CNN  -- Concerns about alcohol abuse have been making headlines this week . A woman who drinks two glasses of wine every day is at risk for developing liver trouble , a doctor says . First , the Indian state of Rajasthan reportedly announced it would shut down 800 alcohol shops . Then , in Britain , chief medical officer Liam Donaldson recommended Thursday that anyone 15 years old and younger avoid alcohol completely . It 's no wonder people are worried . A recent survey of alcoholism studies in the Lancet suggests that men have more than a 20 percent lifetime risk of developing alcohol-use disorders , while women 's risk is 8 to 10 percent . Much of that risk is inherited . Studies show that as much as 60 percent of the risk of alcohol-use disorders is genetic , said Dr. Marc Schuckit , professor of psychiatry at the University of California , San Diego , and director of the alcohol and drug treatment program at the Veterans Affairs-San Diego Healthcare System , who wrote the Lancet article . The risk for alcoholism is four times greater for children of alcoholics , even those who are adopted by non-alcoholic families , Schuckit said . But people who have a genetically influenced disorder can control it by behaving responsibly . Just as someone at risk for diabetes should n't exacerbate the problem by becoming overweight , someone with a family history of alcoholism must avoid drinking too much . "  If you know you 're at risk , it 's your responsibility to avoid the problems , " Schuckit said . Why is the risk so much greater in men than women ? Psychiatrists point out that young women also have twice the rate of depression and anxiety that men do , and daughters of alcoholic fathers tend more toward depression than alcoholism , said Dr. Charles Raison , psychiatrist and director of the Mind/Body Institute at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . "  There may be a similar underlying neurobiology to a lot of psychiatric conditions , and how they manifest in particular has something to do with circumstances , has something to do with gender , and has something to do with age , " Raison said . There are also cultural factors in this gender pattern , but less is known about them , he said . He said women tend toward alcoholism in their 40s and 50s -- which may be their way of counteracting anxiety -- around the time that men tend to develop depression . Another genetic trait is involved in sensitivity to alcohol . Japanese , Chinese , and Korean people tend to have a mutation in their alcohol-metabolizing genes that makes them more sensitive -- meaning they tend to drink less than people from other backgrounds , he said . Data show that the earlier you start drinking away from your family , the greater the risk of alcohol problems later in life , he said . On average , people begin drinking apart from the family at 15 , a number that has n't changed much in decades , Schuckit said . How much is too much ? Male livers can metabolize about twice as much alcohol as females ' , meaning men can drink about twice as much as women before it becomes dangerous , Raison said . "  A woman who drinks two glasses of wine every day of her life is actually at risk for developing liver trouble , " Raison said . Recommended drinking habits vary from person to person . To reap the health benefits from wine , a glass to a glass-and-a-half a day is recommended for women , and twice that amount for men , he said . Getting help Treating alcoholism is similar to helping people with other chronic conditions -- for example , getting a diabetic person to be compliant with medications , Schuckit said . With both alcoholism and diabetes , therapy involves working with a person to alter behavior and help watch for signs of relapse . "  The core of treatment for any long term chronic disorder that requires changes in how you do things in life is to help people to recognize that they have a problem , and they can do something about it , " Schuckit said . A combination of medication and cognitive-behavioral therapy is usually the best treatment option for alcoholism , Schuckit said . Cognitive-behavioral therapy involves changing a person 's mindset -- recognizing the problem -- and improving behavior . Three medications are available in the U.S. to treat alcoholism , Schuckit said . A drug called acamprosate targets the nervous system and helps people decrease their craving by allowing them to sleep better and feel less anxious . Naltrexone , on the other hand , blocks opioid receptors and dampens the good feelings that would normally come along with drinking . These two in combination work slightly better than either alone , he said . A third option is disulfiram , which actually paralyzes the ability of one of the alcohol metabolizing enzymes to work , he said . That makes it especially nauseating and , in rare cases , deadly , for a person taking the drug to drink alcohol . Support groups such as Alcoholics Anonymous that offer 12-step programs are great resources , and they 're free , Schuckit said . While imperfect , 12-step programs are often the best option , Raison said .	Study : Men have more than a 20 percent lifetime risk of alcohol-use disorders Three medications are available in the U.S. to treat alcoholism As much as 60 percent of the risk of alcohol-use disorders comes from genes
CNN  -- An Australian man and his daughter have created a furor after going on television to admit an incestuous relationship which has produced two children . John Deaves and his daughter Jenny pictured in the 60 Minutes interview . John Deaves , 61 , appeared on the 60 Minutes show with daughter Jenny , 39 , and their child -- nine-month-old Celeste , Melbourne 's The Age newspaper reported . Last month Judge Steven Millsteed banned the couple from having sex with each other , but released them on a three-year , $ 460 good behavior bond . Court transcripts also revealed their first child died in 2001 from a congenital heart disorder . The couple told 60 Minutes that they fell in love in 2000 when they "  discovered each other later in life . " Deaves had left the family home when Jenny was a baby , and did not see her again for 30 years . What do you think of the couple 's relationship ? However , the Age reported Deaves ' former wife , Dorothy , disputed their claim that they were virtual strangers when they fell in love . "  They were in contact all the time , " she said . "  His youngest daughter -LSB- from his second marriage -RSB- did n't even know they were together and she is really traumatized -- she is hurting terrible . " Deaves ' first wife and Jennifer 's mother , Joan , said children deserved a better chance in life than one that originated from incest . Watch video report on incest couple . " "  I just think that the whole relationship is dreadful , " she told News Ltd. . "  These incestual -LSB- sic -RSB- relationships produce children and the children have problems and it 's not fair to kids . " Professor Freda Briggs , of the University of South Australia , told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that a good behavior bond would not stop the pair from having more children . "  My controversial suggestion was that in these sorts of circumstances judges should be able to persuade them one way or another , " she said . "  For the mother for example to have her tubes tied or the father-cum-grandfather to be sterilized . " E-mail to a friend	Father and daughter reveal incest on Australian television show Couple have had two children , with one dying soon after birth Judge bans couple from having sex to prevent another pregnancy
CNN  -- A recent study on global wellbeing showed the Danes to be the happiest people on the planet and with about a fifth of them living in their capital it stands to reason that Copenhagen must be a little bit special . The Amalienborg palaces are the royal family 's winter residence . So what are they so happy about ? Well , lifestyle magazine Monocle recently named Copenhagen as being the world 's most livable city , highlighting the quality of its infrastructure , transport system and contemporary buildings . It 's true that the city is well planned and well managed ; it boasts a new metro system , the main arteries in the centre are pedestrianized and the other streets are filled with cyclists rather than exhaust fumes . But Copenhagen is not some soulless exercise in sterile urban planning . There are the winding medieval streets of Indre By and the Latin Quarter , the picture-postcard houses of Nyhavn , the canals of Christanshavn , and the palaces and parks of Fredericksstaden and Rosenborg . The city is , simply , charming . If you spend some time in Copenhagen you 'll quickly come to understand the Danish concept of "  hygge " , a word with multiple meanings that is best translated as something between "  cozy " and "  relaxed " . But if that suggests a city of bygone cuteness it does n't take into account the sleek modernism of Danish design . Arne Jacobsen 's legacy can be seen throughout the city  check out the Radisson SAS Royal and Café Stelling  but no less visionary are recent structures such as Henning Larsen 's futuristic Opera House or the dramatic new Royal Library , known as the "  Black Diamond " . The clean lines and minimalism that characterize Danish design are evident in the interiors of the city 's stylish bars , restaurants and hotels and perhaps their influence can even be detected in the trend away from bland , stodgy cooking to a cleaner , healthier style that is earning the city 's restaurants acclaim and Michelin stars . The alternative side of Copenhagen can be seen in places like Christiania , the ` free city ' founded in 1971 by a collection of dropouts , hippies and social visionaries . The fact that this semi-autonomous experiment in communal living has survived for so long is testament to the open-mindedness of the Danish ; but the very existence of Christiania has always been controversial and government plans to ` normalize ' the area suggest it may not be ` free ' much longer . Like any city of its size , Copenhagen has its share of social problems . Nørrebro has been the scene of a riots in recent years , with some commentators blaming social deprivation and others blaming boredom among young people . But it is working class areas like Nørrebro and Vesterbro , away from the tourist trail , that are the beating heart of the city . They are home to many of Copenhagen 's trendiest bars and clubs and they have a sense of community that is difficult to convey ; it is something Danes might describe as "  hygge " . So why are the Danish so happy ? Go to Copenhagen and you 'll understand .	Copenhagen has been described as the world 's most livable city The city is charming , with medieval streets , canals and royal palaces Sleek Danish design is evident everywhere and gives the city a modern edge The ` free city ' of Christiania is testimony to Danish open-mindedness
CNN  -- The Philippine Commission on Elections approved fraud charges Friday against former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and several other former officials , state media reported . Arroyo is charged in connection with the alleged manipulation of results during 2007 Senate elections , according to the Philippines News Agency . The former president has denied any wrongdoing . Arroyo was stopped from leaving the country Tuesday as she was trying to board a plane at Manila 's Ninoy Aquino International Airport , hours after the country 's Supreme Court overruled government-imposed restrictions on her travels . The Supreme Court again Friday rejected the government 's travel ban , saying she was free to leave as long as she posted a bond and met other requirements , said Jose Midas Marquez , a court spokesman Arroyo was reportedly boarding the flight to seek medical treatment abroad for her bone disease diagnosed earlier this year , following three unsuccessful spinal operations in the Philippines . She arrived at the airport in an ambulance and was transported to the departure gate in a wheelchair while wearing a neck brace . Arroyo 's lawyer , Raul Lambino , said the former first couple was "  subjected to indignity and embarrassment at the airport , " calling the government 's defiance of the Supreme Court order "  abhorrent and in violation of the rights of the individual guaranteed by the  Philippine 's  constitution and the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights . " But presidential spokesman Edwin Lacierda described the situation as "  all high drama , " according to media reports . "  They  the Arroyos  want the public to sympathize with them , " he added . He said that while the Arroyo couple would be treated with dignity , the government would be "  firm in our decision not to allow them to leave the country . " Arroyo 's husband , Jose Miguel Arroyo , is also accused of corruption . The Supreme Court , which is mostly staffed by judges hired under Arroyo , defied current President Benigno Aquino 's state mandate of investigating allegations of corruption during Arroyo 's 2001-2010 presidential term . CNN 's Karen Smith and Journalist Winona Cueva contributed to this report	Gloria Macapagal Arroyo is accused of manipulating 2007 elections The former president denies any wrongdoing The Supreme Court overrules government-imposed travel restrictions on Arroyo
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Oh no , he did n't go there . Even in a political climate where it sometimes appears that anything goes , Bill Richardson crossed the line . When the former New Mexico governor recently attacked Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , for -- in essence -- not being Hispanic enough , or not being the right kind of Hispanic , Richardson went too far . Way too far . During a web interview after an appearance on ABC News ' "  This Week , " the Democrat was asked about Cruz and said this : "  I 'm not a fan . I know  Cruz is  sort of the Republican latest flavor . He 's articulate . He seems to be charismatic , but I do n't like his politics . I think he introduces a measure of incivility in the political process . Insulting people is not the way to go . " Then , Richardson insulted Cruz . He was asked if he thought the senator represents most Hispanics . That 's a dumb question . Cruz has never claimed to represent "  most Hispanics . " Besides , can you imagine someone asking if an Anglo politician represents most Anglos ? Yet , Richardson played along . "  No , no , " he said . "  He 's anti-immigration . Almost every Hispanic in the country wants to see immigration reform . No , I do n't think he should be defined as a Hispanic . He 's a politician from Texas . A conservative state . " Since leaving government , Richardson obviously has time on his hands and so he has volunteered to assume the burden of sorting through 52 million Hispanics in the United States and deciding which of us are authentic and which are n't . You have to respect the initiative . For the record , Cruz does n't think that illegal immigrants should get a path to citizenship , calling it "  inconsistent with the rule of law and is profoundly unfair to the millions of legal immigrants who have followed the rules and waited in line for years , and sometimes decades , to come here legally . " I disagree with most of what Cruz has said about immigration . But I would n't say that he is "  anti-immigration . " That 's crazy . He is the son of an immigrant . Cruz ' father , Rafael , who the senator says has been his hero his entire life , left Cuba in 1957 at age 18 . The elder Cruz came to the United States not speaking English , with $ 100 to his name and washed dishes for 50 cents an hour . I once asked Cruz how he would solve the immigration problem . "  No. 1 : We need to get serious about securing the border , about stopping illegal immigration , particularly in a post-9 / 11 world , " he said . "  But No. 2 , we also need to remain a nation that does n't just welcome but that celebrates legal immigrants who come here seeking to pursue the American dream . " That does n't sound "  anti-immigration " to me . By the way , Richardson 's father , William Blaine Richardson , Jr. , was raised in Boston and worked as an executive at American Citibank . He later worked for the bank in Mexico City , where he met and married Maria Luisa Lopez-Collada Marquez , Richardson 's mother . Bill was born in Southern California . By the time Richardson made his way to New Mexico and into politics , he was n't exactly greeted with mariachis and margaritas by the politicos whose families had , in some cases , lived in the Land of Enchantment for 300 years . Richardson speaks excellent Spanish , but he still had to convince native New Mexicans that he was authentically Mexican-American . He goes by "  Bill " not "  Guillermo , " and "  Richardson " is n't a typical Hispanic surname . So Richardson should know better than to question someone else 's authenticity . In his eagerness to score a point for Team Blue by sniping at a rising star in the GOP , the Democrat wandered into territory that should be off-limits . For Hispanics , this is our soft spot . We pull each other down , crabs in a bucket . And our modus operandi has n't evolved in 500 years : We always make it personal . We ca n't just disagree ; we discredit . And we do it by accusing each other of being less authentic than we are . The whole subject is taboo . On Monday , during another interview , Richardson said his comments were misinterpreted and that what he meant to say is simply that Cruz "  should n't be defined just as a Hispanic " because there is more to him than that . If that 's where he meant to go , he took the long way there . If Hispanics want to attack Ted Cruz , fine . Have at it . But attack him for his policies , his politics and his public statements . Not his ethnic authenticity . As for the territory that is off-limits , I know it well . Memory carries me back to my freshman year in college where , 28 years ago , I indulged in an unfortunate ritual for Hispanic students . It might as well be called : "  I 'm a real Hispanic , you 're a coconut . " Brown on the outside , but white on the inside . Insecure about my ethnic identity , in part because I attended a predominantly white university , I lashed out at fellow Hispanic students . If they had conservative views , I would say they "  did n't identify " and accuse them of not being Hispanic enough . Ironically , some of the people I attacked probably spoke Spanish better than I did . The whole exercise was childish , rude and wrong . And by senior year , when I began to challenge the liberal orthodoxy that many Hispanics worship , I got a taste of my own medicine . I do n't play that game anymore . I grew up . In politics , not everyone has . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette , Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Bill Richardson crossed line by implying Ted Cruz not Hispanic Navarrette : Hispanics hurt Hispanics by accusing one another of not being authentic He says if you want to attack Cruz , call him out on politics , not his authenticity Navarrette once played authenticity game , but he says he grew up
Washington  CNN  -- To understand how the suspect in the botched terror attack was able to board a plane , you have to understand how the counterterrorism system that President Obama says failed is supposed to work . The president says the clues were there , and that a fuller , clearer picture of 23-year-old Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab would have emerged if all the bits and pieces had been shared and put together . "  The warning signs would have triggered red flags , and the suspect would have never been allowed to board that plane for America , " Obama said . The president has ordered a top-to-bottom investigation of the failed terrorist attack on Christmas Day . The preliminary report is expected Thursday . One of the key questions is why was n't the suspect 's visa revoked . The suspect , a Nigerian national , was supposedly on the terrorist watch list . Six weeks ago , his father warned the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria that his son was becoming radicalized and had gone to Yemen . The father provided the embassy with his son 's name , birth date and passport number . That information was sent in a routine , unclassified cable known as a visa VIPER to the National Counterterrorism Center in Washington . The details in the cable were "  insufficient for this interagency review process to make a determination that this individual 's visa should be revoked , " State department spokesman Ian Kelly said . In the aftermath of the attempted attack , the State department is directing embassies to include information on whether a person has a U.S. visa when it sends the visa VIPER cables to Washington , a state department official said . The change was prompted by the preliminary reviews Obama ordered due to him Thursday . The information the father provided the embassy with was just one of hundreds of reports , and often vague tips , coming in each day . Analysts from the CIA , FBI , Justice Department and other agencies are supposed to evaluate such tips side by side , running them through databases , comparing them with other clues agencies have gathered , and those still coming in . The purpose is to make sure the even seemingly insignificant dots get connected . The U.S. also had intelligence that between August and October of this year , extremists in Yemen were talking about operations . Someone known as "  the Nigerian " was mentioned , and they had a partial name -- Umar Farouk . "  At any point along that chain , people have the responsibility for making sure that they are accurately and fully reporting what they 've learned . And then there are going to be some judgments that have to be made about whether and what action ought to be taken , based on the information , " said Michael Chertoff , former Homeland Security Secretary under President Bush . But in this case , with no urgency attached , the father 's warning was treated more as a missing-person report . With nothing else alarming coming up , the analysts put the suspect on the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment  TIDE  list , along with 550,000 other suspicious people . And that 's where the warnings stopped . To go on to the next step and put someone on a no-fly list or subject them to a secondary screening , there has to be a "  reasonable suspicion " of a link to terrorism . Under the NCTC rules , the evidence against the bombing suspect was n't there . No recommendation was made to the State Department to revoke AbdulMutallab 's visa . The threshold for taking action is being looked at in the review ordered by the president . The threshold could be made less restrictive to allow a quicker trigger for action such as revoking a visa , according to a source briefed on the review . There was "  not a lack of information collected , but a lack of understanding of what to do with that information , " the source said . Chertoff said that during his time in the job , there was a "  very good information-sharing system . " "  I think what the current administration is going to be looking at is , was there human failure , either in the initial reporting or in the initial decision about what would be sent up the chain of communication , or in the ultimate determination by the intelligence community about whether this was significant enough to warrant preventing this person from getting on an airplane , " he said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Despite warnings , suspect 's visa was not revoked Tip from suspect 's father sent to National Counterterrorism Center Suspect put on TIDE list , along with 550,000 other possibly suspicious people To take matters further , there has to be a "  reasonable suspicion " of a link to terrorism
CNN  -- NASA scientists say they have captured the first-ever detailed airborne measurements of a major iceberg about to break off into the sea . "  A lot of times when you 're in science , you do n't get a chance to catch the big stories as they happen because you 're not there at the right place at the right time . But this time we were , " John Sonntag , a scientist with the NASA survey team that captured the data said in a video posted to NASA 's website . The discovery of the approximately 340-square-mile iceberg-to-be came October 14 as scientists were flying over the glacier as part of Project IceBridge , a six-year mission to map a three-dimensional view of Arctic and Antarctic ice , according to NASA . Scientists aboard the flight noticed a large crack in the glacier and asked colleagues in the United States to review satellite data to see when it appeared , according to the NASA video . Those scientists said the 18-mile-long crack , which is now between 260 feet and 820 feet wide and up to 195 feet deep , appeared in early October . The crack is the first step in the iceberg breaking off from the Pine Island Glacier and slipping into the ocean . Such events are fairly common but still major from a scientific perspective , Sonntag said . The NASA crew was able to use laser range-finding tools to create a three-dimensional map of the rift , the first time such an image has been created , said IceBridge project scientist Michael Studinger . "  It 's part of a natural process but it 's pretty exciting to be here and actually observe it while it happens , " he said in an article posted to the NASA website . NASA did not indicate when the iceberg might break off from the glacier . When it does , the leading edge of the Pine Island ice shelf will have receded more than at any time since the 1940s , when the ice shelf was first mapped , NASA said .	NASA scientists discover and map an iceberg in the making Their observations are the first detailed airborne measurements of such a phenomenon The iceberg will be about 340 square miles
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A battle royale over an estimated $ 500 million treasure that a Florida deep-sea salvage company found last year is due for a fresh round in court in Florida on Monday . Security forces cordon off the Ocean Alert , an Odyssey Marine Exploration ship , in July 2007 . The Spanish government now says the 500,000 silver and gold coins that the company , Odyssey Marine Exploration , found last year in the Atlantic Ocean near Spain came from one of its ships that sunk in a 19th-century naval battle . Spain wants the entire treasure returned , but Odyssey insists Spain may have no right to it . Lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments Monday morning in a U.S. federal court in Tampa , Florida , in another round of the case that started last year , Odyssey spokeswoman Natja Igney told CNN . Odyssey found the coins last year and quietly airlifted them in crates from Gibraltar , a British colony on Spain 's southern tip , to Florida for safekeeping . The company then said it was unclear how the huge quantity of coins it found on the seabed had gotten there . It declined to reveal the location , citing security reasons , and mysteriously dubbed the site "  Black Swan . " But the Spanish government , at a recent Madrid news conference , said it 's really not so complicated . "  The mystery is over , " said James Goold , a U.S. lawyer representing Spain , told the news conference . "  Using a variety of methods to conceal what it was doing , Odyssey Marine Exploration stripped the gravesite that is the Spanish navy warship Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes of coins and other objects . " "  The coins and other artifacts that Odyssey took from the site are documented to have been on the Mercedes , " Goold said . The Mercedes was a 34-gun frigate , a ship very common at the time in the Spanish navy . The Mercedes left Peru , stopped in Uruguay and was just a day 's sail from Spain when the four-ship Spanish squadron was attacked by a British fleet in October 1804 , according to a Spanish government 's filing to the Florida court . In the ensuing Battle of Cape St. Mary , south of Portugal , the Mercedes exploded after being hit in its powder magazine . It sank with its cargo , killing the 200 Spanish sailors and civilians aboard . Spain accuses Odyssey of looting the gravesite of a sovereign Spanish-flagged navy vessel . But Odyssey executives are n't so sure the coins came from the Mercedes , and they say they certainly did n't come from a gravesite . "  I think in order to have a gravesite , you certainly need the remains of a shipwreck , and you would certainly need the remains of some humans . Neither has been found at the site , " Odyssey co-founder Greg Stemm told CNN . He invited Spanish experts to join Odyssey in further investigation . Watch Stemm describe the gold that was found " But Spain says it has seen the evidence . It recently dispatched a team , including a government marine archaeologist and coin expert , to Florida to examine the treasure held by Odyssey . These specialists told the Madrid news conference that it 's a vast trove of coins , including fabled "  pieces of eight , " some minted in 1803 in Lima , Peru -- then a Spanish colony . Stemm told CNN most of the 500,000 coins are silver ; with a smaller amount being gold . The visiting Spanish experts , he said , saw only a small percentage of the coins , and he called for more research . "  We are not after the gold , " Guillermo Corral Van Damme , a Ministry of Culture senior official told CNN . "  We are after the history , of the memory , of the respect , essentially , for what is a marine graveyard of our people . " But Stemm countered , "  Well , if they 're really not in it for the money , then we would be happy just to keep all the coins and do the archaeological work at no charge , if it turns out there 's a Spanish interest . " The Peruvian government also is monitoring this case , a Peruvian diplomat told CNN . Media reports have quoted some authorities there as saying Peru might also have a claim , if it 's proven that some of the treasure came from Peru . Spain might be willing to share some of the treasure with Peru , but out of a sense of a common cultural heritage , rather than a strictly monetary operation , Jose Jimenez , another Spanish Ministry of Culture senior official , told the Madrid news conference . Odyssey says its leading hypothesis is that the coins may have come from the Mercedes , pending further research , Odyssey lawyer Melinda MacConnel told CNN . But MacConnel said even if it 's proven that the treasure was aboard the Mercedes , Spain still does n't have an automatic claim because the ship , at the time , did not meet the legal standard for "  a sovereign immune vessel . " "  This ship was not on a military mission at the time of its sinking . It was transporting mostly private goods , actually , " MacConnel said . But Goold , the Washington-based lawyer for Spain , told CNN , "  This case has a lot more visibility because of the artificial mystery that was created , and because of the large amount of gold and silver that was taken from the ship . But the legal principles are not new . " "  I 've been to court before on them and we have always won and we expect the same result here , " Goold said . "  A navy ship is a navy ship . This is property of the national government , subject to exclusive control of the national government . " The court hearing on Monday in Tampa is not expected to be the last round in this battle over the treasure .	Lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments Monday morning Mercedes sank during Battle of Cape St. Mary , killing 200 Spanish sailors , civilians No shipwreck or human remains were found at the site , Odyssey 's Stemm says "  We are not after the gold , " Spanish Ministry of Culture senior official tells CNN
Guangzhou , China  CNN  -- In a voice alternating between desperate and hopeful , Qu Feifei talked to her daughter continuously Tuesday afternoon through a window left ajar at the main military hospital in this southern Chinese city . "  Yueyue , give Mom another chance to love you , OK ? " she finally begged , sobbing . On the other side of the window , two-year-old Wang Yue -- affectionately known as Yueyue -- lay almost lifeless in bed inside the intensive care unit , with netting around her head and a respirator covering her small face . The toddler was gravely injured in two successive hit-and-run incidents last Thursday not far from her father 's hardware store in the nearby city of Foshan . When CNN visited the scene Tuesday evening , the blood stains had long gone but two circled numbers on the ground made with black markers clearly indicated the locations of both collisions . Wang 's condition remained critical , her brain showing little activity despite some earlier subtle movements in the lower body , her mother said . Gruesome security camera footage of the accidents and the girl , lying in her own blood , ignored by more than a dozen passersby in a busy market has outraged the nation , stirring an emotional debate on the state of morality in a fast-changing society . On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , the story continued to be the No. 1 topic after generating more than 4.5 million posts along with a "  stop apathy " online campaign . While the initial video went viral on Chinese Internet , state-run newspapers and television stations have since seized on the story , turning their spotlight on an unlikely hero as well as many villains . Opinion : Incident in China shows ` volunteer 's dilemma ' Chen Xianmei , a 58-year-old scavenger who was seen in the video moving Wang to safety , became an instant symbol of understated decency in a nation that many netizens say has become obsessed with climbing up the economic ladder . Camera crews chased Chen for interviews , while local government and businesses fought to award her money . "  I did n't think of anything at the time , " she told local reporters Sunday . "  I just wanted to save the girl . " Chen 's overnight celebrity , however , appeared too overwhelming for her . Her neighbors told CNN Tuesday night she had gone home to the countryside with her son . Domestic media also tracked down some of the passersby in the video . While several denied seeing Wang lie on the ground , one pedestrian told Yangcheng Evening News that she noticed a girl crying next to a pool of blood . "  I went to the closest store and asked a young man there if she was his child , but he said no , " the newspaper quoted her as saying . "  Nobody else dared to touch her , how did I ? " "  This is sort of classic bystander effect , where people have a diffusion of responsibility , " Wendy Walsh , a psychologist based in Los Angeles , commented on CNN . Wang 's mother said in tears that she still could n't comprehend the behavior of the passersby but wanted to focus on the positive . "  Granny Chen represents the best of human nature , " Qu said of her daughter 's rescuer at the scene . "  It 's the nicest and most natural side of us . " Despite rising concerns over China 's declining morality after the story broke , humanity now shines at the Guangzhou hospital where Wang is being treated . A steady procession of well-wishers surrounds her family throughout the day , offering gifts , money and support . "  I 'm so grateful for all the nice people , " Qu said . "  Yueyue wo n't let them down . "  I know my girl -- she 's strong and she 'll wake up again . "	"  Give Mom another chance to love you , " the unconscious child 's mother begs Video showing child being ignored after grave injury rocks China One passerby says , "  Nobody else dared to touch her , how did I ? " The mother , Qu Feifei , wants to focus on the positive
NEW DELHI , India -- Police covered up the murder of a British teenage girl in Goa last month to protect the tourist industry , a state minister and local media said Monday . Scarlett Keeling stands on Anjuna beach in Goa a few days before her death . Officers had initially said Scarlett Keeling had drowned on Anjuna beach after taking drugs , but changed their story when the 15-year-old 's mother protested and a second autopsy suggested she had been raped and murdered . A suspect in the case was arrested Sunday but Fiona MacKeown said she did not believe he was the man who killed her daughter . "  This is a clear case of murder and it has gone out of proportion because the police tried to cover it up , " Francisco X. Pacheco , Goa 's Tourism Minister told Reuters.com . Indian media suggested the cover-up was an attempt to protect Goa 's tourism industry . "  They should have arrested this man a long time ago and this issue would have got diluted , but now because of the tainted image of some police officers in the case , things have gone out of hand , " Pacheco said . Police said they were investigating allegations of a cover-up and the actions of junior officers . "  There are certain things under my scrutiny and I have taken cognizance of all these issues , specially these officers , " Kishan Kumar , a senior police officer overseeing the probe told Reuters . Keeling 's mother said she also believed police were trying to cover up the truth behind her daughter 's murder , and that they had arrested Samson D'Souza , 29 , to make it look like they were making progress in the case . "  We 've had an awful lot of contact with people that have been in this situation before , and they 've warned us to be careful  that  the police will try and find someone immediately to try and put a front on it that they 're actually doing something , " Fiona MacKeown told BBC radio on Monday . Kumar described D'Souza as a "  local Anjuna boy " who was a bartender at Liu 's , a beachfront bar . He said police had confirmed D'Souza 's role in Keeling 's rape and were now trying to find evidence that he killed the teenager . "  We have sufficient evidence to show that he was involved in rape , " Kumar told CNN . "  So far as murder is concerned , we are investigating further . " Scarlett and her family arrived in November for an extended vacation in Goa , known for its white sandy beaches and dance music scene . Beachfront shacks house the bars that fuel the nightlife . MacKeown said Scarlett was left in the care of a trusted male friend and his aunts while the rest of the family traveled to an adjoining Indian state , but she told the BBC that she has had no contact with the family since her daughter 's death . The mother said Monday she sent a letter to Goa 's chief minister asking for India 's Central Bureau of Investigation to look into the case . Goa is popular with Western tourists but several tourists have died from drug overdoses in recent years while women have been attacked and sexually assaulted . The Times Of India said 126 foreigners have died in Goa over the last two years and in January this year a 30-year-old British woman was raped . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Tess Eastment contributed to this report .	Indian police covered up murder of UK girl in Goa , state 's tourism minister said Police arrest one man over the death of the 15-year-old Mother of Scarlett Keeling says she thinks police have arrested wrong man
CNN  -- Brazil 's new president-elect vowed to continue her predecessor 's move to fight against inequality and promote human rights and fight poverty in her victory speech Sunday night . "  My mission is to eradicate poverty , " Dilma Rousseff said after the country 's Supreme Electoral Tribunal declared her the winner in Sunday 's runoff election . As the nation 's first woman to hold the office , Rousseff said she has a mission to fight for more gender equality in Brazil . "  I hope the fathers and mothers of little girls will look at them and say yes , women can . " Rousseff -- President Luiz Inacio da Silva 's right-hand woman -- has served as his chief of staff . Previously , as energy minister , she claims to have helped turn Brazil into one of the world 's leading energy giants . A left-wing guerrilla fighter during the military dictatorship rule in the 1960s , Rousseff said during a congressional hearing that she was "  barbarically tortured " after she was charged with subversion by the military regime . Her opponent , Jose Serra , also suffered persecution during Brazil 's military rule and was forced into exile during the 1960s . A centrist politician , he served as health minister during Fernando Henrique Cardoso 's government . He recently left his job as governor of Brazil 's richest state , Sao Paulo , to run for presidency . Millions of voters lined up across Brazil 's vast territory to vote in the heated runoff . In 60 Brazilian cities , voters used their thumbs instead of ballots on a newly launched biometric system , where voters scan their fingers to log in and vote . TSE officials said all regions , however remote , will have the ubiquitous electronic voting machine . In indigenous areas in the Amazon , these voting machines were delivered by boats and helicopters . It costs the state of Amazonas 5 million reais .  U.S. $ 3 million  to place the voting machines . One of the most challenging trajectories , officials said , is the one to Sao Gabriel da Cachoeira , a densly-forested area in the Amazon . "  There , our electronic machines first leave Manaus by plane , " said Pedro Batista , TSE Director for the Amazon . "  It 's loaded onto a helicopter , and then travels by boat before being carried on some one 's back for a long walk to a remote village , " he said . In Sao Paulo , Brazil 's largest city , voters faced heavy rains and threats of flooding .	NEW : "  My mission is to eradicate poverty , " Rousseff says in victory speech Dilma Rousseff wins against Jose Serra in a runoff She 's a a former left-wing guerrilla fighter turned chief of staff
CNN  -- Shinji Kagawa scored a hat-trick as champions-elect Manchester United crushed Norwich City 4-0 at Old Trafford in the English Premier League on Saturday . It was a 39-year-old Welsh winger that was expected to hog the headlines this weekend but Ryan Giggs , who was due to play his 1,000 th game , was left out of Alex Ferguson 's squad . Instead , it was the 23-year-old midfielder from Kobe whose face will be plastered over the back pages of Sunday 's newspapers . The Japan international opened the scoring with a fine volley in first-half stoppage time before grabbing a second , then a third in the 76th and 87th minutes as United finished another game in rousing fashion . Wayne Rooney added a fourth in injury time to complete the rout to send the Red Devils 15 points clear at the top of the table and coasting towards a 20th League title . Rafa Benitez 's week finished in more positive fashion as Chelsea beat West Bromwich Albion at Stamford Bridge -- Demba Ba getting the only goal of the game in the 28th minute . Read : EPL to introduce goal-line technology The win lifts the Blues to third in the table above Tottenham Hotspur who play Arsenal at White Hart Lane on Sunday . Everton are now two points behind the Gunners after a comfortable 3-1 win over 19th place Reading at Goodison Park . Marouane Fellaini headed home the opener in the 42nd minute before Steven Pienaar doubled the lead in the 59th minute . Belgian striker Kevin Mirallas added a third seven minutes later with Hal Robson-Kanu getting a consolation goal for the visitors six minutes before the end . Luis Suarez also scored a hat-trick on Saturday as Liverpool trounced Wigan 4-0 at the DW Stadium . Stewart Downing gave the Reds the lead in the second minute before the Uruguayan striker took center stage . The treble means Suarez is now the top goalscorer in the Premier League this season with 21 goals . The win lifts Liverpool to 7th in the table . At the foot of the table , Queens Park Rangers closed the gap between themselves and second-from-bottom Reading to three points with a 2-1 win away to Southampton . Third-from-bottom Aston Villa take on Manchester City on Monday . A Jack Collison goal earned West Ham United a vital three points against Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium . The win , their first in three games , lifts them to 12th . There was no post-cup hangover for Swansea City as Michael Laudrup 's League Cup winning side beat Newcastle United 1-0 . The game between Sunderland and Fulham ended in a 2-2 draw .	Manchester United go 15 points clear at top of English Premier League Japan midfielder Shinji Kagawa scores hat-trick in 4-0 demolition of Norwich City Rafa Benitez ends turbulent week on a positive note as Chelsea beat West Brom 1-0
Washington  CNN  -- Days before the one-year anniversary of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , top surrogates for President Barack Obama and presumptive Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney took to the national stage to argue the politics of the attack . Senior Obama campaign adviser Robert Gibbs defended the campaign 's use of the event in a recent Web video and in a speech from Vice President Joe Biden . Meanwhile , senior Romney adviser Ed Gillespie characterized the political steps surrounding the death as a "  bridge too far . " Team Obama released a video on Friday , partially narrated by former President Bill Clinton , that praised the president 's decision to order the killing of the al Qaeda chief one year from Tuesday and questioned whether Romney would have made the same choice . Biden similarly questioned the former Massachusetts governor in a campaign-style speech on Thursday . Gibbs , the former White House press secretary , said the video was "  not over the line " and criticized comments Romney made on the issue during his first White House bid as "  foolish . " The video quotes Romney in 2007 during his first White House bid , saying , "  It 's not worth moving heaven and earth , spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person . " Days later , he said , "  We 'll move everything to get him  bin Laden  . " "  There 's a difference in the roles they would play as commander in chief , and I certainly think that 's fair game , " Gibbs said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " During his second White House bid , Romney has repeatedly praised the president for launching the raid on bin Laden . Gillespie , a former aide to former President George W. Bush and former chairman of the Republican National Committee , said utilizing the raid for political purposes is one of the reasons Obama has "  become one of the most divisive presidents in American history . " "  He took something that was a unifying event for all Americans , and he 's managed to turn it into a divisive , partisan political attack , " Gillespie said in a separate interview on the same NBC program . "  I think most Americans will see it as a sign of a desperate campaign . " The day Osama bin Laden died The campaign video received criticism from Republicans , including from 2008 Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain . On Friday , he called the minute-long spot "  a cheap political attack ad . " White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan avoided the politics of the issue but did praise the president 's decision-making skills surrounding bin Laden 's death by U.S. Navy SEALs during a raid in Pakistan . "  I do n't do politics , " Brennan said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I just know that President Obama , when the time came for him to make a momentous decision like that , he took the action that did bring bin Laden to justice . " Biden teed off what will likely remain a talking point from Team Obama through the election in a Thursday address that previewed a potential 2012 slogan . "  If you are looking for a bumper sticker to sum up how President Obama has handled what we inherited , it 's pretty simple : Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive , " Biden said during a speech at New York University , lines Gibbs echoed on Sunday . The president will pick up the message with what the campaign has billed as the president 's re-election kick-off on Saturday . Obama is expected to attend campaign rallies in Columbus , Ohio , and Richmond , Virginia , two likely battleground states in the November election . Biden will attend campaign events in Missouri and Indiana on Monday and in Washington on Thursday . Obama rallied young voters on college campuses in North Carolina , Iowa and Colorado last week , calling for Congress to stop an increase in the interest rate for student loans in July . Jim Messina , Obama campaign manager , said that Saturday will mark the end of the Republican "  monologue . " "  Now Romney has to put his record and his agenda up against the president 's , and we look forward to that debate , " Messina said Wednesday on a conference call with reporters . Romney is expected to meet with former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum on Friday , a long-awaited rendezvous given that the former Pennsylvania senator has yet to endorse his party 's presumptive nominee . Santorum danced around the issue last week with CNN 's Piers Morgan during his first televised interview since he suspended his candidacy on April 10 . He acknowledged Romney would be the "  person that 's going against Barack Obama , " but said he was still "  working through it " and discussing it with this wife , Karen . Newt Gingrich is scheduled to announce the suspension of his campaign on Wednesday , at which point he will back Romney , sources told CNN . Gingrich expected to end his run Wednesday Romney will spend much of the coming week fundraising , with events in Pennsylvania and Virginia . He will also campaign Monday with Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , the latest potential vice presidential candidate to appear with the GOP frontrunner . The freshman senator was an early backer of Romney and appeared with him repeatedly on the stump ahead of her state 's primary . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida got the VP scrutiny treatment last week when he appeared with Romney in Pennsylvania . Many political observers see Rubio as the favorite for Romney 's vice presidential pick , given his ties to the swing state of Florida , the Hispanic community  he is the son of Cuban immigrants  and members of the grassroots tea party movement . Rubio was one of three potential candidates mentioned by House Speaker John Boehner in an interview that aired Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Boehner said there is a "  long list " of qualified candidates for the GOP ticket , including Rubio , Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio and Gov. Mitch Daniels of Indiana , all of whom fit his criteria that the pick be capable of serving as president . "  There are a lot of people that I like . But this is a personal choice for Gov. Romney , and I 'm confident that he 'll have a running mate that will be helpful to the ticket , " Boehner told CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley . "  I think the number one quality is : Are they capable of being president in the case of an emergency ? " Democratic Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa of Los Angeles and Haley Barbour , former Mississippi governor and RNC chairman , on Sunday downplayed the importance of the No. 2 pick . Villaraigosa , a Mexican-American , said he would n't expect a Rubio pick to make a large difference with Hispanic voters . "  I do n't expect that it 's going to win you an election or win you an entire demographic . This is going to be fought on the issues , " Villaraigosa said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  Can a vice presidential candidate just change the whole deck ? No I do n't think so , " Barbour said on the CBS program . "  The idea that you 're going to reshuffle the deck would be very unusual in American history . "	GOP says Obama campaign has turned Osama bin Laden 's death into a political issue Campaign adviser defends use of killing in recent Web video and in Joe Biden speech Mitt Romney expected to meet with former rival Rick Santorum on Friday Romney set to campaign Monday with Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- One week after a tornado devastated the lives and landscape of Moore , much of the city seems frozen in time . But despite the staggering wreckage that still litters the ground , the road to recovery is well under way . Here 's the latest on the Oklahoma tornado aftermath . Oklahoma tornado : In context In the rubble , a shocking find Desperately digging through the rubble where his house once stood , Tom Bridges made a shocking find on Monday : $ 2,000 worth of crisp bills . He had kept the money in an envelope tucked away atop a window sill -- a place hidden from view and seemingly safe . But when last week 's storm blasted his house to bits , the money went missing . The 68-year-old man and a couple dozen volunteers spent Monday morning combing through rubble that was once his home , searching for the envelope . At one point , they stood in a circle and prayed for the money to turn up . After hours of searching through wreckage 5 feet deep , it did . "  All of a sudden , I saw the window sill . ... I picked that up , and there it was , " Bridges said shortly after the find , his voice cracking . "  I just , I could n't believe it . It was a miracle . " He said he hopes to use the money to buy a new pickup , since the storm totaled his vehicles . "  Right now , money is money . I got the clothes on my back and a new toothbrush I bought , " he said . "  It means a lot . It 's just these little things like that really bring some joy in my heart , which I need . " Remembering those lost Thousands of residents poured into First Baptist Church in Moore for a public memorial and prayer service Sunday night . Tissues in each of the pews greeted the mourners . "  It was pretty amazing celebrating all of the people that died and that lived , " third-grader Ally Keepers told CNN affiliate KOCO . Ally was inside Plaza Towers Elementary School with the tornado shredded the building and killed seven of her schoolmates . "  Some of my friends died , and I was so upset that Kyle Davis died , " Ally said . "  I was crying . I went to the cemetery and put some flowers out there for him . " Debby Goss of nearby Shawnee said the mass gathering was therapeutic . "  I think it was probably the start of healing for the community , " she said . "  This was a good time for them to see each other in one place that was n't a rescue center or a disaster area . ... There was a peaceful place for them to just sit and think about the other people that are here to support them and help . " Obama tours devastated area President Barack Obama saw the destruction up close Sunday and vowed to support residents long after the media leaves . "  As fellow Americans , we 're going to be there as shelter from the storm for the people of Moore who have been impacted , " Obama said . He praised local officials , first responders and school principals for their efforts after the storm , which killed 24 people , injured more than 375 others and damaged or demolished 12,000 homes in the Oklahoma City area . Speaking from the wreckage of Plaza Towers Elementary , Obama called on Americans to help with relief efforts . "  It 's going to take a long time for this community to rebuild , so I want to urge every American to step up , " he said , suggesting citizens donate to the American Red Cross website . Governor : We need help now Shortly before Obama 's visit , Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said her chief request for the federal government was help plowing through regulatory hurdles . "  Basically , what I need is the ability to get through red tape , the ability to get the FEMA funds in here quickly and to get the services that our citizens need to help them recover through this terrible disaster , " Fallin said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Fallin , a Republican , said the initial reaction from the federal government in assisting her state was fast and effective . "  So far , we have had great response , " she said , quickly adding that there was a long way to go before Moore returns to normal . "  This is a massive debris field , " she said . "  It 's not just a couple blocks . It 's miles . " Schools across town destroyed Weekend graduation festivities in Moore were infused with reminders of the tragic tornado . When Southmoore High 's Alyson Costilla walked across the stage to get her diploma , about a dozen people in the crowd stood and held up pictures of her mother , who died in a 7-Eleven ravaged by the powerful winds . The cost of rebuilding classrooms for Moore 's students will be enormous . The city 's public schools suffered $ 45 million in damage , including the two elementary schools that were leveled . Overall , insurance claims related to last week 's storm will probably top $ 2 billion , said Kelly Collins from the Oklahoma Insurance Department . Strangers rush to help The cleanup can be arduous , if not overwhelming . Caleb Allison stared at the mass of debris that covered the yard where his home once stood . "  Who 's going to come get it ? " the high school Spanish teacher wondered last week . But his mammoth problem was quickly solved Sunday with the help of students , parent-teacher association members and fellow teachers from his school and the elementary school where his wife teaches . "  We probably had 70 to 80 people in our front yard , and we cleaned it in a matter of 30 minutes , " he said . Morgan DeLong , one of the volunteers , said many whose homes survived the storm are eager to help . "  It 's kind of our turn to return that blessing and help people out , " she said . "  It 's amazing to just look out and see how our community 's coming together . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Rene Marsh reported from Moore . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Jeff Kepnes , Dana Ford , George Howell and Nick Valencia also contributed to this report .	NEW : A man finds $ 2,000 buried in the rubble of his destroyed home A huge public memorial Sunday "  was probably the start of healing for the community " Moore 's public schools suffered $ 45 million in damage Obama visits disaster-stricken areas and calls for donations to the American Red Cross
CNN  -- You 're on a bus to Los Angeles and the cute blond girl in the third row breaks out into a rendition of "  Sister Christian . " You have two options : You can stare at her awkwardly or pretend you 're Kelly Keagy and lend your vocals to the chorus . It 's scenes like this one , which opens Adam Shankman 's new film "  Rock of Ages , " based on the rock opera of the same name , that have audiences split on movie musicals . Formerly a surefire moneymaker , the genre has become more accustomed to sporadic success in recent years . Still , studios recreate such musicals , hoping for "  Mamma Mia 's " box office numbers and "  Chicago 's " critical acclaim . Boasting names like Tom Cruise and Catherine Zeta-Jones , nostalgic rock anthems and '80s flair , "  Rock of Ages " will prevail if audiences are in on the joke , said Robert Viagas , the founding editor of Playbill.com . Director Shankman appears to agree with Viagas . "  The period sort of makes fun of itself in its own way because it was a really wonky sort of boundaryless time , " Shankman , who directed , produced and choreographed the film , told The Hollywood Reporter . "  I wanted to make sure the comedy and emotion were coming from the characters and not from their wigs or costumes , that they were n't always chasing the joke of the era . " Big hair and fanny packs aside , musicals have a hard enough time appealing to mainstream audiences . "  At a certain point , people lost the ability to ... imagine a realistic story being told through music and dance , " Viagas said , noting theatrical underachievers like 1967 's "  Doctor Dolittle , " 1968 's "  Star ! " and 1969 's "  Hello , Dolly ! " "  Movies have become so literal , " he added . Some people respond better to "  things that are sort of in quotes . It has to have an element of reality . " Despite Shankman 's success with 2007 's "  Hairspray , " which grossed more than $ 118 million domestically , he said : "  I really worry about losing money for people and hurting people 's careers , and  ` Rock of Ages '  was a really big gamble . " But the director said he was comforted by Cruise 's enthusiasm and hard work as rock star Stacee Jaxx . Cruise has said he spent about five hours a day training for the role , and it 's a good thing , because Jeffrey Simonoff , a New York University Stern professor of statistics , said the "  Mission : Impossible " actor 's performance could potentially be a big draw . People will be intrigued to see a star in this role who is n't usually associated with singing and dancing , said Simonoff , who co-wrote a recent study titled "  Broadway Show Survival . " Then there 's Zeta-Jones , who won an Academy Award for her role as Velma Kelly in "  Chicago . " Simonoff 's research says musicals last much longer than other types of productions on Broadway . That might play into Hollywood 's motivation for adapting such stories . If a Broadway show that costs $ 350 for a family of four in New York can be successful , Simonoff reasoned , why would n't a movie version , that costs about $ 45 for that same family , do well ? That said , "  You get less of the spectacular aspect in the movies than you do in the theater , " he said . "  Music is playing , dancing is going on , and you really feel it a lot more than you do on the movie screen . ... Movie musicals do get hurt by that . " On Broadway , "  There 's that suspension of disbelief that you go in with , " Simonoff added . "  You know it 's on a stage . When you watch a movie , there 's still some suspension of disbelief , but it feels more jarring when people suddenly burst into song . " In other words , the fact that the actors in "  Rock of Ages " are constantly reacting to musical numbers could work in the film 's favor . Some people might find it odd if Sherrie , played by Julianne Hough , was sitting on a bus singing and nobody around her seemed to notice , Viagas said . Most of the musicals that have done well at the box office of late have used a mix of dialogue and music to move a story along , much like "  Rock of Ages . " So it will be interesting to see how "  Les MisÃ © rables , " a fully sung musical , performs at the box office when it opens in December , Viagas added . The "  Rock of Ages " movie soundtrack , which debuted at No. 15 on the Billboard 200 , and No. 1 on the Soundtrack chart , will likely have a better week after the film opens , said Phil Gallo , a senior correspondent at Billboard . Soundtracks are n't huge moneymakers anymore , Gallo said . "  Garden State , " which earned Zach Braff the Grammy Award for best compilation soundtrack for a motion picture in 2005 , was "  the last , sort of , collection of music by artists that would ... greatly enhance the value of a film . " Even the "  Hairspray " soundtrack debuted on the Billboard 200 at No. 20 before peaking at No. 2 . But "  Rock of Ages " is driven by '80s hits like "  Hit Me With Your Best Shot , " "  Do n't Stop Believin ' " and "  Every Rose Has Its Thorn . " " ` Rock of Ages ' is filled with 11 o'clock numbers , " Gallo said . Get ready to start singing on that bus . ` Rock of Ages ' : 8 fun facts about the movie 's costumes	Formerly a sure moneymaker , movie musicals now have sporadic success Studios adapt musicals hoping for "  Mamma Mia 's " box office and "  Chicago 's " critical acclaim Source : Boasting nostalgic rock anthems and '80s flair , film will prevail if audiences get the joke
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's rebuke of Republicans who are "  beating the drums of war " in encouraging the United States to take military action against Iran should be targeted not just toward those critics but also , and more important , toward the Israeli government . An attack on Iran would not only fail to achieve its stated goal of denuclearizing the country , it would unleash a devastating confrontation between Iran and Israel that would harm thousands of Israelis and Iranians , and affect those in neighboring states . It would drag the U.S. into another Middle East quagmire , and it would launch an oil crisis that would throw the global economy into turmoil . Then , once the dust settles  or before it does  , Iran would only be more motivated to pursue its nuclear ambition . Four scenarios on Iran 's nuclear plan In the current environment of heated rhetoric from all sides , there is too much focus on when and if Israel would launch a preemptive strike against Iran . What 's missing in the talks are the chance of success in stopping Iran 's nuclear plan through a military option and the regional and global consequences of a new war . Given the territorial distribution of Iran 's nuclear facilities and the likelihood that Iran has readied them for possible attacks , Israel probably does not have the military capacity to eliminate , or even seriously damage , Iran 's alleged nuclear program . Some experts have compared Israel 's airstrikes against nuclear facilities in Iraq in 1981 and Syria in 2007 with a possible strike against Iran . But this is a flawed analogy . In those cases , Israel launched surprise attacks against one facility , which would not be the case with Iran . Moreover , Iran and Israel both possess extensive arsenals of missiles . There is little doubt that a strike would trigger an unprecedented war in the Middle East . Israel would be far more vulnerable in such a war than Iran , due to its small size and the fact that the country 's epicenter is in one single region , the greater Tel Aviv area . Although Iran has come under immense international pressure to halt its nuclear plan , it has refused to do so . However , Iran , unlike its reputation in the West and in Israel in particular , is a rational country with rational leadership , which seeks to enhance its regional and global power . Iran is not suicidal . Therefore , comparing Iran with Nazi Germany , as is often done by Israeli leadership , is historically problematic and extremely dangerous politically . Unfortunately , given the track record of engaging with Iran , perhaps in the long term we may have to learn to live with a nuclearized Middle East that would operate based on the Cold War dynamics of mutually assured destruction . A nuclearized Iran might even launch a nuclear arms race involving other regional players such as Saudi Arabia and Turkey . The only alternative to this pessimistic forecast is to reconsider Middle East inter-state politics , the Arab-Israeli conflict and U.S. policy in the region . Constructive communication should be encouraged between the Iranian leadership and the U.S. , and it should involve other key players . The U.S. should acknowledge the importance of having strong regional players in the Middle East , including Iran . If the regional inter-state dynamics can be changed for the better , Iran may be forced to rethink its strategy , including its nuclear ambition . A rebalanced Middle East will also need the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to be resolved sooner rather than later , since that has been a source of continuous friction . Regrettably , with Israel , Iran and the U.S. entrenched in their positions , it does not look like we are heading in a direction that would solve the Iran problem anytime soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Asher Kaufman .	President Obama said the GOP are "  beating the drums of war " about attacking Iran Asher Kaufman : A military strike against Iran would unleash a devastating war He says Israel would be far more vulnerable in such a war than Iran Kaufman : We should consider how to rebalance Middle East inter-state politics
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A crude bomb made from a water bottle was used in an explosion that damaged a Starbucks coffee shop on New York 's posh Upper East Side , New York police said . Monday 's explosion shattered glass at the Manhattan Starbucks coffee shop . No one was injured . The Memorial Day explosion damaged the shop , but no one was injured and no motive has been identified for the bombing . "  We believe it to be ... a six - to 10-ounce water bottle that was wrapped in black tape , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN on Wednesday . He said the bomb 's powder may have come from fireworks components , including a fuse . The powder was placed inside the bottle in a way that made it "  more powerful , " Kelly said . He said a forensics unit is working on finding fingerprints . The homemade bomb , which went off around 3:30 a.m. , shattered glass , but no one was injured . The store was not open . Police have said the device was planted under a wooden bench outside the coffee shop . "  We have a witness who believes he saw two young people he describes as teenagers , both white males , " the commissioner said . One is described as blond , wearing a red shirt , and the other had brown hair and wore a gray shirt . Kelly said the witness saw the two approach the Starbucks , then looked away . After the witness heard the blast , he said he saw the two young people run away from the building . Kelly said that for now , it 's impossible to say whether the bombing was politically motivated . "  We do n't know if they were a corporate target or somebody had a problem -LSB- with -RSB- what was going on on that corner , in general ... we 're not ruling anything out . " In 1999 , a Starbucks in Seattle , Washington , was vandalized during a world trade conference . In February 2008 , a Vancouver Starbucks and another restaurant were damaged by an overnight explosion . New York police say they 're aware of both incidents , but Kelly says it is too early to draw any conclusions . "  In the past , they -LSB- Starbucks -RSB- sort have been identified with the globalization movement . ... We 're not saying that this is the case in this matter . "	New York police say the bomb outside a Starbucks was made from a water bottle The Memorial Day explosion damaged store but injured no one The blast happened about 3:30 a.m. on the posh Upper East Side of Manhattan Suspects and motive -- including possibility of political motivation -- still being sought
CNN  -- Costa Rica suffered World Cup heartbreak as the United States salvaged a last-gasp 2-2 draw in Washington to deny the visitors an automatic place at next year 's finals . Costa Rica 's Michael Barrantes was left dejected after the U.S. snatched a late equalizer in Washington . Jonathan Bornstein scored in the fifth minute of stoppage time on Wednesday night to leave Los Ticos needing to beat Uruguay , the fifth-placed team from the South American group , in order to qualify for South Africa . Honduras clinched the third automatic place from the CONCACAF zone on goal difference from Costa Rica after ending their campaign with a 1-0 victory over El Salvador in San Salvador . The U.S. finished top of the six-team group as second-placed Mexico were also held to a 2-2 draw in their final match against bottom side Trinidad and Tobago , with the top two teams having already qualified last weekend . Football is on the rise in the U.S. Costa Rica had seemed set for a place in the finals after taking a 2-0 lead after only 24 minutes in the American capital , with both goals from Bryan Ruiz . The striker , who plays for Dutch club FC Twente , beat U.S. defender Steve Cherundolo and fired past goalkeeper Tim Howard for the opener in the 21st minute , and then curled in a superb left-foot effort soon after for the second goal . Michael Bradley pulled one back for the hosts in the 72nd minute after captain Landon Donovan 's shot was blocked by goalkeeper Keilor Navas , but the U.S. suffered a big blow when defender Oguchi Onyewu was stretchered off with a knee injury nine minutes later . The AC Milan player is expected to be sidelined for three or four months after suffering a torn left patella tendon , the setback coming a day after U.S. forward Charlie Davies was severely injured in a car crash which may rule him out of the finals starting in June . The U.S. had already used all their substitutes when Onyewu went off , so had to finish the match with 10 men . Costa Rica coach Rene Simoes was sent off in time added on before Bornstein headed in a cross from Robbie Rogers to mean the visitors have yet to win a qualifier on U.S. soil in 24 years . "  We put a lot of numbers in the box , " Bornstein told FIFA 's official Web site . "  I do n't usually go up for that , but it was last-shot time . No-one marked me . I just snuck in there and the ball landed on my head . " Honduras qualified for only their second finals , 27 years after their debut appearance in Spain , thanks to a 63rd-minute winner from the Central American nation 's all-time leading scorer Carlos Pavon . The 36-year-old striker rose highest at the far post to head his 55th goal in 92 internationals and banish bitter memories of the weekend , when he missed a penalty and another late chance from close range as Honduras lost 3-2 to the U.S. at home .	Costa Rica suffer World Cup heartbreak as U.S. salvage last-gasp 2-2 draw Los Ticos now face a playoff with South American side Uruguay to reach finals Honduras claim third automatic place for South Africa , beating El Salvador 1-0 U.S. finish top in CONCACAF above Mexico -- who had also already qualified
CNN  -- A memo reportedly written two years ago by Maj. Nidal Hasan 's supervisor at Walter Reed Army Medical Center says the accused Fort Hood shooter demonstrated "  a pattern of poor judgment and a lack of professionalism " during his residency at the hospital . National Public Radio obtained what it said is a copy of the memo , posting on NPR.org a retyped version that the network said was a "  transcript " of the memo and "  not a facsimile or PDF of the actual document . " "  The faculty has serious concerns about CPT Hasan 's professionalism and work ethic , " said the memo , signed by Maj. Scott Moran , the residency program 's director . "  Clinically he is competent to deliver safe patient care . But he demonstrates a pattern of poor judgment and a lack of professionalism . " Read document obtained by NPR CNN could not corroborate the authenticity of the memo nor reach Moran for comment . Last week , Moran said he could not comment about differing accounts of Hasan 's behavior and disciplinary record . Hasan 's supervisor at Fort Hood Army Post , Col. Kimberly Kesling , has said that Hasan 's evaluations from Walter Reed contained some information that concerned her , but the concerns triggered an approach to integrate Hasan into the staff that she said had been successful . "  The types of things that were reported to me via his evaluation report were things that concerned me , but did not raise red flags toward this -LSB- the shootings -RSB- in any way , shape or form , " she said , adding that Hasan "  was doing a really good job for us . " Hasan , still hospitalized in Texas , has been charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder in the November 5 shooting at Fort Hood . The memo obtained by National Public Radio said that Hasan , then a captain , was "  counseled for inappropriately discussing religious topics " with patients and went through a remediation program for inappropriate documentation of his handling of a homicidal patient during an emergency room encounter . The document said Hasan 's remediation on that problem was successful but added that he was placed on administrative probation at the end of the year for not taking and passing the U.S. Medical Licensing Examination . He later corrected that problem as well , the memo said . The memo also noted a poor attendance record and lower-than-expected scores on the Psychiatry Resident-In-Training Examination , a yearly exam that Hasan failed to take during one of his residency years . In his final year of residency , the memo said , Hasan saw 30 patients in 38 weeks and was required to use elective class time to make up the lost clinic time . And , it said , he missed a night of emergency room on-call duty and did not respond to Moran 's pages the next day . "  These issues demonstrate a lack of professionalism and work ethics , " the memo said . "  He is able to self-correct with supervision . However , at this point he should not need so much supervision . " The memo concluded , however , that Hasan 's record was not enough to indicate "  he is not competent to graduate " or that further academic probation would be helpful . "  He would be able to contain his behavior enough to complete any period of probation successfully , " the memo said .	Memo written by Maj. Nidal Hasan 's supervisor at Walter Reed NPR says it got a copy of the memo ; CNN can not confirm authenticity Memo says "  faculty has serious concerns " about Hasan 's work ethic
CNN  -- Samir Khan was proud to be a traitor . In a way , he was among the most dangerous of al Qaeda terrorists . By turning his back on the country he grew up in , he gained credibility and coupled that with his intimate knowledge of Western culture to become a driving force behind a powerful al Qaeda propaganda machine . The one-time North Carolina resident , who U.S. and Yemeni officials say was killed with Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in a drone strike Friday morning , used his knowledge of computers to help produce a glossy , Western-style magazine called Inspire that touted the edicts of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP . Just what motivates a man who has spent much of his life growing up in the United States to wage jihad against it ? Many of the answers are provided by Khan himself in an article he penned for Inspire titled , "  I Am Proud to Be a Traitor to America . " In the article , Khan details his journey from North Carolina to Yemen , writing that "  Washington 's imperialism " was something he could no longer tolerate . "  What they have done and continue to do in the Muslim lands is what I felt , totally unacceptable to my religion . " He details how he relied on his U.S. right to free speech to become more vocal about his anger toward U.S. foreign policies . He also writes that he was aware he was being watched by the FBI , something that played a role in his decision to flee .  A senior law enforcement official tells CNN Khan was being investigated by the FBI office in North Carolina , which determined it did n't have enough evidence to seek an indictment against him . "  I decided to take up the pen and write out my thoughts and feelings regarding America 's cowboy behavior in the Islamic lands " wrote Khan . "  I knew that I had to stay under the guidelines of the laws regarding freedom of speech , but at the same time , I knew the real truth would n't be able to reach the masses unless and until I was above the law . " Khan fled to Yemen in 2009 and intelligence officials believe it was soon afterward that he became the editor of Inspire magazine . The official explanation of Khan 's presence in Yemen was that he had gone to "  teach English , " which had become code in intelligence circles for attending radicalization classes . The publication of the magazine was also concerning to intelligence officials as it became a significant tool in AQAP 's recruiting effort and a signified a dangerous shift by providing the know-how for sympathizers to carry out attacks . "  The primary focus of the magazine is to inspire individuals to not just fly to Yemen and join the group , but rather to provide them with the inspiration , the ideological framework , the targeting philosophy and the practical mechanics of building a bomb or conducting a shooting , " said Ben Venzke , CEO of IntelCenter , a private company that provides intelligence analysis to governments . "  To do it all , without ever having to step foot in a training camp but never having to come in physical contact with a terrorist , " Venzke said . "  And this allows AQAP to not only conduct attacks against the U.S. , but at no cost financially or in terms of security to the group , they are able to add this force multiplier to their operations , because if even one person follows the direction of the magazine , that 's a great success . " The deaths of both al-Awlaki and Khan are believed to be a significant blow to the future of the magazine . Clearly , AQAP understood its value . In a recently released supplement to Inspire marking the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , Khan identified an AQAP leader , Sheikh Abu Basir , as saying , "  The media work is half of the jihad . " He also quotes someone he describes as a "  brother " as saying , "  A powerful media production is as hard-hitting as an operation in America . " It 's a significance not lost on intelligence professionals , who see Khan 's death as a "  two-fer , " with al-Awlaki being the primary target . "  Khan is unique in the sense that like al-Awlaki , he spoke English and had an appeal to the Western mind . He knew how to write and had the technical ability to use the Web , " said former U.S. National Security Adviser Fran Townsend , now a CNN contributor . CNN Terrorism Analyst Peter Bergen added , "  The fact that the editor of the magazine  Khan  has also been killed is a problem for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , particularly as it relates to their Western recruitment effort , because the two people who principally spoke to the Western world are now dead . " Townsend suggests intelligence officials will be looking closely at those who are willing to step up and fill the role -- that is , if AQAP can find anyone with the same command of the language and computer skills to do it . "  That will be a strong indicator of how resilient the organization is , " she said . "  Over time , replacements tend to be less experienced . " In Charlotte , North Carolina , Khan family friend Jibril Hough told CNN that Khan 's father did not agree with his son 's views . "  His father is feeling a number of emotions , not just today , but over the past few years , " Hough said . "  Emotions such as embarrassment , frustration and heavy sadness , because it was his son . Regardless of the disagreements that he had , it was his flesh and blood . " Hough , who runs an Islamic center where Samir Khan had occasionally prayed , expressed disappointment that the U.S. government opted to kill U.S. citizens who were not themselves known to be violent rather than capturing and trying them . "  That is the American way -- or should be the American way . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Joe Sutton and Terry Frieden contributed to this report	Khan was a driving force behind a powerful al Qaeda propaganda machine He produced a Western-style magazine called Inspire that touted the edicts of AQAP He was killed along with Anwar al-Awlaki , U.S. and Yemeni officials say
CNN  The fury of Tropical Cyclone Pam , one of the most powerful storms ever to make landfall , has moved on , but the misery it left behind in the islands of Vanuatu is just starting to become apparent . Aid workers described scenes of extensive devastation in the capital , Port Vila , and expressed fears of even more destruction farther afield . Thousands were in need of shelter , food and water , the Red Cross said Sunday . "  Homes have been lost , crops are destroyed . The damage is enormous , and people need our help , " said Aurelia Balpe , head of the Red Cross in the Pacific . "  Yet it will still take some time before we really understand the full extent of the damage . " The storm flattened houses , scattered trees across roads and inflicted damage on key buildings meant to serve as safe havens , such as the hospital , schools and churches . "  It 's becoming increasingly clear that we are now dealing with worse than the worst-case scenario in Vanuatu , " said Helen Szoke , executive director in Australia for the aid group Oxfam . "  This is likely to be one of the worst disasters ever seen in the Pacific . " At least 90 % of housing in Port Vila has been badly damaged , parts of the hospital are flooded and the state mortuary took a hit , Oxfam said . Some 60,000 children are in need of assistance , UNICEF reported Sunday . How to help Vanuatu residents At least six people have been confirmed dead . But communications with many of the 80-plus islands in the archipelago are down , so the fear is that the toll will climb as more information emerges . The confirmed deaths , reported by the National Disaster Management Office , are just from Port Vila . For most of a 24-hour period between Friday and Saturday , the cyclone pummeled Vanuatu , where some 260,000 people live , many in flimsy homes built of thatch . It is unclear how many thousands of people have been displaced by the massive storm , which had the power of a Category 5 hurricane when it made landfall . Aerial assessments are being carried out by military aircraft from New Caledonia , Australia and New Zealand . Relief workers are raising concerns about a lack of clean water and sanitation for the many people left homeless . Aid has started to trickle in . The Australian government said a first contingent of officials and supplies arrived in Port Vila around noon Sunday and more flights were expected to follow . "  In Port Vila , there 's a lot of activity now -- people are starting to emerge , " said Tom Perry of the aid group CARE International . "  You can see trees that are strewn across roads being chopped down . The evacuation centers are beginning to be set up . " Perry , who arrived on one of the first Australian military flights into Port Vila , told CNN the damage there was "  very significant " with trees that looked like "  snapped toothpicks . " "  It 's like a bomb has gone through , " said journalist Michael McLennan , who lives in Port Vila . "  It 's really quite apocalyptic . " Most buildings in the capital were destroyed or damaged , he told CNN on Sunday . Many roads were blocked by fallen trees or power lines . The main objective now is to get disaster response teams into Vanuatu and kick-start the humanitarian operation , Sune Gudnitz , regional head for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , told CNN from Fiji , about 600 miles away . His aid agency has had word of much destruction on Efate , the island where Port Vila is located , and from the southern island of Tanna , he said . Only a little information has so far trickled out from beyond the capital , but Gudnitz said he fears the worst . "  Unfortunately , the more that comes out , the worse it looks , " he said . Vanuatu President Baldwin Lonsdale , who was at a U.N. conference on disaster risk reduction in Japan on Saturday , issued an appeal to the global community to help his shattered nation . Vanuatu has officially declared a state of emergency , opening the door for other countries to help . Vanuatu 's remote location adds to the challenges the international response faces . Port Vila is more than 1,770 kilometers  1,100 miles  northeast of Brisbane on Australia 's east coast , and some 2,200 kilometers  1,367 miles  north of Auckland , the closest city in New Zealand . Reaching the more isolated communities will also take time . Vanuatu 's archipelago -- comprising 83 small islands , about 65 of them inhabited -- is roughly 850 kilometers  528 miles  long . Many of the people are subsistence farmers , said CNN 's Bill Weir , who visited Vanuatu recently . He recalled talking to a resident who built the first indoor bathroom on his island and sought advice on where to find a toilet paper dispenser . "  It 's setting them back years , " Weir said of the storm . People away from the capital live much as their ancestors did generations ago . Homes are built of weak materials , including straw and corrugated steel , that stood little chance against Pam 's raging winds . "  When you 've got a Category 5 cyclone that essentially just sat here for 24 hours -- where do you go when you have a storm that powerful ? " Perry of CARE International said . "  It 's very terrifying to think about what people have been through . " While international teams are finding a way in , it will be up to humanitarian agency staffers on the ground and the local communities themselves to do what they can to get by amid the wreckage . Aid workers said the most immediate challenge is to get clean water to people . Many people will be spending another night in emergency shelters . Track the storm Pam is the South Pacific 's second strongest cyclone since record-keeping began in 1970 . And it 's the strongest of any type since Super Typhoon Haiyan smashed into the Philippines in 2013 , killing more than 6,000 people . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Ben Brumfield and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Situation is "  worse than the worst-case scenario , " Oxfam says Homes , hospital , schools and churches all damaged , aid group reports Aid officials and supplies start to arrive in Vanuatu 's capital from Australia
CNN  -- County officials on Tuesday granted the paperwork needed for the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro , Tennessee , to open -- after two years of legal wrangling and anti-Muslim sentiment that included vandalism . "  We 're thrilled , " said Saleh Sbenaty , a member of the mosque 's board and planning committee . The first prayer service is set for 1 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  on Friday , before the close of the holy month of Ramadan , he noted . Controversy over the building erupted in 2010 , when planning commissioners approved an expansion project at the existing mosque . Previously on CNN.com : Federal judge paves way for Tennessee mosque to open for Ramadan The construction site has been vandalized several times , including an arson attack in 2010 and "  not welcome " spray-painted on a sign announcing the project . Federal authorities have charged a Texas man with calling in a bomb threat to the center before last year 's anniversary of the September 11 attacks . Tuesday 's announcement comes a day after a mosque in Joplin , Missouri , burned to the ground in a fire that federal agents are investigating as a possible arson , and two days after an alleged white supremacist gunman killed six Sikhs and wounded three others , including a police officer , near Milwaukee , Wisconsin . In a statement issued Monday , the Interfaith Coalition on Mosques urged state and federal law enforcement officials "  to conduct a comprehensive investigation of the arson , and the destruction of the Joplin mosque , and to pursue hate crime charges if appropriate . " Sbetany said the Muslim community has noted the incidents with alarm . "  We are very concerned , as many people would be , and we 're just hoping for the best and that our community will be spared from any violence in the long term , " he told CNN . But he took a sanguine view about the mosque in Murfreesboro . "  We 're looking at a brighter future , and a prosperous united community , " he said . "  We are going to forget all of what happened and put it behind us . " Opinion : An American tradition of bigotry The approval followed a tortuous path . In July , a federal judge in Memphis set aside a local judge 's ruling from the previous month that voided a planning commission 's approval , and ordered Rutherford County authorities to conduct a final inspection of the building . Tuesday 's certificate , from Rutherford County 's Building Code Department , is good for 30 days . Landscaping needs to be completed before the building can receive a permanent certificate , but Sbenaty said he was optimistic that it could be completed within the allotted time . Murfreesboro , a city of nearly 110,000 residents , is located 30 miles southeast of Nashville . Belief : My Faith , after my mosque was torched CNN 's George Howell contributed to this report .	"  We 're thrilled , " says mosque board member First service scheduled to occur during Ramadan The opening comes after two years of legal wrangling Rutherford County issues a temporary certificate of occupancy
CNN  -- The parents of a missing 10-month-old Missouri girl issued an impassioned plea for her return Wednesday , as police said they have found little to go on in investigating her disappearance . "  We just want our baby back , " Deborah Irwin , clutching a teddy bear and crying , said of her daughter Lisa . "  Please bring her home . Our two other boys are waiting for her . Please , just drop her off anywhere , we do n't care . Just somewhere safe where she can come home , please . " Her husband , Jeremy , urged anyone with information to call police . "  Anything , even the smallest information , could help lead to her return , " he said . Lisa Irwin was last seen at about 10:30 p.m. Monday , asleep in her crib , Kansas City , Missouri , police said . Police were called to the home at about 4 a.m. Tuesday . "  It appears the suspect entered/exited through a bedroom window , " authorities said in a statement . "  Evidence at the scene leads police to believe the child has been abducted . " Jeremy Irwin discovered the child missing when he arrived home from work , CNN affiliate KSHB reported . Police have said the Irwins are not considered suspects in Lisa 's disappearance . Police Capt. Steve Young on Wednesday told reporters the family has been cooperative from the beginning of the investigation , but "  everything is still on the table . We have n't ruled anything out . " He said investigators "  really have n't developed any good , hard information that we can go forward with . " Nearly 50 tips have been received through a tip hotline , he said , but not all of them have been pursued , as some of them have been vague -- a person calling to report a child seat seen in a car , for instance . "  I know everybody 's hearts are in the right place , but that 's not anything we can do anything with , " Young said . Police have conducted more than 300 "  knock-and-talks " and searches of residences in the area , and more than 300 officers were searching for Lisa . There have been three searches of a wooded area near the family 's home , he said . "  I promise you , if there 's anything we think we can be doing , we 've probably done it two or three times already , " Young said . An Amber Alert was issued for Lisa early Tuesday but has been canceled . "  Although the investigation and search for Lisa Irwin continue , an active Amber Alert is no longer necessary in this case , " police said . However , Lisa is still considered missing and endangered , according to authorities . Lisa is described as 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , police said . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds . She was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . She has two bottom teeth , a small bug bite under her left ear and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh . She currently has a cold with a cough , police said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Lisa Irwin was last seen asleep at her home at 10:30 p.m. Monday Police say it appears someone came in through a window Lisa 's parents : Please drop her off in a safe place
CNN  -- The two bodyguards injured in an attack on a convoy transporting Britain 's ambassador in Libya are "  safe and in good condition , " an embassy representative in Tripoli said Tuesday . The incident took place Monday in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi . One of the guards is in stable condition . Another had surgery and will leave a hospital Tuesday , the representative said . Ambassador Dominic Asquith , who was not hurt in the attack , is in Tripoli , and the "  whole staff is safe and sound , " the representative said . The attack occurred near a university , Libya 's state news agency LANA reported , citing a spokesman for the Supreme Security Committee in Benghazi . "  It was clearly involved in a serious incident , but we can not confirm if there was an RPG  rocket-propelled grenade  attack , but shots were fired , " a British Foreign Office spokesman said . Libya 's Interior Ministry condemned the attack as a "  criminal act that serves the enemies of Libya " and portrays a negative image of the internal security situation . It issued directives to increase security around embassies and foreign missions in Libya . The ministry asked all diplomatic missions in Libya to inform security forces of their movements within Libya so they are provided with security . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Libya 's Interior Ministry issues a condemnation of the attack , calls for boost in security The incident took place Monday in Benghazi The ambassador was not injured in the attack
CNN  -- As Crimea held a bogus referendum on independence under the watchful eye of Russian occupation force on March 16 , I confess that my mind and heart were elsewhere . I have never experienced war or the threat of annihilation . But now , thanks to the Internet , like thousands of other Ukrainian-Americans I am living at the edge of an existential abyss . The violence -- the war -- that threatens Ukraine does not threaten me . I am in New York and Ukraine is thousands of miles away . But war will threaten my friends , colleagues and family in Ukraine . We Ukrainian-Americans must now live with the very real possibility that their lives could be extinguished if Russian President Vladimir Putin chooses to do so . Indeed , Ukraine could even disappear as a state , if he chooses to make it disappear . The Internet has inserted the reality and possibility of mass death into our lives . We watch events unfold in real time . And we watch these events unfold all day , every day . There is no respite . There is no pause . Ukrainians in Ukraine must live with the tangible threat of physical annihilation . We must live with the virtual threat . Their fears are palpable . The consequences for them of war and violence are real : destruction and death . The consequences for us are virtual : We are witnesses to tragedy and mass killings . We watch , our eyes glued to our computer screens , and we imagine the horror . Our empathy is not abstract : Our friends , colleagues and relatives are real people . Neither is our feeling of impotence abstract : It gnaws at our insides and reminds us that we , too , are dying , albeit spiritually . For three months , starting in late November , when the mass pro-democracy demonstrations began in downtown Kiev , and ending on February 21 , when Ukraine 's version of Papa Doc Duvalier , Viktor Yanukovych , fled and people power triumphed , we had been witnessing daily regime violence punctuated by a few killings in January and mass killings just before the regime collapsed . Every morning , turning on my computer , I wondered whether this was the day the criminal Yanukovych regime would crack down , as it continually threatened to do . If all that happened that night was a disappearance or two , a few savage beatings and fire-bombings of cars , we Ukrainian-Americans breathed a sigh of relief . You see , we had actually gotten used to daily terror . We , like the demonstrators in Ukraine , could live with that . After all , they had been living with the violence and predations of the Yanukovych regime since 2010 . What we feared above all was mass violence . And then it happened . On Tuesday , February 18 , about 16 demonstrators and 10 police officers were killed . We were shocked and mourned their deaths , while hoping and expecting the violence to ebb . On Wednesday , February 19 , nothing happened and our hopes appeared to be justified . On Thursday , February 20 , the regime ordered snipers to shoot randomly at demonstrators . Scores died . And , thanks to the Internet , we saw them being mowed down . The violence had come home . The criminal regime had insinuated itself into our lives . After Yanukovych fled and a democratic government assumed power , we rejoiced . Finally , we thought , Ukraine would be able to become "  normal " -- free , democratic , liberal and Western . We were euphoric . The death of the country had been averted . Except that , exactly one week later , on Friday , February 28 , that euphoria was replaced with the deepest of fears . Vladimir Putin 's Russia invaded and occupied Crimea . That was bad enough . Far worse was yet to come . On Saturday , March 1 , Putin claimed to have the right to "  defend " "  Russian citizens " anywhere in Ukraine , thereby giving himself carte blanche to invade any part of Ukraine he chooses . Which province would be next ? On Tuesday , March 4 , our existential angst got worse . At a revealing press conference , Putin claimed he had the right to go to war with Ukraine in defense of "  Ukrainian citizens . " Putin also said if he made the decision to go to war , "  women and children " would act as a shield for Russian troops . Many Ukrainians in Ukraine now believe that a Russian invasion of mainland Ukraine is inevitable . If it happens , war will break out and thousands will die . It 's hard to believe that Putin will stop with Crimea . Putin 's former economic adviser Andrei Illarionov , who resigned in protest after a bloody hostage crisis , believes Russian armies will march on Kiev . Putin 's ideological mentor , Aleksandr Dugin , insists that Russia 's goals go beyond Ukraine into Europe -- a reunification of the Slavic peoples . Meanwhile , Russian troops and tanks are massing on Ukraine 's borders . Terrified realists that we have become , we suspect the worst : that they will soon be attacking a country that dared say no to Putin . As the clouds of a massive land war appear to approach Ukraine , we watch our screens with horror and hope against hope that Russian bombs will not begin to fall on our friends , colleagues , and family in Ukraine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander Motyl	Alexander Motyl : Crimea vote a joke : Many believe war with Russia inevitable He says when Yanukovych was overthrown , Ukrainian-Americans were euphoric Motyl : Then Putin made threats ; Russia stole Crimea and massed troops at border Motyl : Ukrainian-Americans fear for friends and relatives in Ukraine
Washington  CNN  -- Another attempted terrorist attack on the United States in coming months is "  certain , " the heads of major U.S intelligence agencies told a Senate committee Tuesday . Al Qaeda remains the top security threat to the United States , but a growing cyber-security threat also must be addressed by the U.S. intelligence community , the heads of the CIA , the FBI and other agencies told the Senate Intelligence Committee . The hearing covered a range of security issues and became contentious , with Republicans on the committee arguing with Democratic counterparts and the intelligence chiefs on how the Obama administration has handled terrorism suspects such as the failed Christmas Day bomber of a U.S. airliner . Asked by committee chair Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , of the likelihood of another attempted terror attack on the United States in the next three to six months , the officials agreed with Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair 's initial answer of "  certain . " While none of the intelligence chiefs , who included CIA Director Leon Panetta , FBI Director Robert Mueller and others , cited a specific pending threat , their testimony made clear that an evolving al Qaeda remains their top concern . "  My greatest concern , and what keeps me awake at night , is that al Qaeda and its terrorist allies and affiliates could very well attack the United States , " Panetta said . Al Qaeda is adapting methods to make their plots more difficult to detect , shifting from large attacks with multiple players to using individuals without any background in terrorism , Panetta said . He noted the Christmas Day attempt as an example , saying the suspect had a U.S. visa but little history of involvement with terrorist groups . "  Obviously , they decided to make use of someone like that within a very short period of time " of the suspect coming into contact with al Qaeda , Panetta said . Blair also said that deciding whether to prosecute terrorist suspects in a criminal court or by a military commission should be decided on a case-by-case basis . The question involved the handling of Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the suspect in the failed Christmas Day bombing of a U.S. airliner . Republicans have criticized security officials for charging the suspect in criminal court instead of treating him as an enemy combatant to be prosecuted by a military commission . Sen. Kit Bond , R-Missouri , said it was a mistake for security officials to have read AbdulMutallab his Miranda rights on the night he was arrested , instead of first conducting further interrogation . Blair , however , said the handling of terror suspects requires flexibility to allow for the appropriate response in each case . FBI Director Robert Mueller agreed , saying that providing a suspect with Miranda rights can bring better information than traditional military or intelligence interrogation . Mueller noted that incentive agreements with suspects have many times resulted in gaining "  actionable intelligence " that otherwise might never have come forward . Republican Sens. Olympia Snowe of Maine and James Risch of Idaho , asked why AbdulMutallab was read his Miranda rights so quickly . Mueller said the decision must be considered in the context of the full investigation . "  You 're looking at it through the rear-view mirror , " Mueller said . "  Do not discount what has happened or what does happen after that in terms of gaining intelligence . " Later Tuesday , a law enforcement official told CNN AbdulMutallab had been talking to investigators since last week and providing useful , current and actionable intelligence -- leads that the FBI and intelligence officials have been actively following up . The official was not authorized to speak for attribution because the case remains under investigation . Mueller said none of the intelligence chiefs at Tuesday 's hearing were consulted about the decision to read AbdulMutallab his Miranda rights . That decision was made by the chief security interrogator at the scene in consultation with the Department of Justice , Mueller said . The discussion included a harsh exchange among committee members , with Democratic Sens. Feinstein , Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island accusing Republican Sens. Bond and Orrin Hatch of Utah of politicizing the issue . Feinstein noted the policy of charging terrorists in U.S. criminal courts dates back to the Reagan administration , while Whitehouse called Republican framing of the issue "  fallacious . " Hatch also asked Blair if any evidence showed that President Obama 's plan to close the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility for terrorism suspects would reduce the terrorist threat against the United States . Hatch and Bond said they opposed the plan because it would bring terrorism suspects to U.S. soil . Blair responded that Guantanamo has become a major recruiting tool for al Qaeda , setting off an exchange with Hatch that concluded with Blair saying : "  Guantanamo has achieved a sort of mythic quality that helps al Qaeda . " In his written testimony to the committee , Blair said it would take the capture or deaths of al Qaeda 's top two leaders -- Osama bin Laden and Ayman al Zawahiri -- to possibly end the group 's intent to attack the United States . On the cyber-security threat , Blair 's written testimony described an inability to contend with attacks using computer networks and telecommunications systems . "  Sensitive information is stolen daily from both government and private sector networks , undermining confidence in our information systems , and in the very information these systems were intended to convey , " Blair wrote . "  We often find persistent , unauthorized , and at times , unattributable presences on exploited networks , the hallmark of an unknown adversary intending to do far more than merely demonstrate skill or mock a vulnerability . " Feinstein agreed with Blair 's assessment that the nation was unprepared for the kinds of possible cyber attacks it could face . "  The need to develop an overall cyber-security strategy is very clear , " Feinstein said .	NEW : Capture of al Qaeda 's top leaders needed to possibly end attempts , Dennis Blair says NEW : Blair defends decision to read Christmas day suspect rights , says it yielded useful intel Al Qaeda remains the top security threat to the United States , agency heads say U.S. intelligence community also faces growing cybersecurity threat
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Islam Lotfy may look like your average 35-year-old Cairene . He 's dark , clean-shaven , slightly chubby and wears glasses . There 's nothing in his appearance that hints at his Islamist identity , save for the prayer mark on his forehead . Lotfy is , in fact , an active member of the Muslim Brotherhood -- Egypt 's largest opposition movement , which was banned from politics under the former regime of Hosni Mubarak . Lotfy is a lawyer who specializes in human rights cases and also a member of a youth coalition that comprises young Egyptian revolutionaries of varied ideologies . The young members of the coalition are united by a single goal : ensuring Egypt 's transition to a civil democratic state . More than four months after Mubarak was forced from office in mass uprisings that erupted January 25 , Lotfy and other young Muslim Brotherhood members say they are feeling increasingly alienated from the Islamist organization that shaped their political beliefs and influenced their behavior for most of their lives . "  We are not in agreement with all of the principles adopted by the older members of the group , " Lotfy acknowledged recently over espressos at Groppi 's , a tea room in downtown Cairo . "  Our motives are different ... we have Egypt 's best interests at heart . " Prior to this year 's mass protests that swept across Egypt , it was rare to hear a younger member of the Muslim Brotherhood openly criticize the group 's elder leaders . Lotfy 's statements suggest a possible split within the ranks of Egypt 's most organized political movement . Behind the rift is support from younger members for Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh -- a former member of the Muslim Brotherhood who has announced his candidacy in the upcoming presidential election . The movement 's older leaders had ruled out fielding a candidate in the presidential vote and have responded by blacklisting Aboul Fotouh . Their decision to stay out of the presidential race , however , does not mean they lack political ambition . In statements to the news media made after Mubarak was forced from office in February , Mohamed Morsi , a senior Muslim Brotherhood leader , declared that the group would seek 35 % of the seats in Parliament . But that was before the Islamists scored a victory in the March referendum vote for proposed constitutional amendments . The result of the referendum was a resounding 77 % favoring a yes vote . That outcome fueled the political ambitions of the Islamists , who had warned voters that a no vote would have been "  un-Islamic . " After the results were announced , Muslim Brotherhood leaders declared their intentions to compete for around 50 % of parliamentary seats in the upcoming election . But the vote was a blow to the secularists and pro-democracy activists who had hoped to garner support for the drafting of a new constitution to replace the old one . Fearing a rise in political Islam , they have called for delaying the legislative election to allow more time for new political movements to organize . Activists fear that , if the vote is held in two months as planned , the Muslim Brotherhood and remnants of Mubarak 's National Democratic Party , as the country 's only organized parties , would dominate the lower house of Parliament , called the People 's Assembly . Calls to postpone the election have gone unheeded and the ruling Supreme Military Council has announced that the vote will be held as scheduled . Despite growing concerns among some analysts that the Islamists are gaining ground , others remain confident that the group is unlikely to win more than 20 % of the seats in parliament . Activist Hisham Qassem pointed to the schisms within the Muslim Brotherhood and noted that the situation today differs greatly from what it was like during the election six years ago . "  In the 2005 election , disgruntled voters had flocked to the ballot box to vote NDP members out , " he said . Running as independents , the Islamists won a fifth of the seats in parliament in the 2005 election . "  But , the Brotherhood has now lost the ` I-hate-Mubarak ' votes , " Qassem said . On the streets of Cairo , similar views were expressed by residents , including those in poor neighborhoods like Imbaba and el Doweika , where the Muslim Brotherhood has been most active , offering a range of much-needed social services . "  I will certainly vote in the next legislative election , but my vote wo n't go to the Islamists , " said Salem Fathalla , a mechanic in Imbaba 's working-class district . "  All they are after is a power grab . " "  The loyalty of the Brotherhood lies with Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Iran ; they do n't really care much about the welfare of this country , " said Taher Abdel Fattah , a bearded , 56-year-old taxi driver . "  No one knows what their agenda really is , " he added . Outlining the Muslim Brotherhood 's vision for a "  new Egypt , " Mohamed Morsi said the group wants a civil democratic state with laws drawn from Islamic Shariah law . "  Egypt is a predominantly Muslim country , but we have Christians too living in our midst ; it is their country too , " he said . It is therefore not surprising that the new political party launched by the Muslim Brotherhood under the name "  Justice and Freedom " is open to Christians -- and to women . The Supreme Military Council now running the country has made it clear that no party will be allowed to run along religious lines . In a surprise move , the Obama administration this week announced it would open a dialogue with the Muslim Brotherhood , saying that "  it is in the interests of the U.S. to engage with all parties that are committed to non-violence and that intend to compete for the parliament and the presidency . " Mahmoud Ghozlan , a spokesman for the Islamist group , said the United States " must first respect the people 's choices for a true democracy , independence and respect their choice of leaders . We would welcome the open dialogue , if they are serious and transparent . " Meanwhile , Lotfy and at least 20 other young members of the Muslim Brotherhood have teamed up with other young activists espousing different ideologies to launch their own political party , "  Egyptian Trend , " a move that risks their expulsion from the Islamist bloc . Mahmoud Hussein , the Brotherhood secretary general , has said that any Muslim Brotherhood members who join competing political parties will be penalized . "  Members of the Brotherhood are banned from joining any party except the Brotherhood 's own Justice and Freedom party , " he recently told the independent Al Shorouk newspaper . Lotfy said he regrets the move by Brotherhood leadership to ostracize him and insisted that the new party he has helped to establish will work toward fulfilling the goals of the revolution . Among its priorities will be ending corruption and social injustice , eradicating poverty and increasing civil liberties -- demands made by opposition activists during 18 days of protest in Tahrir Square this year . Lotfy , who has worked with other young activists in the 25 January youth coalition to chart a way toward a successful transition to democracy , said he hopes to use the experience to help build the new Egypt . "  There 's a lot of work to be done and Egypt must come first , " he said .	Youth coalition seeks to help Egypt transition to a civil democratic state Some younger members say they feel isolated from the Islamist organization "  Our motives are different , " says 35-year-old Islam Lotfy
CNN  -- The second day of Royal Ascot delivered a shock in the day 's feature race , the Prince of Wales Stakes . Some of those in the crowd at the Berkshire course had come to see the Queen , arriving , as she does every day of the Royal Meeting , by horse-drawn carriage from Windsor Castle . Others had come to see the horse regarded by many as the queen of the turf : reigning Prix de l'Arc Triomphe champion Treve . The French filly would be the first Arc winner to run at the Royal Meeting since 1989 winner Carroll House finished last in the following year 's Hardwicke Stakes . Racing in the colors of Sheikh Joaan 's Al Shaqab operation and ridden by Frankie Dettori , who got off to a flying start on the first day of the meeting , if she had looked carefully , Treve would have been greeted by a friendly face on her first trip outside France . Located in the grounds of Ascot racecourse , nestled among the champagne bars , is a statue of her sire Motivator , formally owned by the Queen herself . It was in the face of these omens and no small measure of hype that the racehorse of the year for 2013  an honor she shared with Black Caviar  took her place in the high-class field of eight . The 8/13 hot favorite was aiming to become just the seventh filly to win this race . And indeed , a filly did add her name to the record books . It just was n't Treve . Racing in the colors of music impresario Andrew Lloyd-Webber , it was The Fugue , whose career has been characterized by stunning highs as well as heart-breaking lows , who decided to re-write the script . The Fugue traveled brilliantly under regular jockey William Buick , streaking clear in the home straight to land the race in a course record time . In second was Magician under Joseph O'Brien , with Treve crossing the line in third . The top three were all inside the old course record . "  She 's an absolute star , " Buick told reporters after the race . "  She proved today what she can do against top class horses . " Her owner described it as the biggest win of his racing career . But there was concern in the Treve camp that the sparkle she showed when capturing the Arc by five lengths was mysteriously absent . "  She did n't feel like Treve , " conceded Dettori . "  Her action on the way to the start was short and choppy and I knew in the back of my mind that I was in trouble . " Her trainer , Criquette Head-Maarek , concurred : "  Her action was not right . Maybe we 'll find something wrong . Let 's take her home to Chantilly tomorrow and see how she is -- and do n't forget the winner today is a good filly , too . " The Queen herself enjoyed a day of mixed fortunes . In the opening race , her horse Musical Comedy could only finish 18th after taking a keen hold early on . The race was won by Mustajeeb for trainer Dermot Weld . In the Royal Hunt Cup , the day 's major handicap , a fast finishing Sea Shanty managed a creditable 4th behind Field of Dream . Her filly Estimate -- heroine of last year 's Royal Ascot -- will attempt to defend her Gold Cup title on Thursday .	William Buick rides The Fugue to victory in the Prince of Wales Stakes at Royal Ascot Prix de l'Arc Triomphe champion Treve beaten into third by Magician Buick : "  She 's an absolute star . She proved what she can do against top class horses . "
It was billed as a clash between emerging jumps superstar Annie Power and one of the best staying hurdlers of all time , Big Buck 's . But in the event , another up-and-comer , More Of That , spoiled the party by capturing the World Hurdle on the third day of the Cheltenham Festival . Victory extended trainer Jonjo O'Neill 's record to three winners this week , while for jockey Barry Geraghty it was yet another winner on a horse that had been rejected by number one jockey A P McCoy -- he scored in the Champion Hurdle on Jezki on Wednesday . The perennial Champion Jockey , who suffered a horror fall here on Wednesday , plumped for At Fishers Cross , who could do no better than third . 11-8 favorite Annie Power ran a gallant race to finish second . The only mare in the race , Annie Power initially seemed to be overawed by the occasion , unaccustomed to the roar of a 60,000 capacity crowd in her ears . But she was soon settled by jockey Ruby Walsh and sat comfortably towards the back of the field . As the business end of the race approached , she was maneuvered to within striking distance of Big Buck 's , but when it became apparent that the threat was going to come not from Sam Twiston-Davies 's mount but from the J P McManus runners , At Fishers Cross and More of That , she was switched by Walsh to the outside . As the final flight loomed Annie Power and More Of That rose together but on the long run to the winning post More Of That was able to find greater reserves of stamina . Trainer O'Neill was full of praise for the six-year-old . "  We were very pleased with the horse and he was in great old form , " O'Neill said . "  Jumping the last , I thought he would keep galloping . I had a little doubt in my mind that Annie Power might not quite get home but she gave us a fair fright . " Big Buck 's had become virtually synonymous with this race , having won four of the last five editions  he missed 2013 through injury  . Regarded by many as one of the best staying hurdlers of all time , Big Buck 's had failed to make a fairy-tale comeback from injury this season and only managed fifth place today . The 11-year-old was immediately retired after this 40th race and took a victory lap of the parade ring to rapturous applause . A visibly moved Paul Nicholls , trainer of Big Buck 's , concluded : "  You have got to be sensible and draw stumps at the right time and this is the right time . " Read more : Thoroughbred therapy on Cape Town 's coast	More Of That beats Annie Power to World Hurdle at Cheltenham Festival 11-8 favorite Annie Power finishes second with multiple winner Big Buck 's down in fifth Veteran 11-year-old Big Buck 's retired after race by trainer Paul Nicholls
CNN  -- A California mother is scheduled to appear in court on Monday after being accused of wrapping a chain around her son 's ankles and locking it . Irma Navarro , 37 , was arrested last week on suspicion of willful child cruelty , according to a statement from the Santa Ana Police Department . She remains in custody . Navarro allegedly shackled her son because she did not want him "  running the streets and getting into trouble or mixed up with the wrong group of kids while she was at work , " the statement said . It was not immediately clear whether Navarro had retained representation . Officers found the child , 10 , in the courtyard of an apartment complex . He had a long chain wrapped around his ankles , they reported . The chain was locked and had to be removed with bolt cutters . A witness told police she and a friend had noticed the boy leaning against a tree and crying . She asked how the chain and lock got around his ankles , and he allegedly told her , "  My mom did this to me , " police said . Navarro has three children . Another one of her children was being watched by a baby sitter , while the third was at school at the time of the incident , police said . All three have been placed in protective custody by social services .	Irma Navarro , 37 , is scheduled to appear in court Monday She was booked on suspicion of willful child cruelty Her three children have been placed in protective custody
The death toll has surged from weekend violence in Afghanistan , with six Americans and more than a dozen Afghan civilians reportedly among the casualties . Five Americans -- including a U.S. diplomat , a civilian from the Defense Department and three U.S. service members -- were killed while delivering books to an Afghan school , when a suicide bomber struck their convoy in southern Afghanistan 's Zabul province Saturday . Another U.S. service member was killed in a separate attack Saturday . The diplomat 's death was a grim reminder of the risks and importance of pushing for change in "  one of the toughest places on earth , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . Anne Smedinghoff , 25 , is believed to be the first U.S. diplomat killed since a September attack in Benghazi , Libya . "  I think there are no words for anybody to describe the extraordinarily harsh contradiction of a young 25-year-old woman with all of the future ahead of her , believing in the possibilities of diplomacy , of changing people 's lives , of making a difference , having an impact , who was taking knowledge in books to deliver them to a school , " Kerry said . In separate clashes in Kunar province on Saturday , local officials said , at least 11 children were killed in a NATO operation aimed at Taliban targets . NATO officials said they were investigating reports of civilian casualties . Kerry laments death of U.S. civilian in Afghanistan Family : Diplomat "  was doing what she loved " Kerry was emotional Sunday as he spoke to U.S. diplomats stationed in Istanbul about Smedinghoff 's death . Smedinghoff was "  vivacious , smart , capable , chosen often by the ambassador there to be the lead person because of her capabilities , " Kerry said . The attack killed Afghan civilians and wounded four more State Department personnel . One of them was in critical condition in a hospital in Kandahar , Kerry told reporters Sunday . "  I wish everyone in our country could see first-hand the devotion , loyalty and amazingly hard and hazardous work our diplomats do on the front lines in the world 's most dangerous places , " Kerry said in a statement Saturday . "  Every day , we honor their courage and are grateful for their sacrifices , and today we do so with great sadness . " Smedinghoff volunteered for an assignment at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and had been working there since July , her parents said in a statement . "  She particularly enjoyed the opportunity to work directly with the Afghan people and was always looking for opportunities to reach out and help to make a difference in the lives of those living in a country ravaged by war , " Tom and Mary Beth Smedinghoff said . "  We are consoled knowing that she was doing what she loved , and that she was serving her country by helping to make a positive difference in the world . " Afghan children killed At least 11 Afghan children were killed Saturday in a joint military operation by Afghan and NATO forces , local officials said . Mohammed Zaher Sapai , governor of the Shigal district , said 11 children were among 18 people killed in the operation . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force is investigating , spokesman John Manley said . "  We take these reports of civilian injuries very seriously , " he said . U.S. military brass visits The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , is in Afghanistan for meetings with coalition and Afghan leaders . Dempsey will be briefed on the ongoing military transition , where Afghan security forces are taking greater control of their country . He will meet with Marine Corps Gen. Joseph F. Dunford , who took command of ISAF about two months ago . "  One of the things I 'm going to ask  Dunford  is ... what have you learned , " Dempsey told the American Forces Press Service . "  If he tells me ` Nothing , ' I 'm going to say , ` Maybe we got the wrong guy . ' " Dempsey spokesman Col. David Lapan later told CNN that the chairman was simply joking when he made the remark about Dunford . Dempsey has total confidence in Dunford , Lapan said .	Anne Smedinghoff "  was doing what she loved , " her parents say The 25-year-old is believed to be the first U.S. diplomat killed since Benghazi Two civilians and 3 U.S. service members were killed delivering books to a school At least 11 children killed in an Afghan/NATO operation Saturday , officials say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide car bomber killed at least 56 people and wounded more than 100 others Friday when his vehicle exploded in a market in Mohmand Agency in Pakistan 's tribal region , officials said . The intended target of the attack was a local government office in the town of Eakah . But the vehicle detonated in a market near the building , said Hayat Khan , a local administration official . About 20 shops , five houses and the local jail were damaged in the blast . In the confusion following the attack , various officials provided conflicting death tolls . Amjad Ali Khan , chief of Mohmand Agency , said four policemen were among the dead . Maqsood Mahed Khan , a local government official , said three children and two women were killed . Authorities also believe more victims may be trapped under the rubble of damaged buildings . Mohmand is one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the 1,500-mile border porous border that Pakistan shares with Afghanistan . The Pakistani military has been battling insurgents in the area for some time .	More victims may be trapped under rubble Attack is carried out by a suicide car bomber Target is a government building Mohmand Agency is one of seven semiautonomous regions
CNN  "  Doctor Strange " is adding to the mix . The Marvel movie , slated for release in 2016 , finally landed Benedict Cumberbatch as the mysterious title character . Now it appears that Oscar-nominated actor Chiwetel Ejiofor may be joining the cast , according to The Hollywood Reporter . The Tinseltown trade paper says that Ejiofor is in negotiations for an "  unspecified role . " "  Strange " fans are already chattering about what that role could be . If Ejiofor does join the cast , he 'll be reunited with Cumberbatch , who was one of his co-stars in "  12 Years a Slave . " Ejiofor was nominated for a best actor Oscar for his performance as Solomon Northup , the protagonist of last year 's best picture . Of course , there 's still a long time between now and November 4 , 2016 , "  Strange 's " proposed release date , and negotiations with Cumberbatch were rumored for months before being confirmed . Magical casting ? We 'll see .	Hollywood Reporter says Chiwetel Ejiofor is in talks for "  Doctor Strange " The Oscar-nominated actor is being thought of for an "  unspecified role "
CNN  -- It sounds like the plot of a Hollywood movie : An eccentric millionaire creates a sperm bank with donations from only extraordinary men -- Nobel laureates , an Olympic athlete and geniuses with off-the-chart IQs . The mission ? To create a generation of smarter , healthier , more productive members of society But this was no movie plot . This actually happened . Robert K. Graham -- a businessman who made his fortune after inventing shatterproof eyeglasses -- founded the Repository for Germinal Choice in 1980 . It operated until 1999 , two years after his death . Graham was very clear about his motives : He wanted to improve the human gene pool . "  The better the human gene pool , the better the individuals who will come out of it , " Graham said . "  And the poorer the human gene pool , the more useless and detrimental individuals will come out of it . " Not surprisingly , the so-called "  Nobel Prize sperm bank " attracted controversy and accusations that Graham was a racist , resurrecting the ideas that gave rise to Nazi Germany -- something he denied . On Sunday , some of the men and women who were born as a result of Graham 's project reveal how their lives have evolved on this week 's episode of "  This is Life with Lisa Ling . " Here are some interesting facts about the Repository for Germinal Choice : It did n't cost that much Women who applied for Graham 's genius sperm only had to come up a $ 50 application fee and $ 10 a month for storage and shipping costs , according to a 1984 New York Times article on the sperm bank . The moms did n't have to be geniuses They had to be married  although there was an exception made for at least one single mother  , but the mothers did not have to take an IQ test or go through any genetic screening . Donors were recruited on college campuses Julianna McKillop , who worked for the repository from 1980 to 1985 , recalls traveling up and down the West Coast visiting elite college campuses looking for sperm donors . "  I 'd take the tanks of liquid nitrogen in Dr. Graham 's Cadillac and drive up to CalTech and talk to the students  and professors  , " she told Lisa Ling . If someone was willing , she provided him a cup and some private time . She 'd store the donation in the back of the Cadillac with the liquid nitrogen . "  Can you imagine doing that ? It was n't easy to get a donor , they 'd kind of go like , ` Why are you in my office ? ' And I said , ` Well you have some genetic material and there 's some people out there that can use that , they would like to have a child . ' " All the donors were white While most of the donors remain anonymous , Graham did acknowledge that they were all white , according to David Plotz , author of "  The Genius Factory : The Curious History of the Nobel Prize Sperm Bank . " But Graham strongly denied that he was a racist or a Nazi . "  We are n't thinking of a superrace , " Graham said at a 1980 news conference , according to Plotz 's book . "  We are thinking in terms of a few more creative , intelligent people who otherwise might not be born . " The sperm bank produced some 215 children -- and many lead quite ordinary lives today Most of the progeny of the "  genius sperm bank " who have spoken publicly say they did quite well in school . Today , as adults , many seem to be pretty ordinary : Tom runs a roofing business , Leandra is an opera singer , Courtney is a dancer , Logan has a form of autism . And several claim to feel pressure to do something extraordinary with their lives . As Tom puts it , "  I have to do something with the gifts that I 've been given . " But Adrienne -- mother of Leandra , Courtney , and Logan -- says having "  genius sperm " is no guarantee for happiness and success . "  There 's only so much you can control when it comes to genetics , " she says . "  It all has to do with what you give to your family . " Graham paved the way for how many sperm banks operate today Despite all the criticism , Graham paved the way for couples to have more of a choice in determining their sperm donors -- something that is commonplace today , as more and more men and women seek fertility treatment . At the Fairfax Cryobank , less than 1 % of the men who apply to be donors actually become active donors , according to lab director Michelle Ottey . "  It 's a rigorous screening process , which is a good thing because we want really high-quality guys in the program , " she explained . "  Statistically it 's easier to get into an Ivy League school than it is to get into the Fairfax donor program . "	The Repository for Germinal Choice was an elite sperm bank that closed in 1999 Its founder recruited only men of high intelligence and strong athletic ability The so-called "  Nobel Prize sperm bank " drew criticism "  This is Life with Lisa Ling " features some of the children born as a result
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Growing up , Heather Davis was n't the kind of kid people would have called fat or even chubby . Heather Davis weighed 250 pounds and wore a size 22 at her heaviest . She lost 110 pounds and wears a size 4 . Like many children , Heather studied hard , did her homework and played sports after school . During elementary school , she remembers being thin -- but things started to change as she approached adolescence . "  My bad eating habits began during my ` latchkey kid ' years , " says Davis . "  In high school and middle school , I played sports , but with a diet of Doritos and soda for lunch ... large family dinners ... I became overweight . " During her senior year in high school , Davis , who is 5 feet 9 inches tall , weighed 200 pounds . "  We had a meat-and-potatoes family . We had dessert every night and I was a member of the ` clean your plate club , ' remembers Davis . "  It caught up with me . " By the time she was 22 and attending graduate school , Davis ' weight had ballooned to 250 pounds . Davis says her weight gain was caused by major life transitions -- triggered by emotional eating , a junk-food diet and lack of exercise . Davis dreaded shopping for clothes and said she found it hard to find stylish , age-appropriate clothing for her bigger body . She says it was a struggle to look neat and put together as most of her shirts "  hugged every roll . " Looser-fitting clothing , she says , made her feel as if she were wearing a tent . The additional weight also began to take a physical toll . Everyday tasks such as walking up stairs or in the shopping mall started to become difficult . Davis says she was constantly hot and any physical exertion would cause her to sweat , even in below-freezing temperatures . Life became a constant struggle . "  I would get hot a lot because of the extra weight I was carrying . Picture yourself with a 100-pound backpack on , " says Davis . "  That was what it was like climbing the escalator . My knees hurt . My back -LSB- and -RSB- shoulders hurt a lot . " Davis , who lives in Washington , says she had tried everything to lose weight , such as low-carb and low-fat diets and even starvation . But one day , something clicked . "  I was on the campus shuttle and saw the Gold 's Gym , " Davis says , "  And , I said ' I can go down into the Metro and go home and eat my Ben & Jerry 's -LSB- ice cream -RSB- . Or , I can go over there and really do this . Just do this ! ' " Watch Davis ' dramatic weight loss transformation Davis remembered her grandmother -- with whom she 'd been extremely close -- who had died from heart failure brought on by years of unhealthy eating and lack of exercise . "  She will never get to see my wedding , children or experience other joys in her life , " Davis says . Davis says there was n't any defining experience or "  lightbulb " moment that forced her to make a change . It was the realization that after years of failed diets and the physical toll of obesity , she 'd had enough . During her first visit to the gym , Davis says she could barely handle 15 minutes on the treadmill . But she stayed on track by reminding herself that weight loss was going to be hard work and there was no easy way out . She did cardio exercise for two weeks and began modifying her diet by cutting out starches , ice cream and pizza . Within the first two weeks , she had lost 8 pounds . She was motivated by the positive results and gradually increased her cardio , incorporated weight training and continued to change her diet . Davis remained determined , and over the next 12 months , with the support of her family and regular check-ins with a gym trainer , she lost 110 pounds . She went from wearing a plus-size 22 to wearing a size 4 or 6 . The weight loss and healthier lifestyle boosted the 31-year-old 's self-confidence and gave her access to a richer , fuller life . "  My days of treating my body badly are over , " says Davis . "  I focus on things I enjoy such as European travel , language classes and beach vacations . " Staying healthy for Davis means eating in moderation and incorporating fun forms of exercise into her daily life . She no longer owns a vehicle and enjoys long walks in downtown Washington . She 's also set another goal for herself -- a second graduate degree -- which she hopes will allow her to help others . "  I 'm working on my master 's in public health because all of this health awareness has made me want to help other people , " Davis says . "  Obesity is reaching epidemic proportions and I will take pleasure using both experience and scientific knowledge toward planning and evaluating programs designed to help people incorporate healthy behaviors into their lives . " Davis is training to run a half-marathon and is running up to 6 miles . She says even though she 's lost 110 pounds , she 's still the same person -- outgoing , and more importantly -- happy . She 's also become an inspiration for people who desperately want to lose weight . "  If I can do it , anybody can do it , " says Davis . iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Send your story , photos and video E-mail to a friend Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Heather Davis weighed 250 pounds and wore a size 22 at her heaviest Fed up with obesity , she started working out regularly and modified her diet The healthy regimen helped Davis lose 110 pounds in 12 months Now wearing a size 4 , she wants to help other people battle obesity
CNN  -- A deadly attack Wednesday delivered the harshest blow yet to President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , taking the bloodshed into his inner circle . Jordan 's king calls Syria attack ' a tremendous blow ' to al-Assad regime Three top officials were killed and a number of others were wounded in an explosion at a national security building in Damascus , state TV reported . The attack came after several days of violence in the capital . At least 189 people were killed across the country on Wednesday , including 37 in Damascus and 69 in its suburbs , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The officials killed were Defense Minister Dawood Rajiha ; Deputy Defense Minister Assef Shawkat -- al-Assad 's brother-in-law ; and Hasan Turkmani , al-Assad 's security adviser and assistant vice president , state TV reported . Interior Minister Ibrahim al-Shaar was among those injured in the blast , state TV said , adding that he "  is in good health and that his condition is stable . " Getting to know Syria 's first family The attack , which occurred during a meeting of ministers and security officials , was coordinated by rebel brigades in Damascus , said the deputy head of the opposition Free Syrian Army , Col. Malek al-Kurdi . The government described it as a suicide bombing . But al-Kurdi said a remote control was used to detonate an explosive device that had been planted inside the meeting room . Al-Assad quickly named Gen. Fahd Jassem al-Freij as defense minister , state-run news agency SANA said . State-run SANA said the government has killed or captured a "  large number " of terrorist infiltrators in Damascus and inflicted "  heavy losses " on terrorists in Homs and Idlib . Video from a Damascus suburb showed Syrians rejoicing after news spread of the bombing . Soon after , the pro-government Shabiha militia took to the streets , attacking with knives , shooting and saying , "  This is retribution for what you have done , " according to an opposition activist in Damascus , who is going by the name Lena to protect her identity . There were bodies in the streets around the Yarmouk , a Palestinian refugee camp , and people were too afraid to collect them , Lena said . "  The people are really scared , " she said , adding that mosques were blaring the messages "  Stay in your homes " and "  God is great . " A Damascus resident said shootings occurred in Baghdad Street , a major road that includes branch offices of state security agencies . In the neighborhood of Medan , where violence has raged in recent days , Free Syrian Army fighters "  launched their biggest attack yet all over Damascus , in 17 points , " said Abo Abdo , a rebel fighter . They were working to "  disperse the regime 's forces all over the capital , " he said . Syria , on the official Syrian Arab News Agency , said its armed forces "  chased down terrorists who infiltrated " Medan , and "  killed and arrested a large number of them . The military units also chased down terrorists who terrorized some families in the neighborhoods of al-Qaboun and Tishreen and forced them to leave their homes . " With the Syrian government restricting foreign journalists from gaining access to the country , CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence or details about the attack . The bombing took place in a building in Rawda Square , near al-Assad 's home and the U.S. Embassy , which suspended its operations in February . Security officials and government spies have had a heavy presence in the area . The bombing 's repercussions spread from the capital of Syria to the capital of Egypt , where clashes erupted Wednesday between the Egyptian police and hundreds of protesters outside the Syrian Embassy . Some of them were chanting , "  Down , Down , Bashar al-Assad ! " "  We only wanted to remove the flag and replace it by the independence flag , but the Egyptian riot police started beating us so we pelted them with rocks , " said Ahmed H. Aggour , an organizer of the protest in Cairo . "  Next thing you know they fired an incredible amount of tear gas , several canisters landed on the British Embassy nearby . " He added , "  We want people in Syria to see how we are supporting their cause here in Egypt . " Most of the protesters were Egyptian , Tarek Shalaby , an Egyptian activist and web designer at the scene . Alla Mahmoud , a spokesman from the Interior Ministry , told CNN that 15 protesters were arrested . Some suffered minor injuries , from excessive inhalation of tear gas to bruises . Meanwhile , U.S. President Obama called Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday to discuss the Syrian situation , the White House said . "  They noted the differences our governments have had on Syria , but agreed to have their teams continue to work toward a solution , " it said . A planned Security Council vote on a draft resolution on Syria was delayed at the request of Kofi Annan , joint envoy to Syria for the United Nations and the Arab League , until 10 a.m. Thursday , diplomats said . Annan , who met Tuesday with Putin in Moscow , earlier this year put forward a peace plan that has failed to stop the violence . Western countries are pushing for a resolution that threatens sanctions against al-Assad 's regime if government forces do n't stop attacks . That draft also calls for renewing the 300-member U.N. observer mission for 45 days . The observers ' work has been suspended because of violence . Throughout Syria 's 16-month crisis , Russia has opposed any international effort that would blame , punish or change the leadership of the Syrian government . Russia -- along with China -- has vetoed two previous draft resolutions in the U.N. Security Council , leading to accusations that Russia is protecting the Syrian regime . Russia , meanwhile , has put forth its own draft , which "  strongly urges all parties in Syria to cease immediately all armed violence in all its forms . " The Russian draft also calls for renewing the U.N. observer mission for three months . At the United Nations , German Ambassador Peter Wittig said Wednesday 's events in Damascus "  underline as clearly as never before that the Security Council now has to act . It has to send out a strong signal to the Syrian regime to stop the use of heavy weapons . We want to give the Annan plan , which we all support in the council , some teeth -- and that 's why we should adopt a resolution with the sanctions threat . " In Amman , Jordan , King Abdullah said the situation in Syria is nearing an all-out civil war . "  In other words , it 's getting very , very messy , " he said . "  When you get full-out civil war , there is no coming back from the abyss . " Next for Syria : Showdown or stalemate ? The attack represents "  a massive psychological blow to the regime " and will accelerate al-Assad 's "  demise , " predicted Anthony Skinner , an analyst with Maplecroft , a think tank that provides risk assessments on global business . It could suggest that "  the regime itself is crumbling , " said Rime Allaf , an analyst with Chatham House , a think tank focusing on international affairs . Events in Syria show "  a real escalation in fighting , " said U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . It "  tells us that this is a situation that is rapidly spinning out of control , and for that reason it 's extremely important that the international community , working with other countries that have concerns in that area , have to bring maximum pressure on Assad to do what 's right , and to step down and to allow for that peaceful transition , " Panetta said . The U.S. government announced Wednesday a new round of sanctions against members of the Syrian government . Timeline : How the horror has unfolded Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zubi , speaking on state TV , vowed that those behind the attack will be held accountable . He insisted that those trying to divide the army are failing . "  This army has not been divided , " he said . But increasing numbers of officials in the Syrian military have defected in recent days . Two brigadier generals fled overnight to Turkey , bringing the number of Syrian generals in Turkey to 20 , a Turkish Foreign Ministry official said . Rajiha , one of those killed Wednesday , was a member of the country 's minority Christian community . who was named by the U.S. Treasury in sanctions this year . U.S. citizens were prohibited from engaging in transactions with him and other officials amid what the U.S. government called Syria 's "  continued use of violence against its people . " In 2006 , the Treasury named Shawkat -- then Syria 's director of military intelligence -- in an executive order , freezing his assets and prohibiting U.S. citizens from engaging in transactions with him . At the time , the U.S. government called Shawkat "  a key architect of Syria 's domination of Lebanon , as well as a fundamental contributor to Syria 's long-standing policy to foment terrorism against Israel . " What we need to know about Syria Days ago , Nawaf al-Fares , the former Syrian ambassador to Iraq who has become the country 's highest-level diplomatic defector , told CNN that Shawkat had run an al Qaeda in Iraq training camp . A U.S. official said al-Fares ' claim was "  broadly consistent with our understanding " of the Syrian regime 's cooperation with al Qaeda "  elements . " But the Syrian regime has repeatedly denied involvement in terrorist activities -- and has blamed the violence of the past 16 months on "  armed terrorist groups . " Dark images of horror and despair smuggled out of Syria Syria 's al Qaeda boomerang Since the crisis began in March 2011 , the United Nations estimates , more than 10,000 people have been killed in the violence ; the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria estimates that more than 16,000 have died . Defector : ` The battle for Damascus is coming ' CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Ivan Watson , Arwa Damon , Amir Ahmed , Holly Yan , Richard Roth , Brian Walker and Joe Sterling and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	The U.N. Security Council vote on a draft resolution is delayed until Thursday morning 189 people were killed Wednesday , an opposition group says 20 Syrian generals have defected to Turkey , a Turkish official says
Washington  CNN  -- There is a good chance NATO pressure will encourage Libyan tyrant Moammar Gadhafi to leave power , the U.S. NATO commander told Congress Tuesday , but the opposition that could come in the Libyan leader 's wake has "  flickers " of al Qaeda . While there is a wide range of possible outcomes in Libya , running from a static stalemate to Gadhafi cracking , there is a "  more than reasonable " chance of Gadhafi leaving power , Adm. James Stavridis said before the Senate Armed Services Committee , But potential "  flickers " of al Qaeda and Hezbollah elements have been seen in intelligence regarding the Libyan opposition , which is poised to take power if Gadhafi leaves , Stavridis said . However , he added there is no evidence of a significant presence of al Qaeda or other terrorist groups . Stavridis is also the commander of U.S. European Command . "  The intelligence that I 'm receiving at this point makes me feel that the leadership that I 'm seeing are responsible men and women who are struggling against Col. Gadhafi , " Stavridis added . The comments come the same day as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with a leader of Libya 's opposition in London . Clinton and the heads of 40 other countries met Tuesday to discuss Libya 's future . A senior counterterrorism official , unnamed because he is not authorized to speak on the record , backed up Stavridis ' assessment , downplaying the concern about al Qaeda among the Libyan opposition . There is probably "  a sprinkling of extremists to perhaps include al Qaeda " in Libya among the rebels , "  but no one should think the opposition is being led by al Qaeda or one of its affiliates , " the official said . Al Qaeda has had a presence in North Africa for years . It "  would n't be surprising if small numbers -- a handful " -- of extremists or al Qaeda are in Libya . "  It 's hard to tell who all the leaders are in the opposition , " the official said , but "  the rebels do not appear to be adopting an al Qaeda bent or ideology in Libya . " If Gadhafi 's forces cease fighting there would be a series of decisions on how NATO should proceed . Leading the senators through the NATO command chain , Stavridis said the intelligence and ground assessments would work their way up through NATO , first going through Canadian Gen. Charles Bouchard leading the NATO operation in Libya , then up to Stavridis and eventually going up to the United Nations for the ultimate decision on course of action , Stavridis said . "  I think there would be actually another level that this discussion would have to go to , which would be the United Nations since the authority for NATO to participate in this operation is under the United Nations Security Council resolutions 1970 and 1973 , " Stavridis pointed out . During this process there would be a pause in NATO activity over Libya . But for now the fight is still very much on . No-fly air zones have been set up to allow air assets to strike Libyan forces if the civilian population is threatened , Stavridis said , going beyond a basic no-fly zone patrol mission . For the first time , A-10 and AC-130 ground attack aircraft were used over the weekend in Libya , Vice Adm. Bill Gortney said at a press briefing on Monday . These aircraft fire machine gun rounds from cannons , up to thousands of rounds a minute , and due to their low-altitude flying ability provide more precision in densely populated areas . On Monday night , one A-10 aircraft attacked Libyan coast guard ships in the port of Misrata after reports were confirmed that the ships were firing at merchant vessels . NATO is set to take control of the full operation in Libya including protecting civilians on Thursday , greatly easing the financial costs on the United States , which has already hit $ 550 million as of Monday , according to Pentagon figures . Of those costs , 60 % were for munitions , the Pentagon said , including Tomahawk missiles , which cost $ 1.4 million each . The United States has launched approximately 200 since the beginning of the operation . "  Future costs are highly uncertain , " Pentagon spokeswoman Cmdr. Kathleen Kessler said , but the U.S. expects to incur another $ 40 million in costs over the next three weeks . After the transition to NATO control is complete , the Pentagon expects the cost of the U.S. support operation to drop significantly , costing $ 40 million per each subsequent month . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report	But no evidence of major presence , official says He sees "  more than reasonable " chance Gadhafi will leave power
CNN  -- Jaycee Dugard will testify against the couple that allegedly held her captive in an elaborate compound hidden in their backyard for 18 years if there is a trial , a lawyer for her family said at a news conference Thursday . This photo of Jaycee Dugard was taken at the 1991 Rose Bowl parade . She was abducted later that year . Attorney McGregor Scott admitted it has been a difficult transition for Dugard and her two children -- who police say were fathered by her captor -- given her captivity spanned more than half her life and was the only world she knew for so long . "  But there is no question that she knows that terrible and wrong things were done to her and that those people must be held accountable , " Scott said . Scott said he had no idea when a trial would be set for Phillip and Nancy Garrido , who have both pleaded not guilty to charges relating to Dugard 's alleged kidnapping and subsequent abuse . He acknowledged Dugard would have to relive the "  trauma " in court by sharing the "  very , very sordid tale . " Scott also said that because of Phillip Garrido 's previous criminal history , which includes a kidnapping and rape charge for which he was registered as a sex offender , Garrido would automatically receive a sentence of 25 years to life if he were found guilty on only one felony charge . But Scott said the family is trying not to focus on any of that and instead work on building a new life together . He said he had met with Dugard and her family twice for a couple of hours and was happy to see "  how well they had been doing . " "  Even more encouraging was the second time I met with them , I saw progress , " he said . "  I 'm just very pleasantly surprised watching the dynamics , and I think it 's a very positive thing going forward . " Scott said Dugard 's daughters , who police said never went to school or a doctor , were receiving tutoring . Dugard has been participating and observing . "  This is a woman whose -LSB- own -RSB- formal education ended in the fifth grade , " he said . "  She has a brain that she wants to develop , so it 's a very positive thing . " The family received medical attention and counseling beginning the day Dugard and her children were discovered , Scott said . He also said they had received donations of more than $ 100,000 from the public , which would help the girls as they get older . He praised law enforcement and family members for helping protect Dugard and her children after her discovery . " -LSB- They are -RSB- very guarded in allowing the girls access to TV news , Internet , etc. , " he said . "  Because they 're being a mother , a grandmother , protecting the girls from too much information too early . " He said he knows there is a curiosity about where the family is , but pleaded that the public and the media give the family time to heal . More than anything , Scott said , Dugard 's family is working to make life as normal as possible and allow them to make up for lost time . "  To watch the interaction between Jaycee and her mother ... after 18 years is remarkable , " Scott said . "  The emotions there , I think they 're still wrestling with all of that but I think they 're making great progress . "	Lawyer : Jaycee Dugard "  knows that terrible and wrong things were done to her " Lawyer says Dugard , daughters and family progressing well since she was found Dugard daughters receive tutoring , counseling and medical attention Family has gotten donations of more than $ 100,000 from the public
Havana  CNN  -- Cuba denied on Monday that the recent death of a dissident was caused by a police beating and accused "  counterrevolutionaries " and the foreign media of "  fabricating lies . " Juan Wilfredo Soto died in a hospital on Sunday in the central city of Santa Clara . He had been detained by police three days earlier . Fellow dissidents accused police of beating him and causing his death . The Arnaldo Milian Hospital said he had died of pancreatitis . The state-run , Spanish-language website www.cubadebate.cu repeated those claims in an article posted on Monday night titled "  A press release from the Cuban government : Cuba denies the campaign about the death of Juan Wilfredo Soto Garcia . " According to the article , Soto died a "  natural death " brought on by an "  acute pancreatitis . " "  There were no internal or external signs of violence , " the article said . According to Lizet Zamora , an anti-government activist also from Santa Clara , the police are to blame . "  We know his death was caused by the police beating , " she told CNN by telephone . Zamora attended Soto 's funeral . According to Zamora and other dissidents , Soto was detained by police on Thursday and was beaten in public view in a park when he tried to resist arrest . She said she saw a cell phone recording of the beating . The state-run website confirmed that Soto had been detained , but said he was released "  three hours later without any incident whatsoever . " Soto was not well-known outside of Santa Clara , but according to Zamora , he was active within the dissident community there . His funeral was held on Sunday . The article accused the foreign media , "  fundamentally from Europe and the United States , " of amplifying lies told by dissidents . "  External and internal enemies try to distort the Cuban reality and undermine the international prestige of the Revolution and its moral strength , " the article concluded .	Juan Wilfredo Soto died in a hospital on Sunday in central Cuban city of Santa Clara State-run website says Soto was detained , but released three hours later without incident Fellow dissidents say Soto was beaten by police , who caused his death Arnaldo Milian Hospital said he had died of pancreatitis
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel closed on his third straight F1 world title with a dominant drive to win the Indian Grand Prix for Red Bull Sunday . The 25-year-old German was claiming his fourth consecutive victory in this year 's championship and the 26th of his career . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso showed his famed fighting qualities to take second place , limiting his losses in the title race , but he still trails Vettel by 13 points with three races to go . Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber held off a fast finishing Lewis Hamilton in the McLaren for third place . But all the focus was on the leading pair and Vettel is fully aware that his main rival will still be a factor in the concluding races . "  Yes , maybe I have one hand on the trophy , if you say so , but on the other side , I think Fernando has one hand on it too ! " he told the official post-race media conference . "  It is not easy to fight Red Bull but we will never give up , " said Spain 's Alonso . "  We lost points , but this is what we expected this weekend as we are not fast enough , but we lost minimum points and there will be better races to come , " he added . Vettel took control of the race from pole at the Buddh International Circuit , while Alonso worked his way from fifth on the grid to third in the early stages as he moved past the McLaren pair of Hamilton and Jenson Button . Alonso was able to take advantage of late technical problems for Webber to overtake the Australian for second place , but was still nearly 10 seconds adrift of Vettel by the finish . Button drove a solid race for fifth , with Felipe Massa in sixth in the second Ferrari ahead of Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus . Nico Hulkenberg of Force India , Romain Grosjean in the second Lotus and Bruno Senna for Williams rounded out the points scoring . Vettel has 240 points with Alonso on 227 with Raikkonen a distant third on 173 . Vettel has helped Red Bull to a massive 91 point lead in the constructors ' title race from Ferrari , with McLaren a further 10 points adrift .	Sebastian Vettel wins Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi Fourth straight victory for reigning two-time champion Fernando Alonso finishes second to trail Vettel by 13 points in title race Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in third
CNN  -- The former Army staff sergeant who was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama Monday is declining the first lady 's invitation to be her guest at Tuesday 's State of the Union address . Clint Romesha , who was awarded the prestigious medal for uncommon valor in Afghanistan , told CNN that he has decided to spend the evening with friends from his former unit , Black Knight Troop , 3-61 CAV , his wife Tammy -- with whom he celebrates a wedding anniversary Tuesday -- and their families . "  It 's such a great honor to be invited to the State of the Union , " Romesha , 31 , told CNN . "  I really feel bad about not being able to go . But a lot of these guys I have n't seen a really long time and I 'd like to hang with them just a little bit more . " Romesha said he also wants "  to be there with the family , especially on the 13th wedding anniversary of me and Tammy , " his high school sweetheart . "  I 've done some soul searching , " he said . "  As much as a great honor it would be to be a guest of the first lady , it 's also kind of hard to break away from the friends and the family and all the great guys here " from Black Knight Troop , who have come to Washington for the Medal of Honor events . "  I just need to spend a little more time with them . " Opinion : Clint Romesha , the bravest of the brave Romesha has always been a reluctant hero , uncomfortable in the spotlight and eager to share credit with his fellow troops . After the ceremony Monday , Romesha briefly spoke to reporters on the White House grounds , where he was overcome with emotion . "  I stand here with mixed emotions of both joy and sadness for me today , " he said . "  I do n't think I 'm much different than Medal of Honor recipients Sergeant First Class Petry and former Staff Sergeant Giunta and feeling conflicted with this medal I now wear . But joy comes from recognition for us doing our jobs as soldiers on distant battlefields , but is countered by the constant reminder of the loss of our battle buddies , my battle buddies , my soldiers , my friends . " Romesha said he accepted "  this tremendous honor on behalf of all soldiers who have served with me that day . " "  This award is for the eight soldiers that did n't make it and for the rest of the team that fought valiantly and magnificently that day . I will forever be humbled by their bravery , their commitment to service and their loyalty to one another . " Excerpt : ` The Outpost '	Clint Romesha was invited by the first lady to attend the State of the Union speech He said it was an honor , but he wants to spend the evening with former Army buddies It 's also his 13th wedding anniversary , Romesha says He was awarded the Medal of Honor Monday by the president
John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . One final 2014 showdown and several examples of post-election fallout filled a trip around the "  Inside Politics " table that -- surprise -- included one note of possible bipartisan compromise . 1 . The battle of the bayou appears one-sided The December 6 Louisiana Senate runoff is the last 2014 showdown and , at least so far , it appears to be a lopsided affair . GOP Rep. Bill Cassidy leads in the polls , and even most Democrats assign little or no hope to their incumbent , Sen. Mary Landrieu . The Atlantic 's Molly Ball noted how both candidates are using the "  lame-duck " Congress to highlight their support for the Keystone XL pipeline . And she noted some details -- "  facts on the ground " a good military analyst might say -- that suggest Cassidy has a huge advantage . "  The tea party candidate who came in third endorsed Cassidy ,  Landrieu is  thought to be down by double digits and 90 % of the advertising on the Louisiana air waves is in favor of Cassidy , " said Ball . "  So unless we see a big change in the dynamic in the Louisiana race as a result of the Keystone vote , Mary Landrieu has a real tough fight . " 2 . Leader Pelosi tries to help a friend , and irks some colleagues Many long-serving House Democrats are lamenting at least two more years in the minority -- which means a lot less power and fewer perks . So being a "  ranking member " -- the top Democrat -- on a committee is , for the moment , the top prize available . Normally , seniority and past committee service are the criteria for these titles , but sometimes there are competitions , and in that case who you know can matter . Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post took us inside one such battle , in which Nancy Pelosi has a starring role . "  There 's sort of a proxy battle for the top Democratic job on the House Energy and Commerce Committee , " said O'Keefe . "  It pits New Jersey Democrat Frank Pallone , who has seniority , against California Democrat Anna Eshoo , who 's a very good friend of Pelosi . She 's been actively campaigning for Eshoo , twisting some arms , refusing to allow people to vote by proxy from a distance if they 're unable to be here , generating a lot of bad blood and a few different rank-and-file members said this is just a little too high school for them . " 3 . Wait , there might actually be some Obama dealmaking ? Peter Baker of The New York Times shared reporting that President Obama is prepared to make a deal , so that he wins Senate confirmation for a number of administration appointees . The goal : votes to get ambassadors and other appointees on the job , eliminating vacancies the White House says have undermined government performance . The price : Baker reports that to get enough senators in both parties to sign off on the package , the President is prepared to withdraw several controversial nominees . "  President Obama has a lot of nominations still sitting there , languishing on the Hill , " said Baker . "  He 's working with Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell to get a package deal through , pushing a bunch through , mostly career ambassadors , and tossing over to the side some of the more controversial ones , like nominee for surgeon general and that guy who wants to be ambassador to Norway , which is never busy . " 4 . Talk of undusting Obama 's veto pen A good deal of post-election analysis has raised the prospect of President Obama wielding his veto power more now that Republicans control both chambers of Congress . But will that happen ? Will the GOP , for example , be able to get enough votes in the Senate to join the House in voting to repeal Obamacare ? Or to pass anything big for that matter ? NPR 's Tamara Keith suggested there might be a lot more talk about vetoes than actual use of the veto pen . "  He 's only used it twice in his entire presidency , " said Keith . "  The first big test is coming up this week with the Keystone XL pipeline vote . The word is there are 59 votes and some optimism that maybe they 'll get to 60 but maybe not . My question is how soon will he really have to use that veto pen and how frequently , given the close balance in the Senate . " 5 . In New Hampshire , a big GOP win sparks a Republican fight New Hampshire Republicans lost races for governor and U.S. Senate this midterm year , but are celebrating their success in retaking control of the state House chamber . Well , celebrating and fighting at the same time . A former GOP speaker , Bill O'Brien , wants his old job back . But an array of Republican establishment figures are pushing an alternative candidate , arguing O'Brien is too conservative and , in their view , likely to hurt the GOP 's image by pushing policies backed by the tea party and social conservatives . Among those trying to block O'Brien : former Gov. John Sununu , former state GOP Chairman Steve Merrill and Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte . The buzz in Concord is about how rare it is for a U.S. senator to meddle in state legislative business . But those close to Ayotte say she and the others involved see this as a tea party vs. establishment battle they must fight . Ayotte is up for re-election in 2016 , a presidential year in which the electorate tends to be more favorable to Democrats . So Ayotte does not want two years of home state political debate about whether the New Hampshire GOP is too extreme . Especially because the new House speaker would be regularly engaged in debates with Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan -- who just won re-election and is the early choice of many state Democrats as their best Ayotte challenger .	90 % of advertising in the Louisiana Senate race is in favor of Cassidy Testing Pelosi 's power in a House Energy and Commerce leadership battle Obama possibly jettisoning more controversial picks to get a nominees deal
CNN  -- Either Mitt Romney got really popular last weekend , or something funky was going on with his Twitter feed . The Republican presidential nominee 's account on the site , which had been gaining followers at a clip of about 3,000 to 4,000 a day , appears to have gained more than 116,000 followers Friday and another 24,000 on Saturday . That 's according to Twitter Counter , an online tool that charts the number of followers that Twitter accounts have over time . Other tools show slightly different numbers and space the gains out differently over a three-day period . The spike was noticed by Zach Green , who runs 140elect . com , which monitors social-media activity in politics . He charted the growth as 23,926 new followers on Friday , 93,054 on Saturday and 25,432 more on Sunday . With political campaigns increasingly using social media as a tool to communicate with supporters , a strong presence on sites like Facebook and Twitter is regarded as a measure of relevance . As such , some politicians have been accused of using tricks to artificially inflate their online presence . For example , Romney 's opponent in the primaries , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , was dinged by a report that as few as 8 % of his 1.3 million Twitter followers were real . The rest were drummed up by a program that creates fake accounts to swell someone 's follower ranks , the report said .  The campaign denied it . Romney had about 807,000 followers Tuesday morning , up from about 670,000 four days ago . The Romney campaign says it had nothing to do with the spike in the former Massachusetts governor 's follower list . "  We have reached out to Twitter to find out additional information regarding the rapid growth , " campaign spokesman Zac Moffat told BuzzFeed . The campaign did not immediately respond to CNN 's message seeking comment for this story . Green told Mashable , a CNN content partner , that someone else may have added fake followers in an effort to embarrass the Romney campaign . He said the new followers do n't appear to come from any legitimate increase in popularity . Green 's analytics did n't show any increase in Twitter mentions , retweets or other signs that typically would accompany organic growth on the site , he said . Several online services offer clients the chance to "  buy " Twitter followers , although their sites are vague about where the followers come from or how they are acquired . One such service , BuyTwitterFollow , promises to supply 25,000 new followers for a fee of $ 225 . Even with the bump , Romney remains far behind President Barack Obama on Twitter . Obama has about 17.8 million Twitter followers -- and , it should be noted , the built-in advantage of having been president of the United States for the past 3Â 1/2 years .	Mitt Romney sees a large increase in the number of his followers on Twitter The Republican 's account gained more than 140,000 followers in just two days The campaign denies gaming the numbers , which some say appear artificial Analyst says spike could have been faked to embarrass Romney
CNN  -- In 1907 , Congress banned corporate contributions to federal candidates in the wake of the robber baron-era scandals . In 1947 , the ban was formally applied to corporate expenditures and extended to cover labor unions . In 1974 , Congress enacted limits on individual contributions to federal candidates and political committees in the wake of the Watergate scandal . In 2010 , the U.S. Supreme Court in the Citizens United case declared the corporate expenditure ban unconstitutional , holding that independent expenditures could not be constitutionally limited in federal elections , and implicitly that corporations could give unlimited amounts to other groups to spend , as long as the expenditures were made independently from the supported candidate . Subsequently , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in the SpeechNow case held that the limits on individual contributions to groups that made independent expenditures were unconstitutional . Thus was born the super PAC . And thus was born the national campaign finance scandals that are unfolding daily in the 2012 elections . Super PACs are federally registered political action committees that raise unlimited contributions from the super rich , corporations , labor unions and other entities and spend these funds to make "  independent " expenditures in federal elections . They are an unmitigated disaster for the American people . A recent study by Demos and the U.S. Public Interest Group found that , as Politico reported , "  Super PACs raised about $ 181 million in the last two years -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people . " The study also found that 93 % of the itemized contributions raised by super PACs came in contributions of $ 10,000 or more , with more than half of this money coming from just 37 people who each gave $ 500,000 or more . Super PACs are a game for millionaires and billionaires . They are a game for corporations and other wealthy interests . Meanwhile , citizens are pushed to the sidelines to watch the corruption of our democracy . In the 2012 presidential election , an even more insidious version of the super PAC was born -- the candidate-specific super PAC . Every significant presidential campaign has had a super PAC -- created and run by close associates of the candidate -- that raises unlimited contributions to spend only to support that presidential candidate . Presidential candidate-specific super PACs are simply vehicles for the presidential candidates and their supporters to circumvent the limits on contributions to candidates enacted to prevent corruption . Most of the super PAC money has been spent on attack ads . We already have seen Sheldon Adelson and his wife give $ 10 million to the presidential super PAC supporting Newt Gingrich . One couple ! $ 10 million ! The claim that these presidential super PACs are operating "  independently " from the presidential candidates , as is required by law , is absurd and has no credibility . Last week , President Barack Obama reversed course and agreed to send Cabinet members , White House staff and campaign officials to speak at and participate in fundraising events for Priorities USA Action , the allegedly "  independent " super PAC supporting Obama 's re-election . Days later , Mitt Romney 's campaign announced that senior Romney campaign aides would do the same and appear and speak at fundraising events for Restore Our Future , Romney 's allegedly "  independent " super PAC . Sound independent ? According to the Supreme Court 's view , a corporation that spends $ 30 million to elect a senator will not be able to buy corrupting influence over the senator 's positions because the corporation has not "  coordinated " its expenditures with the senator . Democracy 21 believes these super PACs are indeed engaging in illegally coordinated activities and is requesting the Justice Department to investigate . Super PACs corrupt our political system in two ways . First , super PACs allow a relatively few super-rich individuals and other wealthy interests to have greatly magnified and undue influence over the results of our elections . Second , super PACs allow the super rich and wealthy interests to buy influence over government decisions , in the event the candidate wins . The Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case that unleashed this is built entirely on a fiction : that "  independent " expenditures by corporations can not have a corrupting influence on federal officeholders . This is fantasy , not reality . Important steps can and must be taken to deal with candidate-specific super PACs within the boundaries of the destructive Citizens United decision . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , has introduced the DISCLOSE 2012 Act to close gaping loopholes in the disclosure laws . It requires super PACs immediately to disclose their donors and campaign expenditures , and requires the PACs ' top five donors , and the amounts they gave , to be listed on each of their ads . This legislation is essential to inform citizens about who is providing the money to influence their votes . In addition , Democracy 21 is preparing legislation to shut down super PACs that are closely tied to the candidate they are supporting . The legislation would treat these super PACs legally as arms of the candidate 's campaign and subject to the contribution limits that apply to the candidate . Five Supreme Court justices have done enormous damage to our country with one of the worst decisions in the history of the court . This will not be allowed to stand . Citizens will rise up to demand and achieve fundamental reforms , as we have before when threatened with the systemic corruption of our government and officeholders . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fred Wertheimer .	Super PACs get unlimited funds from super rich , corporations , unions to spend in elections Fred Wertheimer : Super PACs reportedly raised $ 181 million in two years , half from 200 people Super PACs push citizens to sidelines , he says , by buying a candidate 's election Super PACs must be required to disclose donors and expenditures , Wertheimer says
CNN  -- Complaints of itchy , irritated wrists have prompted Fitbit to voluntarily recall all of its Fitbit Force wristband activity trackers . About 1.7 % of Force users reported cases of skin rashes after wearing the devices , Fitbit CEO James Park said in a letter to customers on Friday afternoon . The cause of the irritation , which is assumed to be allergic contact dermatitis , is either the nickel that 's in the stainless steel part of the device , or adhesives or other materials used in the strap . The $ 130 Force wearable pedometer was released at the end of 2013 and is the most recent product from the fitness hardware company . The Force is a silicon wristband with a small display and sensors for measuring motion . It tracks the wearer 's number of steps , calories burned , distance traveled , and sleep patterns and syncs the information to a computer or smartphone . "  On behalf of the entire Fitbit team , I want to apologize to anyone affected , " Park said . "  From the beginning , we have taken this matter very seriously . " The company first acknowledged the complaints last month and said that anyone who experienced skin irritation could return their device for a full refund or a replacement tracker . Since then , the company has conducted a more complete investigation of the devices and ruled out any problems with the electrical or hardware elements . Any Force owners interested in returning their wristbands for a full refund can fill out a form on the Fitbit website or call the company 's customer service center . They 'll receive a kit to mail the Force back to the company and should receive a refund check in two to six weeks . This is not the first time a wearable fitness device has run into quality issues . In 2012 , Jawbone offered full refunds to customers who purchased its buggy UP wristband activity tracker . Fitbit still sells its other popular trackers , including the older Flex wristband and wearable trackers that clip onto clothes . The company also has plans for future replacement products . "  Rest assured we 're working on our next-generation tracker and will announce news about it soon , " Park said .	Fitbit is voluntarily recalling its Fitbit Force activity tracking wristbands Some users reported itchy , irritated skin from wearing the devices The company says the contact dermatitis is likely caused by nickle , adhesives or other materials
CNN  -- Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba has been pictured for the first time since collapsing on the pitch with a cardiac arrrest during his side 's FA Cup quarterfinal match against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on March 17 . Muamba is shown smiling and sitting up on his bed at the London Chest Hospital where he is recovering from his ordeal . The photograph was posted Friday on the Twitter account of his girlfriend Shauna . "  Fab wanted me to post this pic for you all and to also say thank you for such overwhelming support , " read the message with the picture . The 23-year-old is wearing a T-shirt and hooded top , but is in a room full of medical equipment . Muamba collapsed during the first half of the game at Tottenham , being stretchered off while horrified players and fans watched on . It was also being shown on television . The match was abandoned , with Tottenham winning the replayed tie 3-1 earlier this week . It was later revealed Muamba 's heart had stopped for 78 minutes while desperate , but in the end successful , attempts were made to resuscitate him . Meanwhile , English Premier League side Aston Villa said Friday that their captain , Stiliyan Petrov , has been diagnosed with acute leukaemia . The 32-year-old Bulgarian international midfielder had undergone medical tests after going down with a fever following Villa 's 3-0 defeat to Arsenal last Saturday . "  We expect to learn more about Stiliyan 's situation in due course and we have moved quickly to support him and his family , " the statement on the club 's official website said . "  During this time we ask that Stiliyan 's privacy is placed ahead of all inquiries and trust that we will share information as we receive it . "  Stiliyan is cherished by many and he will get from Villa every ounce of love and support that we have to help bring this to a positive conclusion . " Petrov , who has been capped 105 times by Bulgaria , joined Aston Villa in 2006 after spending seven years with Scottish giants Celtic where he was a big crowd favorite and helped them to four championship titles . "  We are all absolutely devastated to hear this news . As a member of the Celtic family , it is important for Stiliyan to know that he has our unequivocal support in battling against this disease , " manager Neil Lennon said in a statement on the club 's official website .	Fabrice Muamba releases photo of himself in London hospital Muamba recovering after suffering heart attack in English FA Cup tie Bolton midfielder is pictured sitting up and smiling Aston Villa star Stiliyan Petrov diagnosed with acute leukaemia
CNN  -- While Rafael Nadal climbed into the crowd to hug his friends and family after clinching a record seventh French Open title on Monday , Novak Djokovic sat disconsolate at the side of the court . The world No. 1 's bid to become the first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slams had come to a disappointing end -- with a double-fault . One of the most anticipated finals in recent tennis history was largely sabotaged by wet weather , which meant the match was held over from Sunday for only the second time . Second-ranked Nadal had been quickest out of the blocks after the resumption of play , breaking Djokovic 's serve immediately , and even another downpour could not stop the Spaniard sealing a 6-4 6-3 2-6 7-5 victory as he won six of the nine games played . It took the 26-year-old past Bjorn Borg 's mark of six successes at the clay-court major and extended his winning record at the tournament to 52-1 . He has now joined the legendary Swede on 11 grand slam titles overall , along with Australian Rod Laver -- who was the last man to hold all four major titles at one time . They trail another Australian , Roy Emerson , on 12 , American Pete Sampras on 14 and Roger Federer -- beaten by Djokovic in Friday 's semifinals -- on 16 . "  It 's an honor but the most important thing is this tournament . It 's unforgettable , one of the most special moments in my career , " Nadal said . "  It was a privilege to play against one of the best players in the world . " Djokovic , who lost in the semifinals last year , was left on five grand slams . He has won the Australian Open three times , including a record-breaking near six-hour final against Nadal in January , plus last year 's Wimbledon and U.S. Open tournaments . "  I feel really privileged to be in this position , being in the final at Roland Garros for the first time , " the 25-year-old said . "  The playing conditions were not good . But it 's not anybody 's fault , and it 's not the reason why I lost today . "  He is definitely the best player in history on this surface , and results are showing that he is one of the best players that ever played this game , and he is only 26 years old . Hopefully we can have many more battles . " The tennis season now moves onto grass ahead of the next grand slam , Wimbledon , which starts in London on June 25 . The Olympic tournament will also be held in the British capital .	Rafael Nadal moves past Bjorn Borg with record seventh Paris crown Spaniard wins six of nine games played as final is resumed after Sunday 's rain delay World No. 1 Novak Djokovic had been seeking to make his own history Serbian was trying to hold all four majors , which had not been done for 43 years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Rick Renzi has been indicted on charges he promised to support legislation in exchange for a land deal that netted the Arizona Republican more than $ 700,000 , the Justice Department said Friday . In a 35-count indictment unsealed early Friday , Renzi , 49 , is charged with conspiracy , wire fraud , money laundering , extortion and insurance fraud . Also named in the indictment is Renzi 's former business partner and real estate investor , James W. Sandlin , 56 , of Sherman , Texas , and Andrew Beardall , 36 , of Rockville , Maryland . Renzi 's attorneys , Reid Weingarten and Kelly Kramer , denied their client had done anything wrong . "  We will fight these charges until he is vindicated and his family 's name is restored , " the attorneys said in a statement . The attorneys said their client had buried his father , Eugene Renzi , at Arlington National Cemetery on Thursday . "  We are disappointed that the Department of Justice would not allow a decent amount of time to pass to allow a son to mourn the passing of his father , " the statement said . At a news conference in Phoenix , Arizona , prosecutors said Renzi conspired with Sandlin to conduct a land swap in exchange for the congressman 's push to get a House committee 's approval for the deal . Federal prosecutors said Renzi received $ 733,000 in the deal but did not disclose the income to Congress in his 2005 financial disclosure statement . U.S. Attorney Diane Humetewa said that Renzi "  used his official authority as a United States representative " to ensure that the 2005 federal land exchange included land owned by Sandlin . Another goal of the conspiracy was to conceal that Renzi received a portion of the proceeds from the deal , according to the indictment . Renzi was having financial difficulty in 2005 and "  needed a substantial infusion of funds to keep his insurance business solvent and maintain his personal lifestyle , " the indictment said . The 26-page indictment outlines a series of transactions involving Renzi and Sandlin , who were co-owners of Fountain Realty and Development , until Renzi ran for a seat in Congress and sold his share of the company to Sandlin . Sandlin bought out Renzi 's interest for $ 200,000 and a note for $ 800,000 , according to a statement from the Justice Department . In 2005 , when Sandlin still owed him $ 700,000 on the note , "  Renzi insisted that two separate entities doing business in Arizona purchase Sandlin 's property in exchange for his support on land exchange legislation , " authorities said . Renzi and Beardall are charged with insurance fraud , accused of embezzling more than $ 400,000 in insurance premiums from the trust account of the Patriot Insurance Agency , a business owned by the Renzi family in Santa Cruz County , Arizona , to fund his congressional campaign in 2001 and 2002 . They 're also accused of making false statements to influence state regulatory investigations , a statement said . "  There were concealment efforts , misrepresentations and fraudulent statements made , " Humetewa said . If convicted , Renzi could face up to 20 years in prison for wire fraud and extortion and 20 years in prison for conspiracy to commit money laundering and concealing money laundering as well as lesser sentences for convictions on the other counts , prosecutors said . Renzi and the other defendants will be served summonses to appear in U.S. Magistrate Court in Tucson , Arizona , for an arraignment March 6 , Humetewa said . Renzi has been under an ethical cloud since the FBI raided a family business last year . The FBI said it was investigating whether the congressman had used his office for personal gain . He stepped down from the House Intelligence Committee in April after the raid . Renzi , a three-term member of the House , announced in August that he would not seek re-election . He represents Arizona 's 1st Congressional District . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Terry Frieden and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Rick Renzi received $ 733,000 from land deal , indictment says NEW : Renzi 's attorneys say their client has done nothing wrong and will fight charges Indictment says Arizona Republican pushed land swap benefiting former partner The 35-count indictment names Renzi , two other businessmen as defendants
CNN  -- A Florida man admitted to reporters that he killed his wife and five "  innocent " children , adding that he wants to be executed "  right away " so he can be buried with them on Saturday . Mesac Damas spoke with reporters in Haiti , saying a "  spirit " drove him to kill his wife and children . Mesac Damas , 32 , said he wanted to take his own life , but did not have the courage to go through with it , "  because if you kill yourself , you 're not going to heaven . " Damas made the statements to a Naples Daily News reporter as he was being led into a Haitian police vehicle in Port-au-Prince . Damas was returned to the United States late Tuesday following his capture in Haiti . Damas faces six counts of premeditated first-degree murder in the deaths of his wife , Guerline Damas , 32 ; and the couple 's five children -- Michzach , 9 ; Marven , 6 ; Maven , 5 ; Megan , 3 ; and Morgan , 11 months , police have said . The six bodies were found Saturday in the family 's North Naples , Florida , home after relatives called police saying they had not been heard from . Asked by the reporter in Haiti why he killed his family , Damas responded , "  Only God knows . " Questioned further , he blamed the crime on his mother-in-law . "  Her mom pretty much made me do it -- the devil , her spirit , whatever she worships , " he said . Watch what Damas has to say " Damas added , "  When I did it , -LSB- my -RSB- eyes -LSB- were -RSB- closed but right now my eyes are open . " He repeatedly asked the reporter , "  Do you believe in Jesus Christ , " and stated , "  The devil exists . " Police said an arrest warrant was issued for Damas on Tuesday "  based on information and evidence collected thus far in the investigation and statements made by Damas to a federal agent after his detention in Haiti . " Police have not said how the five were killed , but Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk described the scene as "  horrific . " The Naples Daily News , citing the warrant , reported that the woman and children were stabbed and their throats were slashed . Damas had used a one-way ticket to fly from Miami to Haiti . Later , he told reporters that he had gone to Haiti to say goodbye to his family . He claimed that he had planned to turn himself in . Police had asked the FBI and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for help in locating Damas . The FBI 's legal attaché in the Dominican Republic notified authorities in Collier County , Florida , that a man believed to be Damas was taken into custody Monday by the Haitian National Police . "  Information obtained by -LSB- the sheriff 's office -RSB- shows Damas was found hiding near a hotel in the capital city of Port-au-Prince , " a sheriff 's statement said Tuesday . Watch In Session 's report on Damas ' detention in Haiti " Police earlier said the judge who signed the arrest warrant ordered that Damas be held without bond upon his return to Florida . If convicted of six counts of first-degree murder , Damas could face life in prison or the death penalty . Mesac and Guerline Damas had a history of domestic violence , police said . Mesac Damas was arrested in January , and in June he pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery charges against his wife . Police said they did not believe he served any jail time , and did not think a restraining order was currently in place regarding the couple . However , an arrest warrant was issued Monday for Damas on charges of violating probation stemming from the January arrest . Guerline Damas ' family released a statement Tuesday through the sheriff 's office , saying she was "  the best mother , sister and daughter in the world . She was caring and loving , and we miss her very much . " "  This is a family tragedy and we want the community to realize that domestic violence is a serious issue , " said the statement from the family . "  If you have friends or family who are in an abusive relationship , please try to get them help . And to those women who are being abused , please love yourself enough to get help . " The family said its main concern was getting Damas back into the country "  to face what he has done and get justice for our sister and daughter and her children . ... We ask that you keep our family in your prayers . " The Damases had been married about 10 years , Rambosk said . He did not know how long they had lived in Naples . The six bodies were found about 6:30 p.m. Saturday , a day after police had visited the home to check on the family , Collier County sheriff 's Capt. Chris Roberts said . A family member had asked police to conduct a welfare check on the home Friday , saying they had not heard from a resident there , Roberts said . Responding officers knocked on the door and got no answer , he said , but they saw nothing that aroused their suspicions . The following morning , the family member became more concerned and filed a missing persons report , Rambosk said . Later , authorities requested a key to the house from property management , as well as authorization to enter .	NEW : Warrant indicated victims were stabbed , throats slashed , paper reports NEW : Mesac Damas admits killings , tells reporter he wants to be executed NEW : He blames the crime on his mother-in-law 's "  spirit " Damas , 32 , faces murder charges in the deaths of his wife and five children
London  CNN  -- Two men have been charged with endangering an aircraft , police in Britain said Sunday . An altercation they were allegedly involved in caused a flight from Pakistan to the UK to be diverted Friday . A UK fighter jet was scrambled to escort Pakistan International Airlines Flight PK709 as it was diverted from northwestern England 's Manchester Airport to Stansted airport near London . Essex police , who cover the area near Stansted , said officers arrested Tayyab Subhani , 30 , and Mohammed Safdar , 41 , and removed them from the plane , which had 297 passengers aboard . The flight originated in Lahore . The men are to appear in court Monday . Wajid Hasan , Pakistan 's high commissioner to the United Kingdom , told CNN that the two passengers "  got into an altercation with air stewardesses and threatened to blow up the plane . " The flight attendants contacted the pilot , who contacted UK air traffic control authorities , who then scrambled the fighter jet , he said . The plane later continued on to Manchester from Stansted after all the passengers and cargo were screened , a process that took about four hours , according to the high commissioner 's office . Passengers arriving at Stansted told CNN they were delayed by what several called a "  terrorist scare . " Police have not mentioned terrorism in connection with the incident . Runways reopen after emergency landing at London Heathrow Airport CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London , where Nic Robertson also reported , and Shaan Khan reported in Islamabad . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Claudia Rebaza , Per Nyberg , and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	An altercation on board caused a plane from Pakistan to the UK to be diverted Two passengers "  threatened to blow up the plane , " Pakistan 's high commissioner says Two men were arrested and removed from the diverted aircraft , Essex police say The Pakistan International Airlines flight to Manchester was diverted to Stansted
CNN  -- Around 1,000 people accused of being witches in Gambia have been locked up in secret detention centers and forced to drink a dangerous hallucinogenic potion , according to human rights organization Amnesty International . Amnesty claims Gambian President Yahya Jammeh , pictured in 2006 , invited "  witch doctors " to the West African nation . At least two people have died after drinking the liquid while many more have suffered serious kidney problems . Others suffered injuries as a result of being severely beaten , Amnesty said Wednesday as it called on authorities to "  put an immediate stop to the witch-hunting campaign . " Amnesty claimed Gambian President Yahya Jammeh had invited "  witch doctors " -- believed to be from neighboring Guinea -- to the West African nation following the death of his aunt . Jammeh , a former soldier who has ruled Gambia since leading a military coup in 1994 , is reported to believe that witchcraft was involved in her death , according to Amnesty . CNN contacted State House , the presidential residence in the Gambian capital , Banjul , but no-one was available to comment . "  I have no information , " a woman told CNN . Victims and their relatives tell Amnesty that "  witch doctors " accompanied by police , soldiers and security forces have been visiting villages and seizing people accused of being witches by force and at gunpoint . Members of Jammeh 's personal guard , known as "  green boys , " are also alleged to have taken part in the campaign . In the most recent incident on March 9 , 300 people from the village of Sintet were forced to go to a farm owned by Jammehk , Amnesty said . One of those seized said he had been held for five days and forced to drink "  dirty water " containing poisonous herbs which caused instant diarrhoea and vomiting . "  I experienced and witnessed such abuse and humiliation . I can not believe that this type of treatment is taking place in Gambia . It is from the dark ages , " the victim told Amnesty . Hundreds of Gambians have also fled to neighboring Senegal following attacks on their villages , according to Amnesty . It also said it was concerned that a prominent opposition lawmaker , Halifa Sallah , who was arrested earlier this month after investigating the witchcraft claims for a newspaper , could be at risk of being tortured while in custody . Halifa , a former presidential candidate , heads the People 's Democratic Organization of Independence and Socialism and is minority leader in Gambia 's national assembly .	Amnesty International : 1,000 seized in Gambia in "  witch-hunt " campaign Victims forced to drink dangerous hallucinogenic potion ; at least two have died Amnesty says Gambian President Yahya Jammeh is behind the campaign Jammeh reportedly believes witchcraft involved in aunt 's death , Amnesty says
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- It 's very rarely African cities get compared with their flashy European counterparts , yet , when it comes to cost of living Lagos is n't just competing with its neighbors in Europe -- it 's beating them . Hotel rooms in Lagos , now the 30th most expensive city in the world , now cost hundreds of dollars a night . Nigeria 's coastal economic and financial capital is the shock entry in the top 50 cities of this year 's Mercer Cost of Living survey . The vibrant home to almost eight million Nigerians beat off the likes of Barcelona , Berlin and Brussels , and even U.S. locations such as Washington and Los Angeles -- to be rated the 30th most expensive city in the world . Its streets are now home to BMWs , its waterways play host to multi-million dollar super-yachts , and its hotel rooms fetch hundreds of dollars per night . Yes , if the Mercer survey is anything to go by this is an economic "  boom-town . " But , how can a city from such a notoriously poverty-stricken region of the world rise to join this list of riches ? The answer : a mix of democracy , private investment and tourism -- according to Lagos governor , Babatunde Fashola . Part of the city 's current level of development undoubtedly rests with the growth achieved during the oil boom of the 1970s , which saw a population explosion and unrestrained economic growth . But Fashola believes there are number of contemporary factors pushing the seventh fastest growing metropolis in the world forwards into a "  truly international city . " There is a wealth of local resources which has helped the region grow , and now private sector business is becoming the major driver to financial success . "  The government is trying to engage with the private sector . It 's about engaging in partnerships with the private sector -- partnerships that other countries have used successfully for a long time . "  I think -LSB- Lagos is -RSB- beginning to take its rightful place in the community of top international cities . " Fashola believes the democratic climate in Nigeria has helped the Lagos region develop by offering new-found freedom to local governments , private investors , and other independent groups . "  There 's no perfect democracy . But , if you look at where we came from almost nine years ago , when you could n't criticize government , we are better off today . Elected officials can now be held to account . " He said that the environment allowed for more robust planning between the government , individuals and the wider public . Independent investors are helping improve local services by investing in private hospitals and schools , but Fashola admits there is still plenty of work to be done , with infrastructure still not up to the standards of other major cities around the world . "  These other cities like New York have reliable and efficient power supply 24 hours a day . We still do not have that in Lagos . " He told CNN he did not agree with Mercer 's cost of living survey placing Lagos as the "  30th most expensive city in the world . " "  Life can not be measured like this . You ca n't compare Lagos with other cities across the globe and across the continent . "  You can not put them on the same scale as they do not have the same resources and infrastructure , " Fashola said . He added that Lagos is expensive compared to other parts of the country , but that was like comparing prices between "  London and Milton Keynes . " "  The greater the population and the greater the demand for goods , then the forces of demand and supply will push up the price , " he said . Despite this , Fashola believes the development of Lagos has not made the city unaffordable for locals . Some central city rents are said to be as high as US$ 6,000 - $ 7,000 per month , but Fashola said the situation was the same in many European cities , and locals were surviving . However , if prices are high now , there 's little to suggest they will ease in the near future . Fashola said the growing number of tourists are bringing a lot of new money into the city . "  People are coming in as tourists , but tourists are also investors . They come here to do business at the same time , " he said . He believes the key to Lagos ' future is catering to these groups . "  We are providing a mix of business and pleasure . A city where people can live , work and play . "  I would like it to become a truly international city , and a center of tourism and business . It has a wonderful Atlantic coastline and we need to use it , " Fashola said . If cost of living measures and growth meters are anything to go by -- Lagos is well on the way to that end .	Lagos , Nigeria is the 30th most expensive city in the world It beat cities like Barcelona , Brussels , Washington and Los Angeles Private investment and tourism have help local development Governor Babatunde Fashola also credits Nigeria 's democracy
London  CNN  -- An actor in the Harry Potter movies was jailed for two years Tuesday for his role in riots that swept London last summer . Jamie Waylett , 22 , who appeared as Hogwarts school bully Vincent Crabbe in six Harry Potter films , was found guilty of violent disorder at Wood Green Crown Court , in north London . He also pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods during rioting last August , according to court documents posted online . However , the court cleared him of a charge of possessing an article with intent to destroy or damage property in relation to a petrol bomb he was carrying . "  Anyone watching the footage in this case can only imagine the mayhem that took place on the streets , " Judge Simon Carr said , according to court documents . Waylett had chosen to go out on the streets on what was the third day of the violence , the judge said , and video footage showed him near a supermarket that was being looted . "  You were pictured on a number of occasions with a bottle full of petrol with a rag as a wick , " the judge said . "  I accept entirely the jury 's verdict that you did not throw or have any intention of throwing it but merely being in possession of it would have been terrifying to anyone who saw you . " Waylett was given a two-year sentence for violent disorder and 12 months for handling stolen goods , to run concurrently , according to the court documents . Rioting first broke out in Tottenham , north London , in the wake of a peaceful protest over the fatal shooting of a local man by police . It spread to other parts of London and other English cities over the following days . The disorder was followed by a huge police crackdown on suspected rioters . According to London 's Metropolitan Police , across the city there were more than 3,800 arrests for a variety of offenses , including burglary , arson and violent disorder . As of last week , more than 1,300 people had been sentenced , with nearly half of them sent to prison . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Jamie Waylett played school bully Vincent Crabbe in six Harry Potter movies He was convicted of violent disorder during rioting in London last summer He pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods , court documents say Video footage showed him carrying a petrol bomb , the judge says
New York  CNN  -- A 10-year-old boy turned the tables and scared off armed intruders who forced their way into his Brooklyn home , according to police . Surveillance video released by police shows someone in the house on Monday afternoon opening the door for a man wearing a FedEx uniform , followed by another man . Police say the two men were armed , and upon making their way into the house , demanded money from the nine people inside . When one of the alleged intruders went upstairs , someone was able to close the door on his arm , making him drop his gun . The boy picked up the gun and fired once , police said . The armed suspect fired back , before both men fled the scene empty-handed . Both bullets missed , and there were no injuries , but the two assailants were still at large Tuesday ; the investigation is ongoing . Tuesday , there was a letter on the door of the home asking for reporters to give the residents privacy . "  Many of the victims are minors and are all traumatized on what occurred yesterday . We just want to continue with our daily routines . " CNN 's Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	Two armed men try to rob residents in Brooklyn Boy , 10 , fires gun after one assailant drops it
CNN  -- Around 4:30 a.m. the first beams of summer sunlight finish crossing the Bay of Fundy and arrive at West Quoddy Head in Lubec , Maine , the easternmost point of the continental United States . It takes about seven minutes for the same rays to travel about 65 miles as the crow flies down the rocky coast and start flickering on Mount Desert Island 's pink granite at Acadia National Park . Visitors have to be dedicated to make it out in time to see the early sunrise at Acadia , says park ranger Charlie Jacobi . But it 's worth it . The new day 's light slowly envelops the landscape , creating a kaleidoscope of colors that is perfectly reminiscent of a desert Southwest sunset . "  The first five to 10 minutes of the sun coming up , that granite is just phenomenal , " he says . "  It 'll blow from pink to gold . " The Wabanaki people lived on Maine 's coast for 5,000 years prior to the arrival of Europeans sometime during in the 16th century . Originally colonized by the French , the federal government established it as Lafayette National Park in 1919 . Katmai : See Alaska 's brown bears The park was renamed Acadia in 1929 and kept alive during the Depression through the help of the Civilian Conservation Corps . Today , it is celebrated as the first national park east of the Mississippi and is the easternmost National Park in the continental United States . Park stats : Nearly 2.5 million people visited Acadia National Park last year , making it the ninth most-visited national park . The location : Acadia National Park encompasses more than 47,000 acres starting on the Schoodic Peninsula south of Maine State Route 186 and spreading out over parts of 19 islands . Only five of the islands have public access -- Mount Desert Island , Isle au Haut , Bar Island , Baker Island and Little Cranberry Island , which is home to the one-acre Isleford Historical Museum . The other 14 islands can be observed by boat tours . Many of them are unsafe for landing or are reserved for nesting birds . Many islands have private land and park rangers request visitors respect those boundaries . Click here to view a park map and ways to access islands . The park is about an hour 's drive from Bangor and a five-hour drive from Boston . Flights are available to Bangor International Airport and from Boston to Hancock County-Bar Airport , about 10 miles from the park . Dig in : Top sand sculpture events If you go : Visitors to Acadia must pay an entrance fee from May 1 through October 31 . A private vehicle pass  15 people or fewer  is $ 20 . Motorcycle passes  one person  are $ 5 , and individual passes  including cyclists and hikers  are $ 5 . Entrance fees are reduced when the Island Explorer system does n't run between May 1 through June 22 and between the day after Columbus Day and October 31 . The Island Explorers are seasonal propane-powered buses that are free of charge and offer access across Mount Desert Island . They also connect to neighboring villages , restaurants , campgrounds and hotels . Annual passes are available for $ 40 and all other passes are valid for seven days . Seniors 62 and older can purchase a lifetime pass for $ 10 . Admission is free from November 1 through April 30 , when there are limited services due to decreased access to certain areas of the park . Camping at Acadia is available year-round , but be sure to check the website before planning a trip as some campgrounds are closed from November through April . Click here for a full list of outdoor activities offered at Acadia . Go prepared for changing weather as summer temperatures can range from 45 to 90 degrees . Fog is common during the spring . Isle Royale : An isolated paradise Meet our ranger : Charlie Jacobi is the natural resource and visitor use specialist at Acadia . He was born and raised in Connecticut , but was n't exposed to nature until a post-college summer road trip with friends to 16 national parks . "  It was n't like my family was a gigantic group of hiking and outdoors people , " says Jacobi , 59 . Jacobi developed an interest in hiking and canoeing and worked as an outfitter and guide before entering grad school at Virginia Tech . After graduation , he worked seven years as a seasonal employee for the park service before getting a full-time gig at Acadia in 1984 . He has been in his current position since 1992 . Acadia still lives up to the reason it was made a national park -- spectacular beauty made up of diverse geographical vistas and wildlife habitats , he says . "  Acadia is a day hiker 's paradise . The trails meander and amble seemingly aimlessly , constantly changing directions . You could spend a lifetime exploring . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Park Loop Road 's 27-mile drive . The loop starts at the Hulls Cove Visitor Center on Mount Desert Island . It will take you past Acadia 's major sites : Thunder Hole , Sand Beach , Jordan Pond and Cadillac Mountain . Portions of Park Loop Road close every year from December 1 through April 15 . Favorite less-traveled spot : A series of trails that complete a 4.5 - to 5-mile loop that connects Penobscot Mountain and Sargent Mountain . Start at the Jordan Pond House and take Spring Trail to Jordan Cliffs Trail to the Sargent East Cliffs Trail to the Sargent South Ridge Trail to the Penobscot Mountain Trail , which will reconnect with Spring Trail . Sargent Mountain is Acadia 's second tallest peak and the hike offers panoramic views of granite domes on mountains to the east , Jacobi says . "  I find myself going there a lot , " he says . "  If you pick your times and days , you can avoid the crowd . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : Sieur de Monts Spring and Isle au Haut . While the park is home to deer , otters , bald eagles , coyotes , lynx , foxes and fisher , Jacobi says Acadia is really a bird-watcher 's paradise . He recommends Sieur de Monts Spring for listening to singing birds , and Isle au Haut for watching migrating flocks in the fall . Most magical moment in the park : the dozen times each spring when a combination of heavy rain and snow-melt create unseen waterfalls . Jacobi discovered this in 1988 while hiking with a friend during a storm . "  It 's another little secret , " he says . " There are a dozen waterfalls at Tarn after a heavy rain . It only lasts a couple of hours but it 's really neat . " Oddest moment at the park : Watching a helicopter take off from a yacht in Bar Harbor and land on top of different Acadia mountains so the owner could pick blueberries . While Acadia 's blueberries are fair game to all , landing a helicopter on national park land is n't . "  They did n't bother to give him a ticket , " he says . "  You can pick them  blueberries  for personal consumption , " A ranger 's request : Always keep your dog on a leash . Click here for a list of Acadia 's pet-restricted areas . "  It not only protects wildlife , but it also protects your dog from getting porcupined , " he says . Another park he 'd like to visit : Chiricahua National Monument in Cochise County , Arizona . Tucked along Arizona 's southeastern border with New Mexico , the Chiricahua Mountains were a stronghold during the 19th century for Apache tribes who were wedged between the U.S. Army in the north and east and Mexico to the south . Parts of the park flood every year during summer monsoons and the best times to visit are in the fall or spring . "  I went there once and found it to be positively charming , " says Jacobi . "  I thought the trails were wonderful . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Acadia was the first national park east of the Mississippi River Its 47,000 acres spread from the Schoodic Peninsula to many islands Cadillac Mountain is the tallest peak on the Atlantic Coast More than 300 bird species can be seen at Acadia National Park
CNN  The Red Cross on Saturday called for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen , saying many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon . The call came just before the U.N. Security Council met late Saturday morning to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation , where Shiite rebels are pitted against external Arab air forces and fighters loyal to Yemen 's displaced Sunni president . A pause was needed especially in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden , where intense fighting has happened in the past two weeks , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . Food , water , medical items and personnel need to get into these areas , the group said . "  Otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . For the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , " Robert Mardini , the ICRC 's head of operations in the Near and Middle East , said . Another Red Cross official said people are running out of food , water and fuel . "  Medical supplies need to be here yesterday . The situation is difficult , "  said Marie-Claire Feghali , a spokeswoman for the ICRC who is in the capital , Sanaa . "  We need to save the lives that can be saved . " Meanwhile , residents of Sanaa , witnessed the fiercest Saudi strikes since the air assault started last week . Military facilities , including two bases , within the city limits have been targeted , three senior security officials in Sanaa said . At the Security Council , Russia submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes that a nine-country regional coalition , led by Saudi Arabia , has been conducting against the rebels in Yemen for more than a week . The meeting adjourned with no decision announced . One diplomat said the draft was missing what the envoy called key elements . It does n't call for the Houthis to stop fighting , and it does not call for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January . The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January . But Hadi escaped in February , fled to Aden and declared himself to still be president . Houthis and their allies , including those loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , then fought Hadi 's forces in the Aden area . Hadi fled Aden in late March , ultimately for Saudi Arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia , a predominately Sunni nation and Yemen 's northern neighbor , and other Arab nations to hit the rebels in Yemen with airstrikes . A Saudi source told CNN that special forces supplied weapons and communication equipment to Yemeni fighters in Aden loyal to Hadi . The Houthis were retreating from areas in the center of the city , including the presidential palace there , the source said . Saudi special forces help oppose Houthi rebels in Yemen , source says The United Nations said Thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks . An additional 1,700 have been wounded . Tens of thousands have fled to nearby Somalia and Djibouti . In Aden alone , fighting has killed 58 people and injured 200 more in the past two days , Yemeni security officials said . At least 24 of the dead were Houthis . Complicating matters in Yemen is that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- not the Houthis or Hadi-loyal forces -- holds sway in the country 's east . AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . Also late this week , photos circulating on social media purported to show senior al Qaeda leader Khaled Batarfi -- whom Yemeni defense officials said militants busted out of jail on Thursday -- posing in a presidential residence in southern Yemen . Sunni Islamist fighters freed Batarfi with some 270 prisoners when they overran the town of al Mukallah . On Saturday , the French military evacuated 44 people , including some French nationals , from the eastern Yemeni port city of Balhaf . CNN 's Don Melvin , Trey Haney , David Shortell and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia airstrikes on the capital increase as jets hit military facilities in Sanaa The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the situation Social media : A senior al Qaeda commander stands in a presidential residence after a jail break
CNN  -- For an institution that moves glacially , instant analysis is as impossible as it is unwise . Yet first impressions are important . Our initial glimpse of the new pope was curiously disconcerting . He stood there impassive and unemotional . He looked stunned , without almost any reaction at all except , perhaps , awe or even fear of the moment . Suddenly , his eyes seemed to open wide , as if he was really seeing the position for which he had been chosen less than an hour before . And then he spoke , not with the power of physical force or energy but with something stronger : humility . With the election of Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Buenos Aires as pope , the Roman Catholic Church enters the next chapter of her history . And yet , as often happens in the church , she turns to her past for inspiration and even innovation . So we have the first pope to be elected from the Society of Jesus , known as the Jesuits , who were founded by Ignatius of Loyola in the 16th century while Catholicism reeled from Protestant challenges . Yet this Jesuit takes the name Francis from the humble servant of medieval Assisi who began the Franciscan order 300 years before Ignatius . Francis took to the balcony with the word "  bishop " crossing his lips more than "  pope " or "  pontiff . " He referred to himself first as the bishop of Rome and to Benedict XVI not as retired pope but emeritus bishop . There was something genuine about the way he referred to the journey of faith as one that he and the faithful take together in love and trust . He asked for help and the favor of a prayer -- but this was n't the standard "  pray for me . " Pope Francis bowed to receive that prayer from the people of God he now serves . Opinion : Francis , open up the church Looking back at the monthlong examination of conscience that Catholics , Vatican-watchers and the cardinals have undergone , what does Francis face ? What will he do based on his own experience ? The cardinals ' pre-conclave meetings seemed to reveal a particular job description , but the rumors and leaks seemed to have been wrong . This man is 76 and not in his 60s . He has not worked full-time in the Vatican 's headquarters , called the curia , raising immediate questions about how he will reform the institution 's central administration . It is hard , at least initially and under deadline , to discover how he acted when faced with clerical sexual abuse , although we have heard less of this awful situation in Latin America than in the United States and Ireland . Francis does seem to be a moderate who is respected by and can work with people sitting on different benches along the ideological spectrum . He is friendly with the conservative organization Communione e Liberazione and yet like John Paul II embraces the church 's lively sense of fairness and justice when it comes to the poor and middle class left out by rampant capitalism and its twin temptation , the gospel of prosperity . As archbishop , he took a bus to work and lived in a small apartment . Opinion : The biggest moment in the world Like Ignatius , he has a reputation for using his mind to solve a problem but his heart to make a decision . Like Francis of Assisi , he operates within the world of an ordained clergy while not being drowned in self-serving clerical rank and privilege . So what Pope Francis seems to bring , at least at a first glance , is personal authenticity and credibility . Both are critical precursors to change . Many people want change , it is true , but any proposals that might or might not come wo n't mean a thing unless a new spirit of credibility and trust flows down the Tiber throughout the planet 's oceans to the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics . For too long , it seems that the curia has been about power , which is not the same thing as authentic authority . People respond with lasting love to authority but with only temporary fear to power . For too long , the people in the pews have felt distanced from their priests , bishops and the Vatican . That is not the gospel of love and service that Jesus preached . Yet it is precisely the gospel that Francis of Assisi and Ignatius Loyola learned from Jesus and shared with the world in word and deed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher M. Bellitto .	Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Buenos Aires is selected as pope Christopher Bellitto : At first glance , Francis seems to bring authenticity and credibility He says that for too long , people have felt distanced from priests and Vatican Bellitto : Francis has many challenges ahead ; we will have to see how he deals with them
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court has excused Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta from his "  continuing presence " at his upcoming trial on charges of crimes against humanity . The excuse "  is strictly for purposes of accommodating the discharge of his duties as the President of Kenya . " the court said Friday . The ICC is based at The Hague in the Netherlands . Kenyatta must be "  physically present " in court during opening and closing statements , "  when victims present their views and concerns in person , " "  the delivery of judgment in the case , " and , "  if applicable , " sentencing hearings , the court ruled . The trial is scheduled to begin on November 12 . The charges stem from violence that plagued a disputed presidential election six years ago . More than 1,000 people died after and hundreds of thousands were displaced when ethnic groups loyal to leading candidates in the December 2007 election torched homes and hacked rivals to death . The ICC has also accused Deputy President William Ruto of orchestrating attacks . A third suspect , radio personality Joshua arap Sang , is being tried alongside Ruto on similar charges . Kenyatta and Ruto have denied accusations that they coordinated violence among their respective ethnic groups after the disputed election .	International Criminal Court to accommodate Kenyan leader Uhuru Kenyatta at trial He must be present in court at certain times The charges stem from post-election violence six years ago
Mental Floss  -- The ubiquity of the "  Joy of Cooking " is staggering . More than 18 million copies have sold since the Great Depression -- when a Midwestern widow named Irma Rombauer published her recipes and anecdotes in the hope of lifting America 's spirits . And while the lemonade concoctions and tuna casserole recipes were delicious , the real secret of the cookbook 's success is n't that it soothed stomachs ; it 's that it catered to hearts and minds . The artist of life Irma Rombauer 's young life was uniquely charmed . She was born in 1877 to wealthy German immigrants and spent her teenage years shuttling between her hometown of St. Louis and the elegant port city of Bremen , Germany . After enjoying a brief tryst with novelist Booth Tarkington , Irma settled down and married an attorney , with whom she raised two children . Although never employed , she thought of herself as an "  artist of life , " a renaissance woman who aspired to live vibrantly and suck the marrow out of every moment . When the stock market crashed in 1929 , Irma 's spirit was put to the test . Her husband , who 'd long suffered from depression , committed suicide . But instead of wallowing in grief , the 54-year-old widow found meaning in a project -- writing a cookbook she titled "  The Joy of Cooking : A Collection of Reliable Recipes with a Casual Culinary Chat . " Once completed in 1931 , she spent half her savings to publish the book locally in St. Louis . Friends and acquaintances tested the recipes , and the feedback was encouraging , so she began pitching it to major publishers . Five years later , in 1936 , Bobbs-Merrill finally took a chance on it and agreed to distribute the "  Joy of Cooking " nationwide . The truth is that Irma had never been a great chef , but she was an excellent hostess . She could whip up a party at a moment 's notice and keep all of her guests entertained . By infusing the "  Joy of Cooking 's " text with that same wit and conviviality , Irma set her cookbook apart . From the first page , she skipped the kitchen basics in favor of extolling the virtues of cocktails : "  They loosen tongues and unbutton the reserves of the socially diffident . Serve them by all means , preferably in the living room , and the sooner the better . " Irma 's German heritage also deeply influenced early editions of the book . The first Joy includes recipes for dishes such as blitzkuchen and linzer tortes and even a few rousing quotes from Goethe . Irma also exhibited an endearing frankness with her readers . Unlike any other cookbook narrator at the time , Irma admitted to her lack of expertise and joked about not having time to cook . In one section , she wrote , "  The German recipe reads , ` stir for one hour , ' but of course , no high-gear American has time for that . " Simply stated , Irma Rombauer knew her audience . Mental Floss : 10 foods that are aphrodisiacs Joy and depression Other than maybe "  The Grapes of Wrath , " no book grasped the hardships of the Great Depression better than the "  Joy of Cooking . " Irma understood that American housewives were struggling to put food on the table , and she addressed those challenges head on . Many entries began with the tag "  Inexpensive and good . " There was even an appendix on making the most of leftovers , including stale bread , bones , coffee grounds , and pickle vinegar . Along with these tidbits , Irma also included the food preferences of celebrities and monarchs . "  Is there anything better than good coffee cake ? " she wrote . "  I am told that the former king of Spain ` dunks . ' " These asides bore little culinary relevance , but they made readers believe they shared something in common with royalty and celebrities . Follow this recipe , Irma hinted , and you 're making the same sponge cake that Queen Mary once made for King George V when he was under the weather . As the country marched off to WWII , the "  Joy of Cooking " adapted to the times . Irma 's 1943 edition was the first major cookbook to address the issue of rationing . Once again , she treated cutbacks as opportunities for innovation , creating recipes such as Butterless , Eggless , Milkless Cake . She even gave soybeans top billing , featuring them as a prime substitute for meat . Mental Floss : Food Challenges for the Super Hungry Family tradition By 1951 , Irma was in her seventies , so her daughter , Marion Becker , took over the bulk of her work . In some ways , Marion was even more of a visionary than her mother , and many of her choices for the 1951 "  Joy of Cooking " helped transform it into the classic it is today . For example , to illustrate techniques and ingredients , Marion added 150 line drawings . She could have chosen trendy photographs , but her decision to use simple , helpful sketches ensured that the book would feel timeless . By contrast , the technicolor cakes and sweaty roast turkeys of 1950 's "  Betty Crocker 's Picture Cookbook " now feel dated . Marion also introduced a simple lowercase font for the logo . At the time , this was an understated choice ; today , it 's an icon of cookery . Like her mother , Marion also drew inspiration from the national mood . When the next edition of Joy was commissioned in 1963 , the carefree consumer atmosphere of postwar America was over . Doctors no longer plugged cigarettes on TV , and books such as Rachel Carson 's "  Silent Spring " dominated the shelves . To address growing consumer awareness , Marion cut some of Irma 's digressions to make way for more relevant information . She included a massive section titled "  Know Your Ingredients , " containing charts , diagrams , and exhaustive explanations on everything from the best way to beat eggs to how yeast works . The goal was to help readers understand not just the hows of cooking , but the whys , as well . Marion also wanted Americans to eat healthier , so she added nutritional advice to the pages of Joy . Plagued by undiagnosed food allergies as a child , she understood the link between ingredients and wellness years before people started talking about "  organic farming " and "  health food . " Although the book still contained plenty of recipes for condensed-soup casseroles , 1963 's Joy suggested using fresh , seasonal fruits and vegetables instead of canned or frozen produce . In an era of Wonder Bread , Marion Becker pushed for whole grains . Marion produced her last revision in 1975 with the help of her husband , John , and son , Ethan . The work was a monumental tome , containing more than 4,500 recipes and 1,000 illustrations . Thanks to its encyclopedic size , this edition became the resource not only for grandmothers searching for German chocolate cake recipes , but also for their hippie grandchildren looking for tips on granola . Presciently , the book warned readers against overusing microwaves , which were embraced by most major cookbooks at the time .  Off the record , Marion actually wrote to Ralph Nader that she believed microwaves were zapping the nutritional value from food .  The 1975 Joy was considered so authoritative that it remained in print for more than 20 years . Mental Floss : Secret menu items at fast food restaurants Today 's tastes In 1997 , Scribner Books hired a team of chefs to write a completely new Joy without any input from the Becker family . Critics slammed the edition for being sterile and lacking any sense of playfulness . In 2006 , the publisher made amends . Ethan Becker and his wife , Susan , were put in charge of the 75th anniversary edition , creating a new version that combined Marion Becker 's conscientiousness with her mother 's sense of fun . Instead of catering to weight-loss fads  the authors thank heaven that low-carb diets are no longer in vogue  , the latest Joy stresses moderation and balance . The classic , gut-busting German cakes are still there , but they share space with homemade energy bars . Marion would be proud that ethnic cooking is finally represented on a level that reflects our culture , with recipes for hummus , cream cheese balls , and salsa on neighboring pages . Meanwhile , her mother would be happy that cocktails are back , along with old , quirky recipes , such as Lemonade for 100 People . And the tidbits are classically Irma . For example : "  The Romans , who were passionate about snails , grew them on ranches where they were fed special foods like bay leaves , wine , and spicy soups as pre-seasoning . " But to really grasp the spirit of the "  Joy of Cooking , " one needs only to look at the index of the latest edition , which begins with a Samuel Johnson quote . It reads , "  Knowledge is of two kinds . We know a subject ourselves , or we know where we can find information on it . " Irma would be proud . Mental Floss : World 's 10 messiest food festivals For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	"  Joy of Cooking " author started writing after husband committed suicide Surviving the Great Depression , many recipes labeled "  inexpensive and good " Cocktails to be served "  preferably in the living room , and the sooner the better " 75th anniversary edition includes ethnic food and stresses moderation and balance
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly 70 % of guns recovered from Mexican criminal activity during the past five years and traced by the U.S. government originated from sales in the United States , according to data released Thursday by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican authorities . ATF Special Agent John Hageman was careful in his comments as he released the data . "  Our job is to provide the aggregate tracing figures and not to speculate , " he said . Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , cautioned against reading too much into the statistics beyond that "  most of these guns ca n't be traced to U.S. gun dealers " and some could be tied to "  the federal government 's own gun-walking scandal . " "  We also have to remember that the only guns Mexico is going to submit for tracing are guns they know are from the United States , which clearly paints an incomplete picture of the firearms found in Mexico , " he said in a statement . But anti-gun advocates were not so restrained . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , a leading gun-control voice on Capitol Hill , said the figures are evidence of the need for stricter gun laws . Some likeminded legislators claim that the National Rifle Association and the gun industry have downplayed the degree to which U.S. gun sales are responsible for weapons used by Mexican drug cartels and other violent criminals south of the border . The newly released data show that from 2007 to 2011 in Mexico City , the ATF traced 99,691 firearms from their manufacture to the retail point of sale . Of those weapons , 68,161 were U.S.-sourced weapons , the ATF said . Hageman said a significant trend over the past five years has been an increase in rifles among firearms that Mexico asked the ATF to trace . "  Law enforcement in Mexico now report that certain types of rifles , such as the AK and AR variants with detachable magazines , are used more frequently to commit violent crime by drug trafficking organizations . " Both the Bush and Obama administrations have been strong supporters of President Felipe Calderon 's efforts to control drug cartels along the U.S.-Mexico border , and both governments have made efforts to try to curtail the illegal movement of firearms across the border to Mexico . One operation , code-named Fast and Furious , went awry when hundreds of illegally purchased weapons , which were supposed to be tracked , got lost after they crossed the border . Two of the missing guns were found at the scene of the murder of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry in Arizona , resulting in a wave of criticism of the ATF and its parent agency , the Justice Department .	NEW : Sen. Chuck Grassley says "  most of these guns ca n't be traced to U.S. gun dealers " 70 % of guns traced from Mexican criminal activity originated in the United States All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican officials Gun-control advocate said figures are evidence of need for stricter gun laws
CNN  -- Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera , a 54-year-old drug cartel leader whose nickname means "  Shorty , " is the most wanted man in Mexico . He 's also one of the most wanted men in the United States . Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera leads the Sinaloa cartel , which is battling for turf along the border . For five years , the State Department has kept a $ 5 million bounty on his head , calling Guzman a threat to U.S. security . Guzman , who leads the Sinaloa cartel , is a key player in the bloody turf battles being fought along the border . He recently upped the stakes , ordering his associates to use lethal force to protect their loads in contested drug trafficking corridors , according to the Los Angeles Times . The cartel 's tentacles and those of its chief rival , the Gulf cartel , already reach across the border and into metropolitan areas such as Atlanta , Georgia ; Chicago , Illinois ; Seattle , Washington ; St. Louis , Missouri ; and Charlotte , North Carolina , Drug Enforcement Administration Agent Joseph Arabit told a subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee in March . "  No other country in the world has a greater impact on the drug situation in the United States than Mexico does , " said Arabit , who heads the DEA 's office in this year 's border hot spot , El Paso , Texas . See where Mexican cartels are in the U.S. . A December 2008 report by the Justice Department 's National Drug Intelligence Center revealed that Mexican drug traffickers can be found in more than 230 U.S. cities . So far , the U.S. has largely been spared the violence seen in Mexico , where the cartels ' running gunbattles with police , the military and each other claimed about 6,500 lives last year . It was a sharp spike from the 2,600 deaths attributed to cartel violence in 2007 . Once again , drug war casualties are mounting on the Mexican side at a record pace in 2009 -- more than 1,000 during the first three months of the year , Arabit said . See who the key players are " The violence that has spilled over into the U.S. has been restricted to the players in the drug trade -- trafficker-on-trafficker , DEA agents say . But law enforcement officials and analysts who spoke with CNN agree that it is only a matter of time before innocent people on the U.S. side get caught in the cartel crossfire . "  It 's coming . I guarantee , it 's coming , " said Michael Sanders , a DEA spokesman in Washington . Sinaloa cartel leader Guzman 's shoot-to-kill instructions are n't limited to Mexican authorities and cartel rivals ; they also include U.S. law enforcement officials , the Los Angeles Times reported , citing sources and intelligence memos . The move is seen as dangerously brazen , the newspaper reported . In the past , the cartels have tried to avoid direct confrontation with U.S. law enforcement . U.S. officials are trying to stop the violence from crossing the border . The Obama administration committed to spending an additional $ 700 million to help Mexico fight the cartels and agreed to double the number of U.S. agents working the border . But $ 700 million pales in comparison with the wealth amassed by just one target . Guzman , who started in collections and rose to lead his own cartel , is said to be worth $ 1 billion after more than two decades in the drug trade . He made this year 's Forbes list of the richest of the rich , landing between a Swiss tycoon and an heir to the Campbell 's Soup fortune . Popular Mexican songs , called narcocorridos , embellish the myth of the poorly educated but charismatic cartel leader . "  Shorty is the Pablo Escobar of Mexico , " said security consultant Scott Stewart , invoking the memory of the colorful Medellin cartel leader who also landed on the Forbes list and thumbed his nose at Colombian authorities until he died in a shower of police bullets in December 1993 . Stewart , a former agent for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security , gathers intelligence on the cartels for Stratfor , a Texas-based security consulting firm that helped document Guzman 's worth . Just a decade ago , Mexican smugglers worked as mules for Colombians , moving their cocaine by land across the U.S. border when the heat was on in the Caribbean . But Colombian President Alvaro Uribe 's campaign of arrests and extraditions made ghosts of the Medellin and Cali cartels . The mules stepped into the power vacuum and never looked back . Now they buy cocaine from the Colombians and take their own profits . Mexican cartels now bring in about 90 percent of the cocaine consumed in the United States , according to the DEA . Mexico also is the top foreign supplier of marijuana and methamphetamine . Marijuana became the cartels ' biggest revenue source for the first time in 2007 , bringing in $ 8.5 billion . Cocaine came in second , at $ 3.9 billion , and methamphetamine earned $ 1 billion , a top U.S. drug policymaker told a group of U.S. and Mexican law enforcement officials last year . Watch how marijuana became the cartels ' top cash crop " The Mexican government recognizes seven cartels , but the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels are the major players along the U.S. border , according to the DEA agents , local police officials and security analysts who spoke with CNN . The cartels ' enforcers -- Los Negros for Sinaloa , Los Zetas for Gulf -- are believed to be responsible for most of the violence . The status and alliances of the players continue to shift . Although the DEA and some analysts disagree , others say the Zetas , a paramilitary group of turncoat soldiers and anti-narcotics police , are now running the Gulf cartel . "  From what we 've seen , the Zetas have taken over the Gulf cartel , " analyst Stewart said . "  In violent times , soldiers tend to rise to the top . " These soldiers are incredibly well-armed , police learned after a November raid that resulted in the arrest of top Zeta lieutenant Jaime "  Hummer " Gonzalez Duran . It was the largest weapons seizure in Mexican history -- 540 rifles , including AK-47s ; 287 grenades ; two rocket launchers ; and 500,000 rounds of ammunition . At the very least , the Zeta enforcers now have a seat at the table . The DEA 's Arabit testified that the Gulf cartel is now run by a triumvirate . Included is Los Zetas leader Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , a former military man who is also known as "  El Lazco , " or "  The Executioner . " The past year witnessed unprecedented bloodshed as the two cartels battled for control of the border 's lucrative drug-trafficking corridors . The cartels are fighting over control of Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas ; Sonora Nogales , across from Nogales , Arizona ; and Tijuana , across the border from San Diego , California . Two years ago , the turf battle was over Nuevo Laredo , across the border from Laredo , Texas . It 's all about the highways that help move the drugs . Nuevo Laredo is close to the Interstate 35 corridor , and Juarez has easy access to I-10 , a major east-west interstate , and I-25 , which runs north to Denver , Colorado . Tijuana is also conveniently near I-10 and I-5 , which heads north all the way to the Canadian border . Some of the battles are internal , Arabit said . Some are with other cartels . And some , he said , can be attributed to the cartels ' "  desperate " attempt to resist Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's unprecedented attack on drug traffickers . As soon as he took office in January 2007 , Calderon called out the cartels . He has deployed about 30,000 troops to back up and , in some cases , do the job of local police . Mexico also has extradited about 190 cartel suspects to the United States since Calderon took office . The violence involves beheadings , running gunbattles and discoveries of mass graves and huge arms caches . Police and public officials have been gunned down in broad daylight . The cartels ' enforcers boldly display recruitment banners in the streets . "  The beheadings started at the same time the beheading videos started coming out of Iraq , " analyst Stewart said . "  It was simple machismo . The Sinaloa guys started putting up videos on YouTube of them torturing Zetas . " When Mexicans first stepped into the role of Colombians in the mid-1990s , the Juarez and Tijuana cartels were dominant , beneficiaries of their location . Today , they are shadows of their former selves , weakened by the deaths and arrests of their leaders . Juarez cartel leader Amado Carrillo Fuentes died of complications from plastic surgery in 1997 . Known as "  The King of the Skies " for his fleet of cocaine-carrying planes , he was said to be undergoing liposuction and other appearance-altering procedures to avoid arrest . Three of his doctors were charged with killing the cartel leader with an overdose of anesthetic during his surgery . Two of them later were killed . His death , along with the 2003 arrest of Gulf cartel founder Osiel Cardenas Guillen , set the stage for the ongoing turf battle . When Cardenas was extradited in 2007 , Guzman set his sights on controlling Juarez as well as Nogales . Cardenas is awaiting trial in October in federal court in Houston , Texas , where he is accused of drug trafficking and attempting to kill two federal agents and an informant on the streets of Matamoros , Mexico . Arrests and extraditions crippled the Arellano-Felix Organization in Tijuana , and last year , Guzman made a move on that plaza as well . "  Right now , they are fighting to survive much like Pablo Escobar , " said the DEA 's Elizabeth Kempshall , who heads the agency 's office in Phoenix , Arizona . Phoenix has become the nation 's kidnapping capital , largely because of the cartels ' increasing presence . Kempshall said that cartel leaders fear nothing more than extradition : "  That is the worst thing for any cartel leader , to face justice in the United States . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this story	Sinaloa , Gulf cartels battle for control of drug routes across U.S. border The turf war has spurred record death tolls with gunbattles , beheadings U.S. is doubling number of agents at border , spending $ 700 million Agents , analysts compare situation to '90s battle against Colombian cartels
CNN  -- Palace Malice won the 2013 Belmont Stakes , the third leg of horse racing 's Triple Crown , on Saturday . The South Carolina-bred three-year-old outdueled Oxbow down the stretch to win the 1Â 1/2 mile race . Oxbow , the Preakness Stakes victor , ended up in second . Orb -- this year 's Kentucky Derby winner and Saturday 's pre-race favorite at 2-to-1 odds -- finished third . "  It was really a sneaky good race , never took a breather one time , " Palace Malice 's jockey Mike Smith told NBC , which broadcast the race . "  He was just enjoying the trip . " Palace Malice had entered the 145th running of the Belmont as an underdog , at 15-to-1 odds . The colt 's last race was a 12th place finish at the Kentucky Derby earlier this spring . Trained by Todd Pletcher , Palace Malice had one previous victory in seven starts , a pair of second-place finishes and a third .	South Carolina-bred Palace Malice outduels Oxbow down the stretch to win Kentucky Derby winner Orb comes in third "  It was really a sneaky good race , " jockey Mike Smith says There were three different winners in the three Triple Crown races
CNN  -- "  Budapest " rolls off the tongue pretty easily , and the Hungarian capital itself feels as if it 's been around for a long time . But Budapest is a relatively recent construct -- the result of an 1873 merger between two distinct cities : Buda on the western bank of the Danube and Pest on the bank opposite . The result , Budapest , sounds so much more natural than other twin cities -- Minneapolis/St . Paul or Dallas/Fort Worth -- it 's difficult to imagine that the alternative "  Pestbuda " was floated seriously at the time . Although they 've been populated for centuries , Pest and Buda have developed so separately that the first bridge spanning the Danube , the imposing Chain Bridge , was n't built until 1849 . Their distinctiveness continues to this day . View from the hills Built on a series of hills , Buda is the site of a grand Hapsburg palace and has a detached , imperial air of settled wealth . In contrast , populous Pest -- as flat as a prairie -- is busy , buzzing and bourgeois , with an assortment of bars , cafés and gourmet restaurants . Buda offers sweeping panoramas . Most visitors are content with the view across to Pest from the Fisherman 's Bastion on Castle Hill and ignore the less accessible Gellért Hill just to the south . More : 11 things to know before visiting Hungary Yet here the ramparts of the old Citadella fortress  Citadella sétány 1 ; +36 1 279-1963 ; free entry  provide equally stunning vistas over the Danube . It 's in the hiking network of the Buda Hills , where city residents come to picnic and ramble through the woods . During weekdays , you can walk for hours without seeing another human being . Kids ' railway Hills hide the Children 's Railway  Szechenyi-hegyi Gyermekvasut ; +36 1 397 5394 ; $ 5.40 adult , $ 2.70 child ; closed Monday  a narrow-gauge line operated entirely by 10-to-14 year olds as ticket sellers , announcers and conductors -- only the drivers are adults . The line runs for 45 minutes through 11 kilometers of forest landscape with seven stops in-between . When night falls , Buda goes to sleep and Pest wakes up . Whether you prefer the opulence of the Opera House , one of Europe 's finest , or the conviviality of the city 's legendary ruin pubs , you want to be on the Pest side of the river after dark . Pest has been a hotbed of Hungarian national pride to counter the Austrian Hapsburg court reigning from Castle Hill . Buda may have the palace , but Pest houses the Hungarian parliament  1-3 Kossuth tér ; +36 1 441 4000 ; daily tours in English April-October , $ 7.80 EU citizens , $ 3.90 others  , a dazzling neo-Gothic building whose superlative interior is more than a match for its exterior . Spa wars Pest is as practical and business-oriented as Buda is aloof and superior . Buda has thermal spas , such as the Gellért or Rudas Baths , built by the old ruling elites . Pest has an open-air people 's pool : the neo-baroque Széchenyi Baths complex where you can still find old men playing chess , half immersed in the water .  See Spasbudapest.com for complete spa information . Pest 's bustle is best reflected in its most well-known shopping artery : Váci utca . It suffered during the Communist era but the street has regained its ritzy reputation . More : 8 must-see Budapest buildings Fittingly , Buda has the Wolf 's Meadow cemetery , where famous Hungarians such as classical composer Béla Bartók and conductor Georg Solti are buried in extravagant tombs . Pest , on the other hand , has the vitality and life force associated with the fiery Magyar temperament -- nowhere more evident than in the former city 's culinary culture . Café cultured In Vörösmarty square you can find one of Europe 's monuments to confectionary brilliance : the café founded by Emil Gerbeaud  Café Gerbeaud , 7-8 Vörösmarty tér , +36 1 429 9000  in 1885 , complete with over-elaborate ceilings and chandeliers . Not far away , the renovated art nouveau decor of the Gerlóczy Café  Gerlóczy u. 1 ; +36 1 501 4000  gives traditional Hungarian dishes a modern makeover . Further out , at the edges of the seventh district , the fin-de-siècle elegance of New York Café  part of the Hotel Boscolo Budapest ; 9-11 Erzsébet körút , +36 1 886 6167  has to be seen to be believed . Some tourists do just that -- constantly snapping diners from the gallery above . "  Visit Buda but stay in Pest " is the advice every Budapest visitor is given . But in fact the once-separate cities have such distinct characters you should spend as much time exploring each . It 's the only way to do them justice . CNN Travel 's series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Separated by the Danube , Pest and Buda became one city in 1873 Budapest was almost called "  Pestbuda " Hilly Buda has great views ; Pest is flat but buzzing Even the thermal spas on each side have a different vibe
CNN  -- "  When I visit Malawi , I visit my family at the graveyard , " says Marie Da Silva , who knows the impact of AIDS all too well . Marie da Silva says the name for her school comes from the Jacaranda tree , which symbolizes hope . Born and bred in Malawi , in southern Africa , Da Silva lost 14 family members , including her father and two brothers , to the disease . "  AIDS is like The Plague in Malawi , " says Da Silva . According to UNAIDS , 14 percent of the country 's adult population is infected with HIV and more than half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . "  Orphans -LSB- in Malawi -RSB- are very underprivileged -- the grandparents are trying to raise them , with no money , no food , no clothes , " she says . "  Just poverty . " But from halfway around the world , as a nanny in Los Angeles , California , Da Silva provides a place where the orphans can get away from that -- The Jacaranda School . Watch Da Silva talk about her school " In 2002 , Da Silva learned that the school in her southern Africa home town was going to close . Consumed with concern for the students , she urged her mother to let them gather and learn in their family home , with her financial support . "  All the while I was doing my best for the kids here -- making sure they 're doing their homework , eating well , " she remembers . "  I could n't sleep just thinking about the children that need the same thing back in Malawi , " says Da Silva . Thanks to Da Silva 's passion , the school is now thriving in her childhood home and more than 200 children , most of whom are AIDS orphans , receive porridge every morning and education , free of charge . It is an effort that Da Silva funds almost entirely herself , sending $ 1,000 , about one-third of her monthly paycheck , to pay the salaries of 12 teachers and the headmaster , and purchase whatever supplies she can afford . Several of her fellow nannies have even gotten involved , donating $ 10 a month to her foundation . Get involved : Jacaranda Foundation While the classes are crowded and resources are few  there are only 15 books in the library , according to Da Silva  , her efforts are working . "  We have kids studying in our family living room , kitchen , gazebo , you name it . They 're so hungry to learn , " Da Silva explains . "  This is their sanctuary . " Watch two teachers -- in different continents -- read a story from a young student " Da Silva named both the school and its supporting foundation after the Jacaranda tree . Not only does the tree grow both in Malawi and Los Angeles , but when her father was dying , she found solace in a blossoming Jacaranda tree that she could see from his hospital window . "  For me , the Jacaranda tree symbolizes hope , and that 's what I want to give to the children at the Jacaranda School , " she says . "  After the deaths of my family members and ... seeing how everything else is suffering , the only way around this was if kids have a future . " She dreams of building a new school with lab facilities and a real library one day . "  I just feel that if you give them the tools , they can be somebody . And that 's my mission . "	Marie Da Silva is a nanny in Los Angeles She is president and founder of a school for orphans in Malawi About 200 children attend classes in what was Da Silva 's former home
CNN  -- One of two gay men jailed in Malawi after they got engaged has been transferred to another prison , a human rights campaigner and gay rights activist said Wednesday . It was not clear why Steven Mojenza was moved from Chichiri prison , where he had been serving time with his partner , Tiwonge Chimbalanga . The pair was sentenced last week to 14 years in prison after being found guilty of gross indecency and unnatural acts . Though in separate cells at Chichiri , the men were able to see each other briefly "  from time to time , " said Peter Tatchell , a London-based gay rights activist who has been advocating for the men . Gift Trapence , executive director of the Malawi-based human rights group Center for the Development of People , visited Chimbalanga in prison Wednesday and said Mojenza was not the only prisoner who was moved to another facility . Trapence said he planned to visit Mojenza at the new prison Thursday and would learn more then . Tatchell expressed fears for Mojenza 's mental and physical health . No appeal has been scheduled , Trapence said . "  The lawyers are going to submit the papers either this week or next week , " he told CNN from Malawi . "  The court is going to give the dates for the appeal , so we ca n't speculate right now because the court has not given the date . " Lawyers for the men are hopeful the 14-year sentence will either be reduced or thrown out on appeal , Trapence said . The two men , both in their 20s , were arrested in December at their home in Blantyre , Malawi , for professing their love in a traditional engagement ceremony . They were rounded up after news reports surfaced , charged under colonial-era sodomy laws and detained at Chichiri prison without bail . The arrests received some popular support in the conservative southern African nation , but sparked condemnation by gay-rights activists . Human-rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have called for the couple 's release . Homosexuality is illegal in Malawi , as it is in most African nations , and government officials have said they are simply upholding the law . Activists in Malawi , however , say they are violating the country 's constitution , which outlaws discrimination . The Malawi Law Society said the prosecution of the two men was driven by prejudice , not jurisprudence . Anthony Kamanga , Malawi 's solicitor general and secretary for justice and constitutional affairs , said the law does not conflict with the constitution and has denied the charge of prejudice .	Malawi authorities split up gay couple jailed last week , activists say Unclear why Steven Mojenza was moved to different facility Couple was sentenced last week after getting engaged
WIRED  -- Apple 's got a lot planned for its Wednesday press event . While the invitation -- "  come see our latest creation " -- is broad and vague , it 's fairly obvious that the biggest news will be the widely anticipated tablet . It 's about time . Tech observers have been anticipating an Apple tablet for several years , churning out report after report of rumors and speculation . And Apple has been considering tablet designs since at least 1983 . Now , perfectionist CEO Steve Jobs finally seems satisfied enough with the product to show it off in public . Are you excited about the Apple tablet ? But that 's not the only thing the company is likely to announce . Updates to the MacBook line and the iPhone OS are also likely to be on the ticket . Here 's our guide to what you can realistically expect . And if you do n't care to read our predictions , just stay tuned for the January 27 event . We 'll be providing live blog and news coverage here on Gadget Lab and on Twitter : follow @bxchen and @GadgetLab for real-time news nuggets . The Apple tablet Multiple independent reports have described the tablet 's appearance as a 10 - to 11-inch iPhone or iPod Touch .  AppleInsider 's sources describe the tablet as "  a first-generation iPhone that 's met its match with a rolling pin . " The tablet , many have reported , will serve as a slate-like substitute for magazines , newspapers and books , while also offering the general-purpose functions seen in the iPhone , such as gaming , viewing photos , Web surfing and using apps . A recent report from The Wall Street Journal said Apple will market the tablet to be shared among multiple people at home or in classrooms , thanks to its bigger screen . A few reports have claimed the tablet will sport a 10-inch OLED touchscreen , which would be great for reading books . But there are n't many of these displays on the market , and they would also cost Apple about $ 400 apiece . A 10-inch LCD touchscreen , on the other hand , would cost Apple $ 60 , much more in line with the expected $ 1,000 price tag . The true mystery about the tablet lies in its software and user interface . Simply expanding the iPhone OS to fit a larger screen ca n't be the whole story . We expect a tablet interface that strives to appeal to everyone , like the iPhone OS does with its 3.5-inch screen , SpringBoard user interface and fingertip-sized icons . The ergonomics of text entry will especially be challenging on a device that size . People briefed on the product say it will incorporate a virtual keyboard . But if the tablet is going to serve as an alternative to a notebook or netbook , an ordinary virtual QWERTY is n't going to cut it . We 're predicting Apple will incorporate new multitouch gestures , and maybe even the accelerometer , to trigger functions of the traditional QWERTY keyboard . Imagine if pressing two fingers down anywhere triggered the Shift key , for example . And to add a wild guess , we think Apple will expand on the voice-recognition feature seen in the iPhone 3GS , to augment text entry . Still , no one outside Apple 's tablet team has a solid idea of what the tablet 's interface will be like . The only minuscule clue is a quote from a recently departed Apple employee who told New York Times ' Nick Bilton , "  You will be very surprised how you interact with the new tablet . " If it 's taken Apple this long to figure it out , I 'm sure we will be . But we do expect the tablet 's operating system to share some of the same DNA as the iPhone OS . Indeed , the iPhone reportedly contains some elements of an older , shelved Apple tablet project . What could it be called ? Internet sleuths at MacRumors.com have found evidence suggesting Apple is interested in the names iSlate , MagicSlate , iGuide and iPad . Apple has apparently filed for trademarks for each of those names . Apple not only filed for the iSlate trademark ; the company also procured ownership of the domain iSlate.com , making this the most likely candidate . As for when the tablet will ship , WSJ published the most credible report to date claiming Apple has plans to ship the device in March . Price tag ? All we 've heard are guesses from analysts , some who claim the tablet will cost as much as $ 1,000 including carrier subsidy . We estimate the tablet should cost between $ 700 and $ 1,000 , placing it somewhere in between an iPhone and a MacBook . There are a few scant rumors claiming the tablet will be carried by Verizon , but none seems substantive enough to bet money on . There 's too little information out there about the carrier to make any reasonable predictions . In summary : iPhone OS 4.0 , iLife 2010 Fox News ' Clayton Morris had a scoop citing anonymous Apple employees who claim iPhone OS 4.0 and iLife 2010 will be announced at the event . I 'm a believer . The tablet will likely have a beefed-up version of the iPhone OS with all the newest features . So given the logic that the tablet OS is ready to be announced , iPhone OS 4.0 should be ready for a preview as well . But a preview would probably be it , just so Apple can begin seeding betas to developers to prepare their iPhone apps for 4.0 . As for iLife 2010 , Apple has announced almost all of its iLife suites during January of years past . I believe we 'll see an iLife launch only because it would be consistent . Jobs likes to pepper up press events with small announcements leading up to the major "  One more thing , " so iLife and iPhone OS 4.0 will probably be the first to be announced . MacBook Pro upgrades -- maybe An Intel contest promoted by e-mail appeared to leak upcoming MacBook Pros equipped with the newest Intel chips . Intel had sent e-mails to members of its Intel Retail Edge program , promoting a chance to win two MacBook Pros equipped with Intel 's new Core i5 processors during January , according to a report by MacRumors . However , Intel soon after retracted the promotion , saying it was a mistake and that HP notebooks would be given away for the contest instead . I found this move suspicious , because the promotion had been sent in multiple languages to members in the United States , the United Kingdom and Spain . Seems odd that it would have gotten so far if the product were n't even real . Plus , MacBook Pros are due for a refresh . Apple last upgraded the MacBook Pro in June 2009 , and typically the company refreshes notebooks every six or seven months . Therefore , my gut tells me Intel realized it accidentally leaked the MacBook Pros and then moved to undo the slip . I believe there 's a good chance MacBook Pros will be announced at next week 's event . iTunes Upgrade I have n't seen any rumors of Apple introducing a new version of iTunes , but I assume it would have to , in order to launch the tablet . That 's because the tablet alone wo n't be compelling unless it creates avenues for new content that can be used on the tablet , such as e-books , newspapers and magazines . Expect Apple to preview a new version of iTunes , perhaps 9.1 , that would add new content sections to the iTunes Store . We 'll most realistically see a new e-book section demonstrated in iTunes , as Apple has reportedly been in talks with HarperCollins Publishers to make e-books for the tablet . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A lot is planned for Apple 's Wednesday event , but the tablet should be the highlight Apple has been considering a tablet-like device since 1983 Most likely names : iSlate , iPad or MagicSlate Other announcements could include new iPhone system , MacBook and iTunes upgrades
CNN  -- Years before the first Gulf War , Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq 's Kurds with bombs , bullets and gas . Kurdish refugees fleeing Saddam Hussein 's chemical weapons attacks in 1988 . The Reagan White House saw it as a ruthless attempt to put down a rebellion by a minority ethnic group fighting for independence and allied with Iraq 's enemy , Iran . But Peter Galbraith thought it was something worse . "  A light went off in my head , and I said , ` Saddam Hussein is committing genocide , ' " said Galbraith , who was on the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at the time . An unabashed idealist , Galbraith was known for tackling unconventional issues . "  If you 're going to be idealistic in life , you 're going to be disappointed , " he said . "  But that 's not a reason to abandon idealism . " Galbraith was one of the first Westerners to witness the effects of the slaughter . During a fact-finding trip for the Senate in 1987 , he saw something troubling . "  When we crossed from the Arab part of Iraq into the Kurdish part of Iraq , the villages and towns that showed on our maps just were n't there , " he said . Bulldozing Kurdish villages was just the first phase of Hussein 's war against the Kurds . In 1988 , it escalated with chemical weapons . "  Thousands , maybe tens of thousands of people were killed in those attacks , and then Iraqi troops moved into those villages and gunned down the survivors . " Galbraith wanted to invoke the U.N. 's Genocide Convention , which requires countries to prevent and punish such crimes . "  We could not stand aside and allow Saddam Hussein to commit genocide against the Kurds of Iraq . " With the support of his boss , Democratic Sen. Claiborne Pell of Rhode Island , Galbraith drafted a bill -- the Prevention of Genocide Act -- that would cut off U.S. foreign aid to Iraq and impose a trade embargo . "  That would have been an appropriate response to a dictator who is gassing his own people , " Galbraith said . "  I thought with a name like that it would garner a lot of support . " But the compelling name was not enough . So Galbraith went back to the region to gather more evidence . Watch as Galbraith describes his fight to end the slaughter " Tens of thousands of Kurds had fled to Turkey . Survivors described blinding , burning clouds of poison gas that dropped people in their tracks . "  These people do n't make up these stories . These are real stories . And if you talk to them , if you simply talk to them ... you know that they 're telling the truth , " Galbraith said . His report was still not enough to persuade the White House to punish Saddam . Watch as Galbraith discusses genocide " The Reagan administration had invested several years cultivating Iraq as an ally against Iran , their mutual enemy , and as a market for U.S. products , including more than $ 1 billion a year in farm exports . The Prevention of Genocide Act would end the diplomatic courtship and hurt U.S businesses . Read once-secret documents from the Reagan administration "  I had a fellow who worked for one of the Louisiana senators call me up really in tears , " Galbraith said . "  And when I talked about genocide against the Kurds , he talked about the genocide that I was committing against the rice farmers of Louisiana . " Although then-Secretary of State George Schultz warned Iraq that use of outlawed chemical weapons jeopardized the two countries ' budding relationship , Schultz 's spokesman said imposing economic sanctions would be premature . Watch as George Schultz explains the administration 's position " To Galbraith , "  that was a morally repugnant statement . " The Reagan administration also claimed Galbraith 's bill used "  inaccurate terms like genocide . " But for Galbraith , this was no time for semantics . "  Should we have waited until he used chemical weapons again ? Should we have waited until instead of 5 percent of the Kurdish population was murdered -- 10 ? 15 ? " In the end , the House of Representatives killed Galbraith 's sanctions bill with backing from the Reagan administration . Politics had trumped principle . Galbraith calls the U.S. policy "  appeasement . " "  We were not able to modify Iraq 's behavior , " Galbraith said . "  And guess what ? " Two years later , in August 1990 , Iraq invaded Kuwait , its oil-rich neighbor to the south . This time , the U.S. compared Saddam to Hitler . And with Kuwait 's oil at stake , the U.S finally screamed bloody murder .	Years before the first Gulf War , Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq 's Kurds Peter Galbraith was one of the first Westerners to see the effects of the killing A Senate staffer at the time , he tried to invoke the U.N. Genocide Convention The House killed his sanctions bill with backing from the Reagan White House
New York  CNN  -- For more than two decades , David Ranta has been behind bars for the killing of a Brooklyn rabbi during a botched diamond heist . In the years since his 1991 conviction , another man 's widow has identified her husband as the killer ; a onetime jail inmate has said he made up statements about Ranta to boost his own fortunes ; and a now-grown boy who once picked him out of a lineup has come forward to say he was coached by a detective . Now , Brooklyn prosecutors have recommended that Ranta go free -- and if a judge agrees , he could walk out of court as early as Thursday . "  There was never a doubt in my mind that he was innocent , " said Michael Baum , the lawyer who represented Ranta at his 1991 trial . The rabbi , Chaskel Werzberger , died four days after being shot , a victim of the attempted holdup of a diamond courier . The courier escaped , but the would-be robber shot Werzberger through the window of his parked car , hauled him out of the vehicle and drove off , according to the Brooklyn district attorney 's office . Louis Scarcella , one of the detectives who investigated the case , told CNN that Ranta admitted his involvement in the heist attempt and that he stands by the arrest . As for claims that police coached a witness , he said , "  No way that happened . " But the now-retired Scarcella added , "  If they release him tomorrow , I say , God bless him . I have nothing personal involved in this , and I was just doing my job . " Ranta , now 58 , was arrested six months after Werzberger 's February 1990 killing . He was picked up after two men facing trial on their own robbery charges gave his name to police , prosecutors recounted in asking that his second-degree murder conviction be tossed out and the charges dismissed . One of them , Alan Bloom , identified Ranta as the gunman . Another acquaintance -- a woman who had brought charges against Ranta in a "  prior altercation " -- told police that Ranta had confided in her about the planned jewelry robbery and the murder of the rabbi , prosecutors wrote . In an initial lineup , only one witness recognized Ranta , and that was after a lengthy conversation with a Yiddish interpreter , they noted . In the second lineup , three youths identified him and repeated that identification in court . One witness who did n't identify him was the courier , the intended target of the holdup . When questioned by detectives , Ranta initially denied any involvement in the killing . Then he acknowledged knowing Bloom , according to prosecutors . Then he admitted he had been near the scene and knowing his friends had planned a holdup . Then he admitted he had been involved in planning the diamond heist , acted as the lookout and had seen Bloom and the second jailed witness , Dmitry Drikman , with a gun . "  Two witnesses testified implicating him , " Baum told CNN . "  The police had an alleged confession from him , but there was no physical evidence . The jewelry courier , he testified for the defense , saying that Ranta was n't the guy . A woman came forward saying Ranta was innocent , that her husband was the one who did it , " said Baum . Despite that testimony for the defense , the jury found Ranta guilty . He was sentenced to 37 Â 1/2 years to life in prison . Four years later , Theresa Astin came forward to say that her husband , Joseph -- who died in a 1990 car accident -- had been the killer . He 'd been named as a possible suspect before , and Scarcella had brought the courier to the morgue in hopes that he would identify Astin 's body as the gunman . He did n't . Baum sought a new trial for his client based on Astin 's testimony , but a judge refused to grant one . Then in 2011 , he said , one of the kids who picked Ranta out of a lineup got in touch with him . "  I got a call saying , ` I 've lived with this for 20 years . The detective told me who to pick out , ' " Baum said . The call was from Menachem Lieberman , who later told investigators he identified Ranta after being told by a detective to "  Pick the guy with the big nose . " "  It was on his conscience for all these years , " Baum said . "  He was 13 years old at the time . He was just a kid . He was just doing what they told him to do . " The Brooklyn district attorney 's office had recently started a Conviction Integrity Unit to look into claims like Ranta 's . Baum told them about Lieberman 's call , and the unit began to dig into Ranta 's case . Bloom is now dead . But Drikman admitted he had fabricated earlier statements he made about Ranta , hoping that his cooperation would help his own criminal case . Drikman 's girlfriend at the time confessed that her account was manufactured to assist him . Astin reiterated her previous testimony . Scarcella said the case against Ranta was "  very simple . " "  We had eyewitnesses who said they saw him shoot him , " he said . "  We had statements that he made to other people , implicating himself , who have since died . We have the confession he gave to me . " And he sharply disputes Lieberman 's account of being coached , telling CNN , "  As far as I 'm concerned , it 's fiction . " "  No way that happened , " he said , noting that dozens of prosecutors and police were watching the lineup . "  They 're saying that I framed it , " Scarcella said . "  I want to go on record saying this : I never framed anyone in my life , and you would have to be a low , low devil to do something like that . I slept very good for the last 22 years . " But eventually , Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes recommended that the case be thrown out . Sandy Silverstein , a spokesman for Hynes , told CNN that Ranta will be brought back to Brooklyn from a prison upstate on Thursday . There , he 'll await the judge 's decision on his fate . CNN 's calls to Pierre Sussman , Ranta 's current lawyer , were not immediately returned . Although Baum had been working with district attorney 's investigators for months , he was n't sure of what Hynes had decided until he read about it . "  I actually did n't know the end result . I prayed and prayed when I read it in the paper this morning . There were tears coming out of my eyes , " he said .	David Ranta has served nearly 22 years for a Brooklyn rabbi 's killing Prosecutors have recommended that he be released The detective who investigated the killing says he stands by the case
CNN  Dear World : Beyonce is actually not "  flawless . " Get over it . The posting of what appear to be unretouched photos of Beyonce poked the BeyHive  as her die-hard fans are known  . In the photos Beyonce 's skin is blemished and hardly the smooth , cover girl look usually presented . In other words , Beyonce is  gasp  human . But why should we even care ? As Jacob Weisberg wrote in Slate : "  The most obvious explanation is that humans enjoy living vicariously through those of our species who are richer , more famous , attractive , and sexually desirable than the rest of us . " "  Whether couched in terms of envy , admiration , or derision , celebrity fascination begins as an exercise in imaging what it would be like to lead a more carefree and pleasurable life , " he wrote . "  The flip side of the fantasy of irresponsible fabulosity is schadenfreude -- the pleasure we take in the misfortune of others . " Which is why celeb watchers have by turns praised and derided the photos of Beyonce . A stunning woman , the singer is still attractive in the images . And yet there are those who question whether the photographs are even legitimate . Forget the birthers ; the Beyoncers are not having it . The response to Bey-gate deviated from the cries of women 's empowerment that followed a recently released image of supermodel Cindy Crawford from a 2013 photo shoot for Marie Claire Mexico and Latin America . The picture shows Crawford sporting imperfections , including cellulite . Fans rallied around the model and praised her for letting it all hang out , despite the fact that Crawford appears to have had nothing to do with the release of the picture . Her husband , Rande Gerber , posted a much more flattering Valentine 's shot of his wife looking toned in a two-piece bathing suit -- seemingly in response to the hoopla . Not so fast says Isha Aran of Fusion . Aran finds the celebration of Crawford 's "  empowering " photo to be a bit disingenuous . "  For one , the standard that we commend the model for smashing with the unretouched photo is the very same standard we use to shame celebrities like Uma Thurman and Renée Zellweger for daring to change their looks , " Aran wrote . "  The standard that equates beauty and dignity in the realm of aging . If a woman does n't ` age gracefully ' or if it 's clear she 's had ` work done , ' accusations of weak character and ` clinging desperately to youth ' are suddenly fair game . " Yes , that 's really Uma Thurman While "  Stars , they 're just like us ! " may be a popular franchise for tabloids that also love to post features on celebs without makeup , it would appear that the famous are not allowed to actually be regular people . After all , regular people are n't as admired as celebs . "  Part of our curiosity is a way of learning what makes the great great in our own search for knowledge , fame and fortune , " author Sheila Kohler wrote in a blog post about our fascination with celebrities for Psychology Today . "  We copy the famous , buy dresses that are similar or even the same , we wear our hair the way our idol does in an attempt to capture the glamor we admire . " But at least some fans are pleased with catching a less-refined glimpse of a star who is known for having a tightly controlled image and whose publicist reportedly once demanded that unflattering pictures of the artist from her Super Bowl half-time performance be removed .	Alleged unretouched photos of Beyonce caused a stir Cindy Crawford picture was dubbed empowering Writer finds praise of Crawford disingenuous
EW.com  -- Three years ago , director Luc Besson tried to do prestige , directing an Oscar-bait biopic about Burmese political dissident Aung San Suu Kyi titled "  The Lady . " It did n't work out for anyone , but at least Besson is back where he clearly feels more at home : stylized violence punctuated by surreal chaos . In "  Lucy , " Scarlett Johansson plays an American party girl studying in Taiwan who is kidnapped and forced to be a drug mule for an Asian gangster  Choi Min-Sik  . But when the pouch of mysterious blue crystals ruptures in her gut -- following a savage beating -- the wonder drug begins to expand her human potential at an alarming rate . First , she 's transformed into a sexy Jason Bourne , out for revenge . Then she becomes Neo , a superhero with near omnipotence . And her ultimate destiny , before the high can wear off , might be complete transcendence . On paper , "  Lucy " is nothing more than a standard Milla Jovovich action movie , but Besson amps it up by going way past the recommended dosage of cinematic insanity . The whiplash imagery and frenetic editing give the audience a contact high of sorts -- was that a freakin ' dinosaur ? -- transforming what should be ridiculous into genuine bizarro excitement . He has successfully crossbred the superhero film with the Asian-gangster genre , and the film 's car chase through the streets of Paris might be one fetishists celebrate from now on . Lucy is a thinly drawn character , just someone who needs to survive , but Johansson vividly conveys the initial terror of her dire circumstances before shifting into the calculating , almost robotic mode of an alien being flicking away mere mortals . By the time the film exhausts itself -- in a brisk 89 minutes -- it feels like there 's literally nowhere that Lucy and Besson ca n't go , no boundaries , no laws , no logic . Just go with it . EW Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . Review : ` Hercules ' needs better Dwayne Johnson Ben Affleck will be a great Batman , Adam West says CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Scarlett Johansson stars in the film It 's directed by Luc Besson There is genuine bizarro excitement
New York  CNN  -- A man who stabbed a New York City taxi driver three years ago after asking whether he was Muslim will serve 9Â 1/2 years in prison . Michael Enright , 24 , pleaded guilty two weeks ago to attempted murder in the second degree as a hate crime and assault in the first degree as a hate crime , the New York Supreme Court clerk 's office said . Enright was sentenced Tuesday . In addition to his prison term , he must serve five years of post-release supervision , the clerk 's office said . "  This was a horrendous crime against an innocent New Yorker . The victim , a native of Bangladesh and the father of four children , has been working and living in our diverse city for nearly three decades . There is no place for bigotry in New York City . " District Attorney Cyrus Vance said at Enright 's guilty plea proceeding . The taxi driver , Ahmed Sharif , suffered slashes across the neck , face , shoulder and hand in the August 2010 attack , the New York Taxi Workers Alliance said . Enright made an eloquent statement to the court , blaming himself , taking responsibility for the crime and apologizing to the victim , his lawyer , Lawrence Fisher , told CNN on Wednesday . Fisher said he thought the sentence was "  severe " for a case in which the victim was released from the hospital within hours . Prosecutors originally recommended 18 years in jail for Enright before dropping it to 9Â 1/2 years . The minimum sentence is eight years , according to his lawyer . In previous court appearances , Enright 's lawyer said his client suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and alcoholism . After being released on bond with an ankle bracelet , Enright successfully completed both in - and out-patient alcohol rehabilitation , performed community service projects and attended Alcoholics Anonymous , where he became a lecturer and sponsor , according to Fisher . "  He 's made great strides and has been clean and sober for over two years since he 's been released , " Fisher said . According to Bhairavi Desai of the Taxi Workers Alliance , Enright , then 21 , allegedly began conversing with Sharif before asking whether he was Muslim . Enright then cursed and allegedly shouted , "  Assalamu alaikum , consider this a checkpoint . " "  Assalamu alaikum " is an Arabic greeting that means "  peace be upon you . " Sharif was then stabbed . Bleeding profusely , he stumbled out of his taxi and managed to flag down a police officer who arrested Enright , the union representative said . Enright , who was a student at the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan , had shot a film on American soldiers serving in Afghanistan , said the director of Intersections International , a nonprofit group that partially funded the trip . Enright was intoxicated the night of the arrest , according to police , who found an empty bottle of scotch in his backpack . The attack occurred amid public debate over plans to build an Islamic cultural center and mosque to be called Park51 two blocks from the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center . CNN 's Jessica Naziri and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Defendant took responsibility , apologized , his lawyer says Michael Enright , 24 , pleaded guilty two weeks ago to hate crime charges Taxi driver Ahmed Sharif was slashed on his neck , face , shoulder and hand in 2010 Enright 's lawyer has said his client suffered from alcoholism and post-traumatic stress
Tokyo  CNN  -- The cherry blossoms are in full bloom , the skies clear and blue in this seaside town . Yet apart from the occasional bark of a dog or the moo of a meandering cow , the most glaring aspect about life in Tomioka is the lack of it . Japan 's government five weeks ago mandated that everyone must leave the town , amid concerns about dangerously high levels of radiation emanating from the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant about eight kilometers  five miles  away . But Kazuhiro Shirato felt he had to go home . So , with a Japanese journalist and cameraman alongside , he got in a car and headed toward Tomioka , where he and many others had n't been since the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck on March 11 . They drove with ease past signs that read "  Forbidden Entry " stationed 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  from the power plant , meaning they 'd entered the so-called "  evacuation zone . " Going farther , their main barriers were not police but occasional roads that had been cracked and heaved by the epic tremor . Cruising down Tomioka 's tree-lined streets , Shirato saw many stores , residences and other buildings that , while damaged , were largely intact . But the eerie silence reminded him how it had transformed into a ghost town , save for a few animals left to fend for themselves . U.S. , Japan announce joint rebuilding effort "  There was nobody there , so I finally understood everyone had really left , " he said . "  I could see dogs and cows belonging to my neighbor . I was surprised cows could get so skinny after just one month . " Shirato 's first stop was his mother 's house , closing windows and blinds that had been left wide open . Then , he moved on to the family business -- a funeral parlor -- where flowers for services that never took place littered the floor . His last stop was his own home , carefully stepping past his belongings , which had been flung everywhere by the earthquake . In between picking up his DVD collection and unplugging the electricity , Shirato searched for bank records and identification cards . As he returned to Tokyo , where he 's been in government housing , Shirato could n't help but feel that part of him -- his sense of security growing up in the shadows of the Fukushima Daiichi plant -- had been lost due to the nonstop nuclear crisis . Enduring psychological and emotional stress He said he 's angry with the Tokyo Electric Power Company , which runs the plant and has led the often problematic recovery operation , for convincing him at a young age that the nuclear facility was completely safe . Beyond that , Shirato said he is losing hope that he 'll ever return home for good . He is one of more than 78,000 people who lived within a 20-kilometer radius of Fukushima Daiichi who were ordered to flee , on top of another 60,000-plus in the next 10 kilometers who were told to shelter indoors . And Japan 's government recently told residents of several towns outside that zone that they would soon have to evacuate , due to possible long-term health risks from radioactive particles . "  Two weeks ago , I thought I would be back home within six months , " Shirato said Saturday . "  But the situation  at the nuclear plant  got worse and worse . "  Now I doubt I will ever be able to go back . "	Kazuhiro Shirato went to his hometown of Tomioka , Japan , which has been evacuated The town is about 8 kilometers from the nuclear plant that 's been in crisis since March 11 He says he found the town was totally abandoned , except for dogs and some cows Angry at the plant 's owner , Shirato says , "  I doubt I will ever be able to go back "
If Mitt Romney were to write a bumper sticker slogan for the past month , it would probably be , "  Detroit DID go bankrupt . Russia IS a geopolitical foe . " Reality is n't quite so simple as to perfectly apply recent developments on Detroit and Russia to the American debate in 2012 , but neither were Romney 's arguments on the car industry and on Russia . That did n't stop Democrats and pundits from using them to beat Romney down . And it would be a good retort to Joe Biden 's often-repeated 2012 bumper sticker slogan : "  Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive ! " Biden used the phrase to simultaneously flaunt what the Obama administration accomplished in the war on terror and hit Romney for his position against the auto bailout . Romney had different ideas than the president about the war on terror , and he also had outspoken ideas on Russia , which he told Wolf Blitzer on CNN in March of 2012 was "  without question our number one geopolitical foe . " His statement drew snickers in Washington and complaints in foreign policy circles that he was stuck in the Cold War . Archives : Hillary Clinton criticizes Romney 's remarks on Russia "  You do n't call Russia our No. 1 enemy -- not al Qaeda , Russia -- unless you 're still stuck in a Cold War mind warp , " President Barack Obama said at the Democratic National Convention last September . The president probably still would n't call Russia this country 's top foe . But now that Russia has given NSA leaker Edward Snowden a year of asylum , and the two countries ca n't find accord on Syria or Iran , he might choose not to put the line in his convention speech . Snowden asylum could cancel planned Obama-Putin talks "  Now is the time to fundamentally rethink our relationship with Putin 's Russia , " Sen. John McCain said upon hearing news of Snowden 's asylum . "  We need to deal with the Russia that is , not the Russia we might wish for . We can not allow today 's action by -LSB- Russian President Vladimir Putin -RSB- to stand without serious repercussions . " "  Russia has stabbed us in the back , " said Sen. Chuck Schumer , the New York Democrat . He called on Obama to protest by demanding the upcoming G-20 summit for world economic powers be moved away from Russia . Biden 's slogan , "  General Motors is alive ! " drew a direct contrast between the candidates on the auto bailout that Obama engineered after initial action by President George W. Bush . Romney 's much-cited New York Times op-ed argued the car industry should be shepherded into a managed bankruptcy and not propped up with taxpayer dollars . The headline of Romney 's op-ed in November 2008 was "  Let Detroit Go Bankrupt . " That headline followed him all the way to November of 2012 when he lost the election . Romney 's argument in the opinion piece was directed at the car industry , but it foreshadowed last month 's news that the Detroit the city , once the powerhouse of the American economy , was going bankrupt . " -LSB- W -RSB- e refused to throw in the towel and do nothing , " Obama said in a video message in October of 2012 . "  We refused to let Detroit go bankrupt , I bet on American workers , and American ingenuity and three years later that bet is paying off in a big way . " A conservative might apply the high labor costs Romney cited as part of the downfall for the auto industry to the cost of government worker pension plans that have helped put the city in trouble . How to deal with promises made to public employees is an issue Americans will face in the coming decades in places far flung from the Motor City . Hatch : After Detroit , replace public pensions The federal government has made pretty clear there wo n't be any sort of bailout for the city of Detroit like there was for the auto industry that lives there . CNNMoney : Why Obama wo n't bail out Detroit Campaigns are full of little moments like the Detroit and Russia storylines that may have worked against Romney . They add up . More damaging for Romney than either the Detroit op-ed or the Russia as a foe storyline was his statement to fundraisers about giving up on the 47 % of Americans who would not vote for him no matter what . This week we also got the most in-depth explanation from Romney on those comments in the form of a book excerpt from Washington Post writer Dan Balz . Romney said he was misunderstood . More : Romney regrets 47 % comments Archives : Romney does n't back away from message caught on secret tape In politics , eight months is an eternity . It 's enough time for the Romneys to welcome four new grandchildren into the world . How Detroit and Russia and the 47 % factored into 2012 are interesting historical questions , but the national dialogue has moved on . Romney is retired from national politics and the pundits and press have moved on to the 2016 parlor game . Trio of potential 2016 GOP contenders heading to South Carolina	During the 2012 race , Mitt Romney was criticized for calling Russia the United States ' top "  geopolitical foe " Romney was also haunted by an op-ed about the auto industry entitled "  Let Detroit Go Bankrupt " Now , Russia has granted temporary asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden and the City of Detroit is bankrupt But Romney was also hurt in his 2012 White House bid by other controversies like his "  47 percent " comments
6:06 p.m. EST -- The White House confirmed Friday night that President Obama will nominate Loretta Lynch to become the next attorney general . Loretta Lynch , the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn , is expected to be President Barack Obama 's pick for attorney general , U.S. officials briefed on the matter said . An announcement is expected in the coming days , though the timing is complicated by the President 's plans to travel to Asia this weekend . Lynch is a popular prosecutor who is in her second stint as U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of New York , appointed by President Obama in 2010 and also serving in the same post from 1999 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton . Current Attorney General Eric Holder announced his plans in September to step down . U.S. officials say the President 's decision is not official until there is a formal announcement from the White House . Lynch would be the second woman to serve as attorney general and the second African-American to hold the post . Lynch served on the trial team that prosecuted and won convictions in 1999 against New York City police officers for violating the civil rights of Abner Louima , a Haitian immigrant whom police officers beat and sodomized while he was in their custody . That experience could help at the helm at the Justice Department , which is overseeing high-profile civil rights investigations , including one into the Ferguson , Missouri , police shooting of Michael Brown . Lynch has quietly built a solid reputation in New York , where Preet Bharara , the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan , garners magazine covers and regular media attention for Wall Street prosecutions . Her 2010 nomination won Senate approval on a voice vote , meaning Republicans did n't view her as controversial . In recent months , however , she has led the prosecution of Rep. Michael Grimm , R-New York , for alleged tax fraud . Grimm won reelection this week despite being under indictment , and has called the case against him politically motivated . Lynch was overwhelmingly approved by the Senate to be a U.S. attorney in 2010 , but GOP aides said initially Friday they do n't know that much about her . Regardless , the scrutiny she will receive to become the nation 's top law enforcement official will be much greater than when she was picked to be one of 93 U.S. Attorneys . Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , who is poised to chair the Judiciary Committee in the new GOP-controlled Senate , and other top Senate GOP leaders never got word about the expected nomination from the White House , according to aides . "  It 'd be nice if the White House called to let us know , " one aide grumbled to CNN . While the administration is not required to inform Congress in advance about Cabinet picks , it is often done to give key lawmakers -- like Grassley and members of leadership -- a courtesy heads-up , or to consult with them and determine whether there would be major opposition . Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , a member of the Judiciary Committee , immediately said on Twitter that a vote on Lynch should n't take place during the lame-duck session and should be put off until the new Congress convenes in January . "  Democratic senators who just lost their seats should n't confirm new Attorney General . Should be vetted by new Congress , " he wrote . But another committee member , Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN 's Dana Bash that Lynch "  seems to be a solid choice " and is qualified . Graham said he does n't have any problems with her being confirmed in the lame-duck session , noting that other Cabinet picks have been approved during such periods . White House principal deputy press secretary Eric Schultz told CNN in a statement : "  We do n't have any personnel updates for you , and I 'm certainly not going to speculate on any decisions before the President announces them . " Opinion : Would Loretta Lynch echo Holder on civil rights ?	Loretta Lynch is a U.S. attorney in Brooklyn President Obama is expected to nominate Lynch to succeed Eric Holder as Attorney General It is not clear when the official announcement will be made or when Lynch could get a confirmation hearing
CNN  -- It 's a phrase uniquely hated by high school teachers and internship coordinators everywhere : "  Could you write me a reference ? " But it means something different now than it did even a decade ago . Sure , trigonometry teachers still need to crank out those form letters packed with hoary cliches like , "  a pleasure to have in class , " and "  interested in education in the truest sense of the word " and "  correctly follows APA guidelines at least 80 % of the time when turning in papers . " But now the rest of us are treating our networks like the people version of Yelp , giving  and soliciting  reviews all over the place . LinkedIn has long had a "  ask to be endorsed " function  that 's seriously what it says  , where coworkers and bosses can gush about you right on your online resume . But the site 's no longer the only space where you 're begging for accolades . The person borrowing or lending you a car  see Getaround  , a bike  see Spinlister  , an apartment  see AirBnB  or even an electric drill  see ToolSpinner  wants to know that you are not , in fact , a psychopath . So in a weird way , your presence on these online bazaars , where social media meets the marketplace , has become part of your online persona . And would n't it suck if a potential employer Googled you and learned that you misrepresented the "  spacious " parking lot in front of your lawn  see Parking Panda  , which is actually ... your lawn ? Ergo , we offer up some tips for giving  and getting  digital referrals that will show the world just what a wonderful human you are . 1 . Do n't just use the site 's "  request a referral " function . It 's jarring to be going through your day and then suddenly get an email that basically says , "  A person in your life wants you to sign up for a site you 've never heard of and write nice things about him/her . " Reach out to your target reference first , and ask if she 'd mind doing you the favor . And do n't feel too bad about the ask . Research shows that people enjoy the ego boost of doing something altruistic , so in a way , you 're doing her a favor . 2 . Write it for her . Not ENTIRELY , but give her some bullet points . See , stringing together words is kind of hard for a lot of people .  See : online comments sections . Zing ! And if your friend or former boss is n't entirely sure which of your virtuous qualities you want highlighted , she runs the risk of writing something off-topic and wasting both of your time . Outline what you 're looking for her to say  e.g. , "  It 'd be awesome if you could just mention that I 'm responsible and respectful and take good care of my stuff . " Assuming that is not a blatant lie . Also give her a basic sense of how long it should be -- a sentence , a paragraph , a whole freaking recommendation letter ? 3 . Volunteer to return the favor . Ask if she 'd like a recommendation on the same site or another one . Everyone could use a boost . 4 . Put some stock into strangers ' reviews ... Zero reviews on a site that hinges on trust should give you pause .  One AirBnB user had her apartment "  burglarized and ransacked " by a guest , prompting the company to add an insurance policy . If you 're going to lend someone your car or apartment  not just a jigsaw  , try to Google him , get him on the phone and/or friend him  temporarily  on Facebook . 5 . But not too much stock . It is n't hard to create a fake profile and make nice , allegedly third-person comments about yourself . So , depending on your personal level of paranoia , the above steps of added due diligence might be wise even for established users . 6 . Be a good little reviewer bee . Whenever you deal directly with a person online  buying a used book on Half.com , etc.  , take the 20 seconds afterward to rate the experience . If it was good , you 're growing their business , and if it was bad , you 're doing a good deed for the rest of humanity . We know , we know , you 're too busy to rate experiences after-the-fact . That 's why you 're doing dealings online in the wee hours of the night while eating Bugles and wiping the crumbs on your shirt , right ? Well , giving and getting reviews is a  sad , half , proxy for  actual human interaction . Take whatever you can get .	Presence in "  online bazaars " such as car-lender Getaround is part of a digital persona Reach out to your target before sending an online recommendation request Be careful when a site user has zero recommendations Write recommendations for businesses and others yourself
CNN  -- Not so long ago , TV shows like "  Firefly , " "  Wonderfalls , " "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles " and "  Dollhouse " were mourned by science fiction fans as having been canceled before their time , due -- as it always is -- to low ratings . Another thing each had in common : They aired on Fox on Friday nights . So observers of the TV world were surprised Thursday to learn of the network 's renewal of the series "  Fringe " for a full fourth season after two months in a Friday timeslot . Adding to the surprise : It was picked up in March , much earlier than many other shows with "  on the bubble " status -- an equal chance of cancellation or renewal -- would traditionally find out their fates .  One week earlier , NBC renewed two of its "  on the bubble " series with a passionate fanbase : "  Community " and "  Parks and Recreation . " Fans and many TV critics feared that the show 's cancellation was imminent when it was moved from a Thursday slot to Friday . Despite encouraging words from Fox , fans rallied support for the show on social media , and star Joshua Jackson even got involved , reminding the "  Fringe " faithful not to rest on their laurels . The show 's ratings started out on par with what they were on Thursday but then started to drop , eventually hitting a series low six days before it was renewed , which begs the question : Did fan support and other factors count for more than the show 's raw viewership ? Fox 's news release announcing the pick-up of the show , about a war between an alternate universe and our own , certainly gave the fans plenty of credit . "  The series ' ingenious producers , amazingly talented cast and crew , as well as some of the most passionate and loyal fans on the planet , made this fourth-season pickup possible , " said the network 's entertainment president , Kevin Reilly . "  Ultimately , I think Fox is making a decision not based purely on ratings but based on  fan  commitment and dedication , " said Jovana Grbic , editor and creative director of ScriptPhD.com , who is contributing a chapter to an upcoming book examining the science behind the series . "  This is an unprecedented level of support for a show with a small but dedicated fanbase , something that sci-fi in particular has had a very difficult time attaining on network television . " Dennis Acevedo , creator of FringeTelevision.com , attributes it to DVR viewing , especially considering its current timeslot . "  It consistently ranks as one of the highest shows in DVR viewing , " he said . "  And people who like it really like it . " Acevedo quoted a recent interview on TheDailyBeast.com in which Executive Producer Joel Wyman said , "  Not everybody likes licorice , but people who like licorice really like licorice . We 're happy being that . " But is being "  licorice " really all it takes to make a show successful today ? " ` Fringe 's ' ratings looked very decent for a Friday , " said Robert Seidman , who follows TV viewership very closely as co-founder of TVBytheNumbers.com and found the renewal 's timing "  a little odd . " "  The ratings that matter most are ones nobody sees , the ` C3 ' rating that measure commercial viewing live plus three days of DVR viewing , " he said . "  All that DVR viewing is great for Fox 's PR department , but it does n't add much extra advertising revenue . " Indeed , the anonymous Twitter user who claims to work for Fox , known as the Masked Scheduler , recently tweeted about an improvement in "  Fringe 's " ratings the night after its renewal : "  Supporting shows by viewing live helps more than u know . " Another possible factor : Science fiction shows typically bring in audiences with higher household incomes . "  Seeing that kind of data was what got me interested in doing the website to begin with , " Seidman said . "  However , that data does not flow freely at all . " So , despite the advent of DVRs and full episodes streaming online , have there been any other major changes since the days of "  Firefly " that would add more weight to the passion of a show 's fanbase ? "  There are now more people watching cable instead of broadcast . The broadcast ratings are lower now than they were when ` Firefly ' was on , " Seidman said , meaning that some shows do , in fact , stay on the air with ratings that might have gotten them canceled in years past . As for whether fan efforts can consistently make the difference between cancellation and renewal -- in the way it seemed for shows like "  Chuck " and "  Jericho " in the past -- Seidman said , "  It ca n't hurt , but I 'm not really sold on that . I am sold to some degree : Fans ' passion about a show does register with the networks . But I do n't think that 's enough to save a show if the ratings are n't any good . " No matter the reason , fans understand just how fortunate they are to have the show last this long . "  As a sci-fi fan , expert and writer , the renewal and network backing pleases me because it sends a message to writers and developers of future science fiction television that there is a place for intricate , intelligent shows with a multilayered plot on network television , that the risks are worth taking , and that networks are beginning to recognize the value of the niche as a fan base , " Grbic said . "  I think Fringe is just a really unique situation . It 's been this experimental show at Fox since the beginning , " Acevedo said . "  And so far , it 's gotten through everything thrown at it . "	Sci-fi series "  Fringe " was renewed early for a full fourth season on Thursday Recent move to Friday worried fans and some TV critics alike Fan devotion alone usually is n't enough to keep shows on air but does n't hurt
Tunnels under the U.S.-Mexico border are nothing new , but authorities spotted two smugglers taking a different approach this week : driving a Jeep over the 14-foot fence dividing the two countries . But the makeshift ramp the suspects propped up at the border near Yuma , Arizona , did n't work , officials said . U.S. Border Patrol agents patrolling the area saw the Jeep get stuck . It was left wedged atop the fence , and its drivers fled into Mexico , the patrol said in a statement . It was not immediately clear what the vehicle may have been carrying . "  Suspects attempting to drive a vehicle over the border fence fell prey to their own devices , " the statement said . Border Patrol agents confiscated the vehicle and the makeshift ramp .	Suspected smugglers propped up a ramp along the border , officials say The Jeep they were driving got stuck and was left teetering atop the fence The drivers fled into Mexico , the U.S. Border Patrol says
London  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has been setting out his vision for the country in a speech to the loya jirga , or national assembly . Karzai called the four-day assembly to sound out tribal elders on a long-term pact with the U.S. military . He has already been critical of NATO , calling on limits to the remit of foreign troops . "  We want our sovereignty from today , " he told the meeting . CNN correspondents say the assembly is considered by many as an important step towards any possible peace deal with elements of the insurgency , and a test of Karzai 's strength as a cohesive leader . But the meeting has also drawn criticism . The UK 's Daily Telegraph questions its purpose and reports unnamed diplomats and Afghan politicians describing it as a piece of political theater that exists to rubber stamp decisions made by the president 's inner circle . And in a recent interview with The Washington Examiner , former presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah accused Karzai of "  manipulating the system for his benefit . " The Taliban has threatened to attack anyone who attends , and has published on a website what it claimed was government security plans for the meeting . The Afghan Interior Ministry has dismissed them as fake . Gareth Price examines some key questions for CNN about the assembly and whether it still has a role . What is the loya jirga ? According to the 2004 Afghan constitution , loya jirgas  or grand assemblies  are held to take decisions relating to Afghanistan 's independence , sovereignty , territorial integrity and the "  supreme interests of the country , " to amend the constitution or to prosecute the president . The current loya jirga is intended to discuss a proposed longer-term military relationship with the United States as well as ways to push forward reconciliation with the Taliban . The constitution also states that loya jirgas consist of members of the national assembly and the chairpersons of the provincial and district councils . However , tribal elders , religious leaders and representatives of civil society , also attend . In turn , a number of parliamentarians are boycotting the meeting . How did it originate ? Jirgas originated as a means of resolving differences between different Pashtun tribes  or clans  . Traditionally , Pashtun tribal elders and religious leaders held jirgas to meet to discuss problems , appoint new leaders and so forth . From the late 19th century representatives of Afghanistan 's other ethnic groups -- such as Tajiks , Hazaras and Uzbeks -- were invited and the process became more formalized . Some commentators have questioned its function . Why are they so critical ? The fundamental criticism of the loya jirga is that it sidelines the democratic institutions such as the parliament set up in recent years . The 250 members of Afghanistan 's lower house are marginalized by the 1,800 non-elected attendees of the meeting . This raises questions over the depth of democracy within the country . At the same time , a number of parliamentarians fear that President Hamid Karzai is planning to use the meeting to push through constitutional changes that would allow him to remain in power once his current term ends . At present the president is only allowed to serve two terms . Karzai has denied these claims . Why has the Taliban chosen to target the loya jirga ? One of the main subjects for discussion at the loya jirga is whether to allow the U.S. to maintain a longer-term military presence in Afghanistan . Many Afghans believe that without a U.S. presence , their country will be vulnerable to interference by its neighbors , as well as to the Taliban . The Taliban is attempting to position itself as a force resisting occupation , so aside from simply demonstrating its military reach , the loya jirga may make a decision which undermines their primary demand which is for foreign forces to leave . At the same time , the other element of the loya jirga is to push forward reconciliation with the Taliban . There is widespread public support within Afghanistan for the reconciliation process but an absence of strategy over how to push the process forward , particularly in the aftermath of the assassination of the head of the High Peace Council , Burhanuddin Rabbani , in September . However , amongst non-Pashtuns in particular , there is greater wariness of any moves that would allow the Taliban to return to power . Many of those most opposed have boycotted the meeting . Who gains from this meeting ? The U.S. will be pleased if the meeting backs the idea of military-bases . If the meeting provides a political strategy to deal with the Taliban , then it would be deemed a success . On the other hand , if the meeting fails to deliver then Karzai 's position will be weakened . Having chosen to sideline the democratic institutions , he needs to demonstrate that he does have a wider support base among traditional power structures . Do tribal and ethnic affiliations still have a bearing ? Tribal and ethnic affiliations remain strong in Afghan society , and particularly in rural areas . With a multitude of languages spoken in Afghanistan , most Afghans first identify with others who speak the same language . However , tribal , familial and geographic identities are also important . Many Afghans place their "  clan " identity before their "  ethnic " identity . Such localized loyalties appear to have intensified as society broke down during the Soviet occupation and in the subsequent civil war . So is there a future for this loya jirga system of government ? While notions of tribal identity remain strong , there will be a constant temptation to sideline elected institutions . At the same time , the "  democratic " institutions also have an over-representation of "  traditional " tribal leaders . Political power stems from gaining votes : tribal leaders frequently decide which way their group will vote in the hope of gaining access to patronage in the future . At the same time , political parties are also sidelined in the current political system , reinforcing a system in which access to power and resources stems from family links rather than political differences . Both factors suggest that the power of tribal elites , and hence of jirgas , is going to remain a factor in Afghan politics for a while . In time , if Afghanistan was to undergo a sustained period of economic development and urbanization it would seem reasonable to assume that traditional power structures would be replaced by newer democratic institutions , based on merit or political ideology rather than birthright . However , for the foreseeable future , that seems a long way off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gareth Price .	Jirgas originated as a way of resolving differences between different Pashtun tribes Gareth Price says a criticism of the loya jirga is that it sidelines democratic institutions Price adds that Karzai needs to demonstrate that he has wider support among traditional power structures He says the power of tribal elites is going to remain a factor in Afghan politics for a while
CNN  -- Coming home from Asia , Barack Obama is obviously going through another rough patch in his presidency . But this time , it could be more dangerous : He is perilously close to becoming a lame duck 33 months before he leaves office . That is bad for him , bad for the country and bad for the world . The second term of a presidency often follows an arc . As Lyndon Johnson told his aides after his landslide victory in 1964 , you 've got about a year to get things done at home . And second-term presidents have often seized on those early months for domestic accomplishments . After that , Washington becomes mired in midterm politicking , and in your third year , people start looking over your shoulder at who is coming next . With power seeping away at home , second-termers increasingly turn their attention overseas , where they can still get big things done as commander in chief of the most powerful nation in history . That 's why presidents spend so much time on the road in their final years . Obama 's second term is a total aberration . Resisted by obstructionists among Republicans and plagued by his own mistakes , the first 12 months after re-election were a bust . Why he and his team did n't take more care in the rollout of the Affordable Care Act website will remain one of the great mysteries for historians . But it has now become equally puzzling why he has not become more sure-footed in foreign affairs . He is one of the brightest men ever to occupy the office , and yet his learning curve has been among the flattest . Talking to players on the world stage -- most of whom still want him to succeed -- one finds them genuinely rattled , worried about a lack of national will and operational competence . On the tail end of his Asia trip , Obama told the press that in foreign policy , he thinks a president hits mostly singles and doubles and an occasional home run . It was odd enough that given his huge power and influence , he thinks small ball . But he also raised the question : Why so long between home runs ? When was the last one ? Three years ago with Osama bin Laden ? Not to overdo his analogy , but the years since have brought a notable string of strikeouts . The administration would vigorously disagree , but just how much success can it genuinely claim in Syria , Egypt , Libya or even Iraq ? Or the Russian reset ? Or Ukraine ? The administration 's increasing focus on Asia is a welcome move , but it too has gone less well than expected . Experts have long said that much of the success of the famous "  pivot " will depend upon completion of the Trans-Pacific Partnership , the most important trade agreement in decades . To its credit , the administration has aggressively pursued the deal but to little avail . The President 's trip to Tokyo revealed that the partnership is in serious trouble , mired down by domestic politics in both the U.S. and Japan . Obama did provide much-needed assurances to Japan about American credibility as a military ally . Still , the facts remain that even as the U.S. cuts defense spending , China is boosting its defense budget by 12 % and flexing its muscles off its shores . With nationalism on the rise across Asia and sparks starting to fly , who can be certain that America will be there to put out a fire ? The net result is of a president who sadly seems diminished both at home and abroad . He appears to have only minimal objectives with the current Congress -- passage of a higher minimum wage and pieces of an immigration bill -- and may not get either . Most Americans still want him to succeed , but when television executives put him on the air , audiences often melt away . Even before the midterms , voters are looking over his shoulder at who comes next . "  Waiting for Hillary " is a bigger story than "  What Happened to Obama ? " And there are few prospects for home runs overseas . This is bad news and not just for the President 's personal fortunes . America needs a strong , effective president year in , year out , to help propel us forward . Our success as a people has depended on our capacity to solve the problems of today so we can move on to tomorrow . The endless evasions and diversions are tying us in knots and draining our spirits . The world needs strong , effective American leadership as well ; for all our mistakes like Iraq , the U.S. is the one nation that still has the power to keep world order . But in the twinkle of an eye , we have gone from being indispensable to indisposed . There is no obvious game plan for Obama to bounce back . It would help if he and his team promised less and delivered more . It would help if more Republicans put the country first . The White House must also avoid the clear danger of so eagerly wanting a big breakthrough -- say , in negotiations with Iran -- that it weakens our security . No deal is always better than a bad deal . But mostly , the Obama team probably has to be patient . Fresh opportunities for leadership will come ; they always do at the White House . And for all his troubles , the President retains enormous powers and public good will . It is in not in our national interest to have a lame duck for 33 months .	David Gergen : Obama is experiencing another low point in his presidency He says there 's a risk Obama could be seen as a lame duck for next 33 months Gergen : A second-term president still can be a strong leader , particularly overseas He says Obama should n't diminish the potential impact of his decisions
CNN  -- With the Alps looming large , Norway 's Alexander Kristoff took his chance to fulfill a childhood dream and sprint to victory in a stage of the Tour de France Thursday . The powerfully built Kristoff will be off the pace when the road goes upwards on Friday 's 13th stage , but on the less taxing 185.5 km run from Bourg-en-Bresse to Saint-Etienne he was in his element in the finishing dash . The Katusha rider hit the front with a powerful surge and held off green jersey holder Peter Sagan of Slovakia , who again missed out on a stage win despite his consistent high finishes . The 27-year-old Kristoff has come to the fore this season with a victory in the Milan-San Remo one-day classic but was desperate for a Tour de France stage win . "  I was dreaming about this since I was a child and to finally achieve it is amazing , " Kristoff told Eurosport after his victory . The stage was not totally flat and contained four climbs deemed worthy of classification , enough to end the chances of Kristoff 's great rival Marcel Kittel , who has three victories already on the 2014 Tour . A five-man breakaway was reeled in on the descent of the final climb and after that it was down to the teams with recognized sprinters to get organized for the bunch sprint . Race leader Vincenzo Nibali retained his two minute 23 second advantage over second-placed Richie Porte of Team Sky , but is aware that the battle for overall honors is reaching a crucial point . "  The Alps will be very tough , " said the Italian . "  Tomorrow and the next day are really important stages for the Tour de France . " One man missing will be Garmin-Sharp 's Andrew Talansky , who rode so heroically to the finish of the 11th stage , despite the effects of heavy falls earlier in the Tour . He made it inside the time limit , but before the start of Thursday 's stage it was announced that the 25-year-old American had pulled out . "  I 'm absolutely heartbroken to leave the Tour , " he said . "  I had hoped the rest day  Tuesday  would allow me time to recover from me injuries . " A team doctor said Talansky was suffering from acute sacroiliitis , a condition which causes acute pain in the buttocks and legs as well as a chest infection . He joins other major contenders such as reigning champion Chris Froome and two-time winner Alberto Contador on the sidelines , all victims of crashes .	Alexander Kristoff wins 12th stage of Tour de France Outduels green jersey holder Peter Sagan in sprint finish Vincenzo Nibali retains yellow jersey of race leader Andrew Talansky pulls out of stage 11 heroics
Russia looks richer in the snow . Muscovites , as they always have , stroll the main boulevard , Tverskaya Street , in their fur coats and hats on snowy evenings , basking in the holiday lights and decorations , their capital transformed into an icy wonderland . Moscow 's coffee shops are full of young Russians still willing to pay 300 to 400 rubles for a latte . But the foreign currency exchange shops I pass are an ominous sign . Just a few weeks ago , 300 rubles was worth about $ 10 . Now , it 's about half that . Thursday , I exchange dollars for rubles and get a rate of 54.20 . By Saturday it 's 57 rubles to the dollar . Consumer prices are up about 8 % from a year ago . Inflation is growing at its fastest pace in three years . In the food store where I used to shop , I search in vain for my favorite imported cheese . It 's fallen victim to Russia 's ban on dairy , meat , fruit , poultry , fish and other products imported from the West -- Moscow 's retaliation for U.S. and European economic sanctions over its actions in Ukraine . Even the price of bread , which holds a near-sacred place in Russian popular culture , is rising . The business daily Kommersant reported that bread prices will increase 5 % to 10 % in the near future due to the rising price of "  flour , grain , sugar , foreign raw materials , packing supplies and transportation costs . " Food wholesalers want to adjust consumer prices more frequently , once a week instead of every 45 days , according to the paper . In Moscow 's working-class neighborhoods , the falling ruble is reawakening old fears and old methods of coping with economic uncertainty . Some middle-aged Russians , who lived through the economic chaos of the early 1990s , are beginning to put away reserves of salt , matches , macaroni , flour and other staples . Middle-class Russians are buying TVs , cars and household appliances , convinced that prices after New Year 's will be higher . "  Russians live one day at a time , " a 40-year-old woman who works for a livery service tells me . "  We never know what the future will bring . " A new Russian poll shows that Russians are losing confidence in the future and are making plans for only a few months in advance . In that poll , by VTsIOM , 51 % of those questioned said they are confident in the future , down from 61 % in the spring of this year . Nearly half said "  life is difficult , but bearable . " The U.S. and Europe imposed economic sanctions in response to President Vladimir Putin 's actions in Ukraine and Crimea , but Putin blames the West for trying to weaken Russia . His fellow citizens , by and large , agree ; Putin 's latest public approval rating is an overwhelming 82 % . But some , especially among Russia 's beleaguered political opposition , see a silver lining in the economy 's woes : the end , sooner or later , of the Putin regime . "  My prognosis ? In three years the situation will change , " Dmitry Stepanov of the liberal RPR-PARNAS Party told me at an opposition conference in Moscow . "  The country is in economic crisis and no one in the government knows how to solve that . " The economy will tank , Stepanov predicted , "  and this will elicit mass dissatisfaction among the public . That will activate political battles , and that will lead to a peaceful change of power . " Several people I spoke with at the conference said there 's a perfect storm brewing that could sweep Putin from office : low oil prices resulting in plunging profits for Russia , Western sanctions , and a faltering economy . But no one I spoke with wanted that "  perfect storm " to end in revolution . The conference , "  Crisis in Russia-E.U. Relations : Causes and Ways Out , " was held on December 12 , Russia 's Constitution Day , and brought together approximately 200 members of the opposition along with some liberal European politicians . It was co-sponsored by Russia 's liberal opposition party , RPR-PARNAS -- short for the Republican Party of Russia/Party of People 's Freedom -- and the transnational European party , the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe . One of the hosts : Mikhail Kasyanov , co-leader of RPR-PARNAS , who served as minister of finance from 1999 to 2000 and as Russia 's prime minister from 2000 to 2004 . Putin fired him , along with his Cabinet , shortly before running for and winning a second presidential term . The current Kremlin policy , Kasyanov told me , is "  leading nowhere , " and he predicted growing economic and political problems . "  We want to force the present leadership of the country , using pressure from society , to change its aggressive course in its international as well as domestic policy and abide by the Russian Constitution , " he said . Just where that pressure will come from , however , is not clear . Historically , the opposition has been divided internally , and so far , Putin has most Russians on his side . One participant in the conference , who works in a nongovernmental organization and did not want her name used , told me that Putin wo n't willingly leave power . " "  He will never leave of his own accord , " she said , "  so somebody will have to help him . And they will do that once they are frustrated enough . " His inner circle , she said , could turn on him . "  They are Russians like everybody else , so their patience is very , very long , " she told me . "  One day , however , it will crack . That 's what I think . What it will take to crack , I do n't know . "	Consumer prices in Moscow soar , ruble falls , some Russians stockpile essentials Poll shows Russians ' confidence in future is fading Russian President Putin blames economic woes on the West ; his approval rating still sky-high Russian opposition hopes economic "  perfect storm " could bring down Putin regime
CNN  One is a former high school cornerback who also loves baseball . The other is a football fan who also played competitive golf . The two University of Oklahoma students at the center of a racist fraternity video have more than sports in common . They 're both under fire since the nine-second clip showed them making racial slurs against blacks . In it , students at the now-disbanded Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity clap , pump their fists and laugh as they hurl racial slurs and make a reference to lynching . School officials have expelled Parker Rice and Levi Pettit because of their alleged "  leadership role " in the racist chant . Here 's what we know about the two students : Rice , 19 , was raised in Dallas , where he recently graduated from Jesuit College Preparatory School . In high school , he was an avid sportsman , and he played cornerback on the football team , in addition to baseball , The Dallas Morning News reported . His father , Bob Rice , is a real estate agent in Dallas , where he volunteers for various organizations , including a baseball league and the local YMCA , according to the newspaper . Earlier this year , a sibling of the younger Rice described their close relationship in an interview with their high school newspaper . In the article , the brother says they enjoy playing video games and watching movies together . Rice has apologized for the video , calling his actions wrong and reckless . "  I made a horrible mistake by joining into the singing and encouraging others to do the same , " he said in a statement Tuesday . His family has fled their home , where protesters gathered Wednesday . They 've also wiped out their social media accounts . As the university tries to heal after days of controversy , some are rallying to Rice 's defense . Matthew Lopez , a friend and fellow student at the university , said the video is not a reflection of who he is . "  That video does not represent his core personality , " Lopez said . "  Unfortunately though , as things are , that might define him for a while . But it does not define him personally , I feel . " Lopez described him as a "  charismatic , good person , with a good soul and a good spirit " who experienced a lapse in judgment . "  His behavior is a result of his influence of the fraternity system and the traditions that have been embedded since pre-civil war times , when the fraternity was made , which obviously were n't the most tolerant times , " Lopez said . The second student expelled , Pettit does not have much of a digital footprint . What appears to be his now deleted Twitter page mainly focuses on his musings about college football . Pettit played golf at his alma mater , Highland Park High School , The Dallas Morning News reported . In a statement , his parents said their son made a horrible mistake and apologized to African-Americans , students and university faculty . "  He is a good boy , but what we saw in those videos is disgusting , " Brody and Susan Pettit said . "  While it may be difficult for those who only know Levi from the video to understand , we know his heart , and he is not a racist . " CNN has reached out to both students but has not heard back from Rice . A spokesman for the Pettit family declined CNN 's request for an interview .	"  That video does not represent his core personality , " a friend of Parker Rice says Levi Pettit , the second student expelled , mainly focused on college football on social media
The divisiveness of the abortion debate was on full display in the Texas statehouse Monday as SB1 , also known as the fetal pain bill , was opened to public comment by the Senate Health and Human Services Committee . Thousands began lining up early in the morning , and the testimony was expected to last more than 16 hours . The measure seeks to ban abortions after 20 weeks of gestation , the point at which some claim fetuses begin to feel pain . Republican state Sen. Bob Deuell acknowledged that there are conflicting opinions in the medical community about fetal pain but remains a firm supporter of the bill . "  Are we willing to take a chance that a baby at 20 weeks can feel pain ? There was little to no middle ground in the debate . Those in favor of abortion rights accused Republicans of creating a bill based on religion rather than science . Anti-abortion activists accuse the other side of using personal liberty to justify infanticide . Throughout the day the committee called upon dozens of speakers , seating those with opposing views right next to each other . For anti-abortion activists such as Lady Teresa Toms , the bill does n't go far enough . "  God says , ' I knew you before you were even knitted in your mother 's womb . ' That baby is a baby from the beginning . There is no way that you need scientific evidence to know that that baby feels pain , " she said . "  We have laws on the books now that say if you murder a pregnant woman you are charged with two murders ... so what is the difference here ? " But for Sarah Shimmer , the bill is an egregious violation of women 's rights . "  I am a Republican woman , but regardless of what my personal beliefs and experiences are , my personal reproductive choices do not give me the right to restrict other women . " In addition to banning abortions after 20 weeks , the bill would require clinics that provide abortions to become ambulatory surgical centers ; would tighten guidelines for administering the drug RU486 , which can terminate early pregnancies ; and would require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . Critics of the measure said it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas , denying access to many , while proponents say it would raise the standard of care for women . The initial bill failed on June 25 after a dramatic day and night in which state Sen. Wendy Davis , a Democrat , talked for more than 10 hours in an attempt to run out the clock on the legislative session . But Gov. Rick Perry called a special session so the legislature could take up the measure again . Perry 's announcement that he would not be running for re-election fueled speculation about whether Davis can help rejuvenate the Texas Democratic party , which has n't won a statewide election since 1994 . Davis has not yet announced any plans and released a statement congratulating Perry on his lifetime of public service adding , "  I feel confident the next campaign will sort itself out in due time . " Planned Parenthood was quick to condemn the governor in a statement : "  Rick Perry has done more to hurt women than any governor in history . Perry 's legacy is endangering women 's health in order to score political points with the far-right tea party fringe . " The Senate committee is expected to vote on the bill after the House version of the bill is brought to the floor . That is expected to happen Tuesday , when the legislature reconvenes .	Thousands of people attend state Senate hearing on Texas abortion bill in Austin Bill would ban abortions after 20 weeks , tighten requirements for clinics that perform procedure The Legislature is in special session after Sen. Wendy Davis successfully filibustered the bill
CNN  The announcement this year of a new , original Dr. Seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across Twitter , and months before publication , the number of pre-orders for "  What Pet Should I Get ? " continues to climb . To keep up with demand , the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , Barbara Marcus , president and publisher of Random House Children 's Books , said in a news release Monday . "  We were absolutely overjoyed to see the response to ` What Pet Should I Get ? ' from every corner of the book world -- the bookselling community , media , educators , and readers nationwide , " Marcus said . The publisher also released to CNN a never-before-seen image from the new volume by Dr. Seuss , aka Theodor Geisel . It features a brother and sister familiar to Seuss fans as they ogle a prim feline in a pet shop window and ponder : "  We want a pet . We want a pet . What kind of pet should we get ? " When "  What Pet Should I Get ? " debuts July 28 , it will be the first new , original Dr. Seuss book since "  Oh , the Places You 'll Go ! " in 1990 . It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "  One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish " and is believed to have been written between 1958 and 1962 . "  Ted loved and had pets himself , as a young boy on up through adulthood , and that makes the wonderful excitement and buzz for this new book all the more special , " said Susan Brandt , president , licensing and marketing of Dr. Seuss Enterprises . Geisel 's widow , Audrey Geisel , found the manuscript and illustrations in their California home soon after her husband died in 1991 . The materials were set aside and then rediscovered in 2013 . Random House Children 's Books said in February that it expects to release additional books from the found materials . It only seems to prove the brother and sister 's lesson from "  One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish . " "  From there to here , from here to there , funny things are everywhere . "	Dr. Seuss ' new book , "  What Pet Should I Get ? " will have a first printing of 1 million copies The publisher released a never-before-seen image from inside the book by Theodor Geisel
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- In the world of business -- where book titles like "  Only the Paranoid Survive " thrive -- successful executives hope for the best but plan for the worst . Quarantined guests at Hong Kong 's Metropark hotel wave to world press . But no amount of planning could have prevented the bad luck that befell the Metropark hotel group last week . The Metropark Hotel in Wanchai was shut down when a guest -- having recently arrived from his native Mexico -- fell ill with the city 's first reported case of H1N1 . City health officials , chastened by the experience of SARS , quickly quarantined the hotel and its nearly 300 guests and employees . The city is trying to avoid a repeat of what happened in 2003 , when a doctor from nearby Guangzhou came to the Hong Kong to attend a wedding . During his one-night stay the doctor , who had been treating patients with an unusual respiratory ailment , fell ill himself . He infected at least 10 other guests , according to Hong Kong University research . Those guests then spread SARS to the rest of world . That hotel ? The Metropark Hotel in Kowloon . Formerly known as the Metropole , that hotel was ground zero for the first reported case of SARS in Hong Kong . Both hotels are among four properties owned in the city by a subsidiary of China Travel International , which operates 50 hotels in China . With the world press corps parked outside taking photographs of bored , confined customers , the hotel chain is realistic about its potential impact on business . "  Revenue loss and image damage is a concern , " said Benny Ng , an operations manager for the chain . "  When an incident like this happens , obviously , it will have a little impact on the business . "  With this and the incident in 2003 ,  the situation  was not caused by the hotel , and has nothing to do with the hygiene or the facilities of the property , " he said . "  What we can do is try our best to make our guests , and the staff , comfortable to help them to overcome the quarantine and difficult times in forthcoming days . " The markets seem to have shrugged off the flu scare -- shares of Hong Kong-listed China Travel International rose by nearly 6 percent in trading Monday . Still , what are the odds of the city 's first reported outbreak of two separate new illnesses being found at the same small hotel chain ? To calculate that , you would need to consider a variety of factors akin to the computation of lightning striking the same place twice . "  It does seem like a bit of a freak occurrence , " said Dr. Alan D Miller , an expert on economics and game theory at the University of Haifa . "  But freak occurrences do happen . "	Metropark Wanchai guest Hong Kong 's first reported H1N1 case First documented SARS case in 2003 was a guest at sister hotel in Kowloon More than 300 guests and employees quarantined until Friday
EW.com  -- In the popular Lee Child thrillers from which "  Jack Reacher " has been fashioned , the title character 's physical dimensions are integral to his mysterious-loner-silent-drifter-violent-hero stature : He 's 6 ' 5 " , brawny , and blond . So Tom Cruise , who is not , has his work cut out for him in his mission to impress both those who already have strong notions about how Reacher ought to look and those just now meeting the freelance one-man justice league and trying to take his measure . That Cruise fails to make a case for Reacher 's allure , though , has less to do with physical dissonance than it does with the film 's inability -- stupefying inability , really -- to otherwise make a case for the character 's originality in a movie so choked with visual clichés and dreadfully moldy dialogue . Written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie  who previously worked with Cruise on "  Valkyrie "  , "  Jack Reacher " stumbles around looking for a unifying narrative tone , while the star soldiers on , offering up his generic action-hero stance of calm , opaque concentration .  An obligatory shirtless shot of Cruise confirms that his famous discipline in all things physical and mental still pays off . EW : Best and worst nudity of 2012 The story , meanwhile , is run-of-the-mill muscular pulp . While all evidence points to a former military sniper in the apparently random shooting of five victims , JR follows his own instincts -- calmly , opaquely , except when he 's a coldly violent fighting machine -- and draws his own conclusions . Along the way , he crosses paths with a Russian mobster sinister enough to sound exactly like Werner Herzog , maybe because Herzog plays said mobster with lip-smacking gusto and a display of tiny teeth . And Reacher works side by side with a Blond Lady DA -- probably as good a name for her as any , since British beauty Rosamund Pike  "  An Education "  is given a Jane Doe of a role to work with . "  Jack Reacher " does n't play well with others ; Jack Reacher is an argument to leave the guy alone . Grade : C + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jack Reacher " is based on the popular Lee Child thrillers The star , Tom Cruise , does not resemble the character 's description EW gives it a grade of C +
CNN  -- He did n't win the 14th stage of the Tour de France but Chris Froome 's Saturday at cycling 's most prestigious race was better than his Friday . Although he still held the overall lead heading into Saturday , the Team Sky racer saw his advantage trimmed by both Bauke Mollema and two-time Tour winner Alberto Contador . Contador , considered Froome 's main rival , made up more than a minute to pull to within three minutes . Froome , deprived of the services of injured teammate Edvald Boasson Hagen , was left behind the breakaway pack . In Saturday 's 118-mile trek from Saint-Pourcain-sur-Sioule to Lyon , though , Froome came away unscathed as the main contenders enjoyed a fairly routine outing . Belkin 's Mollema remains two minutes , 28 seconds behind Froome , with Saxo-Tinkoff 's Contador staying 2:45 behind . There was no change in the top two of the points standings , either . Cannondale 's Peter Sagan kept his lead of 84 points over Mark Cavendish . A "  really big test , " as Froome put it , comes Sunday as the 15th stage is the longest of the Tour and concludes at the summit of Mont Ventoux . Riders face a steep 13-mile climb to reach the summit . "  It 's an extremely historical climb in terms of cycling so there 'll be a lot of guys going for it to try and win , " Froome told the Tour 's website . "  It 's going to be quite a tactical game tomorrow in the early parts of the race but once we hit the mountain it 's all about who has got the legs and that part of the race is quite straight forward . " Italy 's Matteo Trentin made it two stage wins in a row for Omega Pharma-Quick Step when he came from behind to beat Switzerland 's Michael Albasini by half a wheel in a sprint finish . Cavendish claimed his 25th stage victory overall on Friday . "  It 's my first win as a pro , " said Trentin . "  When you work alongside a rider like Cavendish , you learn a thing or two . I just waited patiently and unleashed my sprint with  110 yards  to go . "  We 're all super happy . All my teammates came behind the podium to congratulate me and that was really nice . " Hopes of a first French stage winner this year were dashed when Julien Simon was caught near the end . "  It 's infuriating to miss out on a stage win because we know that , for our team , the opportunities are rare , " Sojasun 's Simon said . "  Today we had one chance , and then in the Alps we are on terrain that is not favorable to us . "	A day after his lead was cut , Chris Froome maintained his two-minute advantage Bauke Mollema and Alberto Contador trail Froome ahead of Sunday 's long 15th stage Italy 's Matteo Trentin won the 14th stage Saturday in a sprint finish over Michael Albasini
CNN  -- Rescued after spending eight days lost at sea , Tressel Hawkins was happy to be back in Texas . Three missing boaters were returned safely to Port Aransas , Texas , after their rescue on Saturday . "  Actually , it feels great to be on solid ground , " he told CNN on Sunday . Hawkins , 43 , and his fellow boaters , Curtis Hall , 28 , and James Phillips , 30 , set out to catch swordfish and marlin when they set sail about 100 miles south of Matagorda Bay in Texas . But one night early on during their trip in the Gulf of Mexico , Hawkins was jolted by a "  rude awakening . " The bean bag Hawkins was sleeping on started to float beneath him , he said . There was a water extractor malfunction , causing so much water to get into the boat that the water was knee high , he said . Watch CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield talk to Hawkins " There were yells and screams and attempts to stop the flooding , but it was too late . The boat capsized . They jumped ship , wondering how it all happened so quickly . "  We 're just trying to get each other calm and try to get as much stuff as we could because we knew automatically it was going to be a survival test , " he said . Watch two other fishermen describe ordeal " The men were missing at sea since August 22 . The Coast Guard had searched a week for three men before calling off the search Friday after it said it had looked more than 86,000 square miles . A day after the Coast Guard ended its search , the crew of a private vessel found the three sitting on top of their capsized 23-foot fishing vessel about 180 miles from Port Aransas , Texas , the Coast Guard said in a news release . Hawkins said that when they saw the boat they waved it down to catch the boaters ' attention . They were all "  crying " and "  celebrating . " "  We had been through so much of an ordeal we were already celebrating before we got on his boat . " After the rescue , Hall went to a hospital in Corpus Christi , Texas , but left after he waited too long in the emergency room , his mother told CNN . He returned to his home in Palacio , Texas , to rest and will see a doctor later on Sunday for what he thinks are second-degree burns on his legs from sun exposure , she said . Phillips was on his way home to reunite with his family , his wife , Shane , told CNN . He did not seek medical attention , she said . Hawkins suffered open sores on his legs after floating in the water for eight days . He plans to head to Fort Worth , Texas , to reunite with his family , he said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Karen Zuker contributed to this report .	Three fishermen missing since August 22 were found Saturday on capsized boat Boater spotted fishermen about 180 miles from coast of Port Aransas , Texas Coast Guard had called off search for men on Friday
CNN  -- When Sunday Oliseh was a young boy kicking a football around the dusty streets of Lagos , he never dreamed he would one day carry the hopes of 170 million people on the world 's biggest sporting stage . "  As a child , the World Cup was something that was not for us but for others , " says the man who became one of Nigeria 's pioneering football exports . "  It was something like a mirage for my nation until my generation came around . " Indeed , football was not even considered a respectable profession in the Oliseh household . "  For my parents growing up , football was taboo and you could understand them because way back then , in Africa , nobody made a living out of playing football , " the 39-year-old tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  For my parents , there was no way you could play football because you 're going to grow up , become older and be unemployed , so you had to be schooled and I really thanked them because it 's made me get that education that has helped me to manage myself as an adult . "  In the do-or-die world of football , if you 're not really educated and paper smart , you could sign contracts that will hurt you forever , so I thank them immensely . " Oliseh quickly won over his parents when he earned a contract at local club Julius Berger . Now known as Bridge Boys , it has provided a stepping stone to bigger things for a long line of international players . "  I remember coming home with my first wages and my father called my brothers and said , ` Look , your brother is earning way , way more than I earned as an accountant for his first contract , ' " Oliseh recalls . "  That 's when we were just like , ` Wow , there 's something starting here . ' " It was a journey that would take him far from home -- to clubs in Belgium , Italy , Germany , the Netherlands . Oliseh , a defensive midfielder , would captain his country , win an Olympic gold medal , and star at World Cups in the United States and France . African nations had regularly appeared at the World Cup since the 1970s , but Nigeria had to wait until 1994 for its first appearance . The scene was the Cotton Bowl in Dallas , and the opponent was a star-studded Bulgaria team that would go on to reach the semifinals . "  We were so nervous , " Oliseh says . "  The men 's room was filled up before the game . " The talented Super Eagles  and their bladders  need n't have been so concerned . Oliseh and co. powered to an impressive 3-0 victory and topped the group despite losing to an Argentina team captained by Diego Maradona . "  I got the opportunity to rub shoulders with the player whose poster was on my wall at the time , " Oliseh says . "  He was the best player of our generation . That was when it dawned on me that I was ready for the big league . " The Super Eagles lost to eventual runner-up Italy after extra time in the last 16 , but their swashbuckling style captured the imagination of fans around the world and set the tone for a golden age of Nigerian football . Next came Olympic success at Atlanta ' 96 , beating Argentina 3-2 in the final with a last-gasp winner . "  My parents called me the next day and said , ` Son , you owe us money ! ' and I said , "  How come Papa and Mama ? " and they said , ` All the neighbors have been here drinking so when you come back , you have to pay us back ! ' "  Nigeria went crazy . The President gave the whole country two days off . No work , we had to celebrate this -- so that shows you how much it meant to my nation and to Africa . " For Oliseh , the 1998 World Cup was even better as he scored one of the goals of the tournament in a 3-2 win against Spain , though Nigeria would lose heavily to Denmark in round two . The goal was not only special for sending Nigeria into the knockout stage , but also because it was predicted by former teammate Dosu Joseph -- a goalkeeper whose career was ended by a serious car crash . "  All I could think about was , ` Damn , Dosu Joseph said this ! ' So he was the one I was running up to in the stands , to my brother to just share the moment with them , " Oliseh says . "  And my nation was going through a dark period at the time . Our President had just died , and this victory united our nation again . " These were halcyon sporting days that the football-mad country has yet to repeat . Oliseh helped Nigeria qualify for the 2002 World Cup , but was not selected for the finals . As would happen again at the team 's next appearance -- at Africa 's first World Cup in 2010 -- Nigeria exited at the group stage . But now , Africa 's most populous nation is daring to dream again . And the omens are strong . Just like in 1994 , the Super Eagles will go into the World Cup finals as African champions , and in Brazil they have been handed what is on paper a favorable draw after qualifying undefeated . Once again they will face Argentina , along with Iran and tournament debutant Bosnia-Herzegovina in Group F . But while the makings of a good team are there , Oliseh warns the present squad will have to go a long way to match the vintage sides of the mid - '90s . "  The World Cup group of 1994 , as far as I see it , was the most solid team Nigeria ever produced , " Oliseh says . "  Football in Nigeria during our generation hit the highest it could go . It became worldwide , it became a nation of footballers . " By comparison , today 's Nigerian stars have had a head start in making it in the game -- in many ways they are standing on the shoulders of giants . Victor Moses , Efe Ambrose and Emmanuel Emenike all earn big money plying their trade for Europe 's elite teams , having been scouted and groomed from an early age . "  My generation was blessed with this burden of being pioneers , " Oliseh says . "  You did n't have anybody who had done it before that you could ask and say , ` Look , what is it like ? ' " "  When I went to the Italian league I was the first -- I had no other Nigerian to call up and say , ` How did you cope ? ' " No matter . With a confident and enthusiastic attitude to life , much like his playing style , the position of nomadic footballing trailblazer suited Oliseh . He was one of the first Nigerians to play in Belgium , spending four years at RFC Liege before moving to Reggiana in Italy after the 1994 World Cup . A season in Serie A was followed by a move to FC Cologne in Germany then a sojourn in Holland with Ajax of Amsterdam . While in the Dutch capital Oliseh would endear himself to the Ajax faithful with his dancing goal celebrations , picking up three trophies . Oliseh returned to Italy in 1999 for one season with Juventus before moving back to Germany , this time with Borussia Dortmund -- winning the Bundesliga title and a runner-up medal in the UEFA Cup . Each country provided different lessons in football and in life . "  The moment I got to Italy , then I found out football was not a pleasure , it was business , " he says . Germany taught him discipline and was "  where my way of living as a man was built . " Playing for Juventus , meanwhile , enabled Oliseh to live and play alongside legends of the modern game like Zinedine Zidane and Alessandro Del Piero -- which he describes as "  great for my own education as a person . " While there have been many Nigerians and thousands of Africans to follow in Oliseh 's footsteps in the 20 years since he made the move to Europe , African national teams have not developed in the same rapid manner . Pele famously said an African nation would win the World Cup before the year 2000 -- a prediction that has yet to be met . No African team has ever gone beyond the quarterfinals . Oliseh , who has set up coaching projects in Belgium since retiring in 2006 , has strong opinions on why this is the case . "  I think an African country will eventually win the World Cup . What is lacking now , it 's simple to say ... what is wrong is that we do n't plan well . We leave the planning 'til late , " he says . On the park , Oliseh also has a radical diagnosis for player development and tactics . "  Africans need to learn how to start pressurizing the opponents . Football has changed now . It 's no longer football where you pick individuals and expect them to do well , " he says . "  Now it 's more about team work , team dynamics , team schemes , things that are planned out . How to look at the opponent , how to bring about antidotes to the opponent 's playing star . "  When it comes to physical strength and bursts of speed , you ca n't beat an African . But what is lacking now is just that technical and tactical know-how . Then we 'll get it . " Oliseh 's World Cup days may be long past , but come June and July he will be watching events in Brazil with avid interest . "  If I was to live without football now , I think I would die -- even my kids sometimes are bored because Papa is always watching games . "	Sunday Oliseh played for Nigeria at the 1994 and 1998 World Cups Former midfielder was the first Nigerian to play in Italy 's Serie A Oliseh won an Olympic gold medal at the 1996 Atlanta Games He believes African nations must change their approach if they are ever to win a World Cup
Hinkley , California  CNN  -- Pacific Gas and Electric , the utility company at the center of a long standing water contamination problem in this small agricultural town , is trying to soothe growing unease by offering to buy homes located near a chemical plume In a letter to residents , which was also provided to CNN , the utility also said it will establish a community advisory group to "  more consistently hear concerns and feedback from the community . " The town of Hinkley became famous from the Oscar winning film "  Erin Brockovich " starring Julia Roberts . The movie , released in 2000 , chronicles how Brockovich , a paralegal , helped win a $ 333 million settlement from PG&E . Brockovich has been talking with residents about their renewed concerns . "  I 'm thinking somebody somewhere has been asleep at the wheel , " she told CNN . The problem arose after a chemical known as chromium 6 seeped into the groundwater . Chromium 6 was used between 1952 and 1966 to prevent rust in machinery at a nearby PG&E plant . The chemical has been proven to cause a number of life threatening illnesses , including cancer . According to Lahontan Regional Water Quality Control Board , the chemicals have continued to spread and traces of chromium 6 have been recently detected in a previously untainted aquifer . "  The remediation itself has been very effective , but an underground aquifer is something that is just difficult to centralize and keep in one area , " said Greg Pruett , a senior vice president for PG&E . The utility maintains that the drinking water meets safety standards set by California , but acknowledges that it needs to give residents a sense of confidence that it takes their concerns seriously . To that end , PG&E is giving some residents free bottles of water . In addition , residents who live over or next to the chemical plume will be able to participate in PG&E 's home purchase program . Pruett hopes residents view it as a good faith offer . "  Our attitude is lets work with you . Lets purchase your property -- and let 's help you relocate , " he said	Utility says it will establish a community advisory group Hinkley became famous from the Oscar winning film "  Erin Brockovich " starring Julia Roberts In the movie , a paralegal , helps win a $ 333 million settlement from PG&E
CNN  -- Acts of terror and sectarian violence killed 659 Iraqis and injured almost 1,400 in November , according to casualty figures released by the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq . Bombings account for many of the deaths , but U.N. officials warn that they 're seeing a surge in execution-style killings that "  have been carried out in a particularly horrendous and unspeakable manner , " said Nickolay Mladenov , the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq . Two groups of execution-style killings were discovered Wednesday when Iraqi security forces found 13 unidentified bodies -- each shot in the head . Eight of the bodies were found in the Arab Jabour district , a Sunni enclave in southern Baghdad . Five other bodies turned up in al-Shulaa , a Shiite area in the northwestern part of the capital . "  The Iraqi authorities should take immediate steps to find and hold accountable the perpetrators of these crimes and to implement effective measures to ensure the protection of all citizens , " Mladenov said in a statement . So far this year , 7,157 civilians and 952 Iraqi security forces have died in sectarian violence , according to U.N. figures . Bombings in Baghdad Convulsions of violence in Iraq leave more than 20 dead CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	More than 2,000 Iraqis were killed and injured in Iraq in November , U.N. says Many were killed by bombs , but U.N. officials warn of growth in execution-style killings U.N. urges Iraqi security forces to step up and protect civilians So far this year , more than 8,000 Iraqis have been killed
CNN  -- Foreign journalists working in China have faced a number of "  negative trends " over the past year , according to the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China . Several journalists from U.S. news organizations Bloomberg and the New York Times faced unexplained delays in renewing their press cards and visas after publishing controversial stories . Here 's a timeline of the key moments leading up to the visa row : May 8 , 2012 Al Jazeera is forced to close its English-language bureau in China and is refused a visa renewal for correspondent Melissa Chan . Though Chinese officials did n't elaborate on the reasons , observers believe it was due to the network 's decision to run a documentary about China 's controversial "  re-education through labor " camps . June 29 , 2012 Bloomberg publishes piece about the expanding business interests of Chinese President Xi Jinping 's extended family as he rose to power . Bloomberg 's website is later blocked in China . October 25 , 2012 New York Times , citing corporate and regulatory records , reports that family members of then Premier Wen Jiabao had amassed a fortune worth billions of dollars . October 26 , 2012 China blocks New York Times website after story on Wen Jiabao 's family wealth . December 31 , 2012 New York Times correspondent Chris Buckley is forced to leave China after he was refused a visa . He had rejoined the Times after moving from Reuters . The authorities suggested his application was filed incorrectly . November 8 , 2013 New York Times publishes piece suggesting that Bloomberg had taken a decision to curb stories liable to cause anger in China . November 9 , 2013 Veteran journalist Paul Mooney is denied a visa to work in China in a new position with Reuters . He is not given a reason . November 13 , 2013 New York Times runs a piece linking JPMorgan Chase to an obscure consulting firm in China run by 32-year-old Lily Chang -- the alias for "  Wen Ruchun , " the daughter of Wen Jiabao . December 5 , 2013 U.S. President Joe Biden criticizes China 's treatment of U.S. journalists and highlights the lack of press freedom in China as he meets U.S. reporters in Beijing . December 9 , 2013 In its year-end statement , the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China said that Chinese authorities were increasingly using the denial of visas , or delays in their approval , in an apparent effort to influence journalists ' coverage . It said that no correspondents for the New York Times and Bloomberg had been able to renew their annual residence visas , which had been subject to unusual and unexplained delays . December 19 , 2013 Bloomberg reporters and some New York Times reporters are issued press cards . New York Times spokesperson tells CNN company is hopeful that its resident journalists will be issued visas that will allow them to continue to work in the country .	Foreign journalists working in China have faced a number of "  negative trends " in past year Some reporters experienced unexplained delays renewing press cards and visas . Visa delays follow a series of high-profile reports on finances of Chinese leadership .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Top Obama administration officials outlined several new initiatives to safeguard the country 's food supply Tuesday , saying the recent spate of food-borne illnesses is unacceptable . Recent salmonella outbreaks , including one at Nestle , were called unacceptable by federal officials Tuesday . The FDA intends to issue new guidance over the next three months regarding steps the entire food industry can take to more quickly detect contamination sources and remove the unsafe products from stores . A new position at the agency -- deputy commissioner for foods -- will be created for the sole purpose of overseeing food protection . The commissioner will be part of a "  unified incident command system " established to address contamination outbreaks and facilitate responses at the federal , state , and local levels , officials said . In addition , they said , food safety information will be more effectively communicated to the public through a revamped Web site : www.foodsafety.gov . The announcement was made near the White House by Vice President Joe Biden , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack . "  There are few responsibilities more basic or more important ... for the government than making sure our families in America eat food that is not contaminated , " Biden said . Dozens of people have become sick in recent weeks due to a nationwide E. coli outbreak linked to tainted Nestle cookie dough . Spinach , peanut products , pistachios , peppers , mushrooms , alfalfa sprouts , have also been recent culprits , noted Sebelius . An estimated 5,000 Americans die annually after consuming contaminated food and tens of millions fall ill , she said . J.D. Hanson , a policy analyst for the Center for Food Safety , called the initiatives a good first step . "  They are the kinds of things we have been calling on previous administrations to do , and we 're glad this administration is moving fairly quickly on these issues , " he told CNN . Hanson praised the creation of the position of deputy commissioner for foods at the FDA , saying it should have happened long ago . "  You 'd think an agency called ` Food and Drug ' would have made food a priority a long time ago . They did n't until today . " But he said the government still is n't tough enough with the food industry . "  Their goal of 90 percent compliance with their new guidelines is not good enough . It needs to be very close to 100 percent compliance . " And he said bureaucracy stands in the way of improvement . "  Right now there are 13 federal agencies that deal with food safety . We would pull all of those functions into one agency . " Making eggs safer New safeguards to protect against salmonella contamination of eggs alone should cut the number of food-borne illnesses every year by roughly 80,000 , and generate an annual savings of over $ 1 billion , according to Sebelius . "  Salmonella enteritidis is a major cause of food-borne illness in the United States and eggs are a significant source , " Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg , commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration , told reporters in a telephone conference call . The $ 81 million program will translate into less than a penny per dozen eggs and will yield $ 1.4 billion in annual public health benefits , the agency said . In all , more than 79,000 of the 142,000 cases of sickness and 30 deaths associated with tainted eggs each year will be prevented , it predicted . Under the rule , egg producers must buy their chickens and hens from producers who monitor for salmonella bacteria , said Dr. Stephen F. Sundlof , director of the Food and Drug Administration 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition . If salmonella bacteria or its derivatives are detected , a sample of eggs from the facility must be tested over eight weeks , he said . If any test positive , the producer must process the eggs to destroy the bacteria or divert the eggs to non-food uses . In addition , henhouses must be tested and those that test positive must be cleaned and disinfected , he said . Under current law , eggs do not have to be refrigerated until they are packed for the ultimate consumer , said Nancy Bufano , a food technologist at the agency . "  What 's new here is requiring now that eggs must be refrigerated on the farm and during transport and storage beginning no later than 36 hours after the time they 're laid , " she said . A key part of the plan to reduce salmonella enteritidis is the requirement that producers institute rodent-control programs , said Darrell Trampel , a poultry veterinarian at Iowa State University in Ames , Iowa . "  Mice are notorious carriers of -LSB- salmonella enteritidis -RSB- and , in the fall when it starts getting cold , the mice start looking for a warmer home and some of them make their way into chicken houses , and then they leave their droppings behind in the feed and so the chickens pick it up in that manner . " Producers will have to pay more to comply with the testing requirements , "  but I do n't think this should put anybody out of business , " he said . The rules go into effect within a year for producers with more than 50,000 hens , which produce approximately 71 percent of eggs sold to consumers , the FDA 's Sundlof said . Those with fewer than 50,000 hens have three years to comply ; those with fewer than 3,000 hens or those that sell directly to consumers are exempt . About 1 in 200 eggs in flocks of fewer than 3,000 hens test positive for salmonella and derivatives , Sundlof said . Until now , egg quality assurance programs have been voluntary , Sundlof said . "  So the fact that they will now be required really gives us greater assurance . " Industry supports the requirements , though many of them have long been complying voluntarily , said Howard Magwire , director of government relations for United Egg Producers , a trade association . "  Our egg farmers have always done everything they could to provide a safe , affordable , high-protein product to consumers and for years we have been supportive of the concept of an egg-safety rule to address the salmonella enteritidis problem , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  Do we go out and do a pep rally for more regulation ? No , but at the same time , we understand why the industry has been moving that way . " CNN 's Tom Watkins and CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	Department wants better control of salmonella in eggs , turkey and poultry Control E. coli outbreaks by issuing new instructions regarding beef production FDA will release new safety standards to help prevent the contamination of produce Salmonella safeguards in eggs alone to cut food-borne illnesses by 80,000 a year
Americans spend quite a bit of money to show their love on Valentine 's Day  Thursday just in case a few of you needed reminding  . Here 's a breakdown , by the numbers : $ 130.97 -- The per person average estimated amount that people will spend on Valentine 's Day . 224 million -- The estimated number of roses grown for Valentine 's Day . 51 % -- The percentage of people who buy red roses for this holiday . 64 % -- The percentage of men who buy flowers for Valentine 's Day . 36 % -- The percentage of women who buy flowers for Valentine 's Day . $ 18.6 billion -- The total spending that will be reached by Valentine 's Day . $ 1.6 billion -- The amount people will spend on candy . $ 1.9 billion -- The amount people will spend on flowers . $ 4.4 billion -- The amount people will spend on diamonds , gold and silver . March 14 -- The day men give women romantic gifts in South Korea and Japan ; women give men chocolate on Valentine 's Day . $ 4.52 -- The average amount pet owners spent on their pets on Valentine 's Day in 2012 . 40.7 % -- The percentage of people who will use their Smartphone to purchase Valentine 's gifts . 85 % -- The percentage of men and women who say sex is an important part of Valentine 's Day . 6 million -- The number of people who expect or are planning a marriage proposal . 29 % -- The percentage of people who will type a romantic text message . 145 million -- The unit amount of Valentine 's cards purchased . 151 million -- The approximate number of cards that are exchanged on Valentine 's Day . 1,400 -- Varieties of Hallmark 's available Valentine 's greeting cards .	Will you buy cards , flowers , candy or jewelry for Valentine 's Day ? In South Korea and Japan , women give men candy on Valentine 's Day 6 million people are expecting or planning a Valentine 's Day marriage proposal
CNN  -- Ever wondered if a Greek is more trustworthy than a German ? Or if a Frenchman is more likely to help you out than a Brit ? Or which European nation is the most arrogant ? As Europe gears up for the Eurovision Song Contest -- an annual event that often seems to be less about the music than national stereotypes , kitsch and dubious voting patterns -- a survey has come out this week that could add fuel to the fire . For its study of attitudes in the European Union , the Pew Research Center surveyed people in eight European nations : Britain , the Czech Republic , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Poland and Spain . While much of the survey is focused on the effects of the economic crisis , those questioned also give an intriguing insight into the stereotypes they hold about their neighbors at a time of austerity . Asked which EU nation is most likely to be named most trustworthy , those in seven out of eight countries picked Germany . The only ones who disagree are the Greeks , who pick their homeland as the most trustworthy -- and label Germany the least trustworthy , the most arrogant and the least compassionate . "  The prominent role Germans have played in Europe 's response to the euro crisis has evoked decidedly mixed emotions from their fellow Europeans , " the report says . "  In the wake of the strict austerity measures imposed in Greece , Greek enmity toward the Germans knows little bound . " Germany also suffers when it comes to perceptions of compassion , with six of the eight nations surveyed considering it the least compassionate . The two nations that differ on that point , France and Germany , pick Britain as the least compassionate -- perhaps a reflection of historic enmities or tensions over the European project . Britons in turn consider the French the least trustworthy and the Germans the least compassionate . Meanwhile , the Greeks themselves do not fare that well . They are considered the least trustworthy by the French , the Germans and the Czechs , the report points out . In a likely reflection of frustrations over corruption and political horsetrading , Italians consider their own country most likely to be named least trustworthy . The question of arrogance splits the French . They consider themselves both the most and the least arrogant nation . The British and Germans agree that France should be named the most arrogant , but everyone else gives their vote to Germany . The Europeans surveyed tend to hold a more charitable view of their own national character . Six out of eight countries pick themselves as the least arrogant , and every nation considers itself the most compassionate . Centrifugal forces Other questions in the Pew Global Attitudes report , titled "  The New Sick Man of Europe : the European Union , " reveal deep divisions and anger over the path the European Union is following . In Spain , Italy and Greece , which have suffered greatly as a result of austerity measures following the global economic downturn , public opinion is particularly bleak . Nearly 80 % of Spanish and 72 % of Greeks surveyed say economic conditions are very bad , while a majority of Italians say the same . This compares with a median of 28 % for the rest of Europe , the report says . Unemployment is a "  very " big concern for more than nine in 10 people in each of those three countries . Meanwhile , 80 % of the French say unemployment is a very big problem , but less than a third of the Germans agree . Such concerns have impacted people 's attitudes toward the wider European Union , the survey finds . "  The prolonged economic crisis has created centrifugal forces that are pulling European public opinion apart , separating the French from the Germans and the Germans from everyone else , " the report 's authors say . "  The southern nations of Spain , Italy and Greece are becoming ever more estranged as evidenced by their frustration with Brussels , Berlin and the perceived unfairness of the economic system . " The survey highlights a growing despondency among the French . Whereas before France has bridged the gap between Europe 's north and south in terms of culture , politics and economics , times have changed , the researchers say . "  The darkening mood in France makes French public opinion look less like that in Germany and more like attitudes in southern Europe : Spain , Italy and Greece , " it says . Perhaps a win in the Eurovision Song Contest final on Saturday could cheer the French up -- or at least give something to justify that stereotype of "  arrogance . " Then again , perhaps not . Victory is seen by some as a curse rather than a blessing when times are hard , because whoever wins this year faces the expense of being next year 's Eurovision host . The contest , taking place this year in the city of Malmo since Sweden won in 2012 , will bring together 39 countries and is expected to attract more than 100 million TV viewers across Europe , organizers say . Eurovision is widely loved for its combination of over-the-top costumes , kitsch pop songs , sometimes questionable talent and international rivalries . After all the finalists have performed , the voting begins . Countries award a set of points from one to eight , then 10 and finally 12 for their favorite songs . They ca n't vote for themselves and they must announce the score in both English and French . Television viewers can cast votes in their respective countries through telephone hotlines , which count toward the final vote . Many perceive the voting to be tactical , with neighbors or members of regional blocs , such as the former Soviet nations , appearing to base their scoring on geopolitical alliances rather than artistic merit . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	People in eight European nations are surveyed on attitudes toward their neighbors Germany is seen as most trustworthy -- except by the Greeks Germany and France are seen as the most arrogant Pew researchers say attitudes reflect mixed emotions amid economic hardship
Chicago  CNN  -- A fire that killed two Chicago firefighters and injured 17 earlier this week grew from wood or trash burning in the "  rear portion of the building , " the fire department said Friday . An "  open-flame ignition of ordinary combustibles , " such as wood or rubbish , led to Wednesday 's blaze , Chicago Fire Department spokesman Larry Langford said in a news release . There had not been any gas or electric service in the abandoned building -- located on the city 's south side -- for months , he added . The Chicago police department has opened a criminal investigation into the fire , Langford said . On Wednesday , Fire Commissioner Robert Hoff said the building was boarded up in the front but the back was open , leading firefighters to think that homeless people may have sought shelter there . The casualties came after a wall and roof of the commercial building , which is on East 75th Street , collapsed without warning . Hoff told reporters Wednesday afternoon that none of the injuries was life-threatening . At that time , one firefighter was in stable condition , he said . The commissioner identified those killed as Corey Ankum , who had been with the department less than two years , and 12-year veteran Edward Stringer . Both were inside the structure . Other firefighters were working the blaze from the roof . CNN affiliate WGN aired footage of a line of firefighters saluting one body as it arrived at the medical examiner 's office later Wednesday . Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley issued a statement saying , "  The deaths of Firefighters Stringer and Ankum are both a sad reminder of how much gratitude we owe our first responders and a tragedy for all Chicagoans . " The deaths came on the 100th anniversary of the Chicago Stockyards fire , which killed 21 firefighters and the city fire marshal . The fire was reported shortly before 7 a.m. in the office area of the building , Langford said . The routine fire call became a multiple-alarm blaze after part of the roof collapsed as firefighters were inside , he said . Ankum , Stringer and two other firefighters were trapped by the collapse . The commissioner said Wednesday that investigators will look at whether ice or weather was a factor , as well as the age of the building and its heavy roof . "  There are things that happen when buildings are aged , and that could have been one of the contributing factors in this case , " Hoff said . Langford said it was his understanding that both of the fallen firefighters had children . While the loss of a firefighter is always a tragedy , he said , "  it 's been compounded " by the deaths occurring so close to the holidays . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : Chicago 's fire department says the fire started at the back of the building NEW : The police department has opened a criminal probe into the fire , a spokesman says Two Chicago firefighters were killed and 17 were hurt when a wall and roof collapsed The deaths occurred on the 100th anniversary of massive Chicago Stockyards fire
CNN  -- Mumbai is extreme India . In this booming metropolis all the wealth , inequalities , colors , flavors and passions of India are magnified to an almost unbearable degree . For many Indians , Mumbai is the place where dreams can come true . Somewhere between 13 and 20 million people are squeezed into the city that is India 's leading financial and industrial center and the home of the Bollywood movie . For countless migrants from all over the country , be they business school graduates , aspiring actors or destitute laborers , Mumbai is the place where dreams can come true . Those who like to think of India as a land of tradition and mystery would be shocked by the way modern Mumbai has embraced western consumerism . In Mumbai the rigidities of India 's traditional caste system are being replaced by a kind of brutal meritocracy in which the winners become extraordinarily rich and the losers struggle for survival . While Mumbai is fearlessly embracing modernity , minting millionaires and erecting skyscrapers , its infrastructure is hopelessly outdated and creaking under the weight of the city 's ever-expanding population . Mumbai 's road traffic is legendary -- a chaotic melange of cars , mopeds , motorized rickshaws and red double-decker buses , seemingly fused together in a writhing , gridlocked mass . All big cities have deprived areas , but in Mumbai the deprivation is impossible to avoid . Up to half of Mumbai 's residents live in slums , about a million in the shacks of Dharavi , the biggest slum in Asia . In these cities within a city children play next to the sewers that run through the streets , whole families often live in a single room and clean water is scarce . Yet while the slums can be grindingly poor , they are also buzzing with activity . Many residents of Dharavi work in cottage industries and in the thriving recycling trade , and their biggest threats are the annual monsoon floods and the developers eager to clear the slum in order to exploit the prime real estate it occupies . For outsiders , the contrast between rich and poor can be jarring , but Mumbaikars have learned to live with adversity . While the Mumbai terror attacks of November 2008 horrified the world , the killings were tragically familiar to those living in a city where hundreds have been killed by terrorists over the last 15 years and religious and social tensions simmer beneath the surface . Yet , despite its very visible problems , Mumbai simply will not be denied . Constantly growing in population and wealth , Mumbai is a world-class city when it comes to culture , commerce and consumption . Mumbaikars are incredibly enterprising and their ability to bounce back from tragedy is testimony to their resourcefulness and resilience . Danny Boyle , director of award-winning movie "  Slumdog Millionaire , " set and filmed in Mumbai , said of the city , "  Despite all that has happened there recently it is a city moving towards happiness . "  You have these incredible extremes but it feels like there 's a destiny that binds it all together . "	Mumbai is fearlessly embracing modernity and western consumerism Despite the city 's growing wealth , up to half of its residents live in slums Mumbai has been the target of numerous terrorist attacks in recent years Mumbaikers are resilient and the city is "  moving towards happiness "
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- December was the first month since the beginning of the Iraq war in which there were no U.S. combat deaths , the U.S. military reported . There were three noncombat fatalities . "  That is a very significant milestone for us as we continue to move forward , and I think that also speaks to the level of violence and how it has decreased over time , " said Army Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq . Since the beginning of the war more than six years ago , 4,373 U.S. military members have died -- 3,477 from hostilities and 898 in non-combat incidents . Combat fatalities have decreased significantly since June , when the United States started withdrawing troops from Baghdad , Iraq 's capital , and other urban areas . The United States also started a troop drawdown in 2009 from about 160,000 to the current level of around 110,000 . The U.S. military suffered double-digit combat-related deaths in February , April , May and June 2009 . The highest was 17 in May . There were also eight non-combat deaths in May , making for the highest monthly total in 2009 . Since July , U.S. forces have suffered no more than five combat-related deaths each month . There were five in July , three in August , four in September , two in October and four in November . Non-combat deaths outnumbered combat fatalities in March , September , October , November and December . The last U.S. combat death in Iraq reported by CNN occurred November 22 , when Sgt. Briand T. Williams , 25 , of Sparks , Georgia , died in Numaniyah after insurgents attacked his Army unit . Casualties also have decreased among Iraqis , with Interior Ministry officials reporting in late November that the civilian death toll fell that month to its lowest level since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion . According to the Interior Ministry , 2,773 civilians were killed and 8,900 were wounded in 2009 . In addition , 242 Iraqi soldiers were killed and 612 were wounded in 2009 . In December , the ministry said , 306 Iraqi civilians were killed and 1,137 were wounded ; 13 Iraqi soldiers were killed and 32 were wounded . Also in December , 48 Iraqi police were killed and 119 were wounded . November recorded the lowest casualty figures for Iraqis since the U.S.-led invasion , with 88 civilians killed and 332 wounded . In addition , 12 Iraqi soldiers died in November and 44 were wounded . Among Iraqi police , 22 died and 56 were wounded . Previously , January 2009 had the lowest Iraqi civilian casualty figures since 2003 . Since then , figures had been fluctuating , with August being the deadliest month for Iraqi civilians in more than a year . Daily violence has drastically dropped across the country over the past two years , but sporadic spectacular attacks , including high-profile suicide bombings against government buildings on August 19 , October 25 and December 8 , continue to claim hundreds of lives and shake confidence in the abilities of Iraq 's security forces . President Obama has said he plans to withdraw all U.S. combat forces from Iraq by August 2010 and all remaining troops by December 2011 . Britain , the United States ' major ally in Iraq , ended combat operations in April .	NEW : Casualties decreasing among Iraqis with civilian death toll at its lowest in November December is first month with no U.S. combat deaths since war began "  That is a very significant milestone for us , " top U.S. commander in Iraq says 4,373 Americans have died in Iraq since start of war
CNN  -- Matt Cordle 's confession does n't beat around the bush : "  I killed a man . " The Ohio man claims in a video posted on the Internet this week that he killed 61-year-old Vincent Canzani in a drunken-driving crash in June . "  I take full responsibility for everything I 've done to Vincent and his family , " Cordle says in the video . The 22-year-old has not been charged with any crime , but Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O'Brien said Cordle is a suspect in the deadly crash and a grand jury will be asked to indict him for aggravated vehicular homicide . The video is well-produced and powerful . Cordle 's face is blurred as he begins to tell his story about being out with friend , drinking heavily and losing control the night of June 22 . Attorneys that he consulted with offered to help him avoid any punishment -- "  all I had to do was lie " -- but he decided to come forward instead . And he wants his video to be a warning to others . "  I ca n't bring Mr. Canzani back , and I ca n't erase what I 've done , but you can still be saved , your victims can still be saved , " he says on the video . When he gets charged , he will plead guilty , Cordle added . The video was posted on a website called "  because I said I would , " which provides a forum for people to make promises to others . The founder of the website , Alex Sheen , said Cordle reached out to him via Facebook . "  There are a lot of emotions and parties at play here , so we stay in touch as much as possible , " Sheen said . "  Matt is doing as well as he can . He 's upset that people are calling his act of confession ` courageous ' rather than focusing on the real issue : drinking and driving kills innocent people . " Cordle 's current lawyer , George Breitmayer , told CNN affiliate WBNS he did not know beforehand that the video would be released . "  The video he released is a testament to both his integrity and his character , and I know that he intends to fully cooperate throughout the tenancy of all these proceedings , " Breitmayer said . The crash Canzani was driving a Jeep when he was struck by a wrong-way driver on I-670 near Columbus , according to the Columbus Dispatch . A Toyota Tundra was driving in the wrong direction and hit the Jeep about 3 a.m. Canzani was declared dead at the scene . The newspaper story did not name Cordle . The victim Canzani was a veteran and gifted photographer , according to his obituary . He studied at Columbus College of Art and Design and served in the Navy as a missile technician in the Naval Submarine Service from 1980 to 1986 , the obituary states . CNN 's Pamela Brown and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	An Ohio man says he killed another man in a drunken driving incident Matt Cordle made the confession on the Internet He says he wants to take full responsibility The victim , Vincent Canzani , was a veteran and gifted photographer
CNN  -- Two-time Cincinnati champion Andy Roddick is out of the Western and Southern Open after a 6-7  7-5  7-5 6-1 first-round defeat to Philipp Kohlschreiber . Roddick , seeded ninth for the hard court tournament , was one set and a break of serve up on his German opponent , but double faults from the American at decisive moments handed momentum to world number 47 Kohlschreiber . It got worse for 2003 U.S. Open winner Roddick in the final set , when he was handed a point penalty for hitting the ball into the stands at the Lindner Family Tennis Center having previously smashed his racquet . "  For two sets tonight I actually hit the ball well considering , " Roddick , 28 , told the ATP Tour 's official web site . "  I hit the ball a lot better than I thought I would , if I 'm being totally candid . "  I probably will wake up tomorrow morning feeling a little bit better about where I 'm at than I did when I woke up this morning . " Kohlschreiber will face Spaniard Feliciano Lopez in the next round , after the 29-year-old defeated his compatriot Juan Carlos Ferrero 4-6 6-3 6-4 . American wildcard Ryan Harrison set up a clash with world number one Novak Djokovic , who is top seed for the tournament and received a bye in the first round , by beating Argentina 's Juan Ignacio Chela 6-3 6-3 . Also due to enter the competition in second round are world number two Rafael Nadal , 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer , American number one Mardy Fish and Britain 's Andy Murray . In the women 's draw , Wimbledon semifinalist Sabine Lisicki was knocked out in the first round by Israeli Shahar Peer . The 24-year-old Peer was rewarded for her 6-4 7-6  7-4  success with a match against third seed Victoria Azarenka . Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova is also safely through after a 6-3 6-4 win over American veteran Jill Craybas . German ninth seed Andrea Petkovic was one set down and 2-0 behind to Jarmila Gajdosova of Australia before registering a 5-7 7-6  7-5  6-2 victory . Former world number one Ana Ivanovic is also into the second round , the Serb defeated American qualifier Alexa Glatch 6-0 6-2 .	Andy Roddick is out of the ATP Tour event in Cincinnati after defeat to Philipp Kohlschreiber The 2003 U.S. Open champion Roddick is a two-time winner of the tournament Sabine Lisicki is out of the women 's competition after losing to Israel 's Shahar Peer
