CNN  -- With ticket sales closing in on $ 100 million , the surprise hit of the year is "  The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , " a film about seven English retirees who travel to India to take up residence at the rundown Marigold Hotel , which , according to its misleading brochures , will provide them with inexpensive comfort in their remaining years . But what makes "  Marigold Hotel , " which is directed by John Madden of "  Shakespeare in Love " fame , far more interesting than its box-office success is how it has defied the patronizing reviews of critics -- including those of The Times of India and The Telegraph in England -- who have categorized it as little more than entertainment for people in their 50s starring actors in their 70s . Indeed , how patronizing the critics have been is reflected in the fact that review after review , starting with "  Marigold Hotel " stars , Maggie Smith and Judi Dench  both of whom are 77  , has made a point of dwelling on the ages of the ensemble cast . The popularity of "  Marigold Hotel " tells us that unlike the critics , today 's audiences do n't find the struggles of the old and middle-aged less worthy of their attention than those of the young . But the charm of the film is n't confined to its depiction of the elderly trying to make the most of the rest of their lives . At the heart of "  Marigold Hotel " lies a compassion that contrasts starkly with the coldness the film 's retirees experienced in the England they left behind . The youthful manager of the Marigold Hotel , played with comic brilliance by Dev Patel  the lead in "  Slumdog Millionaire "  , may have misled his retirees about the quality of his hotel , but he has underplayed his own decency and enthusiasm . There is a long tradition in English literature of pointing up the failures of British society by contrasting life at home with life abroad . E. M. Forester 's 1908 novel , "  A Room with a View , " which in 1985 was successfully adapted for the screen , provided a searing critique of the stuffiness of Edwardian life by allowing its young heroine to find romance in Italy . "  Marigold Hotel , " which is based on Deborah Moggach 's 2004 novel , "  These Foolish Things , " follows this same tradition , as it captures the English fascination with warm climates . In this case , however , the Forester novel with which "  Marigold Hotel " has the most in common is his 1924 masterpiece , "  Passage to India . " In Forester 's story it is the Indians , over whom the British then ruled , who show the greatest capacity for love and friendship . In "  Marigold Hotel , " the English retirees find a gentleness in the city of Jaipur that was not present in their homeland . In contrast to the British of the 19th century , the retirees of "  Marigold Hotel " are not out to extract fortunes from their new land . They are instead out to preserve dwindling incomes and make peace with their past . Not all of them succeed , but enough of them do to suggest modern India , even with its traffic jams and elephants and camels in the streets , is a land of opportunity : Muriel Donnelly  Maggie Smith  , a housekeeper who after years of service was fired from her job by the family she worked for , finds that in India she can get the hip replacement surgery she needs without waiting and , despite herself , she slowly loses the racial bigotry she brought with her . Evelyn Greenslade  Judi Dench  , a widow whose husband has died , saddling her with debt that forces her to sell her home , gets employment helping out at an Indian call center and in the process frees herself from the condescending pity of her children . Graham Dashwood  Tom Wilkinson  , a gay High Court judge , who left India full of shame when he brought his young Indian lover into disgrace , finds that he is welcomed back as an old friend . Douglas Ainslie  Bill Nighy  , who has fled to India with his quarrelsome wife Jean  Penelope Wilton  because their daughter lost most of their savings in a failed start-up , realizes that he is better off when his wife leaves him and returns to England . The randy Madge Hardcastle  Celia Imrie  and the even randier Norman Cousins  Ronald Pickup  learn that in India age is not the barrier it was in England to the sexual adventure they are seeking . Can these happy endings last ? "  Marigold Hotel " never provides a final answer just as it rarely allows tragedy to creep in . But the "  Marigold Hotel " does not need to offer they-lived-happily-ever-after reassurance to succeed . It is enough that , thanks to their change in scenery , the film 's central characters have refused to resign themselves to ending their lives in quiet despair . What in 1947 on the eve of independence India 's first prime minister , Jawaharial Nehru , called his nation 's "  Tryst with Destiny " has become for the retirees of the "  Marigold Hotel " a tryst with old age as a result of their new country and its people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Despite patronizing critics , "  Best Exotic Marigold Hotel " is surprise hit movie of the year Nicolaus Mills : Movie 's popularity shows audiences do care about older people 's lives Mills : English literature often points up failures of British society by contrasting life abroad "  Marigold Hotel " reveals the compassion in India that was lacking in life in England
CNN  -- A former Pennsylvania juvenile judge was sentenced to 28 years in prison Thursday after being convicted for a scheme to make millions off unjustly incarcerating young people , court officials said . Former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was also ordered by a federal judge in Pennsylvania to pay about $ 1 million in restitution . The sentence was four times the 87 months sentence that Ciavarella and federal prosecutors had agreed to when he pleaded guilty to charges in 2009 . But that plea deal was thrown out by a federal judge and the case went to trial . Ciavarella was found guilty in February of 12 of 39 racketeering and fraud charges for accepting millions of dollars in bribes from friends who owned detention centers to which he sent juveniles . The case made national headlines when Ciavarella was confronted by a distraught mother outside a courtroom after his conviction . Sandy Fonzo 's 17-year-old son , Edward Kenzakowski , spent six months in a detention center after Ciavarella sentenced him for possession of drug paraphernalia . According to Fonzo , her son , who had no prior record , was never able to recover and eventually took his own life . "  He  Ciavarella  killed his spirit , " Fonzo said at the time , "  He crushed him , and he did n't help him . " Fonzo said her son was full of resentment and pent-up anger after being sent to the detention center . "  He was just never the same , " Fonzo said . She said in February she came to the courthouse believing Ciavarella would be taken straight to jail . But when she found out he was going home and would not be sentenced until later , she was shocked and angered , and began shouting at Ciavarella . Fonzo 's confrontation was captured by television cameras . "  Do you remember me ? " Fonzo screamed lunging toward Ciavarella , "  Do you remember my son ? " she screamed again . "  He 's gone , " she cried , "  He shot himself in the heart , you scumbag ! "	Mark Ciavarella was ordered to pay about $ 1 million in restitution In February , Ciavarella was confronted by a distraught mother outside a courtroom Sandy Fonzo said her son killed himself after receiving an unjust sentence from Ciavarella "  Do you remember my son ? He 's gone . He shot himself in the heart , you scumbag ! "
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- It was after the robotic hummingbird flew around the auditorium -- and after a speaker talked about the hypersonic plane that could fly from New York to the West Coast in 11 minutes -- that things got really edgy . Vijay Kumar , an engineering professor at the University of Pennsylvania , showed the more than 1,300 attendees at last week 's TED conference several videos in which fleets of tiny flying robots performed a series of intricate manuevers , working together on tasks without colliding or interfering with each others ' flightworthiness . It seemed that , at least for some in the audience , a bridge had been crossed into a new era of technology , one that could change the way we think about robots and their application to such fields as construction , shipping and responding to emergencies . Kumar 's devices  he calls them "  Autonomous Agile Aerial Robots "  cooperated on building simple structures and showed they were capable of entering a building for the first time and quickly constructing a map that would allow for assessment and response to a structural collapse or fire . He held up one robot , designed by his students Daniel Mellinger and Alex Kushleyev , which weighs a little more than a tenth of a pound and is about 8 inches in diameter . The device has four rotors ; when they spin at the same speed , the robot hovers . If you increase the speed , Kumar explained , the robot flies up . Spinning one rotor faster than the one opposite it causes the robot to tilt . It also can flip over multiple times without losing its ability to fly and can recover its stability when thrown into the air . The robots are capable of learning trajectories and manueuvers that can enable them to literally fly through hoops -- and other confined spaces . When the robots are formed into a flotilla , they calculate  a hundred times a second  and maintain a safe distance between them . He showed a video of 20 robots flying in a variety of formations -- and moving through obstacles -- inches from each other without interfering with the stability of their neighbors . To cap his presentation , he showed a video , created by his students in three days , of nine flying robots playing the James Bond theme on musical instruments . TED began in the 1980s with the intention of focusing on "  Technology , entertainment and design , " and its conferences typically are sold out , attracting an audience of high achievers willing to pay $ 7,500 to attend . TED , a nonprofit , makes many of the talks freely available on its site .  CNN has a partnership with TED in which it regularly publishes selected TED Talks  . TED aims to feature cutting-edge technology at its conferences , and this year 's event , labeled "  Full Spectrum , " was no exception . Yet the uneasy balance between technology and the social issues it spawns seemed to be highlighted more than ever as speakers took the stage to give their talks  and be filmed by eight high-def cameras for eventual viewing on the web  . In the first session Tuesday , a sharp contrast was drawn between the unbounding optimism that a technological solution could be found for every one of the Earth 's problems and a vision of a planet headed for doom due to mankind 's inability to control its inventions and its consumption . Paul Gilding , former head of Greenpeace , declared "  the Earth is full , full of us , full of our stuff , full of our waste and full of our demands , " and warned of harsh and potentially violent disruption ahead as the reckoning comes for a planet living beyond its means . The idea that the planet can sustain 9 billion people without making disruptive changes is wrong , he said . Peter Diamandis , founder of the X Prize , countered with a catalogue of the ways technology has radically improved our lives -- it has lengthened the human lifespan , conquered many killer diseases , expanded economic opportunity and made possible a worldwide web of communication , already connecting 2 billion people , with 3 billion more on the way to logging in this decade . "  Technology is a resource-liberating force , " he said , maintaining that a planet bathed in solar energy and covered with water wo n't lack the ingredients for a productive life . For every tech evangelist , though , there was a cautionary note sounded by other speakers . NASA scientist James Hansen , one of the leading voices warning of global climate change due to carbon emissions , presented an urgent case for taking action to deal with the effects of economic activity before ice caps melt and cities get inundated by dramatic rises in sea level . But an MIT professor , Donald Sadoway , offered reason to hope that the use of non-carbon-emitting solar and wind power could become much more widespread through a new battery technology he and his students are developing to store power for use at times when the wind stops and the sun sets . Sadoway , whose work has attracted an investment from Bill Gates , said successful use of his "  liquid metal battery " could reduce the need for new fossil-fuel burning power plants . Regina Dugan , who demonstrated the robotic hummingbird and directs the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , talked of research on a prosthetic arm controlled by thoughts alone , of sturdy cars built with metals lighter than Styrofoam and of a robot that can run like a cheetah . TED.com : Susan Cain on the power of introverts And yet technology did n't seem to have a solution for the problems highlighted by Bryan Stevenson , director of the Equal Justice Initiative . He talked of the rise in the number of imprisoned Americans from 300,000 40 years ago to 2.3 million today , the large number of black Americans who have been permanently deprived of their ability to vote due to prosecution on low-level drug offenses and the question he said is posed by the death penalty -- not whether criminals deserve to die , but whether America as a society , deserves to kill . Stevenson 's talk drew a standing ovation -- and the following day , after TED curator Chris Anderson appealed for funds , Anderson said $ 1.12 million had been raised for Stevenson 's nonprofit on the spot . A longtime enthusiast for digital technology , MIT professor Sherry Turkle , spoke of being on the cover of Wired magazine when her book "  Life on the Screen " was published in the 1990s . In her new and darker book , "  Alone Together , " she writes of everyday family and social relationships put at risk by the compulsion to interact constantly with mobile devices as a substitute for face-to-face interaction . People text during board meetings , shop and text during class , and even text during funerals , she said . Technology gives us the illusion of being constantly in touch with people , yet we shirk the real demands of friendship . And Turkle pointed out that Japanese researchers are developing robots to provide care to the elderly and to children . As if to emphasize her point , a day after her talk , Danish scientist Henrik Scharfe demo'ed Geminoid-DK , a shockingly realistic robot version of himself . While its movement and speech is limited , the robot 's technology is likely to evolve quickly . And so it seemed that it was n't only in jest that Scharfe said , "  Ten years from now , I 'll be at home having a beer in Denmark and the robot will come to TED to give a talk . " Scharfe said after his talk that he recognized the dangers Turkle talked about , but he thought developing the robot was well worth doing . "  This can never be about replacing the human being , " he said in his talk , "  but about using technology to understand the full spectrum of being human . "	Vijay Kumar demonstrated fleets of flying robots that could revolutionize industries Kumar spoke at the TED2012 conference , "  Full Spectrum , " in California Talks highlighted the contrast between technological progress and social issues Technology has improved health , lifespan , productivity , yet it poses challenges , speakers said
CNN  -- Arsenal 's English Premier League clash with Bolton has been postponed because of heavy snow in north London , the club have confirmed . The playing surface at the Emirates was fit to allow the match to take place on Wednesday evening but there were safety issues affecting fans and concerns about transport . A statement on the club 's Web site said : "  Despite making every effort to stage tonight 's match against Bolton Wanderers , the sudden and unpredicted adverse change in weather conditions in the Highbury area has left us no choice but to postpone the fixture . "  We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused and wish to state that this decision was not made lightly and supporters ' safety and travel arrangements were major factors in our thinking . "  All tickets currently held will be valid for the rearranged fixture . " The postponement of the match was the latest football fixture to be hit by the harsh weather in Great Britain . Manchester City 's League Cup semifinal clash with Manchester United scheduled for Wednesday evening was called off on Tuesday along with Blackburn 's tie with Aston Villa .	Arsenal 's English Premier League clash with Bolton has been postponed because of heavy snow in north London . The playing surface at the Emirates was fit to allow the match to take place on Wednesday evening but there were safety issues affecting fans . The postponement of the match was the latest football fixture to be hit by the recent harsh weather in Great Britain .
CNN  -- After a day of recovery for battered regions of the Midwest and South , a line of storms stretching from Illinois to Louisiana will bring the threat of tornadoes and severe weather Friday , forecasters said . Areas most at risk for twisters are southern Indiana , southern Ohio , most of Kentucky , central Tennessee , northeastern Mississippi and northwestern Alabama . The storms are forecast to rapidly develop around noon ET Friday . The most likely window for tornadoes will be between 4 p.m. and 8 pm . ET Friday , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . There is the potential for widespread damaging wind gusts , large hail and violent tornadoes in some areas . Storms will begin to weaken during the late evening as they move eastward toward the Appalachians . The severe weather threat will diminish overnight Friday into Saturday morning , Morris said . The tornado outbreak that began Tuesday night left 13 dead across Kansas , Missouri , Illinois and Tennessee and battered parts of Kentucky as well . The latest death was reported in Kansas , where authorities said 53-year-old Richard Slade died Thursday from injuries suffered when a tornado struck Harveyville on Tuesday night . Slade had been airlifted to a nearby Topeka hospital after being pulled from the wreckage of his home . The decision was made to take him off life support , officials said . National Guard troops helped police and sheriff 's deputies direct traffic and patrol streets in stricken areas of Missouri and Kentucky , while those who survived began the task of cleaning up . In Harrisburg , Illinois , where the highest death toll occurred , a tree smashed in the front window of Chris and Alice Retzloff 's home before dawn Wednesday . But their neighbor 's house was "  pretty much gone , " Chris Retzloff told CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  Our damage was minimal compared to this , " his wife added . "  We have a basement , and we went in our basement and huddled together with our dogs and the sirens went off , " she said . "  The wind was just immense , the sound , and then the next siren went off , and there was just this incredible pressure that we all had on us . " Four women and two men died in Harrisburg , about 30 miles north of the Kentucky border . The tornado that struck it had a preliminary rating of EF4 , the second most powerful on the rating scale , according to the National Weather Service . The twister appeared to have been on the ground for several miles , said Harrisburg Mayor Eric Gregg , and the path of destruction was about three or four football fields wide . Sheriff 's deputes said about 100 people were injured and between 250 and 300 houses were damaged or destroyed . This Just In : Harrisburg 's path of destruction Darrell Osman lost his mother to the storm . After the twister struck , he ran to her house , only to find nothing left . "  Her house was literally gone , " Osman said . He found his mother in an ambulance , but she passed away later at a hospital . In Washington , the White House said President Barack Obama called the governors of six states affected by the storms -- Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Tennessee , Kentucky and Indiana -- "  to offer condolences and assistance as necessary . " One person died in each of three towns in southern Missouri where the twisters struck -- Buffalo , Puxico and Cassville -- while another three died in two east-central Tennessee counties , authorities in those states reported . A smaller tornado caused significant damage in the music resort city of Branson , Missouri . The city 's entertainment district , which boasts 50 theaters , had five or six damaged ; of the city 's 200 hotels , 15 had significant damage , Branson Mayor Raeanne Presley said . But she told CNN , "  We 'll be open for business in short order , and we will be helping those who suffered damage to rebuild . " Presley took cover with her family in the basement before immediately going out to survey the damage . Tourist town of Branson , Missouri , hit An EF2 tornado smashed at least seven miles of the city 's commercial strip , leaving 33 people hurt , most with minor to moderate injuries . The city 's convention center and an attached Hilton were damaged , as was a portion of Branson Landing , a large shopping and entertainment complex . City Administrator Dean Kruithof said about five or six of the city 's roughly 40 theaters were damaged . iReport : Branson Hilton windows blown out Two tornadoes were confirmed in Tennessee 's Cumberland and DeKalb counties , between Nashville and Knoxville . The one that struck Cumberland County , where two people died , was an EF2 with top winds of around 125 mph , the weather service reported Thursday evening . The remaining fatality was from an EF1 twister with top winds around 90 mph , according to forecasters . CNN 's Logan Burruss , Kara Devlin , Joe Sutton and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Storms are forecast for Friday afternoon from Illinois to Louisiana "  The wind was just immense , " survivor recounts from Wednesday storms Harrisburg , Illinois , is among the hardest hit by earlier storms , with at least six deaths 13 killed in storms across Kansas , Missouri , Illinois and Tennessee
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- The next time you land safely in Seattle , you may want to thank Steve Osmek . Wildlife biologist Steve Osmek checks a radar screen for information on birds close to the Seattle airport . He 's the wildlife biologist whose job is to make sure that birds do n't get in the way of airplanes arriving and departing Seattle Tacoma International Airport . Even though the bird strikes that recently caused US Airways Flight 1549 to lose both engines and land in New York 's Hudson River has brought greater urgency to the issue , the danger presented by avian life is nothing new to Sea-Tac . The airport has had a wildlife biologist on staff since the 1970s , Osmek says , and annually spends about $ 250,000 on bird-removal operations . Osmek and a crew of about 20 helpers use low-tech and high-tech methods to guard against bird strikes . First , they combat the environments that attract birds by planting foliage that prevents them from landing and by covering any nearby bodies of water with netting . "  The main thing is to make sure the birds are not used to coming here to the airport , " Osmek says . "  They do n't get used to feeding here , nesting here and in turn coming into closer contact with the aircraft . " Birds that still stray into Sea-Tac airspace are harassed relentlessly . Osmek uses a laser with a scope on it to shine a green light near birds . The light flashing near the birds mimics a predator stalking them , Osmek says , and usually causes them to take flight . For more persistent opponents , Osmek reaches into the deep arsenal of what he calls his "  pyrotechnics . " They are explosive shells that he uses to ward off birds -- sometimes large flocks of them -- entering airspace near the airport 's three runways . Osmek fires the shells with a variety of pistols or a shotgun . Some boom loudly , and others scream into the sky before blowing up into puffs of smoke . One projectile travels up to 1,200 feet before exploding like a thunderclap . It is intended to ward off high-flying birds like hawks or eagles . Osmek says the pyrotechnics only scare the birds and do not harm them . "  We 're not aiming the pyrotechnics right at them , " he explains . "  We are usually aiming to where we can direct them to a safer place . " Watch Osmek at work at the airport " Using the pyrotechnics is also economical . One shell costs about $ 10 , Osmek says , while a bird strike on a plane can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage or much worse . But the airport 's most valuable tool , Osmek says , is n't one that scares off birds -- it 's one that helps find them . In three separate locations around the airport are avian radar terminals that track the birds within six miles of the airport and up to 3,000 feet . The radar is similar to marine radar but used for a very different application . The avian radar allows the bird crew at the 2,700-acre airport to focus on specific areas . " -LSB- The birds -RSB- are objects I do n't see with my naked eye , but you look at the radar and it raises your awareness of those areas where you should take another look , " Osmek explains . "  I may scan with my binoculars , but I might not necessarily know where to scan , but now I know there 's a bird there . " Innovations to the radar now help airport staff determine at what altitude the birds are flying . After studying the radar long enough , Osmek can tell from flight patterns what kind of bird he is looking at . It 's important when trying to prevent bird strikes to know if you are dealing with a sparrow or Canada goose . Ed Herricks , a University of Illinois professor who placed the radar at Sea-Tac and works with Accipiter , the maker of the radar , says the next challenge for the systems will be further implementing them into airport operations without "  crying wolf . " "  There is a critical need to have the data moved into the decision-making process of controllers and pilots , " Herricks says . But , he adds : "  You want to be absolutely sure when you say something is there that something is there . " Tim Nohara , the president of Accipiter , foresees a time soon when the radar will not only help biologists on the ground but will be part of the information coming into airport control towers like weather and wind shear data . Electronic alerts could be sent to controllers or pilots if they are flying too closely to a flock of birds , Nohara says . "  With the radar , airports can be much more effective in the strategies they employ , " Nohara says . And if bird strikes do occur , the radar "  will help investigators determine what happened , " he says . O'Hare in Chicago , JFK in New York and Dallas Fort-Worth are airports slated to receive similar radar systems this year .	Airport uses low-tech , high-tech methods to ward off bird strikes Noisemaking projectiles are fired to scare away birds Radar can help determine birds ' altitude and even what kind of birds they are Other airports slated to get radar are O'Hare , JFK and Dallas-Fort Worth
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan will shoot down any part of the long-range rocket that North Korea plans to launch next month that enters its territory , the Japanese defense minister , Naoki Tanaka , said Friday . Speaking at a news conference , Tanaka said he had issued the official order after instructing the Japanese military earlier in the week to prepare the country 's missile defense shield against the planned rocket launch . North Korea announced earlier this month that it would launch a rocket carrying a satellite between April 12 and 16 to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the Communist state . Pyongyang says the operation is for "  peaceful purposes , " but Japan , the United States and South Korea see the launch as a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test . Firing the long-range rocket would breach U.N. Security Council resolutions , and Washington has suspended a recent deal to provide food aid to North Korea as a result . Japan says its military , known as the Self-Defense Forces , has begun preparations to deploy ground-based Patriot Advanced Capability-3 interceptors in the Tokyo metropolitan area , as well as the Okinawa , Ishigaki and Miyako islands . The defense ministry says three Aegis-equipped destroyers carrying sea-based Standard Missile-3 interceptors will also be deployed to the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan . The ministry also says the military will deploy helicopter rescue units in order for the military to respond to any crisis in the event that rocket debris hits Japan .	North Korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite next month Other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test Japan says it will shoot down any part of the rocket that enters its territory
CNN  -- Jordan 's Queen Rania was recuperating in a New York hospital Monday after she underwent a medical procedure to correct an irregular heart rhythm . "  The procedure went very smoothly and Her Majesty is well and in good spirits , " the Royal Court in Amman said in a statement Monday . She will remain hospitalized for two nights while she recovers before returning home later in the week , the palace said . Rania was in New York with her husband , who is attending the United Nations General Assembly . Rania 's procedure involved placing a catheter through a vein to the heart . An electric current was then used to stop the disturbance of electrical flow through the heart , the palace said . As a result , the heart 's normal rhythm was restored , it said . The procedure is used to treat premature ventricular contractions -- extra , abnormal heartbeats that begin in the heart 's two lower pumping chambers . These extra beats disrupt the regular heart rhythm , sometimes causing patients to feel a flip-flop or skipped beat in their chests , a definition on the Mayo Clinic 's website says . The site says premature ventricular contractions are common and occur in most people at some point . Most people with premature ventricular contractions and an otherwise normal heart do n't need treatment . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Rania will rest for two nights before heading back to Jordan She is in New York as her husband attends the U.N. summit Premature ventricular contractions are common
CNN  -- All eyes were on triple world champion Sebastian Vettel during practice ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix , with the German back behind the wheel for the first time since ignoring team orders to clinch victory in Malaysia . The Red Bull driver was left frustrated at the Shanghai International Circuit , struggling for pace as he registered the 10th quickest lap time . World championship leader Vettel was one and a half seconds off the leading time set by Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and insisted improvements were needed ahead of qualifying on Saturday . "  Today was a tricky day for us , " the 25-year-old told the sport 's official website . "  I struggled a bit this afternoon and the gap to the guys at the top is a little bit bigger than I 'd like . "  There are two or three things that we need to work on and then we should be in a better shape for tomorrow . "  I think we know what we need to do . It looks like the soft tyre is the one for qualifying , but it seems that we wo n't see that many stints on the soft tyre during the race . " Webber , who was upset by Vettel 's decision to overtake him last month despite being instructed by Red Bull to hold position , performed better than his colleague , clocking the fifth fastest time of the day . For Massa it continues a bright start to 2013 which has seen him outperform his double world champion teammate Fernando Alonso . "  Today , I immediately had a good feeling in the car , " explained Brazil 's Massa , who is four points ahead of Alonso in fifth position in the drivers ' standings . "  I feel confident and hope that the whole weekend can keep moving in this direction . " Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen , winner of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix set the second fastest time . The 2007 world champion was satisfied with the performance of his Renault car and is optimistic ahead of the weekend . "  If you look at the lap time it looks to have been a pretty okay day , " said the Finn . "  For sure , there are things we have to improve and you never know what will happen tomorrow , but it 's a reasonable start to the weekend . "  We can definitely improve . We have some pace to come from the car in the usual areas with setup . "  My quick lap today could have been better , so there 's some more pace to come even if we do n't improve the car , but hopefully we do . "	Sebastian Vettel 10th fastest in practice ahead of Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix The Red Bull driver ignored team orders to overtake Mark Webber in Malaysia Ferrari Felipe Massa sets the fastest time at the Shanghai International Circuit Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen second fastest
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Reigning hot dog-guzzling champ Joey Chestnut and nemesis Takeru Kobayashi of Japan attempted to psych each other out Thursday at the weigh-in for the 94th annual Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog-Eating Contest . Competitive eaters Joey Chestnut and Takeru Kobayashi take part in an official "  staredown . " Chestnut and Kobayashi glared long and menacingly into each other 's eyes in an official "  staredown . " At last year 's contest , 25-year-old Chestnut , a civil engineering student at San Jose State University , eked out a win over Kobayashi , 31 , in a tiebreaker after both initially consumed 59 dogs apiece . It was Chestnut 's second slim victory over Kobayashi in as many years . Kobayashi vowed he will avenge those two defeats on Saturday . He also said he no longer suffers from the "  jawthritis " that some cited as the culprit for his 2007 defeat , which snapped his six-year winning streak at Coney Island . Chestnut , for his part , said he had no intention of ceding the coveted mustard yellow belt -- competitive eating 's answer to golf 's green jacket . He is setting his sights this year on 68 hot dogs in 10 minutes . Saturday 's competition will be partially about redemption for Chestnut , too . In May , he suffered a stinging defeat to Kobayashi in a loss he said "  really set a fire underneath me " and "  made me hungry for this contest . " Chestnut revealed the extreme dietary regimen he is following in the days leading up to the contest . He said he is sticking to water to make sure he is "  empty " when the mountain of hot dogs is placed in front of him . In addition to Chestnut , Kobayashi admitted to keeping a watchful eye on 32-year-old Tim "  Eater X " Janus , whose signature painted face was described by Major League Eating impresario Richard Shea as an attempt to mask his "  inner torment . " In a recent trial round , Janus downed a personal-best 55 hot dogs -- a weiner 's throw from the 59 that Chestnut and Kobayashi wolfed down last year . As a lead-in to the main event , Major League Eating on Friday will hold a first-of-its-kind "  cross-species " eating contest between three competitive eaters and three Asian elephants . MLE 's Shea described it as the realization of one of his two lifelong dreams , the other being a scenario in which a dozen competitive eaters eat the entire contents of a convenience store . Twenty finalists will compete in the championship on Saturday . They were culled from 18 preliminary contests and comprise a Who 's Who of the world of competitive eating . For people who stuff their faces with record-breaking quantities of food , many of the contestants at the weigh-in boasted surprisingly svelte physiques . Juliet Lee , a 44-year-old Maryland salon owner fresh off the feat of downing 13.23 pounds of cranberry sauce in 8 minutes , clocked in at a mere 105 pounds . Kobayashi , at 123 pounds , lifted his T-shirt to reveal the sort of chiseled abdomen one would expect at a bodybuilding competition . Others contestants were not quite as disconcertingly trim . Fearsome world matzo ball-eating champion Eric "  Badlands " Booker tips the scales at 400 pounds .	Reigning hot dog-guzzling champ Joey Chestnut , Takeru Kobayashi have staredown Last year Chestnut won after a tiebreaker with Kobayashi Kobayashi vowed to avenge defeat from last year Chestnut : Kobayashi beat me in May contest and "  set a fire underneath me "
New York  CNN  -- The U.S. Open tennis umpire who last year was accused in her husband 's death until charges against her were dropped will be back at work later this month when the tennis classic takes court in Flushing , New York . Lois Goodman , 71 , was reinstated as a line judge with the United Tennis Association on December 20 , after Los Angeles police dropped their charges , and has worked at minor tournaments in Los Angeles earlier this year , according to her attorney , Robert Sheahen . "  To their great credit the United States Tennis Association reinstated Goodman , almost immediately after the criminal case was dropped , " said Sheahen . U.S. Tennis Association spokesman Chris Widmaier confirmed in an e-mail that Goodman was re-instated in December . "  I would only be speculating , but my guess is she is happy to be returning , " Widmaier added . Last August , as she was in New York preparing for the U.S. Open tournament , police arrested Goodman and accused her of bludgeoning her 80-year-old husband , Alan , with a coffee mug , and then fatally stabbing him with the broken mug 's shards at their California home in April , 2012 . After a lengthy investigation , authorities dropped the charges in November . "  We received additional information regarding the case , " Sandi Gibbons of the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said in November . "  Based upon this information , we announced that we are unable to proceed with the case at this time . The court granted our request to dismiss the case without prejudice . " The district attorney and police were still investigating the case , and would not "  make any further statements that might compromise that investigation , " Gibbons added at the time . Last Wednesday , Sheahen filed a complaint against the LAPD seeking unspecified punitive damages and the reimbursement of $ 100,000 in legal expenses . Attorney Sheahen said the suit against the LAPD claims false arrest , malicious prosecution and civil rights violations . "  It was their complete lack of training and over-zealousness . The LAPD seemed motivated by their own twisted need for publicity , " said Sheahen . "  They did not go by the book . They alerted the media to the arrest . It was just bizarre how the LAPD went on about it . " As of Monday , the LAPD had not received a copy of the lawsuit , according to LAPD Sgt. Albert Gonzalez . Sheahen described Goodman as "  the dean of the tennis officials . " "  She 's a really respected lady in her field , at home and in temple and that why the charges were even more outrageous , " he added . Sheahen said Goodman would not be making any statements to the media .	Lois Goodman is described by her attorney as "  the dean of the tennis officials " Last August she was arrested while in New York preparing to work the U.S. Open Los Angeles police accused her in the blugeoning death of her husband Charges were later dropped , the USTA reinstated her , and she will work this year 's Open
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- An insurgent attack on a Thai military camp in the country 's south killed four soldiers and wounded six others , a military spokesman said Thursday . "  There were about 20 to 30 insurgents  who  attacked our permanent infantry camp in Maruebotok Village , Narathiwart province ... around 7:30 a.m. local time , " said Col. Parinya Chaidilok , spokesman of the 4th Division of Internal Security Operation Command . Parinya said the military had received a tip-off information that there would an attack on Thai military posts . "  But we are surprised that they launched their attack at our permanent camp instead of small temporary posts , " he said . Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist . The conflict came to a head after former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra took office in 2004 . Several thousand people died in the violence .	Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces Several thousand people die in a wave of violence that erupted in 2004 The military had received tip-off information that there would an attack on Thai military posts
CNN  -- The crew of a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , held more than a week and accused of arms trafficking , is expected to set sail Monday or Tuesday from Venezuela after authorities dropped charges against them . "  While we have n't left yet , it looks like a positive solution has been reached , " a crew member , who asked to remain anonymous because of security concerns , said in an e-mail to CNN on Sunday night . He said the charges were dropped for the captain and the 14 crew members . A U.S. State Department official confirmed Sunday the charges were dropped , but Venezuela 's Ministry of Communications told CNN they had no information regarding the case . The Ocean Atlas docked at the port of Maracaibo , Venezuela 's second-largest city , on August 29 , according to the crew member . A few days later , the crew was told the ship was under investigation for arms trafficking , and last Wednesday , the captain and crew were charged . The captain , Jeffrey Raider of Texas , was taken into custody and made a court appearance . He came back to the ship once , to move the ship from the docks to anchor in Maracaibo Bay , but he was held on land while the crew members were told to stay on the ship , the crew member said . After the charges were dropped Sunday , the crew member said the captain was finally able to return to the ship . The crew member who spoke to CNN said there were "  normal shipboard conditions " while the ship has been detained and that there was never any danger or threat of physical harm . Though the Venezuelan authorities who boarded the ship were armed , he said , "  at all times the guns were pointed at the ground . " He thanked the Seafarer 's International Union for their help with the case and Crowley Maritime , the ship 's manager , for constantly updating the families of the crew . The Ocean Atlas , built in 2000 , is a 393-foot long , heavy-lift cargo ship with two cranes , according to its operator , Intermarine . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said last week the detention had to do with customs paperwork for rifles that were on board for the crew 's protection . "  We , of course , know that the high seas and that piracy have been a major topic in recent months and years , and so that 's something we 've been combating , " Ventrell told reporters . "  It 's normal for many ships to have some type of self-defense on board . " The crew member in touch with CNN said the ship 's security team keeps the rifles in a locker on board . He said the captain declared the weapons on arrival in Maracaibo and was cleared to have them , but the Venezuelan authorities denied there was permission for the weapons and confiscated them . Venezuelan officials : Reports of indigenous massacre false Report : Venezuela 's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement	The crew member says the ship has been cleared to sail in the next two days The ship has been docked at Maracaibo since August 29 The U.S. State Department confirms the charges are dropped Venezuelan authorities detained the ship and its crew for alleged arms trafficking
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For Lilly Ledbetter , it was a day of vindication over a decade in the making . President Obama stands with Lilly Ledbetter shortly before he signed the bill bearing her name Thursday . More than 10 years after first filing a gender discrimination claim with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , the beaming retired grandmother from Alabama stood in the East Room of the White House , watching the president of the United States sign a landmark piece of pay-equity legislation bearing her name . "  I can not begin to describe how honored and humbled I feel today , " Ledbetter said Thursday . "  When I filed my claim ... never , never did I imagine the path that it would lead me down . " Under the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act , victims of pay-based discrimination will now have the right to file a complaint to the government within 180 days of their most recent paycheck , as opposed to within 180 days of their first unfair paycheck . The law 's supporters argue the change was necessary because , under the old standard , an employer merely needed to hide unfair pay practices for a few months before being able to continue them , without penalty , forever . Ledbetter 's contribution to the long struggle for women 's rights and equal pay did not come easily . It took three presidential campaigns , years of arguing and persuasion in the halls of Congress , and seemingly endless rounds of litigation . It also took the help of a stranger . "  I did not learn of the pay discrimination until late in my career , " Ledbetter , a former employee with Goodyear Tire and Rubber , said during an interview with CNN . "  Someone left me an anonymous note in my mailbox at work showing my pay versus three males . And we four were doing the exact same job . " Ledbetter retired after 19 years working for Goodyear in Gadsden , Alabama . She filed a complaint with the EEOC in March 1998 , alleging that men in her plant doing similar work were paid 15 to 40 percent more . The records backed her up . Ledbetter proved that she was being paid $ 6,000 less than men doing the same work , including those who were the lowest paid in their job duties . Ultimately , both the EEOC and a jury ruled in her favor . Ledbetter was awarded $ 360,000 in back pay . Ledbetter 's fight , however , was just beginning . A federal appeals court later threw out her claim , limiting her lawsuit to discrimination that may have happened in the six months prior to her initial complaint with the EEOC . A three-judge panel also dismissed the pay discrimination allegations during that 180-day window . Ledbetter 's case increasingly gained the attention of politicians and the public as it climbed the legal ladder . By the time the Supreme Court weighed in with a ruling in 2007 , the case was a political football . Most Democrats used it to rail against sexual discrimination ; many Republicans warned the case could harm employers . In a narrowly divided 5-4 ruling , the high court sided with Goodyear , concluding that Ledbetter had only a federally mandated 180-day window in which to make her initial claim . Such a "  filing deadline protects employers from the burden of defending claims arising from employment decisions long past , " concluded Justice Samuel Alito . In strongly worded dissent , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg accused her conservative colleagues of being "  indifferent " to victims of pay discrimination . If women sued only when the pay disparity became steady and large enough to enable them to mount a winnable case , they would be cut off at the court 's threshold for suing too late , Ginsburg argued . Her legal options cut off , Ledbetter turned to Capitol Hill . Democrats pushed for legislation -- bearing Ledbetter 's name -- to overturn the Supreme Court 's ruling and change the 180-day window . They made little headway with the Bush White House . During the 2008 campaign , the Ledbetter Act proved to be a significant point of contention between then-Sen . Barack Obama and Republican nominee Sen. John McCain . Obama emphasized what he called the plan 's benefits to working women , while McCain criticized it as a boon for trial lawyers . When Obama won the presidency , congressional Democrats put a reversal of the high court 's ruling near the top of their agenda . On Thursday , that piece of the agenda was completed . The Ledbetter Act was the first bill signed into law by Obama . "  It is fitting that with the very first bill I sign ... we are upholding one of this nation 's first principles : that we are all created equal and each deserve a chance to pursue our own version of happiness , " Obama said at the bill 's signing ceremony . "  If we stay focused , as Lilly did -- and keep standing for what 's right , as Lilly did -- we will close that pay gap and ensure that our daughters have the same rights , the same chances , and the same freedom to pursue their dreams as our sons . " First lady Michelle Obama also made clear her support of the new law and Ledbetter personally . "  Anyone who meets Lilly ca n't help but be impressed by her commitment , " the first lady said at a reception shortly after her husband signed the bill into law . "  She knew unfairness when she saw it and was willing to do something about it because it was the right thing to do , plain and simple . " For Ledbetter , the signing was emotional . "  To watch  the president  sign a bill that bears my name -- the bill that will help women and others fight pay discrimination in the workplace -- is truly overwhelming , " Ledbetter said while standing next to the first lady . "  Goodyear will never have to pay me what it cheated me out of . In fact , I will never see a cent from my case . But with the president 's signature today , I have an even richer reward . I know that my daughter and granddaughters ... will have a better deal . That 's what makes this fight worth fighting . " With this win , Ledbetter concluded to a rousing ovation , "  we will make a big difference in the real world . "	Signing of pay-equity law brings woman 's 10-year fight to victorious end Workers no longer have to file complaint within 180 days of first unfair check Law named for ex-Goodyear Tire worker who sued over gender discrimination Lilly Ledbetter law is first bill signed into law by President Obama
Washington  CNN  -- An Electoral College tie . It 's the white whale of American elections : elusive , mythical and never realized . But could it finally happen this year ? The likelihood that President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney will each net 269 electoral votes in November , instead of the 270 needed to win , is actually not so farfetched -- and for close observers of the Electoral College system , a tie would set off a wave of constitutional and political mayhem that would make the 2000 Florida recount seem like a tidy affair . Check out the CNN electoral map and calculator Election results in key states would immediately be subject to legal challenges . Electors , normally an anonymous batch of party insiders elected to ratify each state 's winner with their electoral votes , would be lobbied to change their votes by friends , neighbors and political leaders . Ultimately , the House of Representatives could elect the next president , even if that candidate lost the popular vote . "  What it would reveal is that we have , in some sense , a profoundly undemocratic mechanism for dealing with a tie , " said Alex Keyssar , a professor of history and social policy at Harvard University , and a critic of the Electoral College . "  I think there would be an enormous outcry over that . " A quick reading of the electoral map shows that the prospect is startlingly real . This year 's list of battleground states is now familiar to anyone following the race . The campaigns and their allies are spending money in states where the polls are tight : Ohio , Florida , Virginia , Nevada , Colorado , New Hampshire and Iowa . By the numbers : Why Ohio matters Democrats say North Carolina is in the mix . Republicans insist the same is true for Pennsylvania , Wisconsin and Michigan , where Romney has family roots . Strategists inside both campaigns agree , for now , that the 2008 battlegrounds of Missouri and Indiana are all but certain to go red , while New Mexico is likely to stay blue . So using those parameters , here 's one plausible scenario in which no candidate wins an Electoral College majority in November : Romney tears up Obama 's 2008 map and wins New Hampshire , Iowa , Ohio , Florida , North Carolina and Nevada . Obama , meanwhile , keeps Colorado , Virginia , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin in the Democratic column . That combination of states adds up to 269 votes for each candidate -- and that 's just one of several realistic scenarios yielding the same outcome . A handful of paths involve Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , two blue-leaning states that Democrats insist are off the table for Republicans  even though the Obama campaign has spent heavily in Pennsylvania on television ads attacking Romney  . Also in the mix is Nebraska . The state awards its five electoral votes by congressional district , and the Omaha-anchored 2nd District sent a single vote to Obama in 2008 . The Obama campaign has been organizing in the Omaha metro area for months , and the Republican National Committee is opening a field office there in the coming weeks . Both campaigns know that just a single electoral vote could play a decisive role in what 's expected to be a historically close race , and that makes what happens in the event of an Electoral College tie all the more intriguing . Both political parties begin coordinated ad efforts with the campaigns The rules governing the process -- outlined 208 years ago in the 12th Amendment -- seem straightforward . The House tallies up the electoral votes in a special session of the next Congress in January , and if no candidate reaches a majority , then each state 's delegation in the House casts a vote for president . The last time a "  contigent election , " as it 's known , occurred was 1824 . After the unresolved presidential election of 1824 , when none of the four candidates achieved an Electoral College majority , the House met the following January to decide the outcome . After a good bit of politicking from all the candidates , the House awarded the presidency to John Quincy Adams , even though Andrew Jackson had won the most electoral votes . This is the model that will be used if Obama and Romney find their fates in the hands of Congress in January . According to a report on contingent elections by the Congressional Research Service , the procedures undertaken for that 1825 vote -- the House met in closed session without reporters , for instance , and voted anonymously by paper ballot -- would be "  precedential , but not binding " for similar elections in the future . But a modern-day version of that pageant play is guaranteed to be messier and far more dramatic , election scholars say . If Romney and Obama both finish on November 6 with 269 electoral votes apiece , the true results will not be known until December 17 . That 's when the electors -- Democratic and Republican loyalists nominated by state party officials and placed on the ballot alongside the presidential candidates -- meet in their respective state capitals and the District of Columbia to formally cast their electoral votes . That has become a mostly irrelevant exercise in recent presidential elections . But in the event of a razor-thin finish , or a 269-vote tie , every elector will suddenly wield great power . A handful of states have "  faithless elector " laws on the books designed to punish electors who switch their votes , and some two dozen states require electors to pledge to vote for the state 's winner . "  If there appears to be a tie , then faithless electors become a big problem , and we could have a real mess on our hands , " said Robert W. Bennett , a constitutional law professor at Northwestern University who has written extensively about the Electoral College . Many recent electors have mulled switching their votes and little can be done to stop them , said Robert Alexander , an Electoral College expert at Ohio Northern University . What are the most important issues to you ? In the course of writing a book on presidential electors , Alexander interviewed more than half of the electors who participated in the 2000 , 2004 and 2008 elections . Of the 2004 group , 10 % said they considered voting for someone other than to whom they were pledged . In 2008 , 11 % said the same . Many told Alexander they were lobbied or pressured by someone to change their allegiance -- sometimes in person , sometimes by anonymous e-mails and phone calls -- in the period between Election Day and mid-December , when the Electoral College votes . "  If it 's really close , you would expect to see massive lobbying campaigns , " Alexander said . "  Most do follow the herd , but not all , and that becomes the question in a close election . What happens at the margins ? " Despite being party loyalists , he said , electors are regular people with their own biases and political inclinations . In rare cases , they make them known . In 2000 , Washington D.C. elector Barbara Lett-Simmons abstained from casting her electoral vote as a protest against the District 's lack of voting representation in Congress . In 2004 , an anonymous Minnesota elector voted for John Edwards instead of John Kerry . Throughout this past spring and summer , Ron Paul 's devoted supporters worked furiously to elect their own as electors at state party conventions . "  They are trying to be the revolution to the Electoral College , " Alexander said . If the electors behave in December and affirm an Election Night split decision , the action would move on to the House of Representatives . A joint session of the newly elected Congress would be convened to open and count electoral votes . A House leadership aide told CNN this would happen on Monday , January 7 . If no candidate reaches a majority of 270 votes , a contingent election immediately ensues . In the House , each state 's delegation casts a single vote for president . This scenario all but guarantees a victory for Romney . Republicans hold a majority in 33 state delegations to 16 delegations for the Democrats . Barring a miraculous Democratic wave up and down the ballot this November , the axis of power is unlikely to shift enough to hand Obama 's party control of a majority of state delegations . And there 's another hiccup : The vice president is elected separately by the U.S. Senate , which may still be controlled by Democrats next year . Each senator has a single vote , and the next vice president would be chosen by a simple majority vote . A Romney-Biden administration ? No one 's betting on it . But it could happen . If you 're voting this election season , we want to hear why . Share your thoughts on the presidential race .	The likelihood that Obama and Romney each net 269 electoral votes is not so far-fetched A CNN analysis finds eight scenarios that could yield a Electoral College tie In the event of a tie , each state 's House delegation casts a single vote for president In 1825 , the House awarded the presidency to John Quincy Adams
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 12 militants in Pakistan 's volatile tribal area late Saturday , officials told CNN . Two intelligence officials say a militant hideout was targeted by a missile in the village of Issori in North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan . Officials asked to not be named because they were not allowed to talk to the media .	NEW : Suspected U.S. drone kills 12 militants in Pakistan 's tribal region The target was a militant hideout in North Waziristan , officials say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The upcoming ninth season of NBC 's "  The Office " will be the sitcom 's last , executive producer Greg Daniels said Tuesday . Though the show 's ratings are healthy -- it is NBC 's highest-rated scripted series -- contracts are expiring for most of the original cast , making it "  the last chance for us to go out together and to make an artistic ending , " Daniels said . All 15 of the characters from season eight will return , with the addition of Jake Lacy and Clark Duke , he said . But the contracts of most of the veterans are expiring , he said . "  They all have exciting opportunities , " he said . "  We could n't count on getting that many people back for season 10 . " Previously on CNN.com : ` The Office ' falls to ratings low against ` Big Bang ' repeat The show could have continued by adding characters as veteran stars moved on to other projects , but "  the show would be changed to such a degree that it would n't be the same show , " he said . The final season will "  do justice to the existing characters in the most creative and explosive way , " he added . "  As we head into the home stretch , we have a lot of exciting things I personally have been wanting to do since season two and the ending should be pretty cool , " Daniels said . One story arc in particular is the relationship between receptionist Pam Beesly and salesman Jim Halpert , he said . "  The most loyal fans would really want to see that happen , " he said . The last season will also reveal details viewers have been guessing about , including the "  documentary " that was being produced in the office . "  Basically , all questions will be answered this year , " Daniels said . "  We are going to see who is behind the documentary . " Knowing it is the final year , producers can do the "  kind of risky things that we would n't normally do if we knew we were going for a long time . But we can kind of blow up things and take some chances . " The final season premieres at 9 p.m. September 20 . Is NBC developing an ` Office ' spinoff for Rainn Wilson ? Michael J. Fox returns to NBC with new comedy NBC defends ` Community ' changes	The final season of "  The Office " will offer "  an artistic ending , " producer Greg Daniels says It will "  do justice to the existing characters in the most creative and explosive way , " Daniels adds Ratings are healthy , but cast contracts are expiring "  We could n't count on getting that many people back for season 10 , " Daniels says
CNN  -- Much has been said about Kim Kardashian in the weeks leading up to her wedding , and now the reality star is speaking for herself . The 33-year-old opened up Wednesday on topics ranging from the truth about her wedding dress to racism . For starters , she posted May 7 , she and fiance Kanye West are n't married yet , despite speculation earlier in the week that the two had secured a marriage license . They 're also not going to film their upcoming nuptials for E! 's "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians . " "  You will see everything leading up til and after ! " Kardashian tweeted . "  As much as we would love to share these memories on camera , we 've decided to keep this close to our heart & share thru photos . " There 's also been chatter about who will and wo n't be coming to the Kardashian-West wedding -- People magazine has indicated that the Kardashian family will be there , but not West 's pals Jay Z and Beyonce -- while others have gossiped about the details of Kardashian 's wedding dress . Yet according to the reality star , her fans should n't believe a word "  unless you hear it from us . " "  No guest list has been released . Seeing fake ones , " she tweeted . "  Especially not 1600 people invited like I just read .  The wedding is  VERY small & intimate . " And for that matter , she 's seen "  fake wedding dress pics of me . No one has seen my dress ! Those photos are old or Photoshopped . " After Kardashian got those wedding-related thoughts off her chest , she turned to a more serious matter : how being a mother of a mixed-race child has affected her understanding of racism . In a blog post titled "  On My Mind , " Kardashian spoke about how welcoming daughter North with West last June is like getting "  to see the world for the first time again , but through someone else 's eyes . " "  It 's amazing how one little person and the love I have for her has brought new meaning to every moment . What once seemed so important , now feels insignificant , " she writes . "  To be honest , before I had North , I never really gave racism or discrimination a lot of thought . It is obviously a topic that Kanye is passionate about , but I guess it was easier for me to believe that it was someone else 's battle . " But with the arrival of her daughter , Kardashian says she 's more aware "  of a side of life that is n't always so pretty . " "  I feel a responsibility as a mother , a public figure , a human being , to do what I can to make sure that not only my child , but all children , do n't have to grow up in a world where they are judged by the color of their skin , or their gender , or their sexual orientation , " Kardashian concluded . "  I want my daughter growing up in a world where love for one another is the most important thing . "	Kim Kardashian shared multiple thoughts on May 7 Some of it dispelled wedding rumors , others touched on more serious topics The reality star is set to marry Kanye West on May 24
CNN  -- The rapid evolution of mobile technology has placed quite a burden on our brains . Nowadays , attention to even the most pressing of matters can be interrupted at any moment by a familiar buzzing in the pocket -- a friendly nudge to "  pay attention to me ! " that many find virtually impossible to resist , even while driving on busy roads . These frequent and unplanned interruptions , coupled with growing expectations for immediate responses , challenge our cognitive control system at its very core . Cognitive control is our ability to focus on accomplishing a task in the context of competing demands . This increasingly taxed ability is what has allowed humans to achieve remarkable feats , such as developing languages and building complex societies . Special series : Our mobile society Although data are still lacking on the direct impact of mobile technology on cognition , there is extensive evidence showing that our brains are exquisitely sensitive to external interference by both irrelevant distractions and multitasking . This "  noise in the system " erodes our performance on a wide spectrum of cognitive activities , including the ability to recall details in our lives . In other words , an overload of "  noise " can wear down our memory . For example , we found that a simple task that intervenes while you are holding a piece of information will degrade your ability to remember it . This is because the memory network in your brain that is responsible for remembering is disrupted by the interrupting task and has to be reactivated . This is why we often consider multitasking a myth , and feel it is more accurate to think of it as rapid task switching . Likewise , we found in another experiment that even having your eyes and ears open and exposed to normal visual and auditory environmental stimuli can diminish the details of visual memories when you try to recall them . The negative impact is greater for those with undeveloped or impaired cognitive control , such as children and older adults , and is exacerbated by the presence of neurological or psychiatric conditions like ADHD or Alzheimer 's disease . There is no doubt that we have to be careful about the influence of unending streams of interference on our minds . We should make more informed decisions about how best to interact with the technologies in our environment . When we are engaged in something that requires high-quality attention , especially if it is time sensitive , we should attempt to conduct ourselves in a manner that is most appropriate for how our brains function : in focus mode . Just because all of this marvelous technology exists does not mean that we have to use it all at the same time . We are not slaves to it , obliged to respond whenever it calls . Turning off mobile notifications and making an effort to use only one high-tech device at a time is a way to stretch our cognitive resources . While this is not always feasible , we should be mindful to do so . Despite all the very real concerns , mobile technology can be harnessed to improve our minds . There are ongoing efforts by cognitive science laboratories and companies to develop cognitive assessment and brain training software that will function on mobile phones and tablets . This field is still in its infancy , but early signs are encouraging . For example , one day we might be able to design apps that allow people to probe their own cognitive abilities  processing speed , memory , decision-making , etc.  at any time during the day and track these abilities over the years , transmitting the results from their smartphones to a health care provider if desired . This real-time data will be more powerful than what we currently obtain by using questionnaires and cognitive snapshots during stressful visits to the doctor 's office . Over time , with growing databases across the population , you can compare yourself to any of your cohorts . Such tools that measure our biological signals can help advance our understanding of our bodies and aid doctors and scientists in their efforts to combat illness and diseases . In addition , we might be able to play immersive apps that incorporate the best video game mechanics into brain training programs to enhance cognition , perhaps allowing people to correct neural deficiencies and even delay the development of dementia . Of course , this potential needs to balance against any unforeseen negative effects . For now , it 's exciting to speculate on the promises of what mobile technology can offer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Gazzaley .	Adam Gazzaley : Frequent interruptions challenge our cognitive control system Gazzaley : "  Noise in the system " erodes our performance , including memory He says we 're not slaves to technology ; we should try to operate in focus mode Gazzaley : Despite concerns , mobile technology can be harnessed to improve our minds
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu coasted to victory in Tuesday 's elections , defying pre-election polls showing his Likud party trailing his main rival , the center-left Zionist Union . Ever the master politician and brilliant tactician , he used the politics of fear to galvanize his right-wing base , which ultimately secured him a fourth term . Israel , however , may not fare as well as its leader did at the polls . In a matter of days , Netanyahu exposed his true attitude toward Israel 's conflict with the Palestinians , in the process threatening to further erode an already strained relationship with the White House . Less than two weeks ago , Netanyahu declared that his speech of June 2009 at Bar-Ilan University , where he publicly endorsed a demilitarized Palestinian state , is no longer relevant . On Monday , he continued on this theme , announcing that a Palestinian state would not be established under his watch . These comments were tactical moves aimed at mobilizing his base , but so was his Bar-Ilan speech a maneuver aimed at appeasing U.S. President Barack Obama and quelling criticism from abroad . Ultimately , political expedience led Netanyahu to reveal what many critics had long suspected : He has never supported a two-state solution . In the last six years of his premiership , Netanyahu has spoken out repeatedly against a withdrawal to the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed land swaps -- the basis for a two-state solution ; insisted that Palestinians recognize Israel as the state of the Jewish people -- a condition no Palestinian leader can accept ; and presided over unprecedented settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians regard as their future capital . Meanwhile , the Israeli Prime Minister has disparaged Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas at every opportunity , asserting that he encourages terrorism -- a claim that was contradicted by the head of Israel 's top security service -- and repeating the mantra that Abbas is not a legitimate peace partner . In 2011 , he reportedly quashed the Palestinian leader 's draft peace agreement that had been secretly negotiated with former Israeli President Shimon Peres . In a less guarded moment , Netanyahu told Israeli writer Etgar Keret that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was "  insoluble . " Netanyahu 's duplicity on the Palestinian issue has led to a highly dysfunctional relationship with the Obama administration , which has tried , in vain , to broker an Israeli-Palestinian agreement . He made a farce of last year 's John Kerry-brokered peace talks by increasing settlement work fourfold during this negotiating period . Adding fuel to the fire , Netanyahu has repeatedly injected himself into U.S. politics , most recently with his acceptance of an invitation by House Speaker John Boehner to address Congress -- a move that was widely seen as a partisan ploy to undercut the White House . Obama has yet to respond to Netanyahu 's most recent statements , which can only serve to further damage Washington 's ties with Jerusalem while contributing to Israel 's growing isolation . One European government after another has begun to turn its back on the Israeli government , taking steps to recognize a Palestinian state since it appears less and less likely that one will emerge as a result of negotiations . But criticism of Netanyahu 's approach to the Palestinian issue has also come from none other than the Israeli security community , many of whose members are alarmed at Israel 's deteriorating position in the international community in general and its schism with Washington in particular . A broad array of former generals , ex-heads of Israel Defense Forces military intelligence , and former chiefs of the Mossad and Shin Bet intelligence services have long argued that the status quo is unsustainable and that a two-state solution is vital to Israel 's future as a Jewish and democratic state . In the last month , nearly 200 of these former high-ranking security officials launched a campaign demanding a change in leadership in light of what they view as Netanyahu 's failure to take any diplomatic initiative while harming one of Israel 's greatest security assets : its relationship with the United States . Israelis did not heed the ex-security officials ' warnings when they voted to retain Netanyahu as their Prime Minister . But while Netanyahu 's come-from-behind victory may attest to his shrewd political instincts , it will also come with a high cost for his country .	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu won re-election Tuesday Guy Ziv : Netanyahu has repeatedly injected himself into U.S. politics
CNN  -- Tim Sherwood said he wants to become Tottenham 's next permanent manager . Beating Southampton in his first league game in charge as caretaker on Sunday would n't have hurt his chances . And not only did Spurs win , but they did so in style , rallying to edge the struggling Saints 3-2 away from home . It was the first time Tottenham scored three goals in an English Premier League match this season and the lack of goals was one of the reasons Andre Villas-Boas got the sack last week . "  I really enjoyed it today , but one swallow does not make a summer , " Sherwood , a former England midfielder , told Sky Sports . Sherwood threw caution to the wind and fielded an attacking lineup , starting strikers Emmanuel Adebayor and Roberto Soldado -- Villas-Boas usually just played with one up front -- as well as Erik Lamela and Gylfi Sigurdsson . "  I like to set teams up like that , " said Sherwood . "  There are no rules , there are different ways to win a football match . You have to do what you believe . " The previously out-of-favor Adebayor scored twice , adding to his strike in the League Cup under Sherwood , and Tottenham was in charge after drawing level in the first half . Tottenham reclaimed seventh from Manchester United and trails new league-leader Liverpool by six points . The top five in England are separated by a mere three points . "  I am very happy for the new manager , " Adebayor , who has also lined up for Real Madrid , Manchester City and Arsenal , told Sky . "  First day he told me to , ` Get out there and play football , you know how to do it because of the clubs you have played for . ' " Adam Lallana gave Southampton the lead in the 13th minute with a long-range effort but Tottenham was n't behind for long . Adebayor volleyed Soldado 's cross in the 25th minute and central defender Jos Hooiveld scored into his own net under pressure in the penalty box early in the second half . Southampton , against the run of play , equalized when Lallana set up Rickie Lambert for a tap in before Adebayor 's winner in the 64th minute . Soldado , who like Lamela has struggled since a big money move in the summer , then squandered three good opportunities but Southampton failed to make Tottenham pay . Once occupying a Champions League spot , Southampton is now ninth and winless in its last six . Everton moved into fourth , ahead of Chelsea , when it beat Swansea 2-1 later Sunday . Ross Barkley scored the winner with a stunning free kick in the 85th minute . The Toffees have the fewest losses in the league under newish boss Roberto Martinez -- one . On Monday , Arsenal hosts Chelsea . The Gunners need to win to leapfrog Liverpool and head the standings at Christmas .	Tottenham rallies to beat Southampton 3-2 in the English Premier League It was caretaker Tim Sherwood 's first league game in charge Previously out-of-favor striker Emmanuel Adebayor scores twice for Spurs Everton moves into the top four after beating Swansea 2-1 on the road
London  CNN  -- Last night Britain 's fashion elite gathered at the London Coliseum for the 2013 British Fashion Awards . Nominees for the prestigious industry awards included models Cara Delevingne and Edie Campbell , and designers Anya Hindmarch and Sarah Burton . Trends may come and go , but even among this fashion-conscious crowd there was one certainty : all eyes would be on Kate Moss . The British Fashion Council honored the 39-year-old model with a Special Recognition Award for her 25 years in the industry . During her glittering career she has appeared on 34 covers of British Vogue . She 's fronted campaigns for Burberry and Chanel . And she 's remained one of the world 's best-paid models , even as twenty-somethings like Hilary Rhoda , Lara Stone and Joan Smalls have stomped onto the catwalk . Despite all of those achievements , Moss seemed starstruck as she accepted her trophy from Marc Jacobs . "  Oh my god . It 's so weird , very very surreal , " she said on stage . "  Thank you everyone who has worked with and kept booking me . I am really very grateful . " Born to a barmaid and a travel agent in Croydon , south London , modeling was not an obvious career move . But in 1988 Sarah Doukas , the founder of Storm Model Management , spotted Moss at New York 's JFK Airport , where Moss was catching a connecting flight home after a family holiday to the Bahamas . Watch : Where have all the black models gone ? Standing just 5 ' 7 , her waifish look contrasted sharply with the likes of Naomi Campbell and Cindy Crawford , two of the leggy Glamazons who dominated the runways at the time . David Ross , a London based portrait artist , shot the first professional pictures of Moss later that year . He remembers that she offered something fresh and approachable , underlined by a quiet strength . "  She just had a certain edge in her natural expression and there was a look in her eye in her very first pictures that we are still familiar with today , " he says . Modeling came easy to her , and Ross was able to capture a surprisingly large range of expressions for a model so young . She seemed unaware , or at least unmoved , by her prowess , and she lacked the diva qualities so common in aspiring models . "  She was n't like other girls doing the big ' I AM ' , " Ross says . "  She was young , but she had the perfect balance of being cool and collected and warm towards everyone at the same time , which made her very attractive to work with . " Two years later British photographer Corinne Day shot black-and-white images of Moss for Face magazine . The fashion press went wild and Moss became the poster child of the grunge aesthetic . After years of casting glamor girls on the runway , designers gravitated to Moss ' ` anti-model ' look . In subsequent years Moss walked the line between haute and mainstream , appearing in campaigns for a diverse roster of brands including Bulgari , Dolce & Gabbana , Longchamp , and Versace , but also Virgin Mobile and Nikon cameras . In 2003 , she even portrayed a pole dancer in the White Stripes ' music video "  I Just Do n't Know What to Do With Myself . " For reasons photographers , fashionistas and editors do not fully understand , Moss 's look translates across all demographics , from the luxury consumer to the high-street shopper . Legendary photographer David Bailey has taken some of the most iconic shots of Moss . As he tells CNN : "  Kate has a unique beauty that is totally democratic and has a universal appeal . " That makes her highly bankable . Brands eventually encouraged Moss to leverage her fashion credentials in new areas , and she moved from catwalk to the design chair . When she designed a collection for Topshop in 2007 , the entire range sold out on the first day . She went on to design 14 more collections for the store . Last July , Moss 's range of "  fashion tech " accessories for mobile phones became the fastest-ever selling accessory at Carphone Warehouse , a British high street retailer . Moss 's journey from Croydon to the runways of Paris and Milan has not always been easy . High-profile romances $ " to Johnny Depp , Jefferson Hack and Pete Doherty $ " fizzled . In 2005 , she lost lucrative contracts with Burberry , Chanel and H&M after British tabloids reported allegations of drug abuse . That fall she voluntarily entered a rehabilitation clinic in Arizona . Her travails were high-profile , but so was her recovery . Within a year Moss had clawed her way back to the top of the industry , securing a raft of lucrative campaigns . Her difficulties seemed to endear her to the public even more . After rehab she went on to climb the Forbes magazine list of the world 's highest paid models . In an industry defined by physical perfection , vulnerability has its appeal . Alexandra Shulman , the editor of British Vogue , views Moss 's success in more straightforward terms . "  Kate has had such a long and successful career as a model because she is sensationally good at it , " she says . "  She understands what it means to model and I think she enjoys the skill she has in this role . I know all my fashion editors and photographers love working with her because of this and also because it 's nearly impossible to take a bad picture of her . " In September , Christie 's auctioned a series of art works inspired by Kate Moss for more than $ 2.6 million . A three-foot-high glass figurine of Moss sold for $ 214,000 . Some might say she is being consigned to history . A more generous interpretation is that collectors understand that her value will continue to soar . Just ask Topshop . In April Moss will launch her 15th line with the retailer . Do n't call it a comeback . As fans of fashion 's most enduring face already know , Moss has n't gone anywhere . In 2011 : Kate Moss 's wedding was ` rock-n-roll Gatsby '	Kate Moss honored for her 25-year career Photographer says 14-year-old Moss was no diva Model makes even more money after drug scandal
CNN  -- Joel Osteen is the senior pastor for the Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas . It 's America 's largest congregation . His wife , Victoria Osteen , is the co-pastor there . Joel and Victoria Osteen appear on "  Larry King Live " Tuesday night . The Osteens , known for their optimistic outlook on life , visited "  Larry King Live " Tuesday night for a wide-ranging interview that covered President Obama , same-sex marriage , the recent outbreak of mass shootings , the state of religion in America and more . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : Since you were last on , we have sworn in our first African-American president . What are your impressions -LSB- of Barack Obama -RSB- ? Joel Osteen : Well , I think he 's doing a great job . I 'm impressed with his skill , his calmness , his just strength under pressure . These are tough times for him . King : And you , Victoria ? Victoria Osteen : I 've been really impressed . In fact , I 've been impressed -LSB- with -RSB- the first lady . She stepped up , and she 's done a remarkable job . King : Recent polls show 12 percent of Americans still believe Obama is a Muslim , and 35 percent say they do n't know his religion , but to most of them it do n't matter . Should it matter ? Joel Osteen : Well , it matters to me . It matters to me that I know he loves the Lord , and I think it 's important that he has convictions from his faith . So to me , it matters when I 'm making my personal decisions . King : Does it matter to you , Victoria ? Victoria Osteen : It does . It matters to me . ... I believe he is a Christian . King : The "  Hope for Today Bible . " This is a new Bible -LSB- from you -RSB- . How is this different from other Bibles ? Joel Osteen : It 's a living translation of the Bible , which is an easy version to read . And then it 's got our notes besides certain passages . And it 's just to help people maybe to understand the Bible a little bit easier . King : Do you think that eventually many more states are going to allow same-sex marriage ? Joel Osteen : You know , I do n't know where it 's all going ... I 'd love to see it stay between a male and a female , not knocking anybody else . King : Supposing there were more states that had it . What would be the harm ? Victoria Osteen : We really want to see marriage between a man and a woman . There -LSB- are -RSB- going to be people who get together and have relationships and have what they call their families . But I just think marriage should be sanctified by the church . It should be between a man and a woman . King : Should a gay couple be allowed to adopt ? Joel Osteen : I think that , again , it 's best for a male and a female . I 'm not saying that gay people are n't good people . ... King : Or good parents . Watch Larry King 's interview with the Osteens " Joel Osteen : Yeah , exactly . But again , I like to shoot for God 's best , and that is a father and a mother in the home . It does n't always happen . I know a lot of people raised by single parents . And you know what ? We bless them and pray for them as well . But I think God 's best is a male and female . King : In the new issue of Newsweek , the lead story by Jon Meacham is "  The Decline and Fall of Christian America . " Just off the premise of that headline , do you accept that ? That Christian America is in trouble ? Joel Osteen : I 'm trying to think where he 's coming from . ... I see faith in America at an all-time high . King : The Newsweek article quotes our Albert Mohler Jr. . And he 's president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary . And he said , "  The so-called Judeo-Christian consensus of the last millennium has given way to a post-modern , post-Christian , post-Western cultural crisis which threatens the heart of our very culture . " Joel Osteen : Well , he 's a smart man and I respect him . You know , maybe what he 's saying is true . ... America is more diverse than it was 50 years ago . And I do n't know that that means we as Christians are any less . I would like to think our influence is still there . ... And I 'm sure I 'm an optimistic by nature . King : What do you make of these mass shootings ? Joel Osteen : You know , it 's really sad . People get deranged . People get confused . ... I believe there are dark forces in our world . There are evil forces that , unfortunately , we can give into . And some of it is just from depression , just that mental illness . King : Do you pray for them , Victoria ? The shooters ? Victoria Osteen : Oh , absolutely . You 've got to pray for them . They 're obviously tormented . They 're deceived and not cherishing life . ... So yeah , we do pray for them . King : We 've had a mass depression in this country , recession . Do you think that might be at the core of some of these things ? Victoria Osteen : I think it is . When you 've lost your job and you 've just been beaten down and you do n't see any future , it 's easy to start letting those negative thoughts play . ... You do n't have anything to live for . It 's never going to get any better . And I think that if you do n't watch it , you 'll just spiral down and down and down . And that is why we feel so strongly about just giving people hope . Even at your lowest moment , you never know what God can do . He can turn any situation around . You can be just one night from getting the break you need , getting the job you want . King : How do you deal with death , having to console people -LSB- who are -RSB- dying ? Joel Osteen : Well , it 's difficult . But Larry , we have the hope of heaven . We believe we 'll see our loved ones again . And as hard as it is , we 'll just try to encourage people that death is just a separation . ... I lost my dad 10 years ago , and he was my best friend . But it 's amazing the peace that God gave me . So I believe that God can give you a strength and a new beginning . King : Where do you believe he is ? Joel Osteen : I believe he 's in heaven . King : Which is a place . ... Joel Osteen : I believe it 's a real place . ... You 've had people on a lot about near death experience , and I 've talked to them too , how they 've had an accident and all of a sudden , they 're up watching themselves . And I believe that our spirit 's on the inside . My belief as a Christian is when we receive Christ as salvation that that gives us a guarantee for heaven .	Joel and Victoria Osteen pastor America 's largest church , visit "  Larry King Live " Joel Osteen would like to see marriage stay between man and woman Victoria Osteen says we need to pray for troubled , violent people Her advice if you 're facing hard times : God "  can turn any situation around "
If you fall asleep in bed every night with the TV on , you 're apparently a dying breed . More people now use their tablet or smartphone in the bedroom for late-night video viewing rather than switching on the tube , according to a new survey . Motorola Mobility surveyed 9,500 people in 17 countries and found that "  consumers are watching an enormous amount of video , in some surprising ways , in unexpected places . " Among respondents , 46 % said they 've watched video on their smartphones in the master bedroom , and 41 % said they 've done so on tablets . That 's compared with 36 % who said they watch TV while , or after , hitting the sack . Motorola 's fourth annual Media Engagement Barometer does n't delve deeply into what sort of content people are watching in the bedroom or elsewhere  though it could be noted that the section revealing the bedroom habits is called "  Multi-screen Romance "  . But John Burke , a senior vice president and general manager of Motorola Mobility 's "  Converged Solutions " service , said consumers want more flexibility in how and where they watch movies and TV shows . "  They want to be firmly in control of the way they experience their videos , but they 're frustrated , " he said . "  Increasingly , they 're using tablets and smartphones to view their content , and they expect this experience to transition seamlessly across their favorite programs , whenever and wherever they like . " For example , one in 10 respondents said they watch mobile video in the kitchen . Cooking shows , maybe ? The study had some other interesting findings , not all of which were necessarily heartening , depending on your point of view . The number of hours people said they watch TV every week almost doubled in two years : from 10 hours in 2011 to 19 hours this year . Add the five to six hours respondents said they watch movies each week , and we 're looking at more than a full day every week spent with eyeballs glued to one screen or another . The United States led the pack , reporting 23 hours of TV and six hours of movies per week . And the DVR revolution -- a growing frustration for ratings-hungry TV networks whose ads often get skipped -- was obvious . Respondents said that almost one-third of the TV they watch  29 %  is recorded . Among those who record shows , 77 % said they do so because there 's another show they 'd rather watch at the same time , 72 % said they do it so they 'll have a digital box set of their favorite shows , and 68 % said they do it so they can skip commercials -- a number that jumps to 74 % in the United States and 75 % in the U.K. That 's been the source of a bunch of controversy . Last year , TV networks launched a flurry of lawsuits against Dish Network over its AdHop feature , which lets users automatically skip commercials while watching recorded shows . The networks , led by Fox , NBC and CBS , claim that such features will ruin the system that finances their shows , while Dish argued that people have been skipping ads , in one way or another , since the invention of TV .	Survey says people watch smartphones and tablets more than TV in the bedroom 46 % of respondents have used smartphones and 41 % have used tablets in the boudoir As mobile viewing increases , users want seamless experience across devices Motorola Mobility surveyed 9,500 people in 17 countries
CNN  -- We always want answers . NFL linebacker Jovan Belcher , 25 , shot to death the mother of his child , and then shot himself in the head in the middle of the afternoon Saturday outside the team 's Kansas City practice facility . The day before , a man killed his father 's live-in girlfriend and then burst into a Wyoming college classroom where his father taught and killed him , police said . The man then ended his own life . Experts who spoke with CNN say there are about 1,500 murder-suicide incidents in the United States every year . In comparison , there were 14,612 murders in 2011 , the FBI says , and 38,364 suicides in 2010 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The 1,500 figure is questionable , experts caution , because there are no official statistics on this kind of crime -- the FBI does n't keep track , and police classify murders in different ways . This lack of certainty often amplifies the frustration people feel when loved ones are wrenched from them so violently . And it makes it even tougher to understand when the violence is wrought in public . Here 's what we know from research about murder-suicides : -- Fathers who kill their children , then themselves , are usually older than the mothers . -- Older couples in murder-suicides are more likely to have medical illnesses . -- Older men are more likely to kill themselves . -- Younger couples are more likely to have a history of verbal discord . -- Firearms are the favored weapon . -- Victims are overwhelmingly female . -- Estrangement is typically the biggest contributing factor . Leaving the living to question everything Fourteen years ago , Jamie Righter 's brother was estranged from his former fiancee . The couple had trouble conceiving and were seeking fertility treatments . She had a relationship with another person and became pregnant , Righter told CNN , and her brother was incensed . Fueled by alcohol , the brother killed the ex-fiancee and then himself . "  My brother was never violent or abusive a day in his life , " she said . "  Nobody ever expected this . My brother was the kid next door . I have spent years trying to understand . " Righter and her mother formed the Community Awareness and Support Center in Oregon specifically for family members of people who had committed murder-suicides . "  I feel like there 's nobody who is telling their story , " she said . "  I feel like all you do is struggling , and you go back and you go back , and what could we have seen or done ? The living are faced with what is left . "  You are called ` murderer 's family . ' People harass . They talk . It can be very hard . " On top of the pain of that , she must also grieve the loss of her brother , whom she loved very much . "  It 's been 14 years , and I still cry for what he did , " she said . "  My mom gets calls all the time from people who 've had a murder-suicide in their family . They ask her , ` How do you continue to live ? ' " It took Righter 's mother several years to decide she wanted to live because she felt so guilty for what her son had done . They lost family and friends because , Righter said , "  they just could n't deal with it , or could n't handle watching her cry . " "  We feel anger , too . We feel so much , " she added . "  So all we can do is tell our story , and keep telling it . " Raising alarms Each story is different . But mental health professionals believe there are generally two types of people whose behavior could set off alarm bells as possible attackers . One is a "  middle-aged man who is recently separated or facing pending estrangement from an intimate partner and who is depressed and has access to firearms , " writes Dr. Scott Eliason . "  The other is an "  an older male who is the primary caregiver for a spouse who is ill or debilitated , where there is a recent onset of new illness in the male , depression and access to firearms . " That 's according to a study Eliason published in the Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law . Related : manhood , football and suicide Sometimes , people want to kill themselves because they perceive someone has stopped loving them . The person who is perceived as withholding affection becomes a target . "  A person who is miserable about the loss of affection in their life achieves compatibility again with this person by execution , " said Dr. Frank Campbell , the executive director of the Baton Rouge Crisis Intervention Center in Louisiana . He 's been studying suicide for more than two decades and travels around the world to investigate suicide scenes . "  When one commits murder-suicide , they create acceptable consequences to them -- they are now with that person in a way they can control , " Campbell said . Related : Chiefs play on Why some kill in public Because murder-suicide statistics are n't readily available , it 's not possible to be sure how many happen in public spaces , like in Kansas City and Wyoming . But choosing a public space , or at least doing it in front of other people , is a way to make a "  major statement , " said Dr. Nadine Kaslow , a professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Emory University in Atlanta . "  Often these are impulsive acts , too , " she said . "  There 's just no way to know what was going through someone 's head . " Public murder-suicide can be an act of communication , Campbell said . It 's a way of acting out frustration and pain that can not be conveyed in another way . And though it 's typically between two people who know each other , the label murder-suicide includes mass killings , after which the killer or killers end their lives . Experts mention infamous Columbine High School killers Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold ; or Seung-Hui Cho , the college student who killed 32 others before taking his life at Virginia Tech in 2007 . There 's a lot of looking in the rear-view mirror , too . The spider web of people who are affected by a murder-suicide -- friends , family , even the community that sees it in the news -- are burdened to look for hints they might have missed . So know this : Sometimes , people contemplating suicide warn us , said Dr. Charles Raison , a CNN contributor and an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona . "  People who kill themselves often will tell someone ahead of time , " he wrote for CNN after the suicide of filmmaker Tony Scott . "  Any such communications should be taken with utmost seriousness , and all efforts should be made to keep the person safe and get him or her to appropriate treatment immediately . " Nearly every person affected by a murder-suicide anguishes over what they might have missed to prevent it or get someone help , Campbell said . Joe Linta , Belcher 's agent , had trouble finding words to express his feelings . "  You just ... the how and the why ... is the craziness of this , " he said . "  There was nothing in my relationship with him that would indicate any troubling past , anything that troubled him ... " "  Maybe he knew he had to take his own life after what he had done , " the agent wondered . "  We 'll never know , unfortunately . "	NEW : Woman whose brother committed murder-suicide : "  You are called ` murderer 's family ' " Jovan Belcher showed no signs of a troubled past , his agent says People want answers after the NFL player killed his girlfriend , then himself Statistics are sketchy , but the U.S. has about 1,500 murder-suicides each year , experts say
New York  CNN  -- In the Ultimate Universe of Marvel Comics , Peter Parker -- the original alter ego of Spider-Man -- is dead , and his replacement is a half-African-American , half-Latino teenager named Miles Morales . Wednesday , a new book -- Ultimate Comics Fallout # 4 -- debuts , and the world will get to see the new web-slinging super hero . The book will be a glimpse into the Ultimate Comics universe after Peter Parker , when a new , multi-racial Spider-Man arrives on the scene . "  He swings into action , kicks butt , and when he pulls back his mask , there is another face there , " said Axel Alonso , editor in chief of Marvel Comics . "  When the opportunity arose to create a new Spider-Man , we knew it had to be a character that represents the diversity -- in background and experience -- of the 21st century , " Alonso said . "  We have a president of mixed heritage ; in fact , I 'm of mixed heritage , this is just the world we live in , " he continued . With Spider-Man one of Marvel 's most iconic super heroes , the simple fact that Peter Parker will no longer be the man in the Spider-Man costume will be enough to turn heads , regardless of his ethnic background . "  The key thing is  that  the ` wow ' factor goes without saying , " Alonso said , but he believes Miles Morales will be loveable and recognizable to long-time fans of Spider-Man , as well as relatable to a whole new demographic of readers . "  Miles is on the same journey of self discovery  as Peter Parker  , he 's nerdy , is good at math , and lives with his parents in Brooklyn , " he said . Peter Parker , a white orphan from Queens , died in Ultimate Comics Spider-Man # 160 fighting his arch-enemy , Green Goblin . "  He died a hero , he died fulfilled , " Alonso said . "  He 's really dead too , not come-back-to-life dead , " he added , referring to the occasional propensity in the comic-book genre for reviving supposedly dead characters . Ultimate Comics Fallout # 4 will only be a preview of the new Spider-Man , according to Alonso . He will be the main character of a new series called Ultimate Comics Spider-Man # 1 , which debuts in September , Alonso told CNN . He said this new series will explain how Miles Morales took over for Peter Parker , introduce his family , and let the reader get to know him better as a character . iReport : "  I 'm not feeling a Black/Latino Spider-Man " Spider-Man is one of Marvel 's most recognized heroes around the globe , according to Alonso . He first appeared in Amazing Fantasy # 15 in 1962 , created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Steve Ditko . Since then , Spidey , as he is often called , has appeared in several animated and live-action television shows . Spider-Man comic strips have appeared in syndicated newspaper comic strips and many films for the big screen . Marvel released the first Ultimate Marvel imprint of comic books in 2000 . The Ultimate imprint is an alternate world from Marvel 's regular universe , where Parker is still alive and fighting . "  The Ultimate Universe is known for its aesthetic and its attitude , " Alonso said . "  It is responsible for a lot of comic book innovation . "	A new Spider-Man debuts Wednesday with Ultimate Comics Fallout # 4 Peter Parker , the original alter ego of Spider-Man , "  died " in Marvel Comics ' Ultimate Universe The new Spider-Man is a half-African-American , half-Latino teenager The character "  represents the diversity ... of the 21st century , " the editor says
Rhinebeck , New York  CNN  -- Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton and longtime beau Marc Mezvinsky were wed Saturday "  in a beautiful ceremony at Astor Courts , " a 50-acre estate in Rhinebeck , New York , according to her parents . "  We could not have asked for a more perfect day to celebrate the beginning of their life together , and we are so happy to welcome Marc into our family , " former President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement . "  On behalf of the newlyweds , we want to give special thanks to the people of Rhinebeck for welcoming us and to everyone for their well-wishes on this special day . " The confirmation by the Clintons put to rest a slew of speculation on where and when the nuptials would take place . "  Today , we watched with great pride and overwhelming emotion as Chelsea and Marc wed in a beautiful ceremony at Astor Courts , surrounded by family and their close friends , " the statement said . The interfaith ceremony -- Clinton is Methodist and Mezvinsky is Jewish -- was led by Rabbi James Ponet and the Rev. William Shillady , the family said . The groom wore a tallit , or prayer shawl , and a yarmulke . A friend of the couple read the Leo Marks poem "  The Life That I Have , " according to the family . The bride -- as predicted -- wore a dress designed by Vera Wang , the family said . The strapless dress had a swirling silk organza ball skirt and train , and was accented by an embellished belt . Clinton had been spotted by Women 's Wear Daily outside the designer 's showroom in New York earlier this week , and Wang was spotted in Rhinebeck on Saturday . Hillary Clinton wore a pink gown by Oscar de la Renta , the family said . Jim Valli and his band performed at the reception , and the couple 's good friend , Tim Blane , played at the rehearsal dinner , according to the Clinton family . The reception was catered by The St. Regis , the rehearsal dinner by Blue Ribbon . Hundreds of curious onlookers -- along with hordes of reporters and cameramen -- gathered Saturday at the main intersection of the tiny New York town in hopes of catching a glimpse of celebrities and dignitaries attending the wedding . Well-heeled wedding guests wearing floor-length gowns and tuxedos were seen boarding shuttles to take them to what one event planner billed as "  the wedding of the century . " Storefront windows displayed signs reading "  Congratulations Marc & Chelsea " and similar messages . "  You could make a case that this is the most significant thing to happen in Rhinebeck since Washington 's army drove the British out of Rhinebeck back in the 1700s , " said Jim Langon , editor of the Hudson Valley News newspaper , who was the first to report that the wedding would take place there . Bill and Hillary Clinton were seen arriving at a formal dinner at the Beekman Arms Inn in Rhinebeck on Friday night . Also attending were former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright -- who was spotted lunching in town before the wedding Saturday , presidential adviser Vernon Jordan and numerous young couples presumed to be friends of the bride and groom . Actors Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen -- longtime married friends of the Clinton family -- told CNN that despite the public spectacle of the wedding , "  it 's been a very personal experience for them . " "  There 's been so much love and tenderness around the whole thing , " Steenburgen said . "  That kind of gets obscured a little bit when you 're talking about someone that 's a public person . But on the inside of it I can tell you that it 's been very much like everybody 's wedding -- full of tenderness and memories and laughter . " Some wedding planners had speculated that the cost of the celebration could run to seven or even eight figures , but a longtime Clinton family friend said the cost would be less than $ 1 million . Mezvinsky , a 32-year-old investment banker , is the son of former U.S. Reps. Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky of Pennsylvania and Ed Mezvinsky of Iowa . When Bill Clinton was seen in Rhinebeck earlier this week , someone asked him if his daughter was going to look beautiful on Saturday . "  She looks beautiful every day to me , " the beaming father said . Earlier in July , Hillary Clinton told Polish media that she was enjoying taking part in her daughter 's wedding planning . "  It 's a very happy time for my family , " she said . "  It truly is the most important thing in my life right now . " Steenburgen , who told CNN that she has known the Clintons for 30 years , predicted tears from the former president by the end of the night . "  Knowing my friend Bill ... I can honestly tell you that I 'm sure he 'll be crying his eyes out , " she said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Chelsea Clinton wore a gown by Vera Wang , the family says The ceremony incorporated the couple 's two faiths The wedding took place at the posh Astor Courts , a 50-acre estate
St. Louis  CNN  -- Activist Cornel West was among more than 49 people arrested at the "  Moral Monday " march in Ferguson , Missouri , officials said . A photo from CNN affiliate KMOV-TV in St. Louis showed police in rain gear arresting West , in a black suit , tie and scarf , and others in what appeared to be a parking lot . Shawn McGuire , a spokesman for the St. Louis County Police Department , said 49 people were arrested . Police said West and 42 other people were detained at the Ferguson Police Department protest site for disturbing the peace . The protesters tried to push through a police line , he said . A half-dozen people were arrested at another site for blocking traffic and refusing to clear the street . As expected , demonstrators demanding the arrest of the police officer who killed Michael Brown took part in a "  series of actions " Monday . Protesters also showed up at a fundraiser in Webster Groves for County Executive candidate Steve Stenger . The event was attended by Sen. Claire McCaskill and at least six demonstrators were handcuffed by police . There also appeared to be a handful of arrests at a Ferguson Walmart . On Sunday night , about 2,000 people attended an interfaith rally , where West , who is a professor at New York 's Union Theological Seminary and a noted author , was the featured speaker . Some protesters demanded a chance to speak before West took the stage at St. Louis University 's Chaifetz Arena . "  If you can see a dead black boy lie in the streets for four hours and that does n't make you angry , you lack humanity , " a woman , who did n't give her name , told the crowd . She was referring to how long Brown 's body lay on a street before investigating officers removed it after an August 9 encounter between the 18-year-old and police officer Darren Wilson , who authorities said shot the teenager after he attacked him and tried to take his gun . But witnesses said the unarmed teen had his hands in the air when he was shot . The shooting prompted weeks of protests in Ferguson , which sometimes became violent when demonstrators and police clashed . The latest protests , dubbed a "  Ferguson October " and "  Weekend of Resistance , " are taking place in Ferguson , St. Louis and the surrounding area . Mom , daughter trek 750 miles on $ 100 budget to join ` Weekend of Resistance ' Demonstrators are demanding that Wilson be charged with a crime -- a point that West also made . "  Everybody knows if you shoot somebody down , you should be arrested , " he said . He asked the crowd to channel their rage into a plan of action for change . New wave of protests Before this week , protests had died down considerably . But early Sunday , protesters threw rocks at police and tried to storm a QuikTrip store , according to tweets from St. Louis Metropolitan Police Chief Sam Dotson . In the Shaw neighborhood of St. Louis , protesters have also rallied against the death of Vonderrit Deondre Myers , 18 . Protests erupted there after a white police officer fatally shot the black teenager Wednesday . Authorities said the teenager was armed and fired at the officer , but Myers ' relatives said they do n't believe the police account . Two groups of protesters gathered in Shaw before splitting and reconvening at St. Louis University , according to CNN affiliate KTVI-TV in St. Louis . One group threw a volleyball and jumped rope while chanting , "  This is what a game looks like . We are n't playing games . " The group marched to the QuikTrip , a reminder of the violence that happened in Ferguson , where protesters destroyed such a store in the days after the Brown shooting . Police were at the convenience store , which had been closed as a precaution , the station reported . The crowd prompted Dotson to tweet that demonstrators were trying to "  storm " the gas station , and he warned that "  protesters engaging in illegal behavior will be subject to arrest . " After clerks locked the QuikTrip door , fearing the store could be looted and burned like the one in Ferguson , police in riot gear used pepper spray on sitting protesters surrounding the QuikTrip , CNN affiliate KPLR-TV reported . Police told the protesters to disperse , but they would n't , so officers moved in , clacking their night sticks on their leg shields as they approached , the station said . Dotson tweeted that protesters threw rocks at police . Seventeen people were arrested for unlawful assembly , but no injuries or property damage was reported , KPLR said . ` They attacked people ' Ferguson October , the group that helped organize the protests , took issue with Dotson 's tweets , saying they only made matters worse . "  Today protestors in St. Louis showed the best of our democracy and the St. Louis police demonstrated the worst of their out-of-control law enforcement agency . The police brutalized peaceful people protesting their brutality , " the statement said . "  With batons and chemical agents they attacked people peacefully sitting on the ground and the reporters who were there with them . " At St. Louis University , about 1,000 protesters gathered on campus , using the hashtag #OccupySLU to convince people and businesses to donate supplies or join an all-night sit-in . Early Monday morning , about 80 protesters remained on campus , KMOV reported . "  The goal was to occupy SLU and to kind of wake up the campus . I think there 's a sense in the community that SLU is kinda shut off from what happens outside of SLU . But this latest incident was six blocks from SLU , so it does affect us , " freshman David Gramling told the station . Early Monday morning , about 200 protesters marched from the site where Myers was shot , holding signs that read , "  Black lives matter . " Police with riot gear showed up on a bridge near the St. Louis University campus . The protesters turned on the other side of the street , stayed on the sidewalk and walked past them . The demonstrations were peaceful , and the protesters said they were serious about keeping them that way . On Sunday , Ferguson October was training protesters in nonviolent civil disobedience . "  Nonviolence is really important because you 're not going to change someone 's mind by being violent . And also there is just so much more power in taking a stand and doing it nonviolently , " Jasmin Maurer , who is taking part in the peaceful training , told KPLR . Meanwhile , authorities also took additional steps to prepare for the protests , as police told KMOV that every patrol officer in St. Louis -- city and county -- is working 12-hour shifts and days off have been canceled . City police would not say how many officers were working in the area , but a county police sergeant told the station there were about 200 officers in Ferguson alone . CNN 's Bill Kirkos , Sara Weisfeldt , Steve Almasy and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Total of people arrested increases to 49 , with more handcuffed at events Monday evening Activist and author Cornel West among those arrested Protest organizers : "  The police brutalized peaceful people protesting their brutality " Demonstrators are angry about police killings of Vonderrit Myers and Michael Brown , both 18
CNN  -- Animal print is as classic to fashion as the little black dress . But this spring , the orange-and-black look of leopard is heading to the back of the closet in exchange for cuddly kitten faces . Animals are shaping what we wear , from high-fashion runways to big retail stores to resale shops -- and it has nothing to do with fur , or even zebra print . No , fashion is trying to re-chic the old sweater of a wolf howling at the bright yellow moon or a T-shirt of an iguana going for a snack . The animal illustrations growing popular now are a departure from the sophisticated animal prints that designers used a few years ago . Pets , specifically cats , are the most popular animals within the trend , fashion watchers said . "  Pets are a language of international happiness , " Susan Cernek , Glamour magazine 's fashion development director said . "  You can hop on YouTube and see a cute puppy video and have comments come from all over the world . There is a universal appeal . " Cernek said animal motifs cycled into trendiness about 2006 . The use of animal prints like leopard and zebra took off during the recession , when designers were trying to find a luxe substitute for pricier bejeweled clothing . "  It is the kind of print that scales well , " Cernek said . "  You can have a great print in a $ 30 shoe or in a $ 3,000 dress . " Leah Chernikoff , the editor of Fashionista , an online fashion blog , said the graphics ' transition from tacky to stylish can be attributed to designers like Riccardo Tisci and his Givenchy men 's line , which prominently features Rottweiler prints . Rapper Kayne West donned a Givenchy Rottweiler shirt during a celebrity - and media-studded event . It exposed the public to the rising trend , Chernikoff said . She also points to celebrities like Liv Tyler and lines like Burberry that brought animals like the owl to the center of fashion . Chernikoff said city street fashion culture helped to pioneer animal fashion before it showed up in magazines . "  We were seeing people wearing these cheesy animal sweaters in an ironic way , " Chernikoff said . "  There is something cool about the cheekiness . Hipsters are reclaiming things ... you would buy -LSB- animal prints -RSB- at souvenir shops , but there was this hipster appropriation in fall 2011 . " It 's the nature of the fashion industry , Glamour 's Cernek said -- it 's cyclical and reactive , always looking to rethink what 's out there to create a different effect . "  More fashion-forward designers try to do the opposite , and do something that is more fun , like the cheeky animal prints , " Cernek said . The tongue-in-cheek animal graphics are showing up on runways , and among the work of artists like Kelly Eident . Eident owns an Etsy store , I 'm Your Present , where she sells clothes created with vintage fabrics and repurposed clothes she finds at thrift stores . One of her best-selling items is a form-fitted dress adorned sheer sleeves and a large graphic illustration of animals like wolves or cats . She describes her clothes as fun -- with a sense of humor . "  I think animals are always in style , " she said . "  Everyone loves them . " Everyone -- including designers like Victoria Beckham , who came out with a line that features cat prints on dresses and blouses , and Roberto Cavalli , whose line Just Cavalli features strands of earth-tone feathers and desert sand snake print . "  Fashion went through a phase of being very serious and had a heavy vision , " Cernek said . "  But the best designers epitomize this sense of whimsy and they take leopard print , luxurious and serious , and do something more fun with it . " " That universal appeal has driven the trend from the street to the store . Target spokesman Joshua Carter said this season 's animal fashions are well-received by customers . The store sells a Jason Wu for Target T-shirt featuring a black cat , men 's shirts with large prints of huskies , pugs and beagles , plus items like snake-print skirts , faded leopard skinny jeans and cheetah-print flats . "  We have seen animal print as a growing trend and continue to incorporate it into our apparel and accessories as either a full print or an embellishment on a solid style , " Carter wrote in an e-mail . Target 's success with the trend demonstrates that it is making impressions on mainstream fashion and consumerism . Whimsy is a really important aspect to Berene Campbell when it comes to design and fashion . The Vancouver resident grew up in South Africa , where animals were incorporated in everything from fashion to d  cor . Campbell is now a graphic designer who crafts unconventional fabric patterns for handbags inspired by animals . She created a handbag in the shape of an owl , merging "  geek " appeal with a colorful palette . "  I like things that are fun and whimsical and entertaining , " she said . "  Something that you look at and you go ` Aww , ' something that makes a person turn up the creases on the side of their mouth . " Eva Kischel crafts her clothing by outfitting T-shirt sleeves with minimalist cat face designs . Kischel , who runs the Etsy shop The Petite Chouette , said she gravitates toward the animal trend not because of ironic appeal or Vogue magazine , but because of its eco-friendly appeal . "  I think wearing animal-themed clothes also demonstrates that you are against fur or other animal skin in fashion , which is a good thing , " she said . "  I personally like this trend because it simply makes me happy to ` wear ' my favorite animals without hurting them . " Whatever the reasons , animals cute and fierce have clawed through many layers of fashion because it makes people happy , fashionistas said . "  It is joy and whimsy , " Cernek said . "  Why not have something like that is your clothes ? "	Graphic animal prints are a fashion trend this spring Sophisticated animal prints came into fashion in 2006 , opening the door to other animal motifs Wolves , dogs and cats show up on shirts and dresses on runways and in Etsy stores
CNN  -- Last year , "  Game of Thrones " became a breakout hit for HBO , turning George R.R. Martin 's fantasy novel into an epic show that pleased diehard fans of the book while pulling in a wider audience with ample servings of sex , violence and intrigue to rival "  The Sopranos , " "  Boardwalk Empire " and "  True Blood . " And when season 2 debuts Sunday , viewers can expect more of the same . Lots more . The second book in Martin 's epic series , "  A Song of Ice and Fire , " is called "  A Clash of Kings , " and that , in a nutshell , sets the table for what to expect in the show 's sophomore outing . Show-runners have promised that everything gets ratcheted up in season 2 . Epic battles  largely kept off screen because of cost concerns in season 1  will unfold before our eyes . Even more characters will emerge as players  or pawns  in the so-called War of the Five Kings , and the world will get bigger as key characters travel throughout the kingdom of Westeros and beyond . All of which threatens to get a touch confusing for folks who have n't already delved into Martin 's novels -- a series that has spanned 16 years and five books , with two more promised . So here 's a quick look at where season 1 left off and , with a bit of insight from the novels , some hints at what to expect as the tale continues to unfold . The players Joffrey Baratheon : The nasty brat Joffrey sits on the Iron Throne . A Baratheon in name only , the sniveling teen king represents the hopes of the immensely wealthy Lannister clan , most notably his mother , Cersei . But the little-known fact that he 's actually not late King Robert 's son , instead the inbred offspring of Cersei and brother Jaime , has given hope to his challengers . Robb Stark : After his father , Ned , was beheaded at Joffrey 's command , Robb called his troops and headed south , seeking both revenge and the return of his sisters , Sansa and Arya . Along the way , his followers crowned him King in the North , essentially seceding from the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros . With the counsel of his mother , Catelyn , he 's had great success on the battlefield , taking renowned warrior Jaime Lannister hostage in the process . But he finds himself turned off by the political machinations that come with his new title , not the least of which being the promise of an arranged marriage . Renly Baratheon : Old King Robert 's youngest brother , Renly , is charismatic and a familiar face at King 's Landing , where he was an adviser to his brother . When season 1 ended , he and ... ahem ... special friend Loras , the Knight of Flowers , have fled the capital with hopes of returning to claim the throne . Unfortunately , even if Joffrey is deemed illegitimate , Renly is not technically next in line , that status instead going to ... Stannis Baratheon : Stannis was an offscreen presence throughout season 1 . Ill-suited for the niceties of royal life , Stannis is the polar opposite of Renly in appearance and demeanor . But as Robert 's oldest brother , he has the better claim . As Stannis emerges , he 'll introduce us to one of the story 's most enigmatic characters . Yes , Westeros is roughly equivalent to medieval Europe . But magic exists as well . Daenerys Targaryen : Dany provided the first season 's dramatic conclusion , emerging from what appeared to be deadly flames with three hatchling dragons . She 's the daughter of the "  Mad King " who Robert deposed . But season 2 finds her stranded across the Narrow Sea , and most of deceased husband Khal Drogo 's followers having deserted her . She 's not a player in the current struggle for Westeros . But ... you know ... she 's got dragons . Astute readers may have noted that list only includes four kings -- hardly enough for what 's called the War of the Five Kings . Rest assured ... treachery , backstabbing and old wounds will remedy that soon enough . Meanwhile , back at the Wall While the powers-that-be to the south fight amongst themselves , Jon Snow and his sworn brothers of the Night 's Watch are the only ones aware of the threat from the mysterious White Walkers and increasingly restless wildlings to the north . Having returned to the Wall after nearly abandoning his post to fight beside half-brother Robb , Jon has joined a band of watchmen making the dangerous trip beyond to seek out his lost uncle , Benjen , and try to learn more about the growing threat . Season 2 will open Jon 's eyes to a whole new world and bring changes for Sam , the portly and cowardly brother Jon protected and befriended , as well . Whom to watch In Martin 's world , a relatively minor character can re-emerge as a major player , sometimes long after they 're introduced . Obviously , Stannis will become important as he stakes his royal claim . Also keep an eye on Theon Greyjoy . Ned Stark 's ward at Winterfell only emerged from the background a few times but will become important as the story moves along . New characters also will appear thoughout the season , notably Brienne of Tarth  a warrior woman and arguably one of the tale 's most sympathetic characters  and Melisandre of Asshai  a priestess of far more dubious motivations  . And what of Tyrion ? Fresh off an Emmy Award , Peter Dinklage has become a fan favorite as Tyrion , the dwarf brother of the tall , strong and beautiful Lannister clan . Having survived captivity at the hand of the Starks and then what should have been a suicide battle mission  ordered by his own father , Tywin  , Tyrion will find himself at the heart of the intrigue at King 's Landing . Look for him  man-at-arms Bronn and companion Shae in tow  to play a more central role in the power struggle , even as his love-hate  OK ... usually hate-hate  relationship with sister Cersei and father Tywin continues to simmer .	Second season of "  Game of Thrones " promises more intrigue , bloodshed Multiple contenders vie for the throne as war looms in Westeros Emmy-winner Peter Dinklage 's character , Tyrion , becomes a political player The HBO series is based on George R.R. Martin 's "  A Song of Ice and Fire " novels
CNN  -- Endless stretches of beautiful white beaches , crystal clear water and stunning marine life : the west coast of Australia is an adventurer 's playground . The often uncharted shores of the island continent offer travelers a unique mix of thrills and indulgence . This week the professional sailing world will turn its attention to West Australia 's largest city , Perth , for one of the biggest events on the sport 's calendar . The International Sailing Federation World Championships will be held in the coastal city . Twelve hundred athletes from 79 nations will take part in Perth 2011 , the principle qualifier for the London 2012 Olympics . While those boats hit the water to battle it out for gold , most people prefer to take a more leisurely approach to one of the most rugged and striking coastlines in the world . "  The great thing about this coast is that the nature is still very much in charge , " says John Longley , Perth 2011 event director and former America 's Cup competitor . Despite the region being littered with protected inlets and charming swimming spots , some areas are not for the faint-hearted . "  It 's wild country , " says Longley . "  But the awards for the adventurous are plentiful . " Travelers who dare to explore can feel completely isolated from the rest of the world . It 's a massive area with very few inhabitants . The state of Western Australia averages less than one person per square kilometer  0.4 square miles  . "  You can quite easily find yourself sailing up to a bay and finding no one else around , " says Lonely Planet writer Peter Dragicevich . The Swan River The centerpiece of Perth , the Swan River is a perfect place to take in the city . At over one mile wide in parts and with several bays , finding a spot to drop anchor is not hard . Thanks to a thriving mining industry , Western Australia has flourished despite the current economic climate . Perth has been a big benefactor of the boom and the vibrancy of the city is not lost on visitors . "  Good restaurants in Perth are right up there with anywhere in the world , " says Dragicevich . "  Everywhere people are pretty laidback and very welcoming of travelers . " Fremantle Following the river , just south of Perth is Fremantle . This city is Western Australia 's maritime home . "  If you 're a keen sailing buff , it 's a must see , " says Dragicevich . Located along the water is the striking Western Australian Museum building which has a strong maritime flavor . The museum encompasses the Shipwreck Galleries which claims to be the leading maritime archeology museum in the southern hemisphere . "  WA has a history of shipwrecks and it does make for an interesting visit for the boatie , " says Dragicevich . Voyage to bottom of the sea for Sir Francis Drake 's remains For travelers exploring the area by boat , Longley says Fremantle is the perfect pit stop for maintenance . "  The Fremantle Sailing Club is very well set up to receive cruising yachts . " Not too far west of Fremantle is Rottnest Island with plenty of bays to drop anchor in . With no cars allowed and beautiful inland waters , this island is perfect for a relaxing getaway . Margaret River The Margaret River region in the state 's south west is known for its world-class locally grown food and wine . But the area should n't be dismissed as one just for the wine lovers . Beautiful national parks border beaches with powdery sand and the world famous surf breaks make it ideal for those handy on a surf board . "  Some of the breaks have got names like ` suicide ' , " explains Dragicevich . "  Those ones are not for beginners . " But right on the doorstep of the Margaret River is Geographe Bay with more family-friendly beaches ideal for swimming . Longley says sailors can find a well-established marina in the small city of Bunbury , located in the bay . Cape Naturaliste to Albany The west coast of Australia is known as the "  humpback highway " with tens of thousands of humpback whales passing on their annual migration to and from the Antarctic . There are many opportunities to see marine wildlife in its natural habitat up and down the coast , but one of the best spots to witness it first hand is in the very south-west corner of Australia . However , Longley warns that only the most competent of sailors should tackle this region . "  The western sides of the continent are always the wildest . " He explains there are few offshore reefs in this region , and while there are good windy conditions for sailing , it 's not for the novice . "  Sailing around Cape Naturaliste , you 're starting to get into pretty robust country and your skills need to go up a level , " adds Longley . But if you make it to Albany this is where you 're most likely to spot whales . North of Perth and beyond The West Australian coastline north of Perth seems to stretch forever . Here more than ever sailors can feel completely isolated . North of the main port of Geraldton , Longley believes it 's for only the most capable of mariners to explore . "  For those wanting an adventure , it 's marvelous , " he says . Longley adds that more and more superyachts are heading into these waters to discover the area . Even on land , travelers are struck by the remoteness of the region . "  One of the greatest joys of the West Australian coastline is the interaction you can have with the wildlife , " says Dragicevich . There are opportunities to swim with dolphins right up and down the coast , and snorkeling at Ningaloo Reef is a highlight of the region . Shark attack hot spots identified on West Australian coast Crocodiles can be found in the very north end of the state and there are sharks off many of the beaches . However Dragicevich says that while authorities are stepping up patrols in popular areas , the number of incidents involving humans are rare . "  It 's certainly something to be aware of , " he advises . "  Ask a local , but do n't let it spoil your holiday because the odds are in your favor . "	The ISAF World Championships will be held in Western Australia this month Perth 2011 is the principle qualifier for the London 2012 Olympic Games Western Australia averages less than one person per square kilometer The remoteness and beauty of the coastline makes it a must for travelers
CNN  -- A U.S. warship arrived before dawn Thursday near a 28-foot lifeboat holding four pirates and the kidnapped captain of a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , officials said . The USS Bainbridge , a guided-missile destroyer , is heading to the area to assist . Also nearby was the Maersk Alabama -- which had been seized early Wednesday off the Horn of Africa . All 20 of its remaining crew members were in good physical shape , said Ken Quinn , second officer of the ship , in a satellite call placed by CNN . "  There 's four Somali pirates , and they 've got our captain , " Quinn said . Maersk spokesman Kevin Speers said the guided-missile destroyer USS Bainbridge was near the Maersk Alabama and that its crew was talking to the Navy . "  When the Navy comes in , they 're in charge , " Speers told CNN . The hijackers boarded the Maersk Alabama early Wednesday , when it was about 350 miles off the coast of Somalia , a haven for pirates attacking shipping through the Gulf of Aden . Capt. Richard Phillips was being held in the lifeboat after the pirates reneged on their agreement to exchange him for one of their own , who himself had been captured by the crew members , Quinn said . "  We returned him , but they did n't return the captain , " said Quinn , who added that the crew members were in radio contact with Phillips . Quinn describes the hijacking to CNN " By 8 p.m. , the Bainbridge , part of the allied fleet that patrols the waterway , had reached the Maersk Alabama to assist , a senior Defense Department official said . A Navy plane had reached the area an hour before . B.J. Talley , a spokesman for the Maersk line , said the ship was about 215 nautical miles off the Somali coast at 7 p.m. ET . The 780-foot  237-meter  Maersk Alabama is the first U.S. ship to be seized in the latest wave of piracy off largely lawless Somalia . Joe Murphy , whose son Shane is the ship 's first officer , called the hijacking "  a wake-up call for America . " "  They 're making more money in piracy than the gross national product of Somalia , so it 's not going to go away any time soon until there 's international concern and international law enforcement , " said Murphy , an instructor at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy . The Gulf of Aden , at the southern mouth of the Red Sea , is a key transit point for ships moving into or out of the Suez Canal . In 2008 , Somalia-based pirates attacked more than 100 ships in the gulf or off the Horn of Africa , capturing about 40 of them . The ships and their crews typically are held for ransom . Since 2006 , the United States has had an agreement with Kenya to try captured pirates with American assistance . Tom Fuentes , a former FBI official who worked with Kenyan authorities to prosecute pirates , said a 1988 treaty gives every nation the authority to pursue , capture and try pirates , regardless of the nationality of the victims -- but the United States ca n't tell shipping companies how to deal with hijackings , he said . "  Every shipping company so far has paid the ransom , and every victim has been released unharmed up until this point , " he said . After a lull early this year , attacks surged again in March , with 15 attacks reported to the Malaysia-based International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy . An international task force under U.S. command was set up in January to crack down on the problem , and the European Union , India , China and Russia have ships deployed to the area as well . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Wednesday for more international cooperation during an appearance with Moroccan Foreign Minister Taib Fassi-Fihri . "  I think Morocco was the very first country that recognized us , going back a long time , " Clinton said . "  We worked to end piracy off the coast of Morocco all those years ago , and we are going to work together to end that kind of criminal activity anywhere on the high seas . " Watch Clinton comment on attack " The Maersk Alabama was carrying food aid bound for the Kenyan port of Mombasa when it was seized about 7:30 a.m.  12:30 a.m. ET  , the ship 's owner said . There were 21 American crew members on board at the time . Watch officer 's wife comment on the attack " Quinn said the pirates were armed with AK-47 assault rifles , while the freighter 's crew carried no weapons . The crew -- apparently minus the captain -- locked themselves in the compartment that contains the ship 's steering gear , where they remained for about 12 hours with their captive , whom Quinn said they had tied up . The three other pirates "  got frustrated because they could n't find us , " he said . The pirates had scuttled the small boat they used once they climbed aboard the freighter , Quinn said , so Phillips offered them the Alabama 's 28-foot lifeboat and some money . John Reinhart , CEO and president of Norfolk , Virginia-based Maersk Line Ltd. , said the crew can try to outrun the pirate boats or turn fire hoses on anyone trying to board the ship , "  but we do not carry arms . " The vessel was carrying relief supplies for USAID , the U.N. World Food Program and the Christian charities WorldVision and Catholic Relief Services . The U.N. agency said its portion of the cargo included nearly 4,100 metric tons of corn-soya blend bound for Somalia and Uganda , and another 990 metric tons of vegetable oil for refugees in Kenya . "  There are starving people in Africa who need this food , " Reinhart said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Charley Keyes , Mike Mount , Rachel Streitfeld and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. warship nears boat carrying pirates , U.S. captain held hostage Father of ship 's first officer says attack is "  a wake-up call for America " Maersk Alabama is first U.S. ship seized in latest wave of piracy off Somalia Ship carrying 5,000 metric tons of relief bound for 3 African nations
CNN  -- A human rights group urged Burundi to reverse a law that makes homosexuality illegal , saying it risks worsening the harsh treatment of gays in the eastern Africa nation . In March , people in Burundi demonstrate in favor of a measure banning homosexuality . It became law in April . The new law makes "  sexual relations with persons of the same sex " illegal and punishable by up to two years in prison , Human Rights Watch said in a recently released report . It was enacted just as the gay , lesbian and transgender community had started to mobilize and call for equal treatment , according to the organization . "  The government needs to listen to these voices to understand the harm it is doing to Burundians with its state-sanctioned discrimination , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director for Human Rights Watch . "  The government should rescind this law and instead work to promote equality and understanding . " Before the law , which was passed in April , some gays and lesbians already faced significant discrimination in Burundi , according to the organization . Some had lost their jobs , others were beaten by parents and local youths , and others were evicted , according to the Human Rights Watch report , which cited accounts by the victims . Numerous attempts to reach government officials were unsuccessful . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in the region , including in nearby Kenya and Uganda , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . Most African nations have revised those laws to include consensual sex among gay and lesbian couples and made the punishments tougher , according to Human Rights Watch . "  Half the world 's countries that criminalize homosexual conduct do so because they cling to Victorian morality and colonial laws , " said Scott Long , director of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights program for Human Rights Watch . "  Getting rid of these unjust remnants of the British empire is long overdue . " The role religion plays in Africa has a lot to do with the ban , others say . "  It is wrong from a biblical standpoint , and most African countries are governed based on religious beliefs , " said Olatunde Ogunyemi , a professor in Grambling , Louisiana . "  Christianity and Islam are the dominant religions in the continent , and in some cases , constitutions are based on religion , which justifies making it illegal . " South Africa 's post-apartheid constitution bans discrimination against gays -- the first in Africa to prohibit discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . Homosexuality is also illegal in other countries , including Ghana , Nigeria and Zimbabwe , according to Human Rights Watch .	Human Rights Watch fears new law risks worsening harsh treatment of gays In eastern African nation , jail time for homosexual acts could be up to two years Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in region , including Kenya and Uganda South Africa 's constitution bans discrimination based on sexual orientation
CNN  -- On the second anniversary of the death of former North Korean leader , Kim Jong Il , the nation held a memorial in his honor , lauding his life and achievements . During the ceremony , his son , Kim Jong Un sat front and center below the image of his father , which was festooned in gold-colored flowers . He assumed power after his father 's death in 2011 . The memorial marking the death of the elder Kim brought out what looked like thousands of party members and military personnel , who dressed in black or in green uniforms , into Pyongyang Gymnasium . They clapped in in synchrony , raising their hands above their shoulders . The anniversary came a week after an uncharacteristically public announcement of the execution of Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Thaek that raised speculation about turmoil within the North Korean leadership . Showing allegiance During Tuesday 's ceremony , the remaining top brass , appearing solemn , flanked Kim . All the levels of power and control of North Korea appeared to be there , to show allegiance to Kim and the state , said Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst of the North East Asia region for the International Crisis Group . Anniversary ceremonies pertaining to the North Korea 's founder , Kim Il Sung and his son , Kim Jong Il are common . "  Kim Jong Un is using those dates for ceremonies as opportunities to have people in the leadership extend pledges of allegiance and loyalty to the regime , to the party and Kim Jong Un as a leader , " said Pinkston . "  There was a lot more eyes on it because of the recent purging and execution of Jang Song Thaek . " ` Human bullets and bombs ' In a separate event on Monday , members of the North Korean military -- the Korean People 's Army -- swore to uphold Kim as leader and to defend him unto death at a meeting at Kumsusan Palace , reported the North Korean state news agency , KCNA . The participants "  solemnly pledged to become human bullets and bombs " and to know only Kim , according to KCNA . The execution of Jang last week came as a shock . Jang , who was Kim 's uncle by marriage , had been regarded as the second-most powerful figure in the secretive nation . Denounced as a "  traitor for all ages " and "  worse than a dog , " he was executed for trying to overthrow the state "  by all sorts of intrigues and despicable methods . " His crimes on KCNA included : Behaving arrogantly , unwilling to stand up from his seat and "  half-heartedly clapping . " His widow and the current North Korean leader 's aunt , Kim Kyong-hui did not appear to attend the Tuesday anniversary commemorating the death of her brother . However , she was mentioned in a KCNA report this weekend , suggesting she had survived her husband 's purge . After the ceremony held at the Pyongyang gymnasium , Kim Jong Un later appeared with his wife , Ri Sol Ju as they visited the mausoleum where his father 's body lies . Ri was seen walking by his side . For the rest of the North Korean population , the situation may be tense . Sokeel Park , director of Research and Strategy at Liberty in North Korea , an NGO , said he had heard from defectors secretly communicating with family members inside North Korea that there have been greater restrictions . This is common during anniversaries marking the Kims . "  I 've heard of increased restrictions on movement , and increased restriction on the market , " Park said . "  The general atmosphere is one of lockdown . Combine that with the quite shocking news to North Korea that Jang Song Thaek was looking to overthrow the leadership -- that 's shocking in any society . That contributes to this tense atmosphere among North Korean people . " Signs of instability ? The execution of Jang has unsettled some North Korea observers as well as its neighbors , as they look for signs of instability in the government and possibility of provocation . The South Korean defense ministry said Jang 's death could be a major turning point in North Korea since the founding of its power 68 years ago and there could be a provocation early next year . But the ministry 's spokesman Kim Min-seok said that there is no "  imminent sign of North Korea carrying out nuclear and missile tests . " Park Geun-hye , the South Korean president said on Monday before a meeting with diplomatic and security ministers , that she could not rule out "  reckless provocations " from the north . U.S. Secretary of State , John Kerry called Kim "  reckless " and " insecure " following the execution of his uncle , stating that it makes having a nuclear weapon in the hands of somebody like him "  even more unacceptable . " CNN 's KJ Kwon in Seoul contributed to this report .	Two-year anniversary marked for death of Kim Jong Il North Korea 's top brass attended ceremony Attention to North Korea after execution of Kim Jong Un 's uncle New : More restrictions in North Korea
CNN  -- The World Cup 's most prolific goal scorer has hung up his golden boots . Germany striker Miroslav Klose , who scored a total of 16 goals at four World Cup finals , announced his retirement from international football on Monday . The 36-year-old scored two goals at this summer 's tournament to surpass former Brazil striker Ronaldo 's record of 15 as Germany lifted the trophy for the first time in 24 years . Polish-born Klose scored five goals at the 2002 World Cup in Korea/Japan and five more in Germany four years later -- a feat that earned him the Golden Boot that year . Four more followed in South Africa in 2010 before two goals -- a crucial equalizer in the group game against Ghana and a second in Germany 's 7-1 rout of hosts Brazil in the semifinals -- completed his tally . Klose also has the distinction of being Germany 's all-time top goal scorer with 71 goals from 137 internationals . "  The success of the team stood and always stands for me in the highest place , " Klose said in a statement published on the German national side 's official website . "  With the national team I achieved our greatest goal , a goal which we had together within the squad . "  In addition , I achieved personal goals and those who know me know that I am very ambitious , but I am a striker and the task of a striker is to score goals . "  Therefore the records never concerned me , but it was always about giving my best for the team . " German national coach , Joachim Low heaped praise on the retiring marksman . "  He has given everything for Germany , " Low said in a statement . "  I have the greatest respect for Miroslav 's decision as well as  his  incredible national team career that will be hard to beat ... I am happy and grateful that I was able to work with Miroslav Klose . The striker announced in July that he will play club football for one more season before retiring altogether . Klose , who joined Lazio from Bayern Munich in 2011 , signed a one-year extension to his contract with the Serie A side in May . Read more : U.S. soccer legend Donovan retires	World Cup finals ' most prolific striker calls it a day following Germany 's 2014 triumph Klose scored 16 goals in four World Cup finals and 71 in total for Germany in 137 matches Klose : "  Records never concerned me -- it was always about giving my best for the team . "
Looking slightly wan but smiling , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , left a hospital Thursday morning , three days after being admitted for acute morning sickness . She emerged from the hospital accompanied by her husband , Prince William , and carrying a bouquet of yellow roses , and was driven away by a waiting car . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said : "  The Duchess of Cambridge has been discharged from the King Edward VII Hospital and will now head to Kensington Palace for a period of rest . "  Their Royal Highnesses would like to thank the staff at the hospital for the care and treatment the Duchess has received . " On her way out , Catherine acknowledged the crowd of reporters who have been camped outside the hospital since she was admitted Monday with hyperemesis gravidarum , a condition that involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy . Her hospitalization prompted the early announcement of her pregnancy . Opinion : Pregnancy and privacy In his first public comments since then , Prince Charles , the heir to the British throne , said he was "  thrilled " by the news . "  It 's a very nice thought to become a grandfather in my old age , if I can say so , " he told reporters in London . "  I 'm very glad my daughter-in-law is getting better . Thank goodness ! " He also made a humorous reference to a story that dominated the UK headlines Wednesday , involving two Australian DJs who made a prank call to the hospital in which they impersonated Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles . "  How do you know I 'm not a radio station ? " the prince joked . The hospital said it deeply regretted that the hoax call had been transferred to a ward in the early hours of Tuesday morning and a short conversation was held with one of the nursing staff . The conversation included some general details of the duchess 's condition and care , according to audio posted online by the DJs ' Sydney-based radio station , 2Day FM . 2Day FM apologized Wednesday for a prank it said was "  done with light-hearted intentions . " The duchess is not yet 12 weeks pregnant , Clarence House told CNN on Monday , so the palace is not announcing a due date for the child . Confirmation of the pregnancy followed months of speculation among royalty-watchers . William and Catherine 's child will be next in line to the British throne after William , regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl . Planned changes to the law of succession that end the tradition of a boy taking precedence over an elder sister are already de facto in effect , the British Cabinet Office said . William and Catherine were married at Westminster Abbey on April 29 , 2011 , in London 's biggest royal wedding in three decades . Their baby would be the first grandchild of Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales .	Prince Charles is "  thrilled " by the prospect of becoming a grandfather Catherine is escorted from the hospital by her husband , Britain 's Prince William She will now undertake a period of rest , a palace spokesman said Their child will be next in line to the British throne after William
CNN  -- As Arwa Al-Hujaili begins her legal career , she has not only her own expectations to live up to , but those of a generation : she has just become Saudi Arabia 's first female lawyer . After three years of petitioning the Ministry of Justice , Al-Hujaili , 25 , has finally received her registration to practice as a trainee lawyer , the first woman to do so . "  People tell me I 'm a pioneer and I feel I need to live up to what they expect of me , " says Al-Hujaili . "  There 's a great sense of responsibility . From now on , people will look at everything I do . " Al-Hujaili , who decided on a legal career while preparing for university , graduated from King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah in 2010 and expected to be able to practice as a lawyer immediately . But much to her frustration , she has spent three years in a professional no-man 's land , able to work as "  legal consultant " but not officially recognized as a lawyer . Universities in Saudi Arabia began taking female law students in 2005 and the first graduates completed their studies in 2008 . But the optimism soon wore off when female graduates found themselves unable to gain registration to practice . Many of Al-Hujaili 's classmates , frustrated by the lack of progress in Saudi Arabia , left the country to work abroad . But Al-Hujaili stayed in her hometown of Jeddah and continued to apply for registration . In the meantime , some of her contemporaries began an online campaign to push for change , including a Facebook group called "  I am a lawyer , " a Twitter campaign and YouTube videos from women arguing their right to practice . In October last year , after accepting a petition with 3,000 signatures submitted by a group of female law graduates , King Abdullah announced that women would be allowed to register as lawyers . However , the Ministry of Justice still was n't processing applications from women . "  I kept on following up , but they would n't give me an answer either way , " says Al-Hujaili . A friend and vocal campaigner , Hanouf Al-Hazzaa , then wrote a newspaper article in which she pleaded with King Abdullah to intervene . Al-Hazzaa had been one of Saudi Arabia 's first batch of female law graduates in 2008 , but had gone to the United States to practice after becoming disillusioned with the situation at home . "  I wrote about how depressing the situation was , saying here we were , many of us working for federal courts outside the Kingdom , because we had no future inside it , " says Al-Hazzaa Two days later , the Ministry of Justice announced they would start accepting applications and soon afterwards Al-Hujaili 's application was granted . Now working as a trainee lawyer and due to qualify fully in two years , Al-Hujaili hopes to pursue a career in family law to help other Saudi women . "  Many women really need to talk to female lawyers , and I want to help those women to get their rights , " she says . Al-Hujaili knows the path ahead wo n't always be smooth . "  The social aspect is a very considerable one , for society to accept women lawyers , it 's something new , " she says . "  It will be also challenging for the judiciary system to deal with female lawyers , but I think we can overcome these hardships if we prove ourselves as competent lawyers . " Adam Coogle , a Middle East researcher for Human Rights Watch , agrees that challenges remain for female lawyers . "  Saudi judges have a lot of leeway , and can remove a lawyer from a case , " says Coogle . "  She might face judges rejecting her counsel or not allowing her to speak , particularly if that judge is conservative and does n't want women to speak in court . " Other female lawyers are now following in Al-Hujaili 's footsteps and gaining registration , although exact numbers are unclear . For Al-Hujaili , being able to pursue a legal career at home was well worth the wait . "  Success is a nice feeling , especially when it comes after tribulation , " she says .	Arwa Al-Hujaili has become Saudi Arabia 's first female lawyer Women were able to study law , but could only practice as "  legal consultants " The move came after years of online protests from female law graduates
CNN  -- Police are searching for a teen they say shot and killed someone in a Seattle-area bar where Seahawks players and other celebrities were partying . The shooting occurred early Monday morning just a few hours after the Seattle Seahawks won their way into the NFL playoffs with a victory over the San Francisco 49ers . Several players and other celebrities were among hundreds of people gathered at Munchbar , a popular nightspot in Bellevue , Washington . Another person was wounded in the shooting . No players were injured in the incident , which occurred just after 1 a.m. PT Monday . Bellevue Police said Tuesday they were still searching for 19-year-old Ja ` mari Alexander Alan Jones and had secured an arrest warrant for the teen . Jones is "  a suspect in the murder of a 30-year-old man early this morning at the Munchbar in downtown Bellevue , " Bellevue Police said in a statement . "  Jones is believed to be armed and dangerous . " Jones was one of three teens arrested in 2008 for the beating death of Ed Michael , who is better known by his nickname "  Tuba Man , " CNN affiliate KOMO reported . The teen was sentenced to less than a year in juvenile detention for a first-degree manslaughter charge in the death of the popular musician who played his tuba outside Seattle venues , the affiliate reported . The shooting in the bar Monday sent the large crowd of about 600 people scrambling . Seahawks defensive end Greg Scruggs tweeted "  I 'm OK " and "  Everybody else is good too ! . . Ignorance at its best right there " after the shooting . CNN affiliate KING reported that the players were in a VIP lounge and were escorted to a safe place after the incident . The station also reported that Aubrey O'Day , who has appeared in several TV reality shows , tweeted that everyone in the players ' group hit the floor when the gunfire erupted . In other tweets , she described how she saw a body and how people had to crawl out through the kitchen . "  I saw the guy laying on the floor and blood everywhere ... Wasnt sure of his status , " she said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this story .	Suspect is 19 , police say CNN affiliate KING reports that several NFL players were in the bar at the time Reality star tweets that she saw body on the floor and a lot of blood
A historic deal was struck early Sunday between Iran and six world powers over Tehran 's nuclear program that slows the country 's nuclear development program in exchange for lifting some sanctions while a more formal agreement is worked out . The agreement -- described as an "  initial , six-month " deal -- includes "  substantial limitations that will help prevent Iran from creating a nuclear weapon , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a nationally televised address . The deal , which capped days of marathon talks , addresses Iran 's ability to enrich uranium , what to do about its existing enriched uranium stockpiles , the number and potential of its centrifuges and Tehran 's "  ability to produce weapons-grade plutonium using the Arak reactor , " according to a statement released by the White House . Iran also agreed to provide "  increased transparency and intrusive monitoring of its nuclear program , " it said . There was no immediate reaction from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has consistently asked the West to be wary of any deals with Iran . However , Israeli Intelligence Minister Yubal Steinitz reiterated the Israeli government stance when he said Sunday morning that the last-second amendments put into the agreement are "  far from satisfactory . " "  This agreement is still bad and will make it more difficult than before to achieve an appropriate solution in the future , " he said . Obama warned that if Tehran violates terms of the deal , "  We will turn off the relief and ratchet up the pressure . " You can be sure that President Obama will speak to Prime Minister Netanyahu " on Sunday about the Iran agreement , A senior administration official said Obama will speak with Netanyahu sometime Sunday . "  Ultimately , we understand why Israel is particularly skeptical about Iran , " the official said , adding , "  This is not simply about trusting the Iranian government . There are strict verification measures . " Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif called the deal an opportunity "  to avert an unnecessary crisis . " Zarif said he hopes the nuclear agreement will lead to "  concrete steps " to improve relations between Iran and Western powers . As part of the deal , according to Zarif , Iran retains the right to nuclear technology , including the enriching of uranium under the terms of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons -- which requires it not to create nuclear weapons or enable other countries to obtain them . Iran has agreed to what U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described as "  unprecedented international monitoring " of its nuclear program . "  The first step , let me be clear , does not say that Iran has a right to enrich uranium , " Kerry said , appearing to contradict claims earlier by Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Seyed Abbas Araghchi . Araghchi -- on Twitter feed commonly attributed to him by Iranian media -- said that "  our enrichment program was recognized . " In exchange for Iran 's concessions , sanctions on its oil revenues will be eased . But Kerry said the agreement does not roll back the "  vast majority of the sanctions that are currently in place . " The deal was formally announced by Catherine Ashton , the EU 's foreign policy chief , in Geneva where the foreign ministers representing Iran , the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany were meeting . But closed-door negotiations had been taking place for a while . A senior administration official told CNN that in the months leading up to the Geneva talks , U.S. and Iranian officials held private , previously unknown discussions to generate ideas for the wider P5 +1 negotiations . The official said talks began after Hassan Rouhani was elected Iran 's president , and that as the discussions were occurring , U.S. officials were briefing the P5 +1 partners . The official suggested other partners were meeting with the Iranians and briefing the U.S. about the progress of those discussions . The Iran nuclear deal is a first step requiring actions by both sides , which have "  a strong commitment to negotiate a final comprehensive solution , " Ashton said . According to a statement released by the White House , the deal halts Tehran 's nuclear program , including halting the development at the Arak reactor and requiring all of the uranium enriched to 20 % -- close to weapons-grade -- to be diluted so it can not be converted for military purposes . The Arak heavy water reactor under construction southwest of Tehran had been a sticking point in earlier negotiations . For years , Iran and Western powers have left negotiating tables in disagreement , frustration and at times open animosity . But the diplomatic tone changed with the transfer of power after Iran 's election this year , which saw President Hassan Rouhani replace Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Caustic jabs at the United States and bellicose threats toward Israel were a hallmark of Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy rhetoric . He lambasted the West over the economic sanctions crippling Iran 's economy and at the same time , pushed the advancement of nuclear technology in Iran . Rouhani has struck up a more conciliatory tone and made the lifting sanctions against his country a priority . Despite the sanctions , Iran today has 19,000 centrifuges and is building more advanced ones , according to Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Most world powers believe that Iran could not realistically build a usable bomb in less than a year , Hibbs said .	Iran 's foreign minister says Iran retains the right to nuclear technology But it does not retain the right to enrich uranium , Secretary of State John Kerry says The deal includes substantial limitations to prevent the creation of nuclear weapons , Obama says The deal follows marathon talks that stretched into early Sunday morning
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- As discussions swirled about its origins and impact , the U.S. forest service chief deemed a raging wildfire in southern Arizona as "  the number one priority " for firefighters nationwide . "  The conditions that we 're dealing with here are as bad as we can get , " said Tom Tidwell , head of the U.S. Forest Service , of the combination of high temperatures , low humidity , ample "  fuel " and strong winds . "  It just ca n't get any worse . " Gordon Van Vleet , a spokesman for the Joint Information Center , said that no cause has been determined for the so-called Monument fire , which has spread across the Huachuca Mountains and burned 20,956 acres as of Saturday afternoon . He said authorities likely wo n't state a cause until the blaze is more under control . "  We know where it started and when it started , but  the specific cause  is under investigation , " Tidwell said hours later from southern Arizona . "  When we do have that information , we will share it . " But in a press conference , Arizona Sen. John McCain blamed illegal immigrants for starting unspecified fires in that area . "  There is substantial evidence that some of these fires have been caused by people who have crossed our border illegally , " McCain said . "  The answer to that part of the problem is to get a secure border . The Republican senator said that illegal immigrants set such fires either to send signals , keep warm or distract law enforcement agents . But he did not specify which fires allegedly had been started by illegal immigrants , nor identify his sources or provide details of the "  substantial " evidence he cited . Randy Parraz , a civil rights advocate who ran unsuccessfully against McCain as a Democratic candidate in 2010 , called McCain 's remarks suggesting illegal immigrants caused the fires "  careless and reckless " but not entirely surprising given the political climate in Arizona . "  You have to have some sort of factual basis : John McCain should know better , " said Parraz , a co-founder of Citizens for a Better Arizona , which is working to recall state Sen. Russel Pearce , the primary sponsor of Arizona 's controversial anti-illegal immigration law . "  It 's easier to fan the flames of intolerance , especially in Arizona . " Parraz said it is particularly distressing that immigrants are being blamed for destructive fires , at a time when many are also being targeted given the state 's unemployment , foreclosure and other economic issues . "  People are looking for someone to blame , " he said , claiming it is too easy and convenient to target what he called one of Arizona 's "  most vulnerable populations . " Angelo Falcon , the president of the National Institute for Latino Policy , criticized McCain for what he called "  increasingly blatant " political opportunism . "  The degree of irresponsible political pandering by Sen. McCain has no limits , " Falcon said in an email to CNN . "  With the lack of evidence , he might as well also blame aliens from outer space for the fires . " While a fire at the U.S. Army 's Fort Huachuca is 100 % contained , according to Van Vleet , the Monument fire itself was 27 % contained as of Saturday afternoon -- an improvement over the 15 % figure in the morning , but certainly dangerous given the inordinately dry and windy conditions . "  This has been the number one priority in the country for a couple of days , " Tidwell said . "  That means this will receive resources before anyone else . " Van Vleet noted 764 people , including 23 crews , 54 engines and various aircraft were battling the blaze . The temperature in that area hit 92 degrees Fahrenheit during the day , with humidity low at 12 % -- "  which is pretty bad , " the spokesman said . The Monument fire , just south of Sierra Vista , Arizona , grew dramatically Friday , racing down from canyons and gobbling parched grasslands and brush , not to mention torching at least 40 homes . Garry Foss , who operates Oaks of the Wild West nursery in Hereford , a community just east of the fire , said grasses 2 to 3 feet tall have not seen rain since December , making for a ready fire fuel source . Sierra Vista has had 0.13 inches of rain this year , according to Glenn Lader of the National Weather Service office in Tucson , compared with 2.5 to 3 inches in a normal year . There 's no rain in the forecast . "  I 'm trying to sit it out , " Foss said . "  This grass is so dry . " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has issued emergency declarations for the Monument fire and another blaze , Horseshoe II , making Cochise County eligible for $ 100,000 toward response and recovery expenses . Meanwhile , residents of the eastern Arizona community of Alpine got some good news with the lifting of an evacuation order at 10 a.m. Saturday , according to fire spokesman John Helmich . The community has a population of about 300 , but many more seasonal visitors were forced to leave earlier this month because of the historically large Wallow fire . The Wallow fire , which burned 500,409 acres , was 38 % contained Saturday . "  There have been no surprises , " said Helmich , of the Alpine residents ' return . "  It is ongoing . " Arizona was n't the only state struggling with wildfires this weekend . The National Weather Service had issued red-flag alerts for much of the state , all of New Mexico , and parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas , Colorado and Utah . Such alerts indicate firefighting conditions may prove difficult due to low humidity and wind gusts in excess of 40 miles per hour . "  We are having an extremely dry year all the way across the south , " Tidwell said . The U.S. Forest Service chief said earlier Saturday at the same press conference attended by McCain that he was "  very optimistic " that damage from future wildfires could be minimized by thinning forests and clearing out biomass -- which did occur , to some extent , in parts of eastern Arizona . He noted that 3.2 million acres were "  treated " nationwide last year . He and senators McCain and John Kyl , R-Arizona , noted Saturday that parts of the Wallow fire that had been "  treated " appeared set to survive the blaze , which stretched over 40 miles , while those that had not had been wiped out . "  With the forest restoration work , we can change the intensity of fire behavior , " Tidwell said . "  That 's forest resiliency -- that 's what we want to work on . " Kyl noted that the estimated $ 64.1 million price for the Wallow fire would more than double after the costs of mitigation efforts to prevent mudslides from the summer monsoons . "  Just think that what we could have done using those funds to treat those forests in advance , " Kyl said . But government budget strains have limited the amount of money going to such efforts . McCain said "  the only way we are going to get these  forests  thinned is through greater participation of private enterprise " -- adding the government should try to facilitate such initiatives , including by allowing limited logging in national parks . "  There is simply not enough tax dollars to get the job done without them , " McCain said of private companies . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : A Latino advocate calls McCain 's accusation "  irresponsible political pandering " McCain says a "  secure border " might help to curb such wildfires The U.S. Forest Service chief calls Arizona 's Monument fire "  ca n't get any worse " The cause of this fire , which is 27 % contained , is under investigation , an official says
CNN  -- An old meatpacking plant on Chicago 's South Side is being transformed into an eco farm , which its founders says will produce food sustainably , while creating zero waste . American entrepreneur John Edel is the founder of "  The Plant , " a vertical-farm initiative that he hopes will show people the ease of adapting to green food production in urban living environments . A vertical farm is an urban agriculture concept whereby food is grown in and on top of buildings in city areas . In order for this process to work , urban farmers use a variety of techniques , including hydroponics -- cultivating plants in water -- and aquaponics , which uses by-products from fish farming to assist hydroponic growth . With the world 's population surpassing seven billion people and the rapid pace of urbanization , finding space to grow food is becoming an increasing challenge -- one that Edel and his team of volunteers at The Plant are rising to . Watch : A farm on every roof top In 2010 Edel began repurposing the meatpacking plant and two years on it has opened its doors to both the public , and business opportunities . Edel says of The Plant 's ethos : "  It started out minimal  waste  because that 's how I 've always operated ... Using as little resource as possible to do things . At a certain point I realized if we built an anaerobic digester , we could get our waste down to zero . " The Plant 's anaerobic digester uses bacteria to break down organic waste into biogas -- comprised of methane and carbon dioxide -- and material that can be used as fertilizer . A "  combined heat and power system " will convert the methane into energy , which Edel says will take The Plant completely off grid and allow it to produce large quantities of food with zero waste output . Despite still being under construction The Plant currently has five tenants , including aquaponic farms , a hydroponic farm , bakers , tilapia fish breeders , a mushroom garden and a kombucha tea brewer  a type of tea said to have health benefits  . Their products are sold to local restaurants , cafes and markets , as well as used to produce more food within the farm itself . Read more : Futuristic farm shop grows food in synthetic veg patch Recycling is also a big part of the inner workings of The Plant and tenants work with each other to use their waste output in their food production and farming techniques . For example , the tilapia fish produce ammonia-based waste , which is sent through a biofilter before the nitrates are fed to plants growing in hydroponic beds . The plants absorb the nitrates , cleaning the water , which is then returned to the fish in an example of a "  completed loop cycle . " Edel says : "  The key to this farm is the closing of loops : energy loops ; resource loops ; money loops -- by keeping jobs local . If you can close the loops , you can make things more sustainable . " Supported by $ 1.5 million in grant money from the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity , The Plant operates under a social-enterprise model , with a non-profit side and a for-profit side . It provides tours of the facility for interested members of the public and conduct lectures , outreach programs and demonstrations for the local community to show them how to grow food in various urban environments . Edel hopes to have the farm fully operational by 2014 and says that the facility will create 125 new local jobs .	John Edel is building a zero waste veritcal farm on Chicago 's South Side It has bakers , fish farmer , tea brewer and other farms working with each other to use waste Edel hopes this will show other businesses the ease of adapting to green initiatives
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens . Benjamin LeBaron is buried in Galeana , Mexico , in July . Jose Rodolfo Escajeda , known as El Rikin , was taken into custody Friday in Nuevo Casa Grandes , in Chihuahua state , according to a military statement . Escajeda is an alleged ringleader of a drug-trafficking family that runs a 120-mile smuggling corridor on Mexico 's border with Texas , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration . He has been indicted by the U.S. government , DEA said . U.S. citizens Benjamin LeBaron and his brother-in-law , Luis Widmar , were beaten and shot to death after armed men stormed into their home in the town of Galeana , Mexico . Local media reported in July that a note found on LeBaron indicated the slayings were in retribution for the capture of 25 drug suspects in a nearby town . The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "  Community of LeBaron " in Galeana , a township founded by excommunicated Mormons . LeBaron 's younger brother , Eric , was kidnapped in May and returned unharmed a week later . The incident prompted Banjamin LeBaron to become a nationally recognized anti-crime activist who moved the local community to take a stand .	Man arrested is alleged ringleader of notorious Mexican drug-trafficking family Victims , Benjamin LeBaron and Luis Widmar , were killed at home in Mexico LeBaron had become anti-crime activist after his brother was kidnapped LeBaron brothers belonged to community of excommunicated Mormons in Mexico
CNN  -- Like many people in the media and political world , I first heard from Twitter the news that Mitt Romney had chosen Paul Ryan as his running mate . The information appeared between 11 p.m. and midnight on a Friday night . The alert was quickly confirmed by multiple news sources on my Twitter feed : TV networks , newspapers , wire services . Like many journalists , I stayed up late that night to write about the decision , filing copy over the next three hours . I was so weary the next morning that I very nearly slept through the broadcast of the actual announcement event in Norfolk , Virginia . I did n't , quite . And so it was a little less than 12 hours after the breaking of this important political story that I first switched on my TV . Things move fast in the modern world , so let 's cut straight to the point : Cable TV is no longer the place where news breaks , and has not been so for years . Social media have done to cable TV news what cable news , in its day , did to the afternoon editions of big-city papers : shouldered aside its slower and less adaptable predecessor . In this new world , the distinction between reporters and sources , between media and everybody else , begins to fade away . The correspondent who calls an expert for analysis may find himself on hold while the expert posts her thoughts to her blog for all the world to read . For more than a century , journalists have mediated between knowledge-holders and information consumers . But the Internet is bringing producers and consumers ever more directly into contact , whether the product is steel girders , home mortgages , or breaking news . What cable news does do , unrivaled , is broadcast images of events to a large global audience . When there 's a crowd protesting in Tahrir Square -- or a wildfire raging in southern California -- viewers still turn to cable . Yet how often do such events occur ? And how much longer will even that advantage hold ? In a world of camera phones , everybody becomes a video journalist . Our images of the violence in Syria all come from locals -- and are available to any media organization that will buy or barter for them . So what should cable do in such a news environment ? Three things : 1  Accept that the days of "  the news is the star " are over . Generic news moves too fast for cable . Nobody will tune to a cable news network unless there is a very compelling reason to tune to that specific network at that particular time . There 's only one such reason : "  People like to watch the people they like to watch . " Everything else is just filler . Like it or not , TV is for personality , not only for information . 2  Go upmarket . Cable news is inescapably a niche market . There are 311 million people in the United States . Even at peak hours , 306 million of them are not watching cable news . At nonpeak hours , 309 million of them are not watching cable news . The 2 million - to 5 million-person cable news audience is made up of unusually smart and curious people , and they should be served appropriate content . The people who can be reached by "  dumbing down " TV have already been successfully reached by the Kardashian family . 3  Go deep and long . " ` Time , time , ' said old King Tut , ` is something I ai n't got anything but . ' " That funny little poem by Don Marquis also aptly describes cable news . It 's got acres and acres of time to fill , 52 minutes an hour , 24 hours a day , seven days a week . As it is , cable news treats that time as a problem to be overcome with sound and visual effects intended to create a feeling  almost always false  of immediacy and urgency . Those effects long ago lost their credibility . Meanwhile , every day on YouTube some amateur documentarian shows that video can be used to convey ideas and information in interesting and entertaining ways . See the TED lectures , and the Big Think series , and the contrasting videos produced by Paul Ryan for the House budget committee and Austan Goolsbee for the Obama White House . The website SecondDraft.org uses video to correct deceptive reports from the Middle East . The Academy Award-winning documentary "  Inside Job " effectively used video to unpack the 2008 financial crisis for a general audience . Cable TV relishes the confrontation interview . But the public figures that TV wants to interview usually have the poise and practice to sidestep such confrontations . Longer and less confrontational interviews -- such as those Brian Lamb used to do for C-SPAN -- reveal much more than cable TV 's mostly misfired attempts at gotcha moments . In their business-book classic "  Barbarians at the Gate , " authors Bryan Burrough and John Helyar quote a lament for the Nabisco company . "  Some genius invented the Oreo cookie . We 're just living off the inheritance . " As tough as it is to found a great industry or great company , it is -- in its own way -- even tougher to adapt that industry or company to a new era . It can be done . It has to be done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says he heard about Paul Ryan pick on Twitter , did n't switch on TV for many hours He says cable no longer has corner on breaking news ; social media scooping it more and more He says cable news must face new reality , get more personality-driven , seek upmarket niche Frum : Cable should skip fancy effects , go deep and long in reports , find new relevance
CNN  -- One of Myanmar 's vice presidents has resigned from his post due to health reasons , the government said Wednesday . First Vice President U Tin Aung Myint Oo submitted his resignation July 1 . A statement read in Myanmar 's parliament said the vice president was seeking extended medical treatment in Singapore because his condition is not improving . The government did not say what his illness is . According to the law , a new vice president will be chosen by the 25 % of parliament that is made up of members of the military , because the position is a quota reserved for them . That vote is scheduled for July 10 . The second vice president of Myanmar is Sai Mauk Kham . Myanmar has seen dramatic changes over the past year . In May , Democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi and 33 other newly elected members of her National League for Democracy party took their seats in parliament , a leap in the country 's progress toward democracy . Myanmar 's legislature has 664 seats , more than 80 % of which are still held by lawmakers aligned with the military-backed ruling group , the Union Solidarity and Development Party . The government has also pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , begun negotiations with ethnic rebel groups and embarked on a series of economic reforms . Those steps have been welcomed by the United States , the European Union and other governments , who have responded by easing sanctions against Myanmar , also known as Burma . But international officials have also cautioned that the country still has a long way to go .	Myanmar 's first vice president resigns for health reasons Officials have not said what illness he has Military members of parliament will choose a new vice president
CNN  Duke University officials on Friday cited security concerns as part of the reason for the school 's reversal of its decision to allow a Muslim call to prayer to sound from a campus chapel bell tower . Neither the Durham , North Carolina , school nor the local FBI office , which was made aware of the situation at Duke , would specify details of these concerns , but Michael J. Schoenfeld , the university 's vice president of public affairs , said the number and tone of the calls were "  pretty loud and nasty . " "  We have heard from a lot of people who have a lot of interesting and important opinions and perspectives on this , " Schoenfeld said . In a statement Thursday , the school said plans changed because its effort to "  unify was not having the intended effect . " The Duke Muslim Students Association had planned to chant the call , or adhan , from the Duke Chapel bell tower . The adhan signals the beginning of the weekly prayer service . Jummah prayers have taken place in the basement of Duke Chapel for many years . "  Duke remains committed to fostering an inclusive , tolerant and welcoming campus for all of its students , " Schoenfeld said . "  I think when you do these kind of things you like to think and you hope that it will be seen by others as you see them as enlightened ways to introduce diversity and the celebration of faith tradition , but unfortunately it does n't happen the way you would like it . " Plans for the audible call to prayer have been in the works since fall semester and are not in response to recent criticism of Muslims after the latest terror attacks and arrests , a source with close knowledge of the situation told CNN . The source also said the request did not come from the Muslim community on campus , but rather the university administration . The university 's Imam Abdullah Antepli said his community was disappointed in the school 's reversal . But he had praise for Duke , calling its offerings to the Muslim community "  far more comprehensive than many other universities in the entire U.S. " Schoenfeld said there will continue to be a call to prayer and service as usual . "  The only thing that has changed , " he said , "  is that it will not come from the bell tower of the Duke Chapel as previously announced . " There were no shortage of opinions on both sides after the reversal . Franklin Graham , son of legendary evangelist Billy Graham , applauded the school . Graham had called on donors to withhold support over the plan to allow the adnan , questioning whether evangelical Christians at Duke would be allowed to broadcast their "  message across campus . " Others expressed their disappointment in Duke for the reversal . Omid Safi , head of Islamic studies at Duke University , directed a criticism at Graham . "  Spare me , " Safi 's Facebook post says , "  Spare me the paranoia of a wealthy white male Christian who talks about being marginalized in America . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations , the nation 's largest Muslim civil rights group , called the decision unfortunate , saying the university bowed to intimidation . Members of the Muslim community will now gather on the quadrangle outside the chapel , a site of frequent interfaith programs and activities , before moving to their regular location for prayers . More than 700 of Duke 's 15,000 undergraduate and graduate students identify as Muslim . "  Our Muslim community enriches the university in countless ways , " Schoenfeld said . Antepli added , "  I see as opportunity , opportunity for people of all faiths , backgrounds and customs to come together and to learn from one another and to love each other . " CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	Source tells CNN that the request for the call from the tower had come from Duke 's administration Evangelist Franklin Graham called on donors to withhold support Head of Islamic studies at Duke says he 's disappointed in school 's decision
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Alan Mulally has vaulted to the top of the list of potential contenders to replace outgoing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , but the Ford CEO demurred when asked about the speculation Monday . "  I 'm very , very happy serving at Ford . We have no plans that are different than that . And also we do n't comment on speculation , " said Mulally , who was in the city to launch Ford 's new LPG-powered Transit Connect to compete in the Hong Kong taxi market . Since Ballmer announced in August his plans to retire , Mulally 's name has risen to the top of a list that also includes former Nokia chief Stephen Elop . Microsoft announced a deal last month to purchase Nokia 's mobile phone business . Mulally was poached from Boeing Inc. in Seattle in 2006 to lead America 's second largest car company . He is widely credited with leading a turnaround of the company , which avoided bankruptcy and bailout in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis . Ford 's Mulally tops Microsoft wish list -- report Mulally , 68 , is expected to remain as Ford CEO until the end of 2014 , the company announced last year . Ford 's Hong Kong taxi launch is part of the company 's China strategy , a market which the company has seen climb 51 % in sales in the first three quarters of this year . 8 reasons Mulally is better for Motown than Microsoft "  China is a tremendous growth region , " Mulally told CNN 's Patricia Wu . "  It 's already nearly 20 million units  in total sales  this year -- that 's compared to like 16 million in the United States and 13.5 in Europe . " Ford sold nearly 650,000 units in China from January through September , catching up with Japanese competitors Toyota and Honda . The company still lags behind General Motors and Volkswagen , which had sales of 2.85 million and 2.35 million , respectively , in the first three quarters of this year .	Alan Mulally : Would n't comment on reports he is a top contender as Microsoft CEO Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced in August he would soon retire Mulally , a former top Boeing executive , is credited with turning around Ford
CNN  -- In his first executive order as Illinois governor , Pat Quinn established Friday the Illinois Reform Commission as an official state body under the governor 's office . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn wants a review of state government practices completed in 100 days . "  I think we are sending a message to the people of Illinois that we understand that integrity is No. 1 when it comes to the government of the Land of Lincoln , " he said of his executive order . Quinn had set up the commission earlier this year when he was lieutenant governor under Rod Blagojevich , whom lawmakers impeached earlier this month and removed from office Thursday . His executive order "  formally establishes the Illinois Reform Commission under the auspices of the governor 's office , " he said at a news conference . The commission , led by former U.S. Attorney Patrick Collins , is an independent body that aims to evaluate existing Illinois law and practices in government , according to its Web site . It says it will release an initial report outlining its findings and recommendations in about 100 days . Quinn said there is "  an integrity crisis " in Illinois . "  We 're going to start to fumigate state government from top to bottom to make sure that it has no corruption , " he said . The Illinois Senate on Thursday voted unanimously to remove impeached Blagojevich from office . A second vote , to prevent him from holding future state office , also passed unanimously . Watch reaction to Blagojevich ouster " Blagojevich said he was sad and disappointed by the Senate 's decision but not surprised . He was arrested on federal corruption charges in December . Federal authorities allege , among other things , that he was trying to sell or trade the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . After the governor 's arrest , the state House voted overwhelmingly to impeach him .	Gov. Pat Quinn wants "  integrity " restored to state government Reform commission will report to Quinn 's office Quinn took over as Illinois governor Thursday when Rod Blagojevich ousted
CNN  -- Three men were killed and two others wounded early Christmas morning in a shooting outside a New Jersey bar , according to the Essex County prosecutor 's office . The son of the owner of Slick 's Go Go Bar in Irvington -- identified as Pierre Clervoyant , 34 , a resident of Elizabeth , New Jersey -- and nightclub employee Woodley Daniel , 32 , of Irvington , died after the shooting , authorities said . The identity of the third victim , who authorities said appeared to be an unintended target , was not released . " It appears the gunman was trying to enter the bar armed and was stopped by the bouncer , " said Anthony Ambrose of the Essex County prosecutor 's office in a statement . Two other men -- a 27-year-old from Irvington and a 34-year-old from East Orange , New Jersey -- were shot and wounded . Their identities and condition were not released . All five men were transported to University Hospital in Newark shortly after 1 a.m. , where Clervoyant , Daniel and the third man were pronounced dead . The motive for the shootings was being investigated , but preliminary information indicated there was an altercation outside the bar . The Essex County Sheriff 's Crimestoppers program is offering a reward of up to $ 10,000 to anyone with information leading to the suspect 's arrest and conviction . Man known for elaborate Christmas display found dead in his home	Early morning shootings appear to stem from altercation between bouncer and gunman Two of the dead are the New Jersey bar owner 's son and a club employee Identity of the third person killed not released ; police say he was apparently an unintended target Reward offered for information leading to suspect 's arrest and conviction
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge declared a mistrial Thursday after jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked in the murder trial of a teenager accused of gunning down a gay classmate in their Southern California classroom . Ventura County Superior Court confirmed the ruling in the eight-week trial of Brandon McInerney , who was 14 at the time of the shooting in 2008 . The nine-woman , three-man jury panel said its last vote resulted in seven in favor of finding the defendant guilty of voluntary manslaughter , CNN affiliates reported . McInerney was tried as an adult on charges of first-degree murder , use of a handgun and a hate crime . McInerney , now 17 , allegedly shot 15-year-old Lawrence King , an eighth grader at E.O. Green Junior High School in Oxnard , twice while both were typing papers in a computer lab for their English class , authorities said . King , an openly gay teenager , was seated in the middle of the classroom with two dozen students and their teacher when McInerney allegedly shot him in the back of the head , authorities said . Friends said King was proud of being openly gay . He liked wearing jewelry and makeup to school , and he often wore high-heeled boots with the school uniform . He asked his teachers to call him Leticia instead of Larry . Some students bullied him , pupils said . The prosecution alleged McInerney had planned to shoot King over unwanted sexual advances , and said that McInerney had white-supremacist leanings , according to affiliate KABC . The defense contended McInerney had a violent upbringing . It also argued that King taunted and flirted with McInerney , ultimately sparking the fatal confrontation , KTLA reported . The trial was held in Chatsworth , in neighboring Los Angeles County , because the defendant successfully sought a change of venue in the high-profile case , said Ventura County Chief Deputy District Attorney Mike Frawley . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Lawrence King , 15 , was shot in the back of the head in English class in 2008 King was an openly gay eighth grader Classmate Brandon McInerney , now 17 , was tried as an adult
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Defense Department accidentally shipped ballistic missile components to Taiwan , the Pentagon said Tuesday . A U.S. Defense Department image shows the missile components it says were accidentally shipped to Taiwan . Four nose-cone fuses for intercontinental ballistic missiles were shipped instead of the helicopter batteries that Taiwan had requested , Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne said . The fuses were shipped to Taiwan in fall 2006 and kept in a warehouse there . The Taiwanese military informed the United States last week about their presence on the island . "  There are no nuclear or fissile materials associated with these items , " Wynne said . "  The United States is making all appropriate notifications in the spirit of candor and openness in an effort to avoid any misunderstanding . " Watch Wynne describe the fuses " An investigation is under way , he added . Watch how missile parts ended up in Taiwan " Ryan Henry , principal deputy undersecretary of defense for policy , said , "  In an organization as large as DOD , the largest and most complex in the world , there will be mistakes . But they can not be tolerated in the arena in strategic systems , whether they are nuclear or only associated equipment , as was in this case . " Henry said the parts were 1960s technology , designed for use with Minuteman ballistic missiles . Officials said China , which considers Taiwan to be a renegade province , has been notified about the mistake . The Chinese government did not immediately issue a response to the news . Wynne said the missile components were first shipped from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming to Hill Air Force Base in Utah in 2005 . On arrival at Hill , they should have been placed in the classified storage section , Wynne said , but instead were moved to a storage area for unclassified items . He said stocks at the Utah base should be checked quarterly and a key part of the investigation will be determining how those checks did not turn up the missile parts before they were shipped to Taiwan . It is the second nuclear-related mistake involving the Air Force in less than a year . In August , a B-52 bomber mistakenly carried six nuclear warheads from North Dakota to Louisiana . A six-week investigation uncovered a "  lackadaisical " attention to detail in day-to-day operations at the air bases involved . The Air Force said it relieved four officers , including three colonels , and other personnel lost their certification to handle sensitive weaponry . E-mail to a friend	Ballistic missile components sent to Taiwan , Pentagon says Taiwan had requested radio batteries U.S. military has retrieved missile parts from Taiwan ; probe is under way U.S. notifies China , which considers Taiwan to be a renegade province
Washington  CNN  -- There are political upstarts , rebels with and without a cause , and then there 's Ted Cruz . The first-term Republican senator from Texas has achieved the rare notoriety of having almost everyone in Washington mad at him , at least for now . His legislative maneuverings led to last year 's 16-day government shutdown , and he almost single-handedly scuttled this week 's congressional approval of a year-long debt ceiling extension that denies fiscal conservatives a key negotiating tool until after the November elections . Democrats dislike Cruz for his right-wing social and economic policies such as vehement opposition to gay marriage and President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms . Cruz 's Republican colleagues , especially those in the Senate , are angry because he forces them to choose between conservative purity and political pragmatism , a particularly tough spot in an election year . To Cruz , a tea-party favorite who arrived in Washington just over a year ago , it 's all about telling the truth -- as he sees it . Election-year logic explains GOP dysfunction Cruz : Politicians are lying to the people Washington politicians -- including fellow Republicans -- do n't want to be honest with America about their unwillingness to tackle tough issues like the rising federal debt , Cruz said Thursday in an interview with conservative talk radio host Mark Levin . "  People do n't like to be lied to , " he said to explain historically low approval ratings for Congress , adding that forcing Republican politicians to tell the truth "  makes their head explode . " Others , including fellow legislators , say Cruz puts his personal agenda of galvanizing a right-wing political movement ahead of what 's best for his party as a whole as it tries to reclaim control of the Senate and retain its House majority in November . Kevin Madden , a GOP strategist and CNN political commentator , said Cruz 's tactics seek to position him as a conservative champion on social issues as well as economic issues . Madden cited a new proposal by Cruz intended to strip the federal government 's power to legalize gay marriage by shifting that issue to state control . "  Social conservatives are looking for a voice inside the legislative process on  the gay marriage  debate and Ted Cruz is now stepping up , " Madden said . "  And I think Ted Cruz sees this as an opportunity to become a social conservative champion because I think he has put together a pretty strong profile as an economic conservative champion in other debates . " However , such right-wing positions increasingly differ from the American mainstream , which can make Cruz a liability for the Republican Party , according to Madden . "  If he 's positioning himself as the face of the party , and he 's moving against public tide and public sentiment , it makes Republicans look once again like they are out of step with the American people , " Madden said , adding : "  That 's what 's happening to Ted Cruz . " Panel : Cruz creating headaches for McConnell , GOP New kid on the block In less than 14 months , Cruz has quarreled publicly with Democratic senators , staged a 21-hour filibuster against the health reforms known as Obamacare -- at one point reading the Dr. Seuss classic "  Green Eggs and Ham " -- and enraged GOP leaders by pushing strategies that backfired on the party . Last October , Cruz 's insistence on linking provisions dismantling Obamacare to needed government spending authority caused the government shutdown . It ended with Republicans getting nothing but blame for what most Americans considered a needless political crisis . Wary of a similar debacle , Republican leaders shifted from a two-year strategy of wringing concessions out of the need to raise the federal borrowing limit . After previously saying they would target the debt ceiling deadline in late February for more deficit-reduction demands , they decided against creating another example of Washington gridlock and dysfunction . This week , House Republicans failed to agree on attaching various provisions sought by conservatives to a debt-ceiling plan that allows the government to borrow what it needs through March of 2015 . House Speaker John Boehner , a past proponent of forcing concessions over the issue , gave up and pushed through a "  clean " proposal that passed with support from 199 Democrats and only 28 Republicans . GOP leaders in Senate then sought a politically expedient strategy for the measure disliked by the party 's conservative base . They urged their caucus to let it come up without objection so Republicans could simply vote "  no " while Democrats passed it . Filibuster politics Cruz had other ideas . He tried to filibuster the measure , which forced a 60-vote majority in order for it to proceed . That meant at least five Republicans had to join the 55-seat Democratic caucus to prevent a showdown that could roil financial markets over the possibility of a U.S. default in coming weeks . With the vote held open for far longer than usual , Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and top deputy John Cornyn of Texas eventually provided the final two Republicans votes needed to overcome the Cruz filibuster bid . Other GOP senators then changed their votes to provide political cover for McConnell and Cornyn , and all 12 Republican senators who helped Democrats stave off the filibuster then opposed the debt ceiling plan on the final vote . Needing only a simple majority for final approval , it passed with purely Democratic support . Cruz railed against that kind of politicking in the interview Thursday with Levin , accusing fellow Republicans of being dishonest . "  The single thing that Republican politicians hate and fear the most ... is when they 're forced to tell the truth . It makes their head explode , " he said , calling the debt-ceiling vote "  the perfect example . " His GOP colleagues , which he called establishment Republicans , wanted "  a perfect show vote " in which they opposed the debt ceiling plan without being held accountable for enabling Democrats to pass it by helping them overcome the filibuster bid , Cruz said . "  They wanted to be able to tell what they view as their foolish gullible constituents back home they did n't do it , and they 're mad because by  my  refusing to consent to that , they had to come out in the open and admit to that , " he said . Harsh criticism It was unusually harsh and direct criticism of party colleagues , the opposite of the political mantra often cited by GOP icon Ronald Reagan that "  thou shalt not speak ill of another Republican . " Republican anger at Cruz for the debt-ceiling maneuver had been obvious but muted . Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said his colleagues thought "  this was n't a good strategy in light of the fact that the House showed it did n't have the ability to pass a debt ceiling with Republican votes . " Graham and other veteran GOP legislators , including McConnell and Cornyn , face primary challengers from the right this year , and the debt-ceiling vote provided ammunition for opponents to attack their conservative credentials . For Cruz , bucking what he calls the Washington establishment , including Republicans , is all that matters . "  If we wait on the entrenched politicians in Washington to make the case to stand up , hell will freeze over before that happens , " he told Levin . "  This is nothing new . That 's true of entrenched power . It 's always been true of Washington . " About his GOP detractors , Cruz said that "  every one of those senators who 's angry , when they go back home , they tell their constituents they 're doing everything they can to stop  the rising debt ceiling  , but they do n't actually want to do what they 're saying . " Such a public rift with his party can hurt Republicans and Cruz , said Marc Lamont Hill , a CNN political commentator who hosts "  Huff Post Live . " "  Ted Cruz seems to be uncontrollable by the Republican Party , " Hill noted , adding that polls show Cruz "  moving in the wrong direction " among potential GOP presidential contenders in 2016 . "  People are dissatisfied with folk like Ted Cruz , who do n't seem viable anymore because they 're not willing to play ball . " Madden , the GOP strategist , conceded that with Cruz 's ability to "  drive a lot of headlines and get a lot of attention , " Republican leaders will continue to see him "  as a challenge . " CNN 's Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	GOP Sen. Ted Cruz seeks to galvanize a conservative political movement Critics say the freshman from Texas puts his personal agenda over party benefit Cruz : Forcing GOP politicians to tell the truth "  makes their head explode " GOP strategist : Cruz seeks to become the party leader on social and fiscal issues
CNN  -- An Arizona jury on Monday convicted anti-illegal immigration activist Shawna Forde of murder in the killing of a Latino man and his 9-year-old daughter during a 2009 vigilante raid she led on their home . The Pima County jury convicted Forde on eight counts , including two counts of murder for the shooting deaths of Raul Flores and his daughter , Brisenia , and the attempted murder of the child 's mother , Gina Gonzales , at the family 's rural Arivaca home on May 30 , 2009 . The child and her father were American-born U.S. citizens . The jury also convicted Forde on two counts of aggravated assault , and one count each of burglary , armed robbery and aggravated robbery . The jury is scheduled to return Tuesday for the penalty phase of the trial . Forde 's alleged accomplices , Albert Robert Gaxiola and Jason Eugene Bush , are scheduled to go on trial later this year . During the trial , prosecutors portrayed Forde as the ringleader of the hit squad , and said she had planned the raid and the murders to steal weapons , money and drugs to finance a new anti-illegal immigration outfit . The trio picked the Flores home , prosecutors said , because of a claim made by Gaxiola they would find drugs there . While Flores had a history of drug-related offenses , none were found in the house . Posing as border patrol and law enforcement officers , Forde , Gaxiola and Bush , whom prosecutors identified as the gunman , showed up at the Flores home after midnight , several hours after the family had returned from a shopping trip in Tucson to buy shoes for their daughter for summer camp . Brisenia Flores was sleeping on the couch with her puppy when the killers demanded to be let into the home . They accused Flores of harboring illegal aliens and said the house was surrounded by agents . Once inside , the gunman shot Flores in the chest and Gonzales in the leg . Later Brisenia was shot as she pleaded for her life . Jewelry taken from the Flores home was later found in Forde 's possession . Text messages discovered on her phone also implicated her in the crime . Forde once belonged to the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps before she was removed for what former fellow members described as unstable behavior , according to news reports . Forde then formed a splinter group , Minutemen American Defense . She led protests against illegal immigration and patrolled the Arizona-Mexico border armed with weapons . Bush was the group 's national director of operations , according to reports .	Anti-illegal immigration vigilante Shawna Forde is convicted of murder Forde is found guilty of killing a Latino man and his 9-year-old daughter Forde 's two accomplices are to be tried later this year
Rolling Stone  -- You probably could 've guessed it was a Beach Boys show just by the shirts the men in the audience wore : Collared , short-sleeved and oversized , with palm trees , hibiscus flowers and nautical gear printed all over them . At the back of the stage , surfboards were lined up like Grecian columns on either side of a huge video screen . It was n't until midway through the band 's second set that Mike Love acknowledged what half the people in the audience must 've been thinking : "  It 's , uh , been a little while since we 've all been on tour together . " This year , the Beach Boys turn 50 . Until the Grammys this past February , Brian Wilson , the band 's troubled heart , had n't been on stage with the rest of them since 1996 . The tour kickoff last night at the Anselmo Valencia Amphitheater in Tucson was , in that sense , a milestone : not only a marker of their anniversary , but of a public reconciliation between Wilson and the band 's other surviving original members : Al Jardine , Bruce Johnson , David Marks and Wilson 's cousin , Mike Love . It 's not until a band like the Beach Boys runs through their hits back-to-back in rapid succession that you realize just how many hits they 've had . Over the course of nearly two and a half hours , they played an astonishing 42 songs , many of them medley-style , with nearly no banter in between . Amid the most familiar stuff -- "  California Girls , " "  Surfin ' Safari , " "  Good Vibrations " -- were a healthy number of deep cuts and covers , including "  Why Do Fools Fall in Love " and Phil Spector 's "  Then He Kissed Me , " which Jardine probably wisely rephrased as "  Then I Kissed Her . " There were also two uncanny video appearances by Carl and Dennis Wilson , both of whom died years ago .  Dennis "  sang " "  Forever , " while Carl took on "  God Only Knows , " a song Brian wrote for him on 1966 's Pet Sounds .  And about halfway through the second set , something new showed up : A reflective midtempo ballad called "  That 's Why God Made the Radio " -- a moment that , like so much of the band 's best music , elevated the adolescent to the divine . Onstage , Mike Love was a low-key kind of showboat , stepping back and forth with the beat , miming the revving of a motorcycle engine on "  Little Honda " and hugging his elbows when he sang "  and the northern girls with the way they kiss , they keep their boyfriends warm at night " on "  California Girls . " Brian seemed placid and stone-faced , sitting at the bench of a large white grand piano . "  Ladies and gentlemen , Brian Wilson , " Al Jardine said after "  This Whole World , " at which point the crowd rose to their feet in reverence as he sat , blinking . In a sense , Love and Wilson have always been spiritual opposites : Brian wanted to escape to the solace of his bed on "  In My Room " ; Mike wanted to escape to the solace of tropical beaches on "  Kokomo . " They are as strange a pair as they 've ever been , but it 's their balance -- between Brian 's quiet yearning and Mike 's inability to have anything short of a good time -- that creates the band 's strange chemistry . And while this was in some ways a show about Brian Wilson , the Beach Boys are a highly professional enterprise that depend on highly professional people . At any given time there were between six and fifteen hands on stage , including multitaskers on various saxophones and someone to pick up the French horn on "  God Only Knows , " the harmonica on "  Heroes and Villains " and the theremin for "  Good Vibrations . " Oh , and do that singing thing they do , too . Considering it was the first night of a semi-momentous reunion tour , there was n't a whole lot of sentimentality going back and forth , which is n't to say the band did n't care about each other , only that they probably cared about the audience more . There were moments , though , between the childhood photographs of the band flashing on the big screen and the brief congratulations they gave each other between songs , that the weight of their history together was felt . At the end of "  When I Grow Up  To Be a Man  , " Al Jardine looked at the floor , shook his head and laughed . In the 50 years between then and now , they 'd grown up . Throughout the night , a security guard patiently collected beach balls that had traveled through the crowd , stockpiling them behind a large speaker at stage right . By the end of the second set , the pile had reached halfway up the speakers to the jumbo screen , where Brian 's white grand piano lingered on the screen for a second , then disappeared . During the encore he batted them back into the crowd , one by one . Setlist "  Do It Again " "  Catch A Wave " "  Do n't Back Down " "  Surfin ' Safari " "  Surfer Girl " "  The Little Girl I Once Knew " "  Wendy " "  Then He Kissed Me "  Phil Spector/The Crystals "  This Whole World " "  Why Do Fools Fall in Love "  Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers "  When I Grow Up  To Be a Man  " "  You 're So Good to Me " "  In Them Old Cottonfields Back Home " "  Be True to Your School " "  Disney Girls " "  Please Let Me Wonder " "  Do n't Worry Baby " "  Little Honda " "  Little Deuce Coupe " "  409 " "  Shut Down " "  I Get Around " "  Sloop John B " "  Would n't It Be Nice " "  Forever " "  Sail On Sailor " "  Heroes and Villains " "  In My Room " "  All This Is That " "  God Only Knows " "  That 's Why God Made the Radio " "  California Dreaming "  The Mamas and the Papas "  California Girls " "  Dance Dance Dance " "  All Summer Long " "  Help Me Rhonda " "  Rock and Roll Music "  Chuck Berry "  Barbara Ann " "  Surfin ' U.S.A. " Encore : "  Kokomo " "  Good Vibrations " "  Fun Fun Fun " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	The Beach Boys kicked off their 50th anniversary tour in Tucson It was a public reconciliation between Brian Wilson and the band 's other members Over the course of nearly two and a half hours , they played an astonishing 42 songs
Embattled Republican Sen. Pat Roberts is enlisting high-profile GOP leaders to help his re-election chances , including former Senate majority leader and fellow Kansan Robert Dole . The 91-year-old Dole campaigned Monday night in Dodge City with Roberts . That is the town Roberts listed as his residence , but the house is owned by two supporters . Dole , who will also appear alongside Roberts on Tuesday , last week taped a TV ad touting the three-term senator and has offered advice behind the scenes . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who is considering running for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination , will attend a fundraiser and public event for Roberts next Monday . He is stepping up his efforts on behalf of Republican candidates , hosting a Florida fundraiser Tuesday for several GOP Senate candidates . "  Sens. Bob Dole , John McCain , Rand Paul and Congressman Paul Ryan are all confirmed to campaign in Kansas as well . The Republican Party is uniting around Pat Roberts because he is the only candidate in this race who will ensure Harry Reid is no longer in control of the Senate , " the campaign said . The Kansas race has become competitive . Democrat Chad Taylor dropped out , leaving independent Greg Orman , a businessman , as Roberts ' sole opponent . The Senate race in Kansas just got more interesting	Bob Dole , other GOP heavyweights back Kansas senator Dole campaigns for Roberts in Dodge City Jeb Bush will attend fundraiser next week
ANKARA , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey excluded Israel from a planned NATO military exercise , partly because of Ankara 's criticism of Israel 's Gaza offensive nearly a year ago , Turkey 's foreign minister told CNN Sunday in an exclusive interview . Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says , "  We hope that the situation in Gaza will be improved . " The Turkish government decided to change the list of participating countries and exclude Israel , according to the Israel Defense Forces . As a result , the NATO exercise was effectively scrapped , although a U.S. embassy representative said it was only postponed . Asked why Turkey excluded Israel from the exercise , Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said , "  We hope that the situation in Gaza will be improved , that the situation will be back to the diplomatic track . And that will create a new atmosphere in Turkish-Israeli relations as well . But in the existing situation , of course , we are criticizing this approach , -LSB- the -RSB- Israeli approach . " Earlier , the Turkish foreign ministry said "  a technical matter , " not politics , prompted the delay of the Anatolian Eagle exercise . Instead of the NATO exercise , Davutoglu said Turkey would be conducting "  a national military exercise now after consultations with all the parties involved . " The United States and Italy -- which , along with Turkey , are members of NATO -- were scheduled to take part in the exercise . Both countries withdrew their participation from the drill after learning Israel had been excluded , according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , citing foreign ministry sources . A spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Ankara would say only that the United States and its allies postponed the exercise "  in hopes of re-scheduling it . " "  We look at this as a postponement , not a cancellation , " said embassy spokeswoman Deborah Guido . Turkey is Israel 's Muslim ally in the Middle East , and the two nations have enjoyed close military and economic relations over the last decade . But tensions have emerged over strong Turkish criticism of the Gaza offensive in December and January . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan stormed out of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , in January after accusing Israeli President Shimon Peres of killing children during the six-week war . The Anatolian Eagle exercise is held every few years to boost international aerial cooperation . It was to run from October 12-23 . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Israel excluded from Anatolian Eagle military exercise United States and Italy withdraw from exercise U.S. says it is postponed Turkey has criticized Israel over Gaza actions that began in December '08 NATO exercise held every few years to boost international aerial cooperation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A north Georgia pastor was shot to death by police when he struck an officer with his car after he was seen in a vehicle with a drug suspect , authorities told CNN . Authorities say they found nothing illegal in Jonathan Ayers ' car after he was slain during a drug sting . Jonathan Ayers , pastor at Shoal Creek Baptist Church in Lavonia , Georgia , died after the incident Tuesday afternoon in the nearby town of Toccoa , Georgia , police said . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation  GBI  is looking into the shooting . An undercover drug task force team had set up an operation at a local business , and had a woman under surveillance -- someone they had bought drugs from on two previous occasions , GBI spokesman John Bankhead told CNN Thursday . The officers saw the woman in a car with Ayers and saw what they believed was a drug transaction , Bankhead said . They followed the car as Ayers dropped the woman off at a gas station . The undercover officers wanted to question Ayers about what they had just seen , he said . "  They approached the vehicle . They were in plain clothes . They identified themselves as police officers , which civilian witnesses say happened . They also had badges around their necks . " Ayers put the car in reverse and backed up , striking an officer , Bankhead said . According to Bankhead , Ayers then put the car into drive , and another officer fired into the car , hitting Ayers , because he thought his life was in danger . "  The subject kept going and drove off , " Bankhead said . "  And later he ran off the road . He was taken a local hospital , went into surgery and died an hour later . " The incident was caught on the gas station 's surveillance camera . Watch surveillance video of Ayers ' car hitting officer " Police later determined what they had seen was not a drug transaction , but "  other circumstances were involved , and that 's part of the investigation , " Bankhead said . The woman who was in the car with Ayers was taken into custody and faces drug charges , Bankhead said . Stephens County sheriff Randy Shirley has placed both officers involved in the incident on paid administrative leave , he said . The officer that was struck by the car was treated and released at a local hospital . No drugs and nothing else illegal was found in Ayers ' car , Bankhead said , "  even though what occurred would make any undercover officer working drugs think that was a possibility . I ca n't get into that , but that 's what we 're looking at . " Shirley told CNN the drug task force unit comprises three Georgia counties -- Stephens , Habersham and Rabun . Ayers ' sister did not return a call from CNN Thursday . Ayers maintained a blog , in which he wrote that he had three loves in life : "  Jesus Christ , my wife Abby , and the Church . " Toccoa is about 95 miles northeast of Atlanta . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Authorities say Jonathan Ayers was in car with drug suspect When police approached car , they claim Ayers struck officer with vehicle Another officer shot Ayers ; both officers placed on paid administrative leave Nothing illegal found in Ayers ' vehicle , authorities say
CNN  In the climactic final battle in the 1986 movie "  Top Gun , " an officer tells Stinger , the battle commander , that the aircraft carrier 's catapults are broken and it 's unable to launch planes . Stinger asks how long a fix will take . "  It 'll take 10 minutes , " the officer replies . "  Bull -- 10 minutes ! This thing will be over in two minutes ! Get on it ! " Stinger says . Fast-forward to 2015 , and the fate of the carrier in "  Top Gun " is in similar peril . The USS Ranger , decommissioned by the Navy in 1993 , is scheduled to be towed from storage in Bremerton , Washington , to a wrecking yard in Texas in about a month . Coming in with a bid to save it is Top Gun Super Carrier of Long Beach , which hopes to stop the carrier 's final journey in the California port city , with hopes to turn it into a tourist and business destination . "  Right now , we just want a stay of execution , " Michael B. Shanahan , project manager for the Long Beach rescue effort , said in a statement on a Change.org petition to save the carrier . "  This is our last chance to stop the loss of an irreplaceable cultural and historic asset . " That chance appears to be slim . In December , the Navy paid International Shipbreaking of Brownsville , Texas , a penny to take the 56,000-ton warship off its hands . The shipbreaker makes its profit by selling the parts of the ship for scrap . Although the Ranger was decommissioned in 1993 , the Navy kept it around for possible reactivation until March 2004 , when it was stricken from the Naval Register and made available for donation to a group that could preserve it . An attempt by the USS Ranger Foundation to turn the carrier into a museum in Oregon fell short financially , and it could not figure out a way to get the huge ship up the Columbia River to Fairview , Oregon , according to a Navy statement . When it finalized the contract to scrap the Ranger in December , the Navy said it could not afford to maintain it indefinitely while waiting for a suitable organization to take it over . Shanahan said the Top Gun group will cover all costs to keep the Ranger from the scrapyard . "  Sparing the ship now presents NO financial risk to the federal government , " he said in a statement . The group says it has secured $ 14 million in donations so far and will cover the $ 200,000 in annual maintenance costs until a permanent berth for the ship is found , according to a story in the Long Beach Post . But Chris Johnson , a spokesman for Naval Sea Systems Command , which was responsible for disposing of the carrier , told the Navy Times that the Top Gun plan would n't pass muster . "  We can not take private funding for inherently military purposes , so it 's not accurate when the group says it can raise funds to keep the ship on donation hold , " the Navy Times quoted Johnson as saying . So unless another plan comes together quickly , the Ranger is likely to follow two of its predecessors in the Forrestal class of carriers -- the Forrestal and the Saratoga -- to scrapyards in Brownsville . Another carrier , the USS Constellation , part of the Kitty Hawk class , was towed to Brownsville late last year . Like the Ranger , the Constellation was stored in Washington and because of its size had to be towed all the way around the southern tip of South America , as it would not fit through the Panama Canal . The Ranger 's final journey is expected to take four to five months , the Navy says . The Ranger spent more than 35 years on active service , including missions off Vietnam and in support of Operation Desert Storm .	The USS Ranger was featured in the 1986 movie "  Top Gun " The Navy decommissioned the aircraft carrier in 1993 , and it 's scheduled to be scrapped Top Gun Super Carrier of Long Beach , California , hopes to turn it into a tourist and business destination
San Diego  CNN  -- Some people see a silver lining and go looking for a cloud . They just ca n't feel good about the world they live in , even when they 're presented with a feel-good story . Instead of rejoicing in a positive development , they 're critical and cynical and mean . You 'll find these folks in both political parties , and all across the ideological spectrum . This includes the left-leaning media and the liberal blogosphere , where they seem to have a tough time praising a Republican for doing something right . And some on the right would probably say that about me . I 've spent plenty of time in the last quarter century writing about things that Republicans do wrong . But criticizing Republicans when they deserve it does n't stop me from giving credit where it 's due . So let 's give credit to Josh Romney , the 38-year-old son of the 2012 Republican presidential nominee , who , police have confirmed , helped four people -- a husband , wife , and two teenage sons -- after a car crash in Holladay , Utah . It all happened on Thanksgiving night . After dinner with his parents and family , Romney was driving home with his wife and children when , he told reporters , he saw a car speed by him and crash into the kitchen of a home . He rushed to the scene of the crash . He said that he helped the four passengers out of the wreckage of the car and , police confirmed , he walked them to the front lawn so they could get medical attention . An adult male was in the basement of the home at the time , and he was n't injured . And the family was n't seriously injured . That 's good news . Afterward , Romney went to Twitter -- the modern-day town square -- and tweeted about the experience . He included a photo of himself standing next to the wreckage . This being a photo , he was smiling . The tweet simply read : "  Was first on scene to big accident , see pic of car in the house . I lifted 4 people out to safety . All ok . Thankful .  $ " Josh Romney  @joshromney  . " That 's it . Not exactly a victory lap , is it ? Yet , for his trouble , the hero of this story got hammered by the left and other Twitter users . "  Why are you smiling like a tourist at such a horrific scene ? " wrote Twitter user Laila Yuile in reaction to Romney 's tweet . Others wrote that Romney 's post constituted a classic "  humblebrag , " a kind of sneaky boast where someone uses 140 characters to show off without letting it show . We are told that some consider "  humblebragging " to be an even worse breach of etiquette than plain ol' generic bragging because it tends to be served up with a side of fake modesty . #Seriously ? This is what we 've come to ? We now go hunting for bad behavior , even when someone does a good deed . Is this sort of thing a result of boredom or poor manners ? ABC News Blogs reported that the term "  humblebrag " was coined in 2011 by American comedian Harris Wittels . It noted the blowback this way : "  Josh Romney , Mitt Romney 's son , is drawing some flak after rescuing four people from a car crash on Thanksgiving . It was n't the act itself that sparked the ire of so many on social media , but rather the tweet he posted in the aftermath of his self-acknowledged heroism . " United Press International reported this : "  Josh Romney says he helped rescue victims of a car crash in Utah , but now he 's getting grief for talking about it on Twitter . " I admit that posing in front of wreckage from an auto accident is a little creepy . And , even in the age of Twitter , it should be possible to render aid to those who need it without feeling compelled to broadcast it all over the Internet . And yet , it 's hard to detect any amount of gloating either in the text of Romney 's tweet , or in the statement he issued the day after the accident , part of which read : "  My family and I are grateful that no one was seriously injured and glad to have been able to help those affected by this terrible accident . What I did to help the people involved in the accident is what anyone else would do who witnessed such a potentially dangerous situation . " This young man sounds like a class act . Which is more than I can say for those petty souls who , in this case , went out of their way to cast a good Samaritan in a bad light . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Some look for gloom even in feel-good stories , like that of Josh Romney 's tweet Romney tweeted picture of himself , saying he was first on scene of crash , helped victims He was slammed online for "  humblebragging " ; Navarrette : Really ? Helping a bad thing ? Navarrette : He sounds like a class act -- more than the haters deriding a good Samaritan
New Delhi  CNN  -- India has eliminated American aircraft manufacturers Boeing and Lockheed Martin from contention for a $ 10 billion contract to supply new-generation combat planes to the South Asian nation . Indian Defense Ministry spokesman Sitanshu Kar told CNN that multinational Eurofighter and France 's Dassault Aviation remain in the competition for the big military deal . "  Boeing and Lockheed have been eliminated in the elimination round  of the bidding  , " Kar said . The process to acquire advanced fighter jets may be completed by the end of the current fiscal year , he added . The move came barely five months after U.S. President Barack Obama 's visit to India . Earlier Thursday , the U.S. Ambassador to India Timothy Roemer announced his decision to quit the post in June for what an embassy statement called "  personal , professional and family considerations . " Hours later , Roemer expressed his disappointment at India 's rejection of U.S. firms for what is believed to be one of the largest fighter-jet contracts . "  We are reviewing the documents received from the government of India and are respectful of the procurement process . "  We are , however , deeply disappointed by this news . We look forward to continuing to grow and develop our defense partnership with India and remain convinced that the United States offers our defense partners around the globe the world 's most advanced and reliable technology , " he said in his second statement of the day . India and the United States signed a new framework for their defense relationship in 2005 that also covered trade and technology transfer and collaboration to boost military ties . In recent years , India has procured defense equipment worth about $ 4 billion from the United States , including C130J aircraft and P8I maritime surveillance aircraft , according to information posted on the website of the External Affairs Ministry . Ties between the two nations have warmed over the past decade , especially after President Bill Clinton 's visit to India in March 2000 . A landmark civil nuclear cooperation deal that New Delhi and Washington agreed to later during the George W. Bush presidency took the relationship to new heights as it ended energy-hungry , but rapidly-growing India 's decades-old nuclear isolation . India has been placed high on Obama 's goal list to build what he called a "  defining " partnership . Defense Ministry spokesman Kar refused comment on ambassador Roemer 's remarks on eliminating Boeing and Lockheed from the jet bidding .	Official says Boeing and Lockheed Martin have been eliminated At stake is a $ 10 billion contract for combat planes A multinational firm and a French firm remain in contention
CNN  President Barack Obama may change the United States ' plan to withdraw virtually all its troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2016 , his new defense secretary said Saturday during a visit to the central Asian nation -- an indication that the White House is considering extending the U.S. troop presence there beyond that year . U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter made the comment in a news conference in Kabul with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani , who has previously called on Obama to "  re-examine " the withdrawal plan to ensure his country has the support it needs to maintain security gains . Carter arrived in Afghanistan 's capital on Saturday during his first foreign trip since being sworn in as defense secretary four days ago . "  Our priority now is to make sure this progress sticks . That is why President Obama is considering a number of options to reinforce our support for President Ghani 's security strategy , including possible changes to the time line for our drawdown of U.S. troops , " Carter said . "  That could mean taking another look at the timing and sequencing of base closures to ensure we have the right array of coalition capabilities to support our Afghan partners , " he said . After Ghani 's election last year , Afghanistan and the United States signed a security agreement that allowed U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan beyond the previous December 2014 deadline to withdraw . Under the current plan , the United States ended its combat presence in Afghanistan in December , but nearly 11,000 troops remained at the start of 2015 for training and support roles . American forces currently are expected to drop to 5,500 in 2016 , and by 2017 the U.S. military presence is to scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . Last month , Ghani told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that Obama should reconsider the 2016 withdrawal plan . "  Deadlines concentrate the mind . But deadlines should not be dogmas , " Ghani said in the "  60 Minutes " interview . He continued : "  If both parties or , in this case , multiple partners , have done their best to achieve the objectives and progress is very real , then there should be willingness to re-examine a deadline . " Carter recently took over as secretary of defense , replacing Chuck Hagel . The Senate confirmed Carter on February 12 , and he sworn in on Tuesday . Carter plans to meet with U.S. troops and other Afghan leaders during his Afghanistan trip Saturday and Sunday . Before his plane landed in Kabul , Carter told reporters he wants to better understand America 's role in Afghanistan . "  I have seen reports of all kinds giving assessment of how things are going in Afghanistan and I 'm just coming back into the government now and trying to wrap my mind around it , " he said . When asked about ISIS activity in Afghanistan , Carter replied : "  I 've seen the reports of people essentially rebranding themselves as ISIL here in Afghanistan as has occurred in other places . The reports I 've seen still have them in small numbers and aspirational . " Carter , 60 , is a respected technocrat who served in a number of high-level positions at the Pentagon . He holds degrees in theoretical physics and medieval history from Yale and Oxford . Hagel , a former Republican senator , resigned after less than two years on the job when he was unable to fully mesh with Obama 's national security team at the White House . CNN 's Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	Ashton Carter : Obama considering "  possible changes " to U.S. troop drawdown timeline Carter will visit U.S. troops and Afghan officials during his two-day stay in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Finally , after days of listing on a disabled Carnival cruise ship without electricity and working toilets , thousands of passengers finished disembarking early Friday morning at the Port of Mobile . The frustration that many felt was typified by Janie Esparza , one of the first passengers to get back on land . "  It was horrible . Horrible , " Esparza told a scrum of reporters . "  The bathroom facilities were horrible and we could not flush toilets . No electricity and our rooms were in total darkness . Honestly , think that this ship should have ever sailed out . " The Carnival Triumph , became a major media story , when it caught fire off the coast of Mexico . The blaze left the vessel listing to the side , drifting in Gulf of Mexico currents and the more than 4,200 passengers and crew on board in limbo . It took five days for the ship to dock at the Alabama Cruise Terminal , three days after it was due . Family members cheered as the ship pulled in and in the crowd also was Carnival CEO Gerry Cahill . The CEO had his own message for the weary passengers : Sorry . "  We pride ourselves in providing our guests with a great vacation experience , and clearly we failed in this particular case , " he said . The beleaguered CEO went on the ship as passengers departed and delivered another apology . But for some , like passenger Norma Reyes , it was too little too late . "  The hallways were toxic , " said Reyes , who said she would never go on a Carnival cruise again . "  Full of urine . It was horrible . If that ship caught on fire and they had not contained it where would we be ? Floating in the ocean or dead . " Others were more forgiving . "  They did a good job of managing expectations , " said Brett Klausman . "  The information that trickled out was probably well thought out to kind of keep people safe and calm . " Despite the ordeal , many passengers had nothing but praise for the crew , saying they had worked long shifts to make sure their guests were as comfortable as possible . "  No power , no toilets , nothing . Nothing . I mean , it was was disgusting , but the staff , they did such an amazing job , " said Joseph Alvarez . "  And I give them so much props because they were amazing through it all . I mean , they worked their tails off to accommodate everybody 's needs . " Five things we 've learned about cruising U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials , Coast Guard members and a Carnival team boarded the ship before it arrived in port to help speed efforts to get passengers off as quickly as possible , he said . Some families gathered at the Alabama Cruise Terminal , far from where the ship was originally supposed to dock in Galveston , Texas . Marissa Jenks said her family reported they had a hot meal Thursday morning and crew members were trying to clean up the ship as it neared port . Boredom and stress At some point during the ordeal urine and feces streamed in the halls and down walls after toilet facilities failed , soaking the mattress of a friend of his who was sleeping in a hallway , said Larry Poret . Emergency power failures caused section doors to slam shut , panicking some passengers who had no idea what was happening . "  We definitely  were  not adequately informed , " Poret said . Opinion : The dirty secrets below decks Poret said toilets on the ship worked on and off , but were too inconsistent to trust . He said waste tipped out of some commodes and sloshed across floors as the ship listed to the side . "  It runs down the walls from one floor to the next . It 's running out of somebody 's bathroom out into the hallway all the way across , " he said . Long lines for food and frequent delays were constantly aggravating , he said . "  Here we are looking for hope that , hey it 's 6 o'clock , it 's going to get better , " he said . "  And 6 o'clock comes and goes and all of a sudden an announcement at 8 , ` Hey , we 're running behind schedule . ' Well , no joke . " The incident aboard the ship scared Poret 's daughter and a friend taking the cruise with her , Poret said . "  As soon as you get them calmed down , the electric goes out and doors start slamming shut , " he said . During less stressful times , passengers passed the hours playing cards , walking the deck and going to see what was happening on other areas of the ship , Poret said . Passengers set up charging stations to help their fellow passengers juice up cell phones and other devices , he said . Aboard the cruise ship ? Share your story with CNN iReport The final trip home Carnival promised an army of about 200 employees would take care of its passengers once they cleared customs . Passengers boarded buses to Galveston , where the cruise originated , or Houston , or went to spend the night in a hotel in New Orleans . Carnival said it had reserved about 100 motor coaches , more than 1,500 New Orleans hotel rooms , multiple charter flights from New Orleans to Houston on Friday and transportation from Houston to the Port of Galveston so that guests may retrieve their cars if they drove to the port . Carnival officials had initially planned to tow the ship to a Mexican port , but after Gulf currents pushed it farther north before tugboats could take control , and considering that 900 of the passengers do not have passports , the company decided to take the Carnival Triumph to Mobile instead , where it can be repaired . Compensation for travelers The cruise line said it would give each passenger $ 500 , a free flight home , a full refund for their trip and for most expenses on board , as well as a credit for another cruise . The Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board launched an investigation into the cause of the engine room fire . Because the Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency . Read related : Cruise safety drill results in 5 deaths Travelers have few options for compensation in these cases , other than what the cruise line is already offering , according to travel expert Jason Clampet of Skift.com , a travel website . "  The passengers on the ship are n't going to have a great deal of recourse when they get home , " he said . Travel "  insurance really does n't cover this sort of thing . Their trip was n't interrupted and they are n't incurring extra expenses ... so they ca n't be compensated that way . " Still , there 's no denying that the fire and resulting bad PR will hurt Carnival . "  It 's a terrible sight , thinking of people trapped on a ship with limited food and filthy conditions , so I think people will think twice about taking a cruise , " Clampet said . Read related : What caused the Costa Cruises ship disaster ? Bad luck before The fire is at least the second problem for the ship since late January , when it had an issue with its propulsion system , according to a notice posted on the website of Carnival senior cruise director John Heald . It 's also not the first fire to disable one of the cruise line 's ships . In 2010 , the Carnival cruise ship Splendor lost power after an engine room fire , leaving it drifting off the Pacific coast of Mexico . The USS Ronald Reagan ferried 60,000 pounds of supplies for the ship 's passengers and crew as the ship was towed to San Diego . After this ill-fated cruise , the Carnival Triumph wo n't host vacationing passengers until at least mid-April . Carnival has canceled a dozen voyages scheduled between February 21 and April 13 . That makes a total of 14 scratched trips . The cruise line already had eliminated voyages slated for February 11 and February 16 . Read also : Eight icy getaways CNN 's Sandra Endo , Rich Phillips , Tom Watkins , Chandler Friedman , Victor Blackwell , Tristan Smith , Joe Sutton , Mike Ahlers , Dave Alsup , Sandra Endo , Chuck Johnston , Esprit Smith , Greg Botelho , Katia Hetter and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Carnival CEO going on board ship to apologize to passengers Carnival Cruise Lines says it will take up to five hours for everyone to disembark One passenger says conditions not so bad , others disagree Most say crew members have done great job after the ship was disabled by an engine fire
CNN  -- About a decade ago , Pervez Musharraf was a powerful president , torn between complicated ties with the United States and rising Islamic militants at home . After four and a half years of self-imposed exile , the former Pakistani president hopes to reassert his power . Musharraf returned to Karachi on Sunday to help his political party gain momentum prior to the May general election . The retired general , who wrested power in a bloodless coup in 1999 and lost it nine years later , acknowledges that happens next is uncertain . "  It is risky , certainly , " he said . "  But when I formed this party , the point was to go back and fight the elections . Why I 'm going back is to do something for the country . The cause is much greater than self . Therefore , I 'm prepared to take the risks for the sake of my country . " More security He may not find a warm reception . Last year , Musharraf scuttled his plans to return after being warned against doing so by the military . "  There were indications that they did n't want me to come , and my own colleagues told me not to come , " he acknowledged . "  Therefore , I changed my mind . " This time , he said , he will be protected by his own private security agents as well as by government security . Pakistan 's upper house of parliament passed a nonbinding resolution in January 2012 demanding Musharraf be arrested and tried for treason for unconstitutional acts during his regime . Musharraf 's lawyer obtained pre-arrest bail for him on Friday , which means he will not be arrested for at least 15 days , but must appear in court . But Human Rights Watch said Saturday that the Pakistani government should hold Musharraf accountable for human rights abuses once he returns . "  Musharraf should not be allowed to elude the serious legal proceedings against him on his return to Pakistan , " said Ali Dayan Hasan , Pakistan director at Human Rights Watch . "  Only by ensuring that Musharraf faces the well-documented outstanding charges against him can Pakistan put an end to the military 's impunity for abuses . " Under Musharraf , the country 's military and its intelligence agencies "  committed widespread human rights violations , including the enforced disappearances of thousands of political opponents , particularly from Balochistan province , and tortured hundreds of Pakistani terrorism suspects , " Human Rights Watch said . Mixed reviews His goal , Musharraf said , is to help lift his country from its malaise . "  My motivation is to go back and correct the situation , bring it back to the level where I left it . " He left it and went into self-imposed exile , largely in London , after the 2008 elections . But he never gave up hopes of returning to the political stage . In late 2010 , he launched the All Pakistan Muslim League party with a view to running for office in 2013 . His years leading the country earned mixed reviews . Under his leadership , Pakistan attained respectable economic growth rates and established a generally favorable investment climate . Along with that came a growing middle class , a more aggressive media , and a more assertive judiciary . "  He brought parliamentary reforms ; he brought women into the parliament , " said Ahmed Bilal Mehboob , director of the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency in an interview last year . Military mindset But , analysts say , Musharraf never lost his military mindset . "  He in a way , always believed in a unity of command , a very centralized command , which means his command , in fact , " said Lt. Gen. Talat Masood , a political analyst . Musharraf 's popularity began dropping in 2007 after he suspended Supreme Court Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry for "  misuse of authority . " The move triggered protests and accusations that he was trying to influence the court 's ruling on whether he could run for another five-year term . Chaudhry was reinstated but the damage was done . That October , Musharraf was re-elected president by a parliament that critics said was stacked with his supporters . Opposition parties filed a challenge . The next month , he declared a state of emergency , suspended Pakistan 's constitution , replaced the chief judge again and blacked out independent TV outlets . Under pressure from the West , Musharraf later lifted the emergency and promised elections in January 2008 . He allowed Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister he had deposed in 1999 , to return from exile . He also let in another political foe , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , who led the Pakistan Peoples Party . Bhutto returned from a self-imposed , eight-year exile to run in the country 's general elections in 2007 , but was assassinated that December while campaigning in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi , the seat of the country 's military , by a 15-year-old suicide bomber . Musharraf 's government and the CIA contend the killing was orchestrated by a group with ties to al Qaeda , but polls found that most Pakistanis believed Musharraf 's government was complicit . He has denied the assertions . Re-entering politics In 2010 , further criticism of Musharraf emerged after the United Nations ruled that Bhutto 's death could have been prevented had Musharraf 's government taken adequate measures to protect her . Musharraf rejected the findings , saying that Bhutto had police protection and took unnecessary risks . Other factors hastened the decline in Musharraf 's popularity : a shortage of essential food items , power cuts and high inflation . In February 2008 , Musharraf 's party admitted defeat in parliamentary elections and he was succeeded by Asif Zardari , Bhutto 's widower . The leaders of Pakistan 's two main opposition parties formed a coalition and vowed to restore deposed judges . Six months later , the coalition moved to impeach Musharraf , who then resigned as president and went into self-imposed exile , though he said the allegations of misconduct were false . In August 2009 , Pakistan 's supreme court found that Musharraf had violated the constitution in 2007 when he imposed a national state of emergency . Government officials said that if he returned , he 'd be arrested . In May 2010 Musharraf announced that he planned to re-enter Pakistan politics and launched a new political party in October of that year . But a Pakistani court then issued an arrest warrant for him in connection with Bhutto 's assassination . He has said that the accusations are baseless . He has described his support as scattered , and said he needs to rebuild it . "  This is a do-or-die moment for me and my party . I need to muster all the support I can , " he said . Exiled Pakistani ex-president returns home CNN 's Samia Mohsin , Leone Lakhani and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Musharraf must appear in court "  It 's risky , certainly , " he says about his planned return He plans to have private security as well as government security
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Indian owners of car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover  JLR  have agreed to pump "  tens of millions " of dollars into the luxury car brand to prevent a cash flow crisis , it was reported Monday . Jaguar Land Rover was bought by the Indian company Tata earlier this year for $ 2.3 billion . The moves comes as the British government ponders a public-funded bailout of the West Midlands-based automaker , the Financial Times newspaper said . Tata , which bought JLR earlier this year , warned its support for the UK subsidiary did not negate the argument that the British government should provide bridging loans and credit guarantees to help the company and the car sector as a whole through the current financial difficulties , the FT said . Last week , the ailing "  big three " automakers in the U.S. were given a boost when the Bush administration agreed a $ 13.4 billion loan package . Now British Business Secretary Lord Mandelson has come under pressure to come up with a similar package for UK manufacturers . JLR employs 15,000 workers in Britain and is seen as a vital contributor to the West Midlands regional economy in particular . However , the business secretary at the weekend reiterated that the state had to be a "  lender of last resort , " only after Tata has looked to its own resources , the FT reported . Any state support would be conditional on the due diligence on the Indian parent company being conducted by the government 's City advisers , according to officials . A spokesman for Lord Mandelson 's Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform told the British Press Association : "  The Government does n't have an open cheque-book to bail out ailing companies , but we are doing all we can to help businesses overcome the current challenges . "  Jaguar Land Rover have owners who are well resourced and have the first responsibility to sustain the companies they own . " According to the FT , accountancy firm KPMG and investment bank NM Rothschild have been called in to advise the UK government on the Indian group 's complex finances and to assess demands from the car sector .	Tata bought the British-based luxury car maker earlier this year UK government also pondering a public-funded bailout of the company JLR employs around 15,000 workers in Britain
CNN  Two police officers shot and wounded while standing guard outside the Ferguson , Missouri , Police Department early Thursday were deliberately targeted in what a police official called an "  ambush . " Such ambush-style attacks were the leading circumstance in the surging number of shooting deaths of law enforcement officers , according to the nonprofit , Washington-based National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . The shootings were a chilling low point in the protests in the St. Louis suburb since a Ferguson police officer shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown in August . The demonstrators were out again late Wednesday -- in response to the announcement hours earlier of Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson 's resignation -- when shots rang out from a hill about 125 yards from where the protesters had gathered , according to witnesses . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said the shootings were an "  ambush " intended "  for whatever nefarious reason " to inflict harm on the officers . The officers -- one shot in the face , the other in the shoulder -- have been released from the hospital . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder decried the shootings as a "  heinous assault  that  was inexcusable and repugnant . " Calling the shooting a "  cowardly action , " Holder said , "  I condemn violence against any public safety officials in the strongest terms , and the Department of Justice will never accept any threats or violence directed at those who serve and protect our communities . " The number of law enforcement officers shot to death in the line of duty rose more than 50 % in 2014 , the law enforcement group said in a report released in December . Many of those shootings occurred during police interactions with suspects such as traffic stops , responses to disturbances or attempted arrests . Such was the case in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , on Tuesday , when Deputy U.S. Marshal Josie Wells was killed in an exchange of gunfire after going to arrest a fugitive murder suspect at a motel . However , ambushes were the largest single category of circumstances in the shooting deaths of officers in 2014 , according to the group 's report . Fifty officers were killed by firearms -- 15 in ambush attacks -- in 2014 , the Memorial Fund said . That 's compared with five ambushes among 32 shooting deaths in 2013 and six ambush deaths during 2012 , according to the FBI . But those ambush numbers have trended higher before in previous years : The FBI counted 15 officer deaths by ambush each year in 2011 , 2010 and 2009 . Ambush situations were the biggest category of circumstance behind 543 officers feloniously killed from 2002 to 2011 : 23.2 % . Ambush killings are nothing new . The FBI defines two types : One is by "  entrapment and premeditation , " which is a scenario "  where the officer was lured into danger as the result of conscious consideration and planning . These attacks are generally accomplished from cover or hiding ; however , they can occur without cover or hiding , " the agency said . The second are ambushes of "  unprovoked attacks , " which are "  generally accomplished without hiding ; however , they can occur with or without cover , " the FBI said . Harry Houck , a consultant and former New York Police Department detective , said officers could be second-guessing themselves as scrutiny of the police increases . "  If an officer is afraid to immediately react the way he 's supposed to , " he said , "  that could cost him his life . " According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund 2014 report , 126 federal , state , local , tribal and territorial officers died in the line of duty in 2014 , compared with 102 and 123 the previous two years . Most of the on-duty deaths considered "  non-felonious " were from traffic accidents or health reasons . CNN has not analyzed each case and can not authenticate the group 's findings . After the findings were released in December , Holder said : "  These troubling statistics underscore the very real dangers that America 's brave law enforcement officers face every time they put on their uniforms . Each loss is both tragic and unacceptable -- a beloved father , mother , son or daughter who never came home to their loved ones . " He said that the Department of Justice is doing its own analysis of officer deaths in 2014 "  so we can mitigate risks in the future . " The report 's release came amid simmering distrust and tension between police and some communities across the country . It was published less than two weeks after the December 20 ambush killing of two New York City police officers . Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , approached Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos as they sat in their marked patrol car in Brooklyn on December 20 and shot them to death . He killed himself shortly afterward . The police memorial fund invoked the memories of Liu and Ramos ' deaths in a December statement . "  With the increasing number of ambush-style attacks against our officers , I am deeply concerned that a growing anti-government sentiment in America is influencing weak-minded individuals to launch violent assaults against the men and women working to enforce our laws and keep our nation safe , " said Craig W. Floyd , chairman and CEO of the police fund . "  Enough is enough , " he said . "  We need to tone down the rhetoric and rally in support of law enforcement and against lawlessness . " That angry rhetoric is n't confined to the case of Ferguson -- or of Staten Island , New York , where the death of Eric Garner in July after police attempted to subdue him spurred national protests and preceded the slayings of Liu and Ramos , said Steve Groeninger , a spokesman for the memorial fund . Groeninger said the uptick in ambush-style attacks was "  punctuated " by the New York officers ' slayings , but there were other targeted attacks against law enforcement in 2014 that concern the fund . They included :  In Las Vegas in June , Jerad Miller and his wife surprised two police officers as they ate lunch , shooting them to death . Witnesses said the Millers placed a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a swastika on one officer 's body . The couple then died in a murder-suicide as police closed in .  In Jersey City , New Jersey , in July , police said a man assaulted a Walgreen 's security guard and took his gun in order to carry out the ambush-style killing of an officer , according to the Jersey Journal .  Two Pennsylvania State Police troopers were ambushed and shot outside police barracks in Blooming Grove in September . The hunt for the alleged killer , Eric Frein , lasted almost seven weeks . He was captured at an abandoned airport on October 30 . Frein was hit with terrorism charges in November for allegedly admitting that he shot the officers to change the government and "  wake people up . " But the number of shootings by police officers also is on the rise . According to data collected by the FBI , there were 461 justifiable homicides in 2013 -- the highest level since 1994 and the most recent year available . The figures are incomplete , however , because the shootings are self-reported and not all police departments provide them . The total number of fatal shootings by police officers is much higher -- 1,010 in 2013 and 1,134 last year , according to the nonprofit Fatal Encounters . The group started collecting the data in 2013 . Its source of information is different from the FBI 's . The group 's founder , Brian Burghart , said the figures create a toxic environment for police , as well as suspects . "  When it comes to an eye for an eye , that people are addressing the problems with violence , the numbers are always going to go up on both sides , " he said . This week , Wisconsin residents took to the streets to protest the police killing of Tony Robinson , a 19-year-old who was unarmed . Robinson 's shooting was the fourth involving an officer in Wisconsin in the last three weeks . The others hardly made headlines : One involved an armed robbery , another a domestic abuser who put a knife to his girlfriend 's throat , and another involved an assailant with a fake gun . Last April , Milwaukee police officer Christopher Manney shot Dontre Hamilton , a mentally ill man , more than a dozen times . The officer said he opened fire when Hamilton grabbed his baton and struck him with it . Manney was not charged criminally . Instead , he was fired for not following protocol . Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke accused politicians of fueling what he called an "  assault " on policing . "  War has been declared on the American police officer , " Clarke told CNN on Friday . "  And I 'm tired of politicians taking all of the maladies of the American ghetto and blaming them on the American police officer . ... They jumped in , early on , instead of offering calm words , they threw gas on an already smoldering fire . " Experts say the numbers alone do n't tell the whole story . "  We need to know the circumstances in each individual case , " said Houck , the consultant and former New York Police Department detective . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Two police officers are shot and wounded in Ferguson , Missouri , in what a police official calls an "  ambush " Firearms killed 50 officers in 2014 , up from 32 in 2013 , the Officers Memorial Fund says National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund : Of the 50 , 15 were killed in ambushes
CNN  -- A four-minute video lampooning your image as an international statesman is not the ideal start to a foreign tour . But this week , Australia 's increasingly unpopular Prime Minister Tony Abbott will put an unflattering viral video behind him as he embarks on a 10-day trip to Indonesia , France , Canada and the U.S. . As the clip , from John Oliver 's "  Last Week Tonight , " spread through social media , the show tweeted : "  Australia is a continent divided ! After last night 's episode , they are unable to decide between hashtags #TonyDumbDumb and #TonyDumDum . " The most recent opinion polls back up the sentiment . According to Newspoll surveys commissioned by The Australian newspaper , Abbott 's approval rating has slipped to 33 % , down from his highest ever rating of 45 % in November last year . Mending ties with Indonesia Abbott 's foreign tour starts in Indonesia Wednesday when he meets President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on the Indonesian island of Batam . It will be their face-to-face meeting in six months , following a period of frosty relations between the two countries . Relations soured last November amid allegations that Australian intelligence agencies phone-tapped Indonesia 's leader , his wife and close allies . Indonesia immediately recalled its ambassador , who has only recently returned to his post . "  The clear indication from Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is that he wants this thing to end on good terms as he completes his presidency of 10 years , " Ross Tapsell , a lecturer in Asian Studies at the Australian National University told CNN . Yudohoyono will step down after two terms in office , when the country votes for a new leader in July . "  He 's clearly been known to be a friend of Australia ... and he 's prided himself on his international statesman image . Certainly as he comes to the end of his reign that will be how he will be wanting his legacy to be reflected , because domestically he 's been rating very poorly in the polls , " Tapsell said . Abbott has made it clear too he wants to mend ties , on Tuesday brushing aside revelations that Indonesian journalists were in the room listening to an ostensibly private phone conversation between Abbott and Yudhoyono last month . Asked by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's Chris Ulhmann whether he knew journalists were listening , Abbott said , "  the important thing is the quality of the conversation . " Describing the call as "  very genial , " Abbott said "  there is no doubt that President Yudhoyono is and will always be , I think , a great friend of Australia . " A transcript of the phone call was published on an Indonesian website in early May . A partial transcript published by the ABC on Tuesday revealed a seemingly innocuous conversation about when they 'd next meet . Voter discontent Abbott 's problems at home center on a deeply unpopular budget the government has been struggling to sell since it was announced two weeks ago . Described as the worst-received federal budget in more than 20 years , it raised taxes , cut benefits , increased university fees and imposed a new fee for medical visits . Abbott maintains the budget is a painful but necessary remedy to years of overspending by the former Labor government . However , critics accuse him of breaking pre-election promises and imposing spending cuts that unfairly target the poor . Tough asylum policy One of Abbott 's main pre-election policies was a tougher stance on asylum seekers who arrive in Australian waters by boat . As well as a continuation of offshore processing , the Liberal leader advocated a "  turn-back " policy ; approval for the Australian Navy to force boats in Australian waters to turn around "  when it is safe to do so . " The policy rankled Indonesia , especially after a Joint Review by Australian authorities found Australian vessels "  inadvertently " strayed into Indonesian waters six times between December 2013 and January 2014 . "  The Indonesia government has I think quite fairly been arguing for some time that there needs to be regional cooperation on the issue of asylum seekers and indeed the stop the boats policy was seen as a unilateral action , " Tapsell said . During the eight months it has been in power , Abbott 's government has succeeded in drastically reducing the number of boats arriving in Australia . The Prime Minister told the ABC the government 's policies had removed a "  source of friction " with Indonesia -- "  Because none of them are making it to Australia , very few of them are leaving Indonesian shores . The whole point of leaving Indonesia is to get to Australia and if you never get to Australia , why bother leaving Indonesia ? " After the phone tapping controversy , Indonesia called for a "  code of conduct " to be agreed before relations return to normal . However it 's unlikely it will be announced this week as the document is still being drafted . Beyond Indonesia After Indonesia , Abbott is due to attend the official D-Day commemorations in France on June 6 , before traveling to Canada for talks with Prime Minister Stephen Harper , then the U.S. where he 'll meet President Barack Obama . Trade will dominate talks there as Abbott attempts to attract foreign investment with the mantra that Australia is "  once again open for business . " Abbott has acknowledged his government faces a "  very , very big job " at home convincing voters that the measures announced in the budget will eventually pay off . The upcoming series of high-profile meetings is Abbott 's opportunity to redefine early perceptions of his premiership , and deflect the conversation away from a choice of unflattering hashtags .	Australian , Indonesian leaders to meet for first time in six months Wednesday Relationship soured over phone tapping allegations and asylum seeker policy Australian PM is struggling in opinion polls after delivering painful budget From Indonesia , Abbott will travel to France , Canada and the U.S.
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A former motor-racing engineer has unveiled a prototype of a new hydrogen-powered city car which claims to emit less than one third of the carbon emissions produced by its nearest rival . The Riversimple Urban Car has been nine years in the making and needs further funding for city trials . The creators of the ` Urban Car , ' UK-based company Riversimple , say the vehicle emits less than 30 grams per kilometer of carbon dioxide , less than one third of the carbon produced by the Polo Bluemotion . Riversimple founder Hugo Spowers has spent nine years researching and developing the prototype car . "  I think that the auto industry is focusing a lot of money on research and development at a basic science level on hydrogen storage and fuel cell technology . We do n't think it 's necessary to do that , " Spowers told CNN . "  We can use existing technology and integrate it into a whole system design approach -- that is where the breakthrough has come . " Spowers is searching for extra funding to put the ` Urban Car ' on the streets , but he says at this stage they wo n't be for sale . Riversimple plans to lease the car to customers for a monthly fee of # 200  $ 330  . Hydrogen fuel for the cars will cost just 15 pence  25 cents  per mile . It 's a long way from the fuel-guzzling world Spowers used to inhabit as a designer and developer of high-powered racing cars . It was the industry 's appalling environmental record that encouraged him to leave to try to find a way to make driving greener . "  Certainly the first five or six years were hard work because I did have an awful lot of people telling me I was mad , " Spowers told CNN , at the launch of the Riversimple Urban Car in London . "  Gradually it all sort of gathered steam , " he said , adding "  I 'm absolutely convinced that we 're offering a better solution for a segment of the transport problem and we 'd be crazy not to pursue it . " The Urban Car 's power comes from hydrogen fuel cells which are linked to four electric motors situated over each of the car 's wheels . Almost all of the braking is done by the electric motors , which then capture the energy of the car in motion and store it in a bank of ultracapacitors . In conventional cars , the energy generated through braking is lost as heat . The energy stored in the Urban Car 's electric motors is enough to power 80 percent of the car 's acceleration . That reduces the energy demands on the hydrogen fuel cell , meaning it can be one fifth of the size of one used in a normal car . The lighter fuel cell also makes it more energy efficient . A large part of the funding for the car 's development came from the family of Ernst Pich , the eldest grandson of Ferdinand Porsche who founded the motor company of the same name in 1931 . Ferdinand Porsche 's great-grandson Sebastien Pich is a partner in Riversimple . He says the company 's nimble size has given it an advantage over larger car manufacturers whose future he says concerns him . "  It concerns me massively , because I do n't see that the model they have now is very relevant to where consumers are going . Consumers are looking for a different solution . I 'm not sure if what they 're producing is working , " he said . Riversimple plans to share the designs for its car through open-source licence agreements , a system more commonly used in the software industry . Designers and manufacturers will be invited to make improvements so the car evolves into the most efficient vehicle it can be . "  We do n't believe that making money on IP  intellectual property  is really what 's actually happening even now . We believe that service and providing the solution for customers will be where we make money , " Pich told CNN . The next step now is to find further financing , another # 20 million  $ 33 million  , to build and test ten cars . Fifty prototypes will then be built for a pilot project in a small city . The location is still to be confirmed , but Riversimple has narrowed down its options to small towns in the United Kingdom , perhaps Oxford or Peterborough . "  I 'm very confident we 'll get it to market , " Spowers said . "  I could n't say hand on heart that I 'm confident that we 'll achieve what I think technically can be done . That 's a bit in the lap of the gods and it 's all to do with people , politics and business -- all a bit more unpredictable . "	Riversimple launches car prototype with lowest level of carbon emissions Car is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell and four electric motors over the wheels Company 's looking for $ 33 million dollars to build ten cars for trials Designer Spowers used expertise he gained in motor racing to build prototype
CNN  -- China is proposing to convene an emergency consultation with members of the six-party talks amid growing tensions on the Korean peninsula , a Chinese official and an American official said Sunday . "  The Chinese side , after careful studies , proposes to have emergency consultations among the heads of delegation to the six-party talks in early December in Beijing to exchange views on major issues of concern to the parties at present , " Wu Dawei , Chinese special representative for Korean peninsula affairs , told journalists . "  The six-party talks play an important role in strengthening communication among the parties , advancing denuclearization on the peninsula and safeguarding peace and stability on the peninsula and in northeast Asia , " he said . As both North Korea 's largest trading partner and a country engaged in diplomatic talks with South Korea , China is dealing with both sides of an increasingly divided Korean peninsula . Diplomats , seeking a lessening of tensions and a return to the six-party talks with North Korea over the country 's nuclear aspirations , have busily labored to avert more hostilities . The United States , China , Japan , Russia , South Korea and North Korea are the six countries that have been involved in the discussions , which were put on hold in 2008 . "  The United States is consulting with South Korea , Japan and other countries on China 's proposal for emergency talks on the North Korean crisis , " a State Department spokesperson told CNN Sunday . "  The six-party talks can not substitute for action by North Korea to comply with its obligations , " said the spokesperson , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . "  Clear steps by North Korea are needed to demonstrate a change of behavior . " "  We have called on China to urge North Korea to restrain its provocations and responsibly act in the interests of peace and stability , " the spokesperson said . China said the proposed emergency consultations do not mean a resumption of the six-party talks , China 's state media reported . The South Korean government will "  bear in mind " China 's proposal , according to a Foreign Ministry press release . But the government added that given the current situation , the proposal "  needs to be carefully reviewed . " U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday that China is the key to resolving the conflict , but said the country is "  not behaving as a responsible world power . " "  They could bring the North Korean economy to its knees if they wanted to . And I can not believe that the Chinese should , in a mature fashion , not find it in their interest to restrain North Korea . So far , they are not , " McCain said . McCain called the proposal for a six-party meeting a "  fine first step , " but said that North Korea 's history of confrontation will not come to a stop without significant penalties . Tensions on the Korean peninsula mounted last week when four South Koreans died after North Korea 's shelling of Yeonpyeong Island during a South Korean military drill Tuesday . North Korea said the South provoked the attack because shells from the South Korean drill landed in the North 's waters . "  We express our condolences to the victims of the Yeonpyeong island incident and will make efforts for the sake of peace between North and South Korea so that the situation does not deteriorate , " Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo said during a meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Sunday . The South Korean president asked that China "  contribute to achieving peace on the Korean peninsula with a fairer and responsible position in regards to North and South Korean relations . " Lee added that "  South Korea has endured endless provocations from the North since the Korean War , but if North Korea carries out an additional provocation , we will take strong countermeasures . " On Sunday , South Korea and the United States began joint military exercises on the Yellow Sea -- another point of contention in the region . North Korea has warned of unpredictable "  consequences " if the United States fulfilled its vow of deploying an aircraft carrier to the Yellow Sea for the military maneuvers . "  The DPRK -LSB- Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -RSB- will deal a merciless military counter-attack at any provocative act of intruding into its territorial waters in the future , " North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency said Sunday . China appeared to have criticized the joint military exercises last week . "  We oppose any party to take any military acts in our exclusive economic zone without permission , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . The China-North Korea relations take another step on Tuesday , when Choe Tae Bok , chairman of North Korea 's Supreme People 's Assembly , will pay an official visit to China , Xinhua reported . Choe was invited by Wu Bangguo , chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress of China , the agency said . CNN 's Steven Jiang and journalist Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department spokesman says U.S. conferring with others on "  North Korea crisis " Tensions are high after a fatal North Korean shelling of a South Korean island China : Six-party talks play an important role in "  safeguarding peace and stability " The discussions were put on hold in 2008
CNN  -- Over the past decade the Arab world has witnessed a shifting of not only hard power -- which saw the traditional armies of the Arab world in Syria , Egypt and Iraq consumed in internal turmoil -- but also of what Harvard professor Joseph Nye termed "  soft power , " which has moved from these countries to the resource rich Gulf states . Long before their formation into modern states , the cities of the Gulf were recipients of talent , skill and economic aid from the traditional Arab nation states that have today fallen into obscurity . For centuries the Kiswa , or black drapes of the holy Kaaba in Mecca were supplied by Baghdad , Cairo or Sanaa as well as Istanbul who were locked in protocol battles of soft power over the holy city . This is of course no longer the case . Saudi Arabia -- the Arab world economic superpower and fourth largest spender on military -- is the party that sends aid not only to Yemen and Egypt but also to most Arab states . According to the World Bank , the Arab Gulf states , perhaps none more so than Kuwait , are today amongst the most generous nations with regards to financial aid , contributing more than twice the United Nations target of 0.7 % of their combined gross national income during the period between 1973-2008 . Since the beginning of the Arab uprisings , Gulf Aid to the Arab world has significantly spiked . Egypt , for example , has received billions of dollars from the Gulf States since its January 25 , 2011 , uprising . The Egyptians ' loss of influence over Mecca -- which was then under Hashemite rule -- to Saudi founder Ibn Saud in 1925 was an irreparable blow to Cairo 's mechanism of religious soft power and a significant advantage to the Al Sauds . Perhaps no other city in the world , save for Hollywood , commands as much global soft power as Mecca . For decades , media output in the Arab world was produced , recorded , filmed and performed in the traditional leading Arab states of Iraq , Syria and Egypt as well as Lebanon . Today a significant portion of television production , recording and filming -- not to mention financing -- takes place in the Gulf cities of Dubai , Abu Dhabi and Doha . Much of this entertainment is produced in the local dialects of Egypt and Syria , but the Gulf cities can exercise a large degree of influence on material that is locally filmed and financed . The Gulf states are also home to the most watched TV news channels in the Arab world , a significant mechanism of soft power in one of the most politically unstable regions . Between the Doha based Al Jazeera and the Saudi owned and Dubai based Al Arabiya is a media war for the hearts and minds of the Arab public . The two leading news channels of the Arab world are accused of reflecting the versions of events closest to the politics of their funders . Even so , the soft power reach of these channels with their tens of millions of Arab viewers can not be quantified and has become one of the main levers of soft power of the Gulf states . Flourishing tourism While tourism has come to a standstill in Lebanon , Egypt , Syria and Iraq it has flourished in the Gulf states . Dubai with its infrastructure and attractions that were built over the past half-century today attracts more tourists than any other Arab state and is the seventh most visited city in the world . This year , Airports Council International ranked Dubai 's airport , home of Emirates Airlines , as the world 's busiest -- in terms of passenger numbers -- for the 12 months ending March . Abu Dhabi , Doha , Muscat and a number of Saudi cities are undertaking massive airport and other infrastructure projects that will keep tourists pouring in . The Gulf cities have turned themselves into globally recognized brands , while traditional Arab cities such as Baghdad , Cairo and Damascus have become synonymous with turmoil and unrest . The massive multi billion-dollar nation branding exercise that cities like Abu Dhabi , Dubai and Doha have undertaken has turned into a self-fulfilling prophecy . World diplomatic , business and media leaders continuously make visits to these cities attracted by their commercial , political and media clout , this in turn attracts others to be based here . For instance , today Abu Dhabi is arguably the de facto political hub of the region having witnessed visits by most foreign ministers of regional and global powers . While the traditionally culturally rich powers of the Arab world continue to face internal turmoil and fail to invest in cultural projects , the Gulf states continue to thrive . Abu Dhabi , Dubai , Doha and Sharjah are investing heavily in museums and education , attracting talent from across the Arab world and beyond . For the second year running , a survey of young Arabs found that the UAE topped their list of preferred countries to live in , followed by the U.S. , Saudi Arabia and Qatar . The UAE at 39 % scored almost twice as high as the U.S. at 21 % -- a significant show of force for a country that is n't even half a century old . Barely a week goes by in the Gulf states without them witnessing major international events and meetings . The Gulf states have been on a publicity and nation-branding streak . From Dubai 's hosting of the World Bank and IMF meetings in 2003 to the Dubai World Expo in 2020 , the city is abuzz with global conferences such as the World Economic Forum 's Global Agenda Councils , sporting championships and media , IT and business forums . Qatar 's hosting of the World Trade Organization Doha Round of talks in 2001 to the World Cup 2022 as well as Abu Dhabi 's massive Guggenheim and Louvre museums -- which are scheduled to open in the next few years -- will cement these states ' soft power advantages . When the British decided to withdraw from the Gulf states in the 1960s they left behind fledgling nations , weak and exposed to regional states and the political ambitions of neighbors . Today -- due to their incredible soft power -- it is these Gulf states that carry influence over the rest of the Arab world .	Arab soft power has shifted to Gulf nation states , writes Sultan Sooud Al Qassemi The World Bank lists the Arab Gulf states as among the most generous aid donors , he says They are also home to the Arab world 's most influential news stations , writes Al Qassemi Gulf tourism is thriving , he says , and the Gulf states ' influence is growing
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Even though House Republicans are now wisely folding their tents , their disarray this week over extending a payroll tax cut has left a sour taste at year 's end in Washington , contributing in no small part to an even bigger political story : the resurrection of President Obama and his fellow Democrats heading toward the 2012 elections . After the debt ceiling debacle of last summer , the conventional wisdom among many political analysts was that Obama would go the way of President Jimmy Carter , that Republicans would lose a few seats in the House but retain control , and that the GOP would surge into power in the Senate . In short , Republicans were looking for a clean sweep . Who believes that now ? Obama is still highly vulnerable and could lose , but the CNN poll coming out of the field this week reveals a remarkable turnaround , especially in the past month . In a mid-November survey , when asked which candidate they were more likely to support , registered voters gave Mitt Romney a lead of 4 percentage points over Obama , 51 % to 47 % . The mid-December survey found an 11-point switch ; Obama now has a 52 % -45 % edge over Romney . Against Newt Gingrich , Obama has a 16-point lead , 56 % -40 % .  Ironically , the one Republican candidate who does as well against Obama as Romney is Rep Ron Paul , trailing by the same 52 % -45 % margin . It is too early to tell how much Democratic prospects for the Senate and House have improved , but senior Republicans are worried . John King pointed out one straw in the wind Wednesday night on CNN 's "  AC360 . " : the Massachusetts Senate race , where a poll has shown Democratic populist Elizabeth Warren grabbing an unexpected lead over Republican populist Scott Brown . Only a few months ago , the Brown forces were supremely confident . Brown has seen how much danger the payroll tax mess can pose for his re-election and was one of the first to condemn House Republicans for rejecting a Senate compromise that had overwhelming , bipartisan support . For Brown and other GOP candidates in blue and purple states , the hard-liners in the House are playing directly into a narrative that Democrats have been promoting for months : that Washington is broken because the GOP has become hostage to the tea party . With sentiment toward the tea party now running 49 % -33 % unfavorable in CNN polling , that is potent stuff . The truth about the breakdown in Washington is much more complicated  Democrats deserve ample blame , too  , but Republican congressional leaders have so mishandled the payroll tax issue that they have made it easy for the charge to stick . As The Wall Street Journal said in its scathing editorial , the GOP has also strengthened Obama 's arguments that he is more on the side of middle-class taxpayers than Republicans are . No wonder the White House is quietly chortling and senior Republicans like GOP leader Mitch McConnell pressed hard for House Republicans to cave on the payroll tax cut . There are two other major forces at work that have been lifting Democratic hopes . One is the quality of the Republican presidential race . With less than two weeks left before the Iowa caucuses , as The Boston Globe reports Thursday , it is apparent that no one has captured the imagination of GOP voters . We are back to where we started : a sense the field is weak and people wondering whether a Jeb Bush or a Chris Christie will get off the sidelines . All primary campaigns draw candidates toward the extreme end of their parties , but this year , with so many debates , there has been a danger all along for Republicans that moderates and independents would also be driven off .  In the CNN poll , moderates now give Obama a sizable lead against every GOP candidate . The other force driving the change in outlook is Obama himself . What he does best , as we have learned , is campaign . In domestic affairs , he has been far better at that than governing . He and his team apparently made a decision after the debt ceiling fight that he should be much less involved in leading Washington and instead hit the campaign trail . From my perspective , that 's not good for the country -- witness how appallingly little has been accomplished this fall on jobs and the deficits -- but it seems to be working for his re-election . None of this is to say that Obama and Democrats have become clear favorites for next fall . The fluidity we have seen among Republican primary voters may well show up in the general electorate . As Romney has been arguing , the GOP is likely to close its ranks more fully once a nominee has been crowned . The improving tone of the economy -- also a factor for Obama -- could well be short-lived : As The New York Times reported Thursday , economists tend to think that growth could slow again next year . And that dark cloud called the euro zone is still hovering . Even so , we are witnessing an important change in the political landscape -- and it could be lasting . Republicans well remember the mid-1990s when they seized power in Congress and Speaker Newt Gingrich went mano-a-mano with President Bill Clinton . For a while , Gingrich had the upper hand , but Clinton then outmaneuvered him on two governmental shutdowns -- and when the momentum turned in Clinton 's favor , he rode it to an easy re-election . No one should doubt that could happen again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : The payroll tax cut extension squabble is helping Obama , Democrats He cites CNN poll showing higher approval , stronger matchups for Obama vs. GOP Also hurting GOP is concern that its presidential field is weak , Gergen says Gergen : Obama has proven to be stronger at campaigning than governing
CNN  -- Colombia 's president renewed calls for rebels to release a French journalist "  as soon as possible " Monday as online statements purportedly from leftist guerrillas provided details about his capture . "  I am very pleased to know that the French journalist is in good condition . Now that the  Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  have acknowledged that they have him , I call for them to release him as soon as possible , " President Juan Manuel Santos said . He said Colombian officials will do whatever they can to guarantee journalist Romeo Langlois ' release by the rebel group , commonly known as the FARC . "  The Colombian government is willing to provide all the facilities so the release occurs as quickly as possible , but if you really want to be viewed well by the world , release him now and simply tell us where he is and we will go get him , " Santos said during a state visit to Singapore . Langlois , who works for the France 24 television network and is a war reporter with more than 10 years experience in the country , was reporting alongside soldiers when the rebel group attacked on April 28 , the Colombian government has said . The attack took place in the southern Caqueta province as soldiers worked to destroy cocaine labs . The Colombian president 's comments Monday came as several apparent statements from the rebel group surfaced online . One statement , dated May 3 and published Sunday on a blog connected with a news agency that often publishes official statements from the FARC , criticized Langlois for wearing a military uniform and claimed that any journalists embedded with Colombian troops have been painting a biased picture . "  Romeo Langlois was wearing a military uniform of the Army in the middle of a fight . We think that the least that should be expected for the recuperation of his free mobility is the opening of a broad national and international debate about freedom of information , " said the statement , which the New Colombian News Agency described as an official press release from the FARC . The Colombian government and military officials have said that Langlois was not wearing a full military uniform , but was wearing a helmet and a protective vest . In a YouTube video posted over the weekend , a man in military fatigues claiming to be a local FARC commander described Langlois as a "  prisoner of war " and also said Langlois had been "  uniformed as a soldier and captured in plain combat . " In that statement , the purported FARC commander said Langlois was "  lightly wounded in one arm . He has been given the necessary medical attention and is out of danger . " Another comment posted on Twitter Sunday and purporting to be from the rebel group said Langlois would be released soon "  safe and sound . " CNN could not independently confirm that the statements came from the FARC rebels , whose official website is no longer accessible . The leftist guerrillas have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s , and are known for holding prisoners and hostages in remote jungle camps . The statement in the YouTube video appeared to echo a statement that a woman claiming to belong to the FARC read to a group of local journalists last week . Reporters Without Borders , an international press freedom group , cited the Twitter comment in a statement Monday , saying it was "  cautiously confident that he will be freed very soon . " "  It is absurd that the guerrillas consider him a combatant and in the same sense a prisoner of war . What a combatant does is armed , and Romeo Langlois never had a weapon in this circumstance , and for that very reason holding him is absurd , " said Ignacio Gomez , director of the Bogota-based Free Press Foundation . France 24 reported last month that its editors were working with authorities in Colombia and France to gather information on the journalist . "  We know that it 's a difficult region , " said Nahida Nakad , editorial director of Audiovisuel Exterieur de la France , of which France 24 is a part , the television network reported . "  Of course we are very worried , but we have every confidence in Romeo , who knows the territory very well and is an experienced journalist . We hope that he is safe and sound , and we are in constant contact with his family . " Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of the rebel group . Dramatic rescues , escapes and hostage handovers have revealed harsh conditions in jungle camps , including stories of prisoners chained to trees , grueling marches between hideouts , torrential rain and blistering sun . While severely weakened in recent years , the rebels have continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . Last month , the FARC released a group of 10 members of the military and police that it said were its last government hostages . In February , the FARC also said it would stop kidnapping civilians for money . The rebels did not address the fate of its civilian captives then , nor did it renounce kidnapping for political purposes . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Esprit Smith in Atlanta and journalist Jorge Asdrubal Garcia Romero in Bogota contributed to this report .	Officials say Romeo Langlois has been missing since an April 28 rebel attack Colombia 's president calls on rebels to free the reporter "  and simply tell us where he is " Several statements surface online discussing his capture , purportedly from the rebels Reporters Without Borders says it is "  cautiously confident that he will be freed very soon "
RollingStone.com  -- There was no shortage of drama on Alanis Morissette 's debut , "  Jagged Little Pill . " So much so that the singer is expanding her 1995 LP into a Broadway musical that will encompass all the songs on the album , as well as other tracks from her catalog and new original tunes she will compose for the stage . Tony and Pulitzer winner Tom Kitt , who worked on Green Day 's "  American Idiot " musical , will provide orchestration and arrangements for the musical , also called "  Jagged Little Pill , " and Broadway veteran Vivek J. Tiwary will produce the musical with Arvind Ethan David . "  Jagged Little Pill " is expected to debut as a workshop production next year . Where does ` Jagged Little Pill ' rank on our best albums of the '90s list ? "  I look forward to taking the heart of ` Jagged Little Pill ' and expanding its story , fleshing it out into ever deeper layers of emotionality , specificity , humanity , power , physicality , spirit and fabulism , " Morissette said in announcing the musical . "  I look forward to collaborating with Vivek and Tom and our whole inspiring team to create something greater than the sum of our parts . " In album form , "  Jagged Little Pill " has sold more than 33 million copies worldwide , peaking at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart . Morissette won a Grammy for Album of the Year for "  Jagged Little Pill , " which remains the best-selling debut by a female artist in the U.S. and was the highest-selling album of the '90s . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Alanis Morissette 's "  Jagged Little Pill " is being expanded into a musical The 1995 LP will debut as a workshop production next year In album form , "  Jagged Little Pill " has sold more than 33 million copies worldwide
CNN Student News  -- October 13 , 2009 Quick Guide Nobel Prize for Economics - Hear how one professor made history by winning the Nobel Economics Prize . European Trip - Learn why Secretary of State Clinton is talking up the U.S.-U.K. relationship . South Africa 2010 - Find out how South Africa is preparing for its time in the soccer spotlight . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : What 's in a name ? We 're to find out the answer for one couple in today 's edition of CNN Student News . From the CNN Center in Atlanta , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Pakistan AZUZ : Pakistan . The country is a partner with the U.S. in the War on Terror . It 's also dealing with terrorist attacks inside its own borders . That point made clear in yet another violent assault yesterday . Government officials say an explosion in the country 's Swat Valley , that 's in the northern part of Pakistan , killed at least 40 people and wounded at least 45 more . The blast took place at a security checkpoint . Authorities say the target was a military vehicle . Taliban forces took control of the Swat Valley earlier this year , leading to a number of intense clashes with the Pakistani military . Monday 's attack was the latest in a string of violence in the country , including a 22-hour standoff over the weekend when militants took hostages at an army base . Health Care Debate AZUZ : Back here in the U.S. , everyone watching the debate over health care reform has their attention focused on the Senate Finance Committee today . That is because the group is voting on a health care bill . This is the last committee vote before the issue moves to the full House and Senate . The bill that the Senate Finance Committee is considering is referred to as the Baucus Plan , named for Sen. Max Baucus , who heads up the committee . It 's a 10-year plan that would cost the government $ 829 billion . But a new report says that American families would have to pay a hefty price as well . America 's Health Insurance Plans says under the Baucus Bill , the amount that families pay for health care would go up 111 percent by 2019 . The group says that under the current system , costs would go up 79 percent . A White House spokesman says the report is inaccurate and self-serving . He points out that it was created by the insurance industry , which he calls one of the biggest opponents of health insurance reform . Is this Legit ? BRENDAN GAGE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? There is a Nobel Prize for economics . Legit ! The award for economics was created in 1968 , adding to the existing Nobel Prizes for physics , chemistry , medicine , literature and peace . Nobel Prize for Economics AZUZ : In the 40 years since the Nobel Prize for Economics was established , the winners had all been men . That changed yesterday , when Elinor Ostrom was named one of the recipients of this year 's award . The other winner is Oliver Williamson . They 're both experts in how the economy and businesses are regulated . Ostrom told reporters that when she first decided to pursue a post graduate degree , she was told that no major university would even think of hiring a woman . She 's proof times have changed . PROF. ELINOR OSTROM , NOBEL ECONOMICS PRIZE LAUREATE : I think we 're entering a new , we 've already entered , a new era , and we recognize that women have the capabilities of doing great scientific work . And yes , I appreciate that this is an honor to be the first woman , but I wo n't be the last . Recession Over ? AZUZ : Sticking with financial news , more than 80 percent of the country 's top economists believe the recession is over . That 's based on a survey done by the National Association for Business Economics . However , most economists think it could take months before there 's any kind of serious improvement in terms of the housing market or job losses . The unemployment rate is expected to hit 10 percent between now and the end of the year , and to stay at that level through the first three months of 2010 . European Trip AZUZ : And looking overseas , that is where you 'll find Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . She 's on a six-day trip to parts of Europe and Russia , addressing issues like arms control , health care and some long-running conflicts . Jill Dougherty checks in from a stop in the UK , where Sec . Clinton was focused on the relationship between the U.S. and one of its closest allies . BEGIN VIDEO JILL DOUGHERTY , CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. Were the handshakes with the foreign secretary a little firmer ? The smiles broader ? The hugs and kisses with the prime minister warmer than usual ? It seemed that way , as Hillary Clinton put America and Great Britain 's "  special relationship " on display . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : It is a special relationship . I have a special , personal relationship with the prime minister , and of course I think it ca n't be said often enough we have a special relationship between our countries . DOUGHERTY : Her mission : calm concerns in London that the Obama administration 's relationship with the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown may be cooling . But on a range of international issues , there 's no daylight between the two countries . CLINTON : Decisions about the future of Iran are up to the Iranian people . But we will continue to speak out on behalf of human rights , on behalf of democracy , on behalf of freedom of expression , DAVID MILIBAND , UK FOREIGN MINISTER : Our insistence that it is not for us to choose the government of Iran is clear . But also , our insistence that it is right to stand up for human rights around the world , for universal values , is also very clear . DOUGHERTY : At Sec . Clinton 's next stops here in Dublin and then in Belfast , she highlighted another aspect of the special relationship : the Northern Ireland peace process . CLINTON : Many people who are despairing over the prospects of peace look to Northern Ireland . They think to themselves that if it could be done there , then perhaps we too have a chance to try to cross that border between conflict and peace and chart a different future for ourselves and our children . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is the world 's most popular sport ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Baseball , B  Soccer , C  Basketball or D  Cricket ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The most popular sport in the world is soccer . Ai n't that a kick ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! South Africa 2010 AZUZ : And next June , the soccer world will be focused on South Africa when that country hosts the World Cup . Imagine if the Super Bowl included teams from around the world and only happened once every four years . That gives you an idea of how huge the World Cup is . Robyn Curnow shows us how South Africa is preparing for the soccer spotlight . BEGIN VIDEO ROBYN CURNOW , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Watered and protected from the hot South African sun , these are the first green shoots growing on the pitch where the opening game of the World Cup will kick off in June next year . Stadiums across the country will be ready by early next year , say FIFA officials , who with clipboards in hand , have just inspected of all the match venues . So , while all of these stadiums are on track to be completed ahead of time , despite workers downing tools and going on strike a few months ago , there still is a lot more work to be done to ensure FIFA is satisfied . JOSEPH BLATTER , FIFA PRESIDENT : For the time being , let us be with 7.5 . CURNOW : That 's the score FIFA President Joseph Blatter gave South Africa for the Confederations Cup played here in July , and which was seen as a test case for the South Africans . FIFA and South Africa are all too aware of where the problems were and where they remain . DANNY JORDAAN , LOCAL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE : The areas we have been focusing on are accommodation , transportation and security . Those were the three key areas . CURNOW : The organizing committee here concedes if there are big matches at small town stadiums , like this one in Rustenberg , there simply will not be enough places for fans to sleep . JORDAAN : Some of the host cities wo n't have sufficient beds , and therefore it means that we 'll have to go outside those host cities . CURNOW : Also , transport remains a headache . The system is haphazard , irregular and often unsafe . A new bus transit system in Johannesburg has started running , but its routes are limited . Other towns have little or no organized transport systems . Getting from host city to host city , most fans will have to rely on South Africa 's well-developed air network . The Johannesburg airport will be open 24 hours , and much has been spent on upgrading its facilities , including managing and protecting the estimated 40,000 pieces of luggage expected through here a day . SBU NDEBELE , TRANSPORT MINISTER : If we had World Cup in December , we would be already on top of the situation . We are ready . CURNOW : Police say they will also be ready to protect 500,000 fans traveling here next year . Robyn Curnow , CNN , Johannesburg , South Africa . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , if you love your name so much , why do n't you marry it ? Ok ! We 'd like to introduce you to Kelly Hildrebrandt and her fiance , Kelly Hildebrandt . The couple met online when Kelly -- the female Kelly -- searched for her own name , and Kelly -- the male Kelly -- was the only person who came up . Coincidence led to courtship , and now the two are getting married . Call it fate , call it karma ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... or if you want to confuse them , just call the house and ask for Kelly . That 's the best we 've got . Commercial-free news is the name of the game , and we 'll be back with more tomorrow . See you then .	Hear how one professor made history by winning the Nobel Economics Prize Learn why Secretary of State Clinton is talking up the U.S.-U.K. relationship Find out how South Africa is preparing for its time in the soccer spotlight
CNN  -- For centuries , the Vatican has required celibacy from its priests . It is a vow the Catholic Church says not only underscores the commitment of seminarians to their vocation but also is a model of Christ 's own celibacy . But with the election of a new pope , many church watchers are wondering whether church teachings could change to allow all priests to marry . Abuse victims ' group names preferred picks for new pope Currently , the Vatican allows married Anglican priests who join the Catholic Church to become ordained as priests . Young Catholic seminarians , meanwhile , must remain celibate , and church leadership seems unlikely to move on the issue . New York Cardinal Timothy Dolan told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that while changes to church law on celibacy might be discussed , it is unlikely to change soon . "  It startles me sometimes  when people  say why does n't the church talk about married priests , " he said . "  I think we talk about it ; I ca n't get my hair cut without my barber asking me about it .  But  I do n't think there would be that kind of change . "  For a pope , the mission statement is to conserve in the best sense of the word ... preserve the spiritual patrimony of the church , the timeless teaching that 's taught to us from Jesus to his apostles through 2,000 years of the Church . "  Now that does n't mean he might not change the way it 's presented . " Follow the CNN Belief Blog on Twitter For the Vatican , the debate on celibacy is nothing new ; it has been going on in various forms since the Reformation of the 16th century -- but the past 50 years has put new pressures on the priesthood . The Vatican reaffirmed its commitment to continuing the practice at the height of the social and sexual revolution of the 1960s . In 1967 , Pope Paul VI , who charted the Catholic Church through the difficult shoals of the cultural upheavals of the 1960s , published an encyclical , or open letter to the church , entitled Sacerdotalis Caelibatus  Latin for "  Of the celibate priesthood "  . In it , he outlined the reasons for keeping the tradition of celibacy a part of church teaching : it was a superior way of achieving grace , it freed priests from familial obligations in order to devote themselves to God , it mirrored heaven as a place without marriage . Smoke signals : How is a new pope elected ? "  In any case , the church of the West can not weaken her faithful observance of her own tradition , " Pope Paul VI wrote at the time . Britain 's most senior Roman Catholic , Cardinal Keith O'Brien , told the BBC in February that many priests struggle to cope with celibacy and should be able to marry and have a family . Just three days later he was forced to resign over allegations of a 30-year-old sex scandal with seminarians in his charge . O'Brien later admitted his conduct had "  fallen below the standards " expected of a priest . "  I 'd be very happy if others had the opportunity of considering whether or not they could or should be married . It 's a free world and I realize many priests have found it very difficult to cope with celibacy as they lived out their priesthood , and felt the need of a companion , of a woman , to whom they could get married and raise a family , " he told the British news agency . O'Brien is not the first or the highest ranked Catholic to question the tradition of priestly celibacy . In 1993 , at a weekly audience , even Pope John Paul II said celibacy did "  not belong to the essence of the priesthood . " Even so , he qualified this , saying there was "  no doubt about its suitability and indeed its appropriateness to the demands of sacred orders . " Celibacy in the Catholic Church is a law , not a doctrine , and can be changed by the pope at any time . Despite this , Pope Benedict XVI made it clear during his tenure that the traditional practice was unlikely to change . The Rev. Joseph Fessio , founder and editor of the U.S.-based conservative Catholic publishing house Ignatius Press , told Boston 's The Good Catholic Life radio in February that while celibacy is a discipline and not a dogma , it made it no less an important part of the Catholic Church . "  People say celibacy is only a discipline , but it 's not only a discipline , " he told the radio program . "  It 's something the church in its wisdom for 2000 years has recognized as a closer , more exact , more profound following of the example Jesus set us . " CNN 's Belief Blog : The faith angles behind the biggest stories In the meantime , the arguments against celibacy have been mounting . Opponents argue that Jesus did not require celibacy from his apostles , that sexual repression has led to the sex abuse scandals currently racking the church and that celibacy has been responsible for the dwindling numbers of young men taking up the vocation . Sister Chris Schenk of the Ohio-based Catholic reform movement Futurechurch believes that celibacy should be made optional . "  Around the world there is a severe shortage of Catholic priests and over 50,000 churches have no pastor , " she said . "  While the number of Catholics is rising , the number of priests is in decline -- mandatory celibacy can deter quality candidates from entering the priesthood . "  According to the Vatican yearbook , between 1975 and 2010 the world 's Catholics increased by 59 % from 709.6 million to 1.96 billion , but the number of priests increased only 1.8 % . "  In 1975 there were 404,783 priests worldwide compared with 412,000 now . Forty-six percent of the world 's priests are in Europe but only 24 % of Catholics live there ... and the number is diminishing . " It seems her view may be supported by a majority of American Catholics . According to a survey of American Catholics by the Pew Research Center taken after Pope Benedict announced his resignation , 58 % of congregants favored allowing priests to marry . Even so , the figures showed the divisive nature of the debate : Of those who attend Mass regularly , only 46 % supported marriage for priests while 66 % of those who attended less regularly supported marriage . What 's in a name ? Clues to be found in next pope 's moniker One former seminarian , who did not want to be named because he is still active in the church and not authorized to speak publicly , told CNN the vow of chastity was one of the chief reasons he dropped out of the vocation . "  I had strong issues with celibacy and , at that time , wanted the freedom to get married and did n't know why there could be Lutheran pastors that led perfectly normal family lives and also ran their congregations . "  I certainly understood the celibate side to priesthood and had a certain respect for it -- strangely I still do -- but I just felt that you should be given options . " He said the diocesan college he attended in the United States -- a type of minor seminary -- was designed to prepare students for their commitments at major seminaries if they decided to continue their studies . "  They were obviously making changes from the middle of the century -- in the '30s , '40s and '50s - when the seminaries were packed full , but probably after the whole peace revolution and the sexual revolution guys obviously started having a lot of second thoughts , " he said . He said he saw little evidence of the kind of sexual abuses that have recently come to light and derailed the Catholic Church . "  When you 're young , growing up in a big , serious Catholic family - and I went to a Catholic grade school , I was essentially raised , socialized and educated by nuns and priests - that has a very deep impact especially if they 're good role models . "  I never had any sleazy nuns or priests when I was growing up , at least none that I knew about , " he said . "  When you 've got such good role models , both nuns and priests , who are celibate , that makes a big mark on you . " Possible papal contenders	Celibacy in the Catholic priesthood still a contentious issue Vatican says the vow underscores a priest 's commitment to his vocation Opponents say celibacy should be optional , citing low seminary numbers Speculation strong about whether a new pope will keep the discipline of celibacy
CNN  -- With a crop of political movies in the Oscar running , this weekend Hollywood is looking more like Poliwood . Best Picture contenders such as "  Argo , " "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  Lincoln " have managed to pay off at the box office even as they brought politics and history to the big screen -- proof that we 'll take smart over stupid as long as we 're entertained while educated . But what 's really notable about these films is that for the most part they avoid hagiography . They dare to show complexity . This does n't mean indulging in moral relativism ; evil exists and these films acknowledge it . But the human dimension is kept intact rather , with characters not divided into simply angels versus devils . The real tradeoffs behind difficult decisions are acknowledged , consistent with the idea that the truth is never pure and rarely simple . In "  Argo , " the CIA agents are far from James Bond clones . Suited up in 1970s regalia , Ben Affleck 's disheveled character is separated from his wife and child . He quaffs wine and chows down on McDonald 's , and is outclassed by Hollywood producers cooperating in the creation of the fake film that provides cover for an escape of embassy personnel from Iran . The film does n't blink at the brutal mob mentality of revolutionary Islamist radicals , but it also takes time to explain the vicious cycle that began when the CIA helped topple and democratically elected Mohammed Mossaddegh and replaced him with the shah . The Carter White House is depicted as well-intentioned and principled but not exactly a crackerjack All-Star Team . Likewise , the Navy SEALs who kill Osama bin Laden in "  Zero Dark Thirty " are disciplined in their work but not portrayed as anything resembling perfect in their personal lives . The lead CIA agent , Maya , played by Jessica Chastain , is a mess outside the narrow confines of her work . She is obsessive , bullying and intolerant but sharply intelligent . Her initial moral qualms over torture are quickly replaced by a cold determination to do whatever it takes . Obeidallah : Oscars do n't matter But perhaps the best example of this human realism this Oscar season is Daniel Day-Lewis ' definitive film portrayal of President Abraham Lincoln . He is not portrayed as a stovepipe-hat-wearing saint , but a prairie politician -- a flawed man and a wounded giant . He wrestles with depression , slaps his eldest son and yells at his wife when she overindulges in histrionics over the death of a younger son . Lewis ' Lincoln buoys his darker moods by telling meandering jokes that amuse him more than the listeners , infuriating his secretary of war , Edwin Stanton , in the process . He is thought to be a fool by some and a despot by others . But above all , he is skilled in the art of power and strategic in its deployment . Lincoln stretches the limits of law and ethics to cobble together enough votes for the passage of the 13th Amendment . Congressmen are bribed and cajoled with the promise of lucrative new jobs . Threats are made and some principles abandoned in the cause of building a broader coalition . Lincoln lies to Congress about the status of secret peace talks with the Confederacy . He alone , at times , keeps in mind the larger goal of bending history toward justice , against the cruel backdrop of escalating body counts . The best metaphor for the movie 's more realistic viewpoint is Lincoln 's voice . It has often been described by biographers as high-pitched with a Kentucky accent , and this was difficult to reconcile with the grave baritone we associate with the man reading the Gettysburg Address . But Daniel Day-Lewis did the research like Alan Lomax on a field recording and he came back with a voice that matches the biographical descriptions -- hard to imagine but instantly recognizable when finally heard . This Lincoln takes the risk of authenticity and takes the man off his pedestal , becoming somehow bigger for it . And that 's a healthy trend for movies overall . Opinion : With Lincoln , a new frontier for Day-Lewis Lastly , one the Academy missed : In an unjustly Oscar-ignored presidential portrayal , Bill Murray channeled FDR in "  Hyde Park on Hudson , " showing the four-term president as a charming man in need . Buoyant amid stormy weather , Murray 's FDR is comfortable with maintaining multiple layers of deceit with those closest to him . This is capped off by intermingling romantic affairs that occasionally explode out into the open . It 's a reminder that great and good can be very different qualities , doled out in different amounts at different times , sometimes within the same person . The lesson ? You do n't have to be perfect to be a hero . And imperfections can actually add to heroism by virtue of authenticity . Hollywood 's new take on politics and history invigorates because it does not hero-worship or whitewash . By risking realism , exposing flaws as well as moments of greatness , the inspiration of these characters becomes more accessible to us all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : A new take on politics and realism in this year 's Oscar crop . Call it "  Poliwood " He says in "  Argo , " "  Zero Dark Thirty , " "  Lincoln , " films show nuance , humanity in characters Day-Lewis , Avlon says particularly , shows Lincoln as a flawed political animal Avlon : You do n't need to be perfect to be a hero . Authenticity can add to heroism
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court is scheduled to tackle some key cases in its 2014-15 term , which starts Monday . More than three dozen appeals are currently on the docket . Perhaps three dozen more are expected to be added in coming months . The caseload for the term is usually settled by February , with the term effectively ending in late June . Other important appeals that may yet be added cover such issues as same-sex marriage , affirmative action , abortion rights and further litigation over President Obama 's health care reform law . Cases already on the Supreme Court docket : FREE SPEECH : Elonis v. United States AT ISSUE : The limits of policing "  speech crimes " in the Internet age , especially laws aimed at protecting those harassed or bullied online . What is the level of proof needed to convict someone of making criminal threats ? THE CASE : Anthony Elonis was convicted in federal court for threatening language in Facebook posts aimed at his estranged wife , judges and law enforcement . Some were expressed as rap lyrics , which Elonis said were "  therapeutic " for dealing with emotional pain . But prosecutors said he crossed a dangerous free speech line . THE ARGUMENTS : Elonis ' lawyers argue that the government did not prove that his statements showed a "  subjective intent to threaten , " based on Supreme Court precedent . But the Justice Department replied that his online comments were serious in nature , not a case of "  careless talk , exaggeration , something said in a joking manner or an outburst of transitory anger . " THE IMPACT : A ruling here could have broader implications for free speech amid the explosion of popular and often anonymous social media . Are sites like Twitter in the same category as more conventional news links , and are general threats made online different from those made in person ? RELIGIOUS FREEDOM : Holt v. Hobbs AT ISSUE : An inmate wants to grow a  1/2 - inch beard in accordance with his beliefs , citing rights under the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act . THE CASE : Gregory Holt , also known as Abdul Maalik Muhammad , is a Muslim who filed a handwritten petition with the court . Arkansas prison policy allows only a "  neatly trimmed mustache . " THE ARGUMENTS : Corrections officials say beards can hide contraband and make it hard to identify prisoners , so such security concerns deserve deference from courts . But Holt 's lawyers -- backed by the Obama administration -- say that a less restrictive policy should be adopted . THE IMPACT : Holt has the support of both civil liberties and religious freedom groups , who have often been traditional foes . Last term , the justices ruled that some for-profit companies whose owners expressed strong Christian beliefs had a First Amendment right to oppose Obamacare health mandates providing contraception coverage for their workers . EXECUTIVE POWER : Zivotofsky v. Kerry AT ISSUE : The constitutionality of a federal statute that explicitly directs the secretary of state how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a Consular Report of Birth Abroad and on a passport . Does the law impermissibly infringe on the President 's power to recognize a foreign nation ? THE CASE : Thirteen-year-old Menachem Zivotofsky is a U.S. citizen , and his parents want his birthplace listed as "  Jerusalem , Israel , " but U.S. diplomatic officials said they could use only "  Jerusalem . " The status of the holy city remains in dispute , and U.S. policy is reflected in the fact that it does not currently recognize any country as having sovereignty over the region . THE ARGUMENTS : The justices three years ago allowed the lawsuit by the family to proceed . It is not the first time Congress and the White House have clashed over the holy city , which both Israelis and Palestinians consider their capital : The U.S. Embassy remains in Tel Aviv , over U.S. lawmakers ' objections . THE IMPACT : This dispute may be fact-specific , but the federal government is thinking of the bigger political and diplomatic picture . State Department officials would not comment on the record in a pending case , but President Barack Obama has acknowledged that the stalled peace process has created divisions in that region and in the United States . WORKPLACE DISCRIMINATION : Young v. United Parcel Service AT ISSUE : The duty of employers to provide workplace accommodations under the federal Pregnancy Discrimination Act . THE CASE : Expectant mother Peggy Young 's request for a "  light duty " assignment from her regular work as a truck driver was denied , even though the company allegedly had done so for other workers temporarily unable to perform their functions . Young , who worked in suburban Washington , then had to take unpaid leave , with a subsequent loss of medical benefits . THE ARGUMENTS : The company and Young focus on two different readings of the act and whether UPS ' "  pregnancy-blind " policy on the ability to work protects it from liability . THE IMPACT : The ruling could add significantly to the evolving canon of judicial oversight over job discrimination claims . Cases that may be added to the Supreme Court docket in coming months : SAME-SEX MARRIAGE : Various pending appeals from state officials in Utah , Oklahoma , Virginia , Indiana and Wisconsin AT ISSUE : Whether state bans on the ability of gays and lesbians to legally wed violate the Constitution 's equal protection guarantees . THE CASE : Thirty-one states do not allow same-sex marriage . Legal , political and social momentum favoring the right has accelerated in the past year after the Supreme Court in a peripheral case struck down part of a congressional law that recognized marriage for federal purposes as between only one man and one woman . THE ARGUMENTS : Gay rights groups say the bans are discriminatory and single out homosexuals for disparate treatment . But many states say that the voters -- not the courts -- should decide such matters and that traditional marriage encourages opposite-sex couples to raise children in a stable family unit . THE IMPACT : A final ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court would be a landmark on many social levels . The justices could historically alter how marriage is treated under a legal framework , potentially striking down every current same-sex marriage ban . Or they could leave the current patchwork of state laws in place , allowing state legislatures to sort it all out , for now . ABORTION RIGHTS : Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas Surgical Health Services v. Abbott AT ISSUE : A challenge to a Texas law that requires doctors to get admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of a clinic where they are providing abortion services . THE CASE : Other states have adopted similar laws , and lower courts have issued conflicting rulings . THE ARGUMENTS : Abortion-rights supporters say the provision is unconstitutionally restrictive and has forced more than a third of centers that had provided abortions in Texas to close . State officials , including Gov. Rick Perry , have said the law ensures that clinics are no operating under "  dangerous conditions . " THE IMPACT : Another part of the Texas law is also being reviewed by a federal appeals court : the requirement that abortions be provided in only walk-in hospital-type surgical centers , which could force closure of many smaller women 's health clinics . 11 other states have similar restrictions . If the case is accepted for review , the justices will again tackle one of the most contentious social issues . AFFIRMATIVE ACTION : Fisher v. University of Texas AT ISSUE : A renewed challenge to the school 's race-conscious admissions policies . THE CASE : Abigail Noel Fisher individually sued the flagship state university after her college application was rejected in 2008 when she a high senior in Sugar Land , Texas . Fisher claims that she was turned away because she is white . The school defends its policy of considering race as one of many factors -- such as test scores , community service , leadership and work experience -- designed to create a diverse campus . THE ARGUMENTS : The high court first heard this case two years ago , issuing a ruling with no clear winner . The justices affirmed the limited use of race in the admissions process but made it somewhat harder for institutions to apply such policies to achieve diversity . The case went back to a federal appeals court for further scrutiny , which decided in the school 's favor in July . THE IMPACT : The Fisher dispute will now probably be reviewed once again by the Supreme Court in coming months , with the potential for a definitive 21st-century ruling . The issue of race and education offers vexing questions of competition , fairness and demographics -- and what role government should play when promoting political and social diversity .	The court will hear cases involving rappers , UPS drivers and Muslim prisoners with beards It is not yet clear if they will take up the hot button issue of same sex marriage The court 's 2014-2015 term gets underway Monday
CNN  If someone told you that your city had started a program providing clean needles to injecting drug users , would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself ? The answer , of course , would be no . Yet for decades , many have stood by the belief that such programs , known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs , promote and encourage drug use . Indeed , for Congress , it became the rationale behind a ban implemented in 1988 that prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs . But an overwhelming body of scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true . As a result of the recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in rural Indiana and Kentucky , the controversial topic of syringe exchange programs has come to the fore again . And this time , scientific evidence and sound public health practices prevailed as both states authorized the implementation of syringe exchange programs to help curb the spread of these two blood-borne diseases that can be spread by contaminated syringes . This is a welcome step -- an estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year , and some 8 % are among injection drug users . Meanwhile , between 2006 and 2012 , at least 30 states experienced increases in hepatitis C infection rates , with more than half reporting at least a 200 % increase in acute infections among young adults . Overall , the prevalence of acute hepatitis C among people under 30 rose from 36 % to 49 % in six years . With such numbers in mind , the recent national spotlight on syringe services programs offers a critical opportunity for us to reignite a much-needed conversation . Dozens of studies have demonstrated conclusively how effective syringe services programs have been in the fight against HIV and hepatitis C transmission among injection drug users by reducing the reuse and sharing of dirty syringes -- without increasing drug use . In addition to helping curb the spread of these diseases by offering access to sterile syringes , these programs promote public health and safety by taking syringes off the streets and protecting law enforcement personnel and others , including children , from injuries . They also offer preventive health services , such as HIV testing and counseling , and form vital bridges to drug treatment , overdose prevention , housing and employment services . For states such as New York and Washington -- early adopters of these interventions -- syringe services programs have played a crucial role in driving down HIV transmission among injecting drug users . Washington was the first state in the United States to implement an syringe exchange when it opened a syringe services program in Tacoma in 1988 . In New York City -- where half of all injection drug users were HIV positive in the 1980s -- state lawmakers authorized syringe exchange in 1992 to combat the disease , deeming it a "  public health necessity . " The expansion of these programs in New York was followed by a dramatic reduction in HIV incidence among injecting drug users , declining from 54 % in 1990 to 13 % in 2001 ; hepatitis C prevalence declined from 90 % to 63 % during this period . Because they work , syringe services programs will likely be an integral part of the statewide plans announced by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Washington Gov. Jay Inslee to reduce new HIV infections dramatically by 2020 . Syringe exchange programs not only save lives , but also save millions of dollars in HIV treatment costs . While a clean syringe costs less than 50 cents , the average lifetime cost of treating an HIV-positive person is estimated to be around $ 425,000 . As HIV-positive injection drug users report higher levels of unemployment and homelessness , public programs such as Medicaid will ultimately become responsible for the expensive treatment costs . For example , an analysis by Johns Hopkins University researchers showed that expanding the availability of syringe services programs to cover just 10 % of all injections in the United States would prevent almost 500 new HIV infections among drug users per year . This translates into $ 193 million in savings reaped from averted treatment costs after an estimated $ 64 million investment . In other words , every dollar spent on syringe exchange saves between $ 3 and $ 7 in HIV treatment costs alone . Despite such evidence , syringe services programs are continually caught in the political crossfire . A longstanding ban , temporarily lifted in 2009 and then reinstated by Congress as part of 2010 budget negotiations , prevents state and local jurisdictions from spending their federal health dollars on these programs . Lifting the ban will not cost any additional money -- it simply allows states to spend their federally allocated dollars on syringe services programs , if they choose to do so . Why is this important ? The federal government provides the majority of funding for all HIV prevention services . Without access to federal funding , more than 200 syringe service programs in 34 states , Washington , D.C. , and Puerto Rico are operating on shoestring budgets from local and state governments . This has forced syringe services programs across the country to cut staff , scale down services and potentially shut their doors for good . Meanwhile , the new HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in primarily rural states , such as in Indiana or Kentucky , show that the landscape of injection drug use in America is rapidly changing . We have a chance right now to get ahead of the curve and avert a nationwide resurgence of HIV and hepatitis C infections through injection drug use . It is time for Congress to make sound and effective policy based upon facts rather than discredited assertions or unsubstantiated fears .	An estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV each year , CDC says Kevin Robert Frost : Syringe exchange programs save millions in HIV treatment costs
CNN  -- If you have a fever , headache and runny nose , you might go to Google and type the words "  flu symptoms " to see whether you 've come down with influenza . Google Flu Trends provides a map of influenza activity in the U.S. at www.google.org/flutrends . Google knows that you might do something like that , and it also knows which U.S. state you 're in . Now , it 's putting that information together in a tool that Google says could detect flu outbreaks faster than traditional systems currently in use . Google 's new public health initiative , Google Flu Trends , looks at the relative popularity of a slew of flu-related search terms to determine where in the U.S. flu outbreaks may be occurring . "  What 's exciting about Flu Trends is that it lets anybody -- epidemiologists , health officials , moms with sick children -- learn about the current flu activity level in their own state based on data that 's coming in this week , " said Jeremy Ginsberg , the lead engineer who developed the site . The tool , which launched Tuesday , operates on the idea that there 's likely to be a flu outbreak in states where flu-related search terms are currently popular . Watch CNN.com 's Elizabeth Landau explain how Google Flu Trends works " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention collaborated with Google on the project , helping validate and refine the model , and has provided flu tracking data over a five-year period , said Dr. Joseph Bresee , chief of the epidemiology and prevention branch in the CDC 's influenza division . Although it does n't replace the need for real viral surveillance data , Flu Trends is a good model , and the CDC looks forward to testing it this flu season , Bresee said . "  We really are excited about the future of using different technologies , including technology like this , in trying to figure out if there 's better ways to do surveillance for outbreaks of influenza or any other diseases in the United States , " he said . "  In theory at least , this idea can be used for any disease and any health problem . " Researchers found a tight correlation between the relative popularity of flu-related search terms and CDC 's surveillance data , Ginsberg said . In the 2007-08 flu season , Google accurately estimated current flu levels one to two weeks faster than published CDC reports in each of the nine U.S. surveillance regions , Google said in a statement . Test your knowledge of cold and flu " Traditionally , influenza surveillance has involved physicians ' reports of patients with flu-like symptoms , lab reports of influenza from nasal and throat swabs , and death certificates . Only that kind of analysis will detect the spread of influenza strains not covered by the flu vaccine , information that search engine information does not reflect , experts say . Read more about who should get vaccinated " But there has been concern that influenza surveillance systems in place are not fast enough , and the new tool could be useful for the basic purpose of quickly detecting outbreaks , said Dr. Randall Stafford , associate professor of medicine at Stanford University 's Prevention Research Center , who was not involved in the project . "  Sacrificing accuracy may not necessarily carry a big penalty if you 're able to predict increasing flu incidence as well as the other systems , and do it more rapidly , " he said . Still , there are limitations , Bresee said . The tool may miss cases of influenza spreading among elderly people , because they are less likely to use the Internet than younger people , Stafford said . He also noted that many people who search for flu-related terms have viral infections that are not actually influenza . Google has also taken into account that people sometimes look for flu-related terms in response to certain news headlines and do not actually have the flu , Ginsberg said . The tool looks for terms that , for example , reflect searches by a person who has chest congestion or wants to buy a thermometer , he said . Flu Trends may also help doctors make diagnoses , Ginsberg said . "  I would be very hesitant to diagnose influenza at this point in the year , but if the tool tells me influenza in California is really increasing dramatically , I might be more likely or willing to diagnose , " Stafford said . Influenza is responsible for more than 500,000 deaths worldwide each year , according to the World Health Organization . Flu Trends can not be used to identify individual users , the company statement said . The search engine relies on aggregated counts , made anonymous , of how often certain search terms occur each week . But every computer connected to the Internet has its own internet protocol address , or IP address , which reveals its location to Google . Software engineers and public health experts at Google.org , the company 's philanthropic arm , collaborated on the project , Ginsberg said . The search engine giant turned 10 years old this year . The overall flu activity in the U.S. is low , although a few states -- such as Hawaii , Arkansas , Mississippi , Kentucky , Delaware and Maine -- have "  moderate " activity , according to Google 's map , based on data current through Monday . "  There 's no question that testing for virus in blood is the only way to get the most information , but having this sort of information earlier does make sense , " Stafford said .	Google Flu Trends may predict flu outbreaks up to two weeks faster than CDC Tool takes into account that not everyone who searches for flu-related words has it Individual users can not be identified , but Google knows which U.S. state you 're in
CNN  -- A few days ago , controversy erupted when news broke that Google and other online advertising companies bypassed privacy protections in order to track users of Apple 's Safari web browser and iOS mobile devices . This is not the first time , nor likely the last time , that Google finds itself in hot water for questionable behavior . At a time when many companies  notably Facebook  try to come up with ingenious ways to hoard personal data about consumers for lucrative ends -- undermining users ' privacy along the way -- Google 's actions reflect what is becoming the norm in this hypercompetitive space . Many compare tailored Internet advertising to the old small-town butcher , grocer and tailor . As relationships with these merchants developed over time , they learned about your preferences and were able to provide you with a higher level of service . But this is a broken analogy , for several reasons . I grew up in a small town , and guess what -- you have no privacy in a small town . It was n't until I moved to a large city that I developed an appreciation for not being judged , spied upon and tracked by my community . When I moved to the city , I had a clean slate and something akin to true anonymity . Similarly , the companies tracking your every move on the Web do n't stop tracking when you visit a new website , or even when you change Internet providers , computers or browsers . In the nondigital world , this would be like having the butcher , grocer and tailor follow you to your workplace , your home and your family vacation destination . They bring along their children and some of their friends -- not saying who , just people they know . This might result in the perfect cut of meat for your mood , a recommendation for spring vegetables that just came in , and some really awesome workout clothes for your new Pilates classes -- but I do n't think any of us would really find this an acceptable tradeoff . Google knows too much about you Google stopped using the offending technique after it was reported , although Microsoft is now reporting that Google is using a similar technique to bypass protections in Internet Explorer 9 . Google said it had circumvented the protections against third-party cookies in Safari to allow Google + users to click " +1 "  instantly share  when they like an advertisement . That this technique allowed advertising tracking cookies to be placed as a result was just an accident . Google further defends itself by saying the trackers were not collecting personal information . They were simply checking whether you were logged in to Google and what your preferences were with regard to its advertising . The problem is that , as a result of this circumvention , Google 's ad networks were also able to start tracking users -- an unintentional side effect , according to Google . Therein lies the problem . Google and other advertising networks chose to circumvent built-in privacy technologies that were designed to prevent the very thing they were trying to do . Google 's own engineers recognized this as a security flaw in the browser code last summer and submitted a fix to the Webkit project . It is hard to understand how this mistake could have happened , considering the intense scrutiny Google 's privacy policy has received in recent weeks . Clearly the testing of this code was either cursory or nonexistent . I choose to use Gmail , but that does n't mean I expect Google to undo other privacy choices I 've made in order to make social sharing more convenient . Google is heading in a direction that sounds a lot like Facebook 's frictionless sharing , which automatically shares your activities on the Web through social apps -- and that 's scary . The bottom line is that defining privacy using technical specifications will always lead to clever circumventions . Is n't it time to take a page from the laws meant to restrict our digital freedoms and use that broad language to instead write laws that defend our privacy ? In the United States , the Digital Millennium Copyright Act restricts our ability to break digital locks like copy protection and encryption . It is illegal to bypass a "  technological measure that effectively controls access to a work . " Basically , this means if the author of a protected work intended to protect it , you must have a darn good reason to break that protection . Should n't this be the way privacy works ? If I take an action that indicates my intention to avoid being tracked , should n't you be required to honor it , even if you suppose it will diminish my "  experience " with your products ? Jonathan Mayer , the researcher who described how these cookies exploited the Safari bug , concluded his disclosure by calling privacy protections a "  cat and mouse game " or "  arms race " with advertising companies . Average Americans should n't have to stay one step ahead of advertisers by understanding the complexities of how cookies work and the intimate details of how they are used . Perhaps we should take a piece of advice from Howard Beale from the movie "  Network " : "  I want you to get up right now , sit up , go to your windows , open them and stick your head out and yell -- ` I 'm as mad as hell and I 'm not going to take this any more ! ' Things have got to change . But first , you 've got ta get mad ! " Privacy is n't dead , it 's just being pulled out from under our feet . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chester Wisniewski .	Google and other companies bypassed privacy protections to track users Chester Wisniewski : Google 's actions reflect what is becoming the norm on the Internet He says Google is emulating Facebook 's frictionless sharing , which is scary Wisniewski : We can look to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act for a smart law on privacy
She told stories , flirted outrageously with boys and was constantly changing her hairstyle . Anne Frank hid with her family in a secret room at her father Otto Frank 's office in Amsterdam . It could be the description of almost any young girl growing up in Europe . But this is how Eva Schloss remembers her childhood friend Anne Frank , who had she not died in a Nazi concentration camp , would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week . Schloss described Frank , whose account of hiding from Jewish persecution in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books , as a spunky young schoolgirl with a passion for storytelling that often got her into trouble . "  She got her diary in 1942 , so obviously her father knew she was interested in writing and I know she told stories , " said Schloss . "  She talked a lot and she was called Mrs Quack Quack . Very often she used to write hundreds of lines -LSB- at school -RSB- of ` I 'm not going to talk so much , ' and so on -- but obviously she had a lot to tell . " In some ways the two friends lived parallel lives -- but tragically they had very different outcomes . Watch more about Schloss ' story " Schloss and Frank both came from Jewish families who fled to Holland to escape the wave of anti-Semitism spreading across Europe as the Nazis rose to power in Germany ahead of the Second World War . But while Schloss was more of an introvert , Frank loved the limelight . Schloss said : "  I was actually quite shy and she was the center of attention . We had steps where we sat , and she had a crowd of children around her . "  She was a big flirt -- she loved boys . She was always showing us who was her boyfriend at that particular time . She was always interested in her clothes . Her style , she always changed it . Sometimes she had curls , then she had straight hair . " Schloss says they were unaware of the full scale of what was going on around them as war escalated across Europe , placing their lives in increasing jeopardy . "  Our parents really protected us so there was no talk about the horrendous things which happened . "  You could n't go out anymore after 8 o'clock , but for a 11 to 12 year old it did n't matter so much . Or not going to the cinema -- we were upset about those little things which we could n't do , but we really did n't really take it seriously at that time . " Like Frank , Schloss was also forced into hiding when the Nazis took control of Holland . Frank hid with her family in a secret room at her father Otto Frank 's office . But Schloss and her family had to split up . Schloss stayed with her mother while her father and brother hid elsewhere . She and her mother moved around , staying in seven different hiding places over a two-year period . Eventually both families were betrayed and were sent to concentration camps , where Frank died at the age of 15 . Schloss said : "  My father and brother were betrayed by a Dutch nurse who was a double agent , and all four of us were arrested and taken to the headquarters to be interrogated . "  I did n't know anything , which was a good thing . So eventually they realized this and they gave up torturing me . Within two days we were put on a transport to Auschwitz . " Of her family , only Schloss and her mother survived Auschwitz , one of the most notorious concentration camps , located in southern Poland . Today Schloss , who has just celebrated her own 80th birthday , has a husband , three daughters and five grandchildren . Schloss says it took her decades to rebuild her life , with the help of Frank 's father Otto , who also survived incarceration in a concentration camp . She met Otto in August 1945 , when he showed her Frank 's diary . Schloss said : "  He read a few passages but he always burst into tears . It took me 20 years . I was really unhappy , but it was Otto who came to our apartment to talk to us , and he helped me a lot . He had lost everybody . "  Her book , she -LSB- Frank -RSB- made people aware of what happened . There are many messages . She believed in the goodness of mankind . "  People always ask me , what she would have done . I guess we will never know . But I guess she would have gone into politics -- she was a fighter . It 's a pity , but also -- maybe her diary would have never been published . " CNN 's Don Riddell contributed to this story .	Anne Frank would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week Frank , 15 , died at Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland Her diary is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books Like Frank , Eva Schloss and her family fled from Nazi persecution of the Jews
CNN  -- Relief teams dug through rose gardens at the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles Sunday , looking for more than 70 army officers still missing -- and presumed killed -- after a deadly uprising by paramilitary forces last week . Bangladeshi firefighters continued to uncover bodies Friday of Bangladesh Rifles officers from a mass grave . By late Saturday night , 72 bodies had been found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside the compound of the Rifles , or BDR , in the capital city , Dhaka , the Home Ministry said . Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers , shot or stabbed to death . Another six were Rifles troops , or jawans . The rest of the bodies were too damaged for immediate identification , the ministry said . But four days since the rebellion , grieving family members keeping vigil outside the headquarters were losing hope of seeing their loved ones alive again . Some men quietly recited verses from the Quran , Islam 's holy book , or counted prayer beads . Several women howled in despair and collapsed hopelessly on the pavement . Sympathy for the mutineers has dried up , a Bangladeshi journalist said . "  The first day of the incident , Bangladeshis were for the BDR . They thought they had legitimate concerns of army officer corruption and denial of basic necessities to them , " said Ashraf Kaiser , host of the television show , "  Road to Democracy . " "  But from the second day , when we started getting news of missing officers and seeing pictures of one body after another being pulled out , the perception changed , " he said . One can see the shift in the media coverage of the mutiny , he said . "  What was being called Pilkhana revolt or rebellion " -- named after the area of the city where the BDR compounds are located -- "  is now being dubbed the Pilkhana massacre . " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina initially earned high marks for persuading the jawans to surrender in exchange for amnesty . But now she finds herself in a delicate balancing act : trying to appease an army that demands the killers , who stubbed out the lives of so many of its officers , be punished . She met for hours Sunday with the army 's top officials , and made several concessions . A committee the Home Ministry set up to investigate the mutiny will be shuffled to include more members from the army 's ranks . She has also backtracked from her promise of amnesty . Killers will face trial , she said , and ordered jawans to return to their posts or report to police stations by the end of the day Sunday . Hundreds of jawans lined up at a field outside the Pilkhana headquarters , insisting to reporters they fled the compound during the rebellion . They kissed their loved ones as they waited , assuring wives and fathers they were innocent but asking for their prayers . The fear of a military take-over is a pervasive one in Bangladesh . The country has experienced a series of coup since its independence in 1971 , including one that killed Hasina 's father -- the country 's independence leader . The current government itself came to power in December , after two years of an army-backed rule . "  Hasina has her responsibility to keep peace and tranquility and so she did what she did , " said Aneeqa Khan , a student who lives not far from the BDR headquarters . "  And you ca n't fault the army from reacting . They lost so many people . " The military did its part to allay fears of retaliation . "  I believe if exemplary punishment is meted out to the people involved directly or indirectly in the mutiny , it will help pacify the anger among our officers and soldiers , " Brig. Gen. Mahmud Hossain told reporters . The standoff started Wednesday when BDR troops rebelled against their commanders . The BDR is a paramilitary force distinct from the army , but its commanders are career army officers . The Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troops from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . Discontent had been bubbling for years in the ranks of the BDR , who complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and their requests to participate in United Nations peacekeeping operations -- which pay far more than what they make at home . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors are the largest troop contributors to U.N. peacekeeping operations . During the stand-off , dozens of officers were killed . Some bodies were dumped in mass graves . Others were tossed in sewers that emptied into the Buriganga River , where they floated for miles before being retrieved .	72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside Rifles ' compound Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers Standoff started Wednesday when Rifles troops rebelled against commanders More than 160 were inside Bangladesh Rifles headquarters when mutiny erupted
CNN  -- So there he was , sitting on the queen 's bed , wearing a soiled T-shirt and jeans , holding a broken ashtray and bleeding from a cut on his hand : A man named Michael Fagan , who was 31 at the time , had climbed a wall of Buckingham Palace , crawled through an open window and made his way to the bedroom of Queen Elizabeth II , who was sleeping . When she awakened to find the guy sitting there staring at her , it is fair to surmise that she was not pleased . Especially when Fagan asked her if she had a spare cigarette . This happened on July 9 , 1982 , generating international headlines , and only because the queen survived unharmed does it read like a comedy of errors . The errors were plentiful , including the queen 's repeated attempts to summon help , at first to no avail . But now , 30 years later , during the celebration of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in London this week , it is instructive to recall the monarch 's rude awakening by the bleeding intruder who was in search of a smoke . We assume that the handful of people at the absolute pinnacle of life -- the queen being the lead example -- have the means and the staffs and the security teams to insulate themselves from indignities that mere mortals have to put up with . Analysis : Why Queen Elizabeth 's jubilee celebrations matter to Brits And , most of the time , they do . But when there are breaches of presumed privacy , boy , does it cause a commotion . Follow CNN 's live jubilee blog We do n't have to go back in history to look for instances of this . Just consider what Pope Benedict XVI is thinking right now in the wake of the news that his butler , Paolo Gabriele , has been arrested , accused of having the pope 's confidential documents in his home . The investigation is still playing out in Rome , but if the allegations prove true and it turns out that Gabriele , one of the few people who had access to the pope 's living quarters , including the pope 's desk , lifted the information , then the pope will know with certainty that even with his rarified position , he ca n't count on personal privacy behind the guarded walls of the Vatican . In the United States , President Ronald Reagan , after an assassination attempt on a Washington sidewalk in the second month of his first term , was assured that efforts would be redoubled to make certain no one who wished to hurt him would be able to get that close again . Nancy Reagan was said to be especially adamant that her husband be kept out of harm 's way . So it was almost beyond belief one afternoon in April 1992 when Reagan , out of office but still being protected by the Secret Service , was in Las Vegas to receive an award and was accosted right onstage . Reagan had just been given the award -- a 2-foot-high crystal statue of an eagle -- when a man named Richard Paul Springer , 41 , walked through the ring of security around the former president and onto the stage , grabbed the crystal eagle , smashed it forcefully to the floor  with Reagan being struck by the flying glass  , and commandeered the microphone . Reagan was hustled offstage by the Secret Service , and Springer , too , was hauled away . But there was widespread incredulity that someone could get past all the federal , local and private security that is always on hand for an appearance by a president or former president . Some breaches are more comical than frightening . Elvis Presley was famously kept away from the gazes and grasping hands of his admirers when he was not performing . His privacy at home was especially important to him . But his old friends and employees sometimes tell the story of what happened when a crate arrived at his home with ventilation holes punched into it . The delivery service said that fans had sent him , as a gift , a top-pedigree dog . So , according to the story , the crate was carted into the house , and was opened . Out climbed two young women . They were escorted off the property . The persistence of those who infringe upon the privacy of the exalted can be astonishing . It turned out that Michael Fagan , the queen 's uninvited visitor , had managed to sneak into Buckingham Palace a month earlier and had helped himself to a bottle of wine . For that he was charged with theft -- but was not charged criminally for the subsequent trespass that took him to her sleeping quarters , because at the time it was considered a civil violation . And Squeaky Fromme , sent to prison for a failed assassination attempt on President Gerald Ford in 1975 , wrote to him while she was incarcerated -- a letter described as "  strange " by Ford . She was able to reach the president once he had left office -- the letter made it to his home , and he read it -- even while she was locked away from society . The oddity of these encounters that happen when the personal space of the most protected people on the planet is violated -- the bizarreness of the moments when they are reminded that nothing in life is guaranteed -- can be both mesmerizing and haunting . Just ask Queen Elizabeth , in the unlikely event you ever get close enough . But you probably should n't ask her for a cigarette .	Bob Greene : In 1982 a man got past everyone at Buckingham palace into the queen 's bedroom It made headlines , showing that even the protective bubble of the exalted is not airtight Other breaches -- the Pope 's butler , Reagan 's stage crasher -- show this , he says Greene : Bizarre incursions are mesmerizing and show life has no guarantees
Washington  CNN  John Boehner and his allies scrambled to lock down support for his reelection as Speaker on Tuesday morning as the small army of conservative lawmakers promising to vote against him continued to expand . A senior House GOP leadership source tells CNN that Boehner is reaching out to members to urge support as they try to stave off the coup attempt . Voting was underway Tuesday afternoon with several Republicans already voting for people other than Boehner . Bad weather and the funeral proceedings for former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , however , made conservatives ' challenge tougher as the two incidents combined ensured some lawmakers would n't make the vote . With fewer lawmakers voting , conservatives will need more Boehner opponents to force the vote to a second ballot . Conservative call for Boehner coup grows louder Still , Monday morning conservatives were optimistic as more prominent members in their ranks came out opposed to the Speaker . Rep. Justin Amash , one of the original dozen that opposed Boehner for speaker in 2013 , said in a Facebook post that while "  Speaker Boehner has given his best to our conference ... it 's time for Republicans to change our leadership . " Incoming Rep. Curt Clawson , via tweet ; South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan , via Facebook ; and Kansas Rep. Tim Huelskamp , via tweet , also joined the 10 lawmakers that announced their opposition to Boehner over the weekend and into Monday . Conservatives say they 've locked down at least a dozen and as many as 15 certain no-votes , with more expected when the vote happens Tuesday afternoon . Florida Rep. Ted Yoho , who is just starting his second term in the House , is one of the conservatives collaborating to spark a second round of voting , and has offered him up as an alternative to the Ohio Republican , along with Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert . While Boehner 's allies have said they are confident a second vote wo n't happen , about a dozen Republicans have indicated publicly they will vote against Boehner . "  We 're at over a dozen right now and you 're going to see more people get on and decide not to vote for the current leadership , " Yoho said Tuesday on CNN 's New Day . "  It 's time for new leadership . " Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas is also throwing his name into the running to overthrow Boehner . Yoho painted his challenge to the establishment leadership as a "  vote against the status quo " and a rebuke of Boehner 's leadership , which Yoho and his allies have called weak , short-sighted and eschewing regular order in favor of cobbled compromise . Yoho insisted his message is resounding with other Republicans . "  We announced on Saturday that we were going to throw my name in the hat and you 've seen a groundswell , a grassroots movement of people saying , ` You know what , I appreciate you offering us an alternative because I 'm tired of the status quo , ' " Yoho said . "  It 's either a vote for the status quo or for a new direction for the Republican Party . " But they admit the public nature of the vote could cause all the opposition to fall apart at the final moments , and they 're not yet predicting victory . Another test for John Boehner	Yoho said he has more than a dozen votes and more will vote against Boehner on Tuesday At least 29 Republicans need to vote against Boehner for voting to head into a second round Yoho painted his challenge as a rebuke of the status quo leadership
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia 's president fired the country 's defense minister Tuesday after his office became embroiled in a controversy involving alleged corrupt property deals , state media reported . Anatoly Serdyukov , a former businessman , had been in charge of the Defense Ministry since early 2007 . Putin appointed Sergey Shoigu , a former Emergencies Minister , as the new head of defense , according to Russia 's state-owned channel RT. . Shoigu , who 's been serving as governor of the Moscow region since the summer , was well regarded in his role at the helm of the Emergencies Ministry , the channel said . Russia 's Investigation Committee has filed a court case against a company affiliated to the Defense Ministry , Oboronservis , over the sale of ministry properties , according to RT. . Two suspects , Yekaterina Smetanova and her partner Maksim Zakutailo , are accused of aiding illegal sales . Another suspect , Yevgeniya Vasilyeva , is thought to be a former protege of Serdyukov , RT said . The scandal , which must be embarrassing for the Kremlin , concerns real estate scams involving nearly $ 100 million , according to state-owned news agency RIA Novosti . "  Given the situation that has developed around the Ministry of Defense , in order to create the conditions for an objective investigation of all the issues , I have decided to free the Minister of Defense Serdyukov from office , " Putin is quoted as saying by RT. . Russia 's large military is in the midst of a much-needed modernization program . Putin urged Shoigu to push forward with the reforms , according to RT , saying he "  must continue further dynamic development of the army to ensure the fulfillment of the state arms order and the immense plans of re-equipment of the army . " The appointment of Shoigu , a general , in place of Serdyukov , who was Russia 's first civilian defense minister , may please senior military figures who 've been unsettled by sometimes painful reforms . The modernization program was ordered after Russia 's invasion of the former Soviet republic of Georgia in 2008 revealed unexpected weaknesses in its armed forces . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov is sacked as a scandal embroils his ministry -- state media Sergey Shoigu , a former Emergencies Minister , is the newly appointed head of defense Putin said he was sacking Serdyukov to ensure an objective investigation , state media report Russia 's large military is in the midst of a much-needed modernization program
CNN  -- Eight mass graves were uncovered in northeastern Mexico Wednesday , holding at least 59 bodies , the Tamaulipas state attorney general 's office said . Authorities found the graves during an investigation into a report of the kidnapping of passengers from a bus in late March . The investigation led them to the town of San Fernando , the same place where in August of last year the bodies of 72 immigrants were found at a ranch . This time , authorities arrested 11 suspects and rescued five hostages , the state attorney general 's office said . They also discovered the eight mass graves . There were 11 bodies found in the first six graves , 43 bodies in the seventh , and five in the eighth , the agency said . Forensic investigators will examine the bodies in an attempt to identify them and to see if they are the missing bus passengers . Tamaulipas Gov. Egidio Torre Cantu condemned the violence , and said he would collaborate with federal authorities to locate and punish those responsible . "  These reprehensible acts underline the cowardice and the total lack of scruples of the criminal organizations , which generate violence in our country , and especially in the state of Tamaulipas , " the office of Mexican President Felipe Calderon said in a statement . Read about a deadly four-day stretch in another part of Mexico Amnesty International also called on Mexico to fully investigate , and it criticized the country 's efforts to protect its citizens and migrants passing through . "  The mass graves found yesterday once again show the Mexican government 's failure to deal with the country 's public security crisis and reduce criminal violence which has left many populations vulnerable to attacks , abductions and killings , " said Rupert Knox , a researcher on Mexico at Amnesty International . "  All too often such human rights crimes have gone unpunished , leaving criminal gangs and officials acting in collusion with them free to target vulnerable communities , such as irregular migrants . " The nationalities of the victims found in the mass graves were not immediately known . Tamaulipas is one of Mexico 's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking activity . The Gulf cartel and the Zetas cartel both operate in the state and have strongholds there . The Zetas have been blamed for the killings of the 72 migrants who were found in San Fernando last year .	Authorities discover eight mass graves in northern Mexico At least 59 bodies were recovered The local governor and the president of Mexico condemned the violence
CNN  -- A New Jersey law enforcement officer is charged with murder after police say he shot a man in an apparent road rage incident in Maryland , according to authorities . Joseph Walker , a sworn officer of the Hudson County prosecutor 's office , is accused of fatally shooting a motorist Saturday during an altercation off of Maryland 's Route 3 . The preliminary investigation suggests that two vehicles came to a stop on an exit ramp after a previous altercation . One of the drivers , Joseph Harvey Jr. , and a passenger then exited their vehicle and walked toward Walker 's , according to a news release from Maryland State Police . Walker , 40 , allegedly fired a .45 caliber Glock at Harvey and struck him . Harvey , 36 , died of his wounds Saturday night at Baltimore Washington Medical Center . Elena Russo , spokeswoman for the Maryland State Police , told CNN affiliate WJZ that Walker 's wife and three children were in his vehicle at the time of the shooting . Hudson County prosecutor 's office spokesman Gene Rubino says his office is aware of the fatal shooting involving one of its detectives , who was off-duty and traveling in Maryland with his wife and children . Rubino refused to comment further . It is unclear whether Walker has an attorney . Walker is facing second-degree murder and manslaughter charges . He is being held on a $ 1 million bond , Maryland State Police said .	Joseph Walker , a New Jersey detective , is charged with second-degree murder Maryland State Police say he fatally shot driver Joseph Harvey Jr. , after an altercation Walker 's wife , kids were with him during the apparent road-rage incident , police say
CNN  -- The business-flying elite will soon be able to cruise the skies in even more comfort as one of the world 's leading aircraft manufacturers unveils its latest VIP cabin fittings . Boeing has taken delivery of the first Boeing Business jet  BBJ  fitted with the new Aeroloft . Boeing said of the nine Aeroloft-modified BBJ aircrafts that have been sold to date , all are for destined for undisclosed head-of-state customers . Designed by Washington-based company Greenpoint Technologies , the Aeroloft provides an additional 36.5 meters of cabin space in a VIP-configured BBJ 787-8 . The new cabin design sits above the main deck of the aircraft between the upper deck and tail . Christine Hadley , manager of sales and marketing at Greenpoint Technologies said : "  The Aeroloft was developed to accommodate customer driven requirements for the Boeing 747-8 aircraft . Boeing cleared this ` overhead ' area and customers desired a solution for optimal passenger space utilization . " Exhausted business leaders can change into less formal attire before recharging their batteries in one of the eight private , luxurious sleeping quarters or sitting back in the adjacent lounge . BBJ president , captain Steve Taylor said : We 're certain all the BBJ 747-8 customers receiving the Aeroloft will be thrilled with this unique and comfortable space . " Taylor and BBJ chief pilot , captain Rene Gonzalez are flying the newly-fitted plane to Lufthansa Technik in Hamburg , Germany where more VIP interior elements are to be added for the first customer . Boeing is scheduled to deliver another two BBJ 787-8s this year . But high-flyers of the corporate world should n't rejoice just yet . The BBJ 747-8 is a large aircraft and after all the luxurious trimmings have been added , figures released by Boeing show the modified plane will have a price tag of around $ 500 million .	Boeing take delivery of Aeroloft-fitted Boeing Business Jet Modified BBJ 747-8 has eight private sleeping areas To date , all purchases made by undisclosed head-of-state customers
CNN  -- Aliens have taken over London and the invasion is gathering pace . First it was YouTube clips , then appearances with the mayor . Now they 're on the shelves of every corner shop and immortalized in statues across the city . Or at least that 's how visitors to the Olympics might imagine the futuristic , one-eyed creatures plastered on everything from key rings to double-decker buses . They are of course London 2012 's Olympic and Paralympic mascots -- Wenlock and Mandeville . And with the Games just days away you 'd better get used to seeing a whole lot more of that giant eyeball . With their metallic bodies , built-in cameras and sci-fi genetics , it 's an ambitious design aimed at the digital age . But does it work ? Are these otherworldly creatures the cutting edge of design or just plain creepy ? Described as everything from "  a drunken one-night stand between a Teletubby and a Dalek , " to having "  just the right balance of digital zeitgeist and cheeky playfulness , " it seems people still are n't quite sure what to make of London 2012 's mascots . Cute and cuddly they ai n't Waldi the Daschund set the standard for cute and cuddly animals as the first mascot at the 1972 Munich Games . Likewise Moscow opted for the adorable , if unimaginative , Mishka the Bear in 1980 . The Olympic mascot has always been aimed at children -- and the wallets of their parents . But it 's also an embodiment of the host city 's personality and a lasting legacy of its Games . Driving all of this is a massive merchandise operation . Sure , Wenlock and Mandeville need to look good -- but they also need to sell . LOCOG are hoping to make # 80 million  $ 124 million  from merchandise sales alone . "  I think they started as a pretty ambitious pair with real potential to be used across a new medium -- social media . But I do n't think they 've pulled it off completely , " Mark Sinclair , deputy editor of London design magazine , Creative Review , told CNN . "  I do n't think people have been able to warm to them because they 're kind of severe looking with this massive eye . Maybe that 's what 's alienated people because they ca n't quite get a handle on what they are . "  They 're missing a little bit of soul . " 4 billions reasons to watch the Olympics Right . So what are they ? But maybe that 's just the response from an "  older , stuffier generation , " as Wenlock and Mandeville co-designer Grant Hunter told CNN . The pair were designed by marketing agency Iris and named after the Shropshire town of Much Wenlock , which helped inspire Pierre de Coubertin to launch the modern Olympics , and the Buckinghamshire village of Stoke Mandeville , where the Paralympics were founded . Supposedly created out of magical droplets of steel left over from the Olympic Stadium , every element of their design is laden with symbolism . The taxi lights on their heads refer to London 's black cabs and their origins from a steel melting pot are likened to multicultural Britain . Their distinctive giant eyes even have built-in cameras to record their experiences . Though in a country with one of the highest number of CCTV cameras in the world , this particular symbolism may be a little too close to home . The children 's mascot But perhaps the most important critic is the children they were created for . "  The brief stated , ` Inspire young people to get involved with sport . ' We judge the success by the response of young people to our creations , " Hunter said . "  If you look at sites like the BBC 's CBBC you 'll see the overwhelming positive feedback that Wenlock and Mandeville have received . When you have eight-year-olds saying how cool they look and they want them to visit their school , we know we 've done our job . " Mechanical objects are no less endearing than wide-eyed animals , Hunter argues , pointing to the success of Disney 's Wall-E . As nine-year-old Sunil said on the CBBC website : "  I think the mascots are really cool because they look like amazing robots . " 10 strangest Olympic sports Sinister spoofs Some adults are n't so convinced . When Wenlock figurines dressed in police uniforms appeared on Amazon , quick-witted reviewers saw it as an opportunity to deride the "  creepy " toy . "  I bought this product amidst my keenness for the Games of the XXX Olympiad , " one reviewer posted . "  However when it arrived it knocked down the door in a raid , pinned me down and falsely arrested me for conspiring a bomb plot for mass murder during this summer 's sporting events . " With the army being called in to help boost security amid the G4S crisis , and residents complaining about anti-terror missiles on their rooftops , there 's already been a huge focus on London 's perceived heavy-handedness in the buildup to the Games . It 's an unfortunate context for Wenlock and Mandeville , as Sinclair jokes : "  Seeing that eye you 're reminded you 're on your best behavior , looking over your shoulder to make sure you 're not wearing a Nike t-shirt in the venue . " Twitter Olympics Regardless of your opinion on their design , there 's no denying Wenlock and Mandeville 's impressive social media credentials . As momentum builds around the first "  Twitter Olympics , " London 's mascots are well equipped with their own Twitter accounts , Facebook pages , YouTube clips and interactive website . "  We felt that previous mascots had been one-dimensional and had followed a predictable path . We knew that to connect with young people we had to create characters designed for the digital age , " Hunter said . How history remembers them is yet to be seen . What readers think about the mascots	Introducing Wenlock and Mandeville : London 2012 's Olympic poster-creatures "  Digital age " mascots feature giant eyes , metallic finish and sci-fi genetics Are they the cutting edge of design or just plain creepy ? Product launch sparks spoof reviews on Amazon of sinister toys taking over
CNN  -- Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was involved in an "  altercation with another inmate " at the Bristol County House of Correction and Jail in Massachusetts , a county sheriff 's department spokesman said Wednesday . Hernandez , 24 , who is being held on first-degree murder and weapons charges in the shooting death last year of his friend Odin Lloyd , had the altercation with an unidentified inmate Tuesday , said Bernie Sullivan , a spokesman for the Bristol County Sheriff 's Office . Neither man was seriously injured . Sullivan said the incident was under investigation . Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson told CNN that jail officials will be looking at how the two came into contact because "  no more than one inmate is supposed to be out at a time " in the unit where Hernandez is housed . Hernandez 's lawyer could not be reached for comment . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to the murder charge . Authorities have said that Hernandez and two other men picked up Lloyd from his Boston apartment in a rental car shortly before he was found shot to death on June 17 . Surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and Hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later , according to authorities . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Authorities investigate jailhouse fight between Aaron Hernandez , another inmate Neither man was seriously injured in the altercation Former NFL star is being held on a first-degree murder charge in death of Odin Lloyd
The heavily armed militants stormed the girls dormitory in the middle of the night , herding more than 200 students on to vehicles and burning down nearby buildings as they made their escape . That was a week ago Monday . Of the 230 students abducted from the Government Girls Secondary School in the Nigerian town of Chibok , about 190 are still missing , one official said . The number of girls taken from the school has been revised by officials several times , and on Monday , CNN spoke with Principal Asabe Kwambura , who said a new figure of at least 230 was determined after reviewing records and taking reports from parents . Isa Umar Gusau , a spokesman for the Borno provincial governor 's office , put the number at 234 -- 129 science students and 105 art students . He said in a written statement that the confusion resulted because the art students did n't leave campus as expected on the day of the attack . The head of the dormitory initially did n't count them among the missing . No one knows where the missing girls are . And even more surprising , no one 's particularly shocked . "  All the community are sympathizing with the parents , " Kwambura told CNN earlier . But , she said , "  the people in the villages are not surprised . " Such is life in the lawless Borno province . Tucked away near the border with Cameroon , with phone services cut off and travel strongly discouraged , this poor corner of Nigeria is no stranger to such brazen , violent acts . For 11 months , the provinces of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa have been under a state of emergency due to relentless assaults blamed on Boko Haram . The Islamist militant group has bombed churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- says it wants to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation . The group has gone about its misguided mission with such depressing regularity that residents have become somewhat numb . Where 's the president ? Nigerians marvel that U.S. President Barack Obama traveled to Massachusetts after the Boston Marathon bombings that killed three people last year . Boko Haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of this year alone . And yet , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has not visited the region recently . Part of it may have to do with geographic divisions . Jonathan is from the predominantly Christian south . That 's not just geographically distant but also culturally different from the Muslim-dominated , violence-wracked north . To put things in perspective , none of Jonathan 's major political rivals from the north attended his inauguration in 2011 . And widespread violence broke out in the north when his presidential win was announced , with some residents claiming the election was rigged . It 's the opposite of what happened with Jonathan 's predecessor . The previous president , Umaru Yar ` Adua , was from the north . During his tenure , violence ravaged the country 's oil-rich , southern Niger Delta , with militant groups saying they wanted a fairer distribution of the region 's oil wealth . Where 's the military ? The Nigerian military has been engaged in a brutal , ever-escalating fight with Boko Haram . Rights group accuse both sides of ruthlessness -- Boko Haram of indiscriminate attacks , and the military of extrajudicial killings . But when it comes to the abductions of girls -- and there have been many -- the military has had a difficult time . Last week , the defense ministry erroneously reported that all but eight of the girls from the latest kidnapping were free . It retracted a day later . Lawan Zanna , the father of one of the students , said the government turned from using "  blatant propaganda " to making a "  blatant lie . " Part of the reason the military is loath to respond mightily may be because the girls who are kidnapped are raped , forced into servitude -- but rarely killed . In February , 29 college students in the northern Yobe province were killed after an attack authorities blamed on Boko Haram . All of them were males . The women were spared . In other instances , kidnapped girls were later rescued while working on farms . Many were pregnant or had babies -- the result of rape . The spate of kidnappings began in May 2013 when Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau announced in a video that this was part of its latest bloody campaign . The kidnappings , he said , were retaliation for Nigerian security forces nabbing the wives and children of group members . Those kidnapped , he said , would begin a new life as a "  servant . " But the latest incident has ratcheted up the pressure on the military . The military said "  ongoing , frantic efforts " of security forces , vigilante groups and hunters are attempting to find and free the students . But a week later , the fate of 190 girls remain unknown .	Officials revise total number of girls kidnapped to at least 230 This poor corner of Nigeria is no stranger to such brazen , violent acts Boko Haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of 2014 The latest incident has ratcheted up pressure on the military
CNN  -- Rescue teams on Friday found the wreckage of a plane that crashed Thursday night in the mountains of Venezuela , but none of the 46 people aboard survived , a searcher said . "  The impact was direct . The aircraft is practically pulverized , " firefighter Jhonny Paz told Globovision , a privately owned Venezuelan television station . "  There are no survivors . " There was no word on the cause of the crash . Witnesses saw the Santa Barbara Airlines plane go down , according to Antonio Rivero , Venezuela 's national director of civil protection . Harsh weather and rough terrain in the Andes Mountains likely will make the job of emergency workers difficult , Rivero said on a state-run television station . The plane went missing while flying from Merida to the international airport near Caracas , an official said . The pilot did not check in with controllers 20 minutes into the flight , as scheduled , suggesting the plane encountered problems shortly after takeoff . Nelson Marquez , chief of civil defense for Merida , said the plane was carrying 43 passengers and three crew members . Media reports said the Santa Barbara Airlines plane was supposed to land about 7 p.m. local time Thursday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Guillermo Arduino and Adrian Criscaut contributed to this report .	NEW : Searcher says plane "  practically pulverized " in Venezuela mountains Plane with 46 people on board crashes in the Andes Mountains Aircraft was flying from Merida to airport near Caracas There were no survivors , official says
Eight people were killed on Thursday in shootings and bombings across Iraq , police in Tikrit said . Two car bombs exploded in Tuz Khurmatu , an ethnically tense city in the northern province of Salaheddin , and killed three people . The bombs , which exploded in a Turkmen residential area , also wounded 27 people . The city also has significant Kurdish and Arab populations . Gunmen in Baghdad shot dead three people , Baghdad police said . Two men were shot and killed in the northern city of Mosul , police there said . Suicide bombings claim more lives in Iraq Violence has been on the upswing in Iraq since spring as tensions have grown , particularly between the country 's Shiite majority and its Sunni minority . More than 6,000 people have been killed this year , including more than 350 this month . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who is Shiite , touched on the violence in a New York Times op-ed column this week . "  Imagine how Americans would react if you had a terrorist organization operating on your own soil that killed dozens and maimed hundreds every week . For Iraqis , that is n't a hypothetical question ; Al Qaeda in Iraq and its affiliates are conducting a terrorist campaign against our people , " he wrote . Al-Maliki is in the United States for a meeting with President Barack Obama to plan "  a deeper security relationship " with Washington to fight terrorism and deal with regional security issues . Car bombs rattle Baghdad , Mosul ; 44 dead	The incidents took place in Tuz Khurmatu , Baghdad and Mosul Iraq has been beset by violence in recent months PM Nuri al-Maliki is visiting the United States
To understand Jay Silver , it helps to go back 10 years , to a night he spent flying kites on a beach in his native Florida with the woman who would become his wife . She asked him whether he knew how to listen to the wind . Being an engineer , he responded that wind produces only white noise , and white noise contains no information . But he loved her , so he opened his mind and gave it a try . "  And I felt a deep joy , " Silver said during a recent talk at the PopTech conference here . "  And then I stopped pursuing information and efficiency , and I changed my life 's course a little and started to practice rituals of joy . " This childlike sense of play , curiosity and discovery -- one that many people lose as they move through adulthood -- has informed Silver 's life and work ever since . It 's no accident that he shows audiences video clips of wide-eyed toddlers encountering snow for the first time or an M&M candy skittering around on a moving escalator . Or that he took the stage at PopTech in a T-shirt , baggy shorts and a surfer cap , looking more like a skateboarder than someone with a Ph.D. from MIT . Yes , at 33 , Silver is something of a big kid himself . He 's also a leading proponent of the "  maker movement , " the do-it-yourself culture of inventing , hacking and prototyping that inspires many young engineers in tech fields . At the MIT Media Lab , Silver studied how to make tools that engage people 's creative spirit and help them make things with modern technology . One of his first creations was Drawdio , an electronic pencil that lets you make music as you draw . Next up was something with the Silveresque name of MaKey MaKey , an invention kit he developed at MIT with fellow student Eric Rosenbaum . Funded by Kickstarter  they set a goal of $ 25,000 and raised $ 568,000  , the simple electronic kit contains a circuit board , alligator clips and USB cables and helps anyone turn everyday objects into touchpads that can be used to interact with a computer . People clamp the alligator clips to an object and then connect them through the kit to their computer . Touching the object produces a tiny electrical connection , which the computer interprets as a keystroke or the movement of a mouse . The kits cost $ 50 and say "  Be stoked . The world is your construction kit ! " on the box . Since they began shipping last summer , people around the world have used them to control computer programs with anything that can conduct electricity : fruit , plants , water , even household pets . One student at Southern Methodist University won a talent show by hooking MaKey MaKey to plates full of food and eating his way through a crowd-pleasing rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " MaKey MaKey seems like a toy , and educators have used it to play games or teach kids about basic electrical circuitry . But Silver believes that his kit can also help engineers test concepts and prototypes more cheaply . "  Some people are just totally goofing around  with the kits  . Some people are making devices so that their son with cerebral palsy can access browsing the Web , " he said . "  I do n't know which of those two things actually are more important . They 're both , to me , really valuable . " Silver , now a maker-research scientist at Intel Labs , hopes MaKey MaKey will awaken the creative impulse in people and encourage them to tackle their own DIY projects . "  Right now , in culture , there 's this feeling that we have to make  things  . And I think it 's because we did n't make  things  for a while , with the Industrial Revolution , " he said . "  I think when you make something , you 're kind of making meaning and purpose . You 're kind of making the world what it is . You 're voting with your hands -- not in a booth but making change , right now , that really happens in your own space . " Lifelong Kindergarten Long before that night on the beach , Silver 's roiling imagination was inventing stuff . As a boy in Cocoa Beach , Florida , he duct-taped a fork to a hand drill to make an automatic spaghetti-twirling machine . In fourth grade , he discovered by accident that his walkie-talkies communicated at the same frequency as his remote-control car . So he combined the car , an upside-down trash can and some other parts to make a robot he controlled by making certain sounds into the walkie-talkies . "  Like any good child of the '80s , I watched a lot of ` MacGyver . ' But I was pretty bad at making things , " he said . "  I loved kites . Kites have more questions than answers . I love things with more questions than answers . " Silver is fascinated by the idea of combining or refashioning objects , like his spaghetti twirler , to create uses for which they were not intended . "  What is the purpose of things ? Who said that was the purpose of it ? " he asked . "  Other people do n't have to decide the meaning of things . We can all decide . " It 's the same impulse that leads kids to play with a box instead of the toy that came in it . "  I did n't need anything special to hack as a child . I just used whatever was around . I think all children do this , " Silver wrote in an e-mail . "  I think this is one of the most special and also least unique things about all humans : They try everything every way and have very open minds , especially when young . " At MIT , Silver became part of a group called Lifelong Kindergarten , which seeks to foster creative adults through a "  kindergarten style of learning " that emphasizes designing , experimenting and exploring . It was a great fit for him because it taught him to not fear failing , to keep trying different things . "  I 'm kind of a bottom-up maker . I do n't have a plan . I do n't really know how things work that well . I just mess around with stuff , and things start to emerge , " he said . "  It 's kind of like a conversation with materials . " Silver 's approach -- part engineer , part artist , part curious 5-year-old -- impressed his mentors at MIT . "  Jay is an incredible creative force . Rarely have I met someone who spins out so many creative ideas . He really has the spirit of a tinkerer , always trying out new things , " said Mitchel Resnick , professor of learning research at the MIT Media Lab . "  Jay has held on to that playful curiosity  that children have  and uses that to engage with people , " Resnick added . "  One thing that 's for sure is that Jay will do something that none of us will expect . He 'll create new paths that none of us are even thinking about today . And whatever it is , it 'll help people explore the world around them and bring joy to their lives . " Creative confidence Today , Silver lives in Santa Cruz , California , with his wife , Jodi , an artist and early-childhood-creativity educator , and their son , Oak , 2 . His job at Intel takes him to festivals and events such as the Bay Area Maker Faire , where he leads creative workshops on such activities as making digital circuits by drawing with a pencil . In return , he takes some of what he learns about prototyping back to Intel Labs , which does research in a variety of futuristic computing fields . Silver is also still spreading the word about MaKey MaKey . His production company , JoyLabz , has distributed about 20,000 of the kits . "  The reason I 'm making this kit is that I 'm totally stoked about what I can do with it and what other people can do with it , " he said . "  I hope that other people use it in a way that makes them feel alive . And if they are , it does n't matter to me if what they 're doing can be called useful or not . " Silver talks wistfully about a utopian future where everyone creates their own unique space instead of settling for cookie-cutter homes or furnishings or decorations . "  We just do n't want people running to Walmart when they have a wobbly table , " he said . Instead , Silver envisions a new generation of creative thinkers who cut and paste disparate materials to make something new that holds personal meaning for them -- like what artists and writers have been doing for centuries but on a broader scale . "  Take , for example , one of the cornerstones of creative icons : LEGOs . LEGOs let you build anything , right ? Well , I am a fan of LEGOs , but there is one thing they are not communicating : The world you live in is a set of LEGOs , " he said . "  That 's my message . You do n't need a kit , and you do n't need to stick to the pieces that come in the box . " To Silver , such tinkering boosts "  creative confidence " : the transformative power that comes with making something tangible and fresh . "  If you get some kids thinking ' I can do this ' -- especially ones that would n't have had a chance to think that way -- that 's good enough for me . And we 're already seeing it happen , " he said . Silver 's workshops are aimed mostly at children , but there 's a reason why he 's invited to speak at idea-driven conferences like TEDx and PopTech . His lessons are applicable to any hidebound grad student or business executive : Rewrite the rules . Try everything . Do n't be afraid to fail . Follow your joy . To Silver , it 's human nature . "  The world that I 'd like to live in is a world where everybody helps to make it in their own way , " he said . "  So it 's a hodgepodge of different collections , of contributions ... reflecting everyone 's own internal inspiration . Kind of the way nature is , but with humans . That would be a beautiful world . "	Jay Silver is a leading proponent of "  maker movement , " the do-it-yourself culture of inventing His MaKey MaKey kits let anyone turn everyday objects into computer interfaces Silver : "  I think when you make something , you 're kind of making meaning and purpose " Silver spoke recently at PopTech , an idea-driven conference in Camden , Maine
CNN  -- Lukas Podolski scored his first goal since returning to Cologne but it was not enough as they crashed to a defeat 2-1 against Schalke which leaves them bottom of the German Bundesliga . Podolski celebrates his first goal since returning to Cologne , but it did not stop his side sliding to defeat . The hosts had already gone behind to a second-minute Jefferson Farfan strike when Podolski , who rejoined his boyhood club from Bayern Munich in the summer , levelled matters with six minutes played . But hopes Podolski 's strike would inspire the home side fell flat a minute after half-time when Levan Kobiashvili scored a winner to move Schalke up to third in the table . Defeat for Cologne leaves them rock bottom with just one point from their opening five games . Schalke 's early goal came courtesy of a corner to the far post where Gerald Asamoah was waiting to head the ball back across goal . Farfan was alert to the opportunity and sent his flying header into the back of the net for his second of the campaign . The mood inside the RheinEnergie Stadion improved significantly four minutes later when Podolski latched onto a through-ball before coolly stepping around Manuel Neuer to stroke home . The decisive moment in the game arrived just a minute after the interval when the dangerous Farfan attracted the home defence in the middle of the area before laying off a pass for Kobiashvili to thrash left-footed into the net . Meanwhile , in the day 's other Bundesliga match , Werder Bremen had the better of the chances but were held to a 0-0 draw by Hannover .	Lukas Podolski scores his first goal since returning to Cologne in 2-1 defeat Jefferson Farfan and Levan Kobiashvili scored the goals that gave Schalke win The defeat leaves Cologne on bottom of the Bundesliga table after five games
CNN  -- Everyone on the East Coast knew Thursday that monstrous Irene , energizing over bathtub-warm ocean waters , was heading toward them , posing the biggest hurricane threat to the United States in six years . What they did not know was the exact path of the storm . So people along a 700-mile stretch of the Atlantic Seaboard were , as North Carolina Gov. Bev Perdue put it , preparing for the worst and praying for the best . There was even a possibility that the storm , which could reach Category 4 status , could slam into Manhattan , causing concerns about soaring skyscrapers and underground tunnels . A state of emergency has already been declared in Virginia , Maryland , New Jersey , New York , Delaware , Connecticut and parts of North Carolina in anticipation of Irene . Fears were perhaps greatest in North Carolina and Virginia and on the slivers of islands that extend off those coastlines , which could start feeling Irene 's punch by Friday evening . On North Carolina 's Ocracoke , there is only one way off the island -- by ferry . The county ordered tourists and residents to evacuate . Bobby Hill , the emergency manager for the North Carolina Ferry Division , said more than 1,500 people left Wednesday . The ferries are operating all day Thursday , he said , but the last chance for anyone to get off the isolated , skinny island sticking out in the Atlantic , is one boat Friday morning . After that , well , you are out of options . Clayton Gaskill was one of about 100 Ocracoke residents still around Thursday night . In between playing progressive rock songs on community radio WOVV-FM , he talked about residents making final preparations . "  You pick up stuff that will float . " "  This is a little more serious than many of them , " Gaskill said , referring to other storms in the region . Isabel in 2003 and Alex in 2004 did have significant impact . Residents have a couple grocery stores , ice and an emergency electrical source to help them ride out and recover from Irene . "  As long as the storm is in progress , you are on your own , " Gaskill said . Hill has lived through 15 hurricanes in his lifetime : Floyd , Hazel , Connie , David . He 's used to boarding up his home in coastal Beaufort and firing up the generator . You might call him a veteran . "  You 're a veteran of one and they still keep coming , " he said . Irene ? Well , it will be another name on the long list . Janeen Wall has only one name in her hurricane memory . Floyd in 1999 . "  It was scary , " she said . So much so that Wall was not taking any chances . She arrived at her rented vacation condo on Carolina Beach just this Monday . But by Thursday , she was safely back home in Richmond , Virginia , buying extra bottles of water and gas for the grill , in case the power goes out . In Wilmington , North Carolina , Leigh Muscle planned a dream wedding for Saturday -- along the Intracoastal Waterway , of course . "  Literally my first reaction was , ` Nooo ! , ' " Muscle told CNN affiliate WWAY . She had planned to walk down the aisle in the front yard of her mother 's house ; the reception was to be in the back yard , along the water . "  As of now , it looks like it 's just going to be a little bit of rain and a little bit of wind , and it just looks like we need to move the event from outside to inside , so that 's what we 're planning , " Muscle said . She 's hoping a perfect storm wo n't ruin her perfect day . On Nags Head , Leanne and Nathan Robinson , surfers since they were kids , hoped to ride a few waves like they do in every hurricane the North Carolina natives have lived through . The winds are too high during the hit , but the swell before and after the storm could be ideal . But this time , it 's different . Not because Irene is so huge , or that she is eyeing the Outer Banks . But this time , the young couple owns a house . This time , they have a 2-year-old daughter to protect . If it looks like a direct hit , Leanne plans to evacuate with their child . Nathan will stay to look after the house and the surf shop that Leanne manages . "  We are going to wait until tomorrow afternoon to make a decision , " Leanne Robinson said . In the meantime , they 've brought in the tomato plants , picked up debris and tied down everything that needs to be secured . And they cut dead branches off the tall pines in their yard . Farther north in Lewes , Delaware , Georgia Tugend is planning to ride out the storm along with her husband , Dave , and dog , Barkley . "  Our plan is not to leave , " Tugend said . "  Temporary shelters will not take the dog , and we feel that our house is elevated enough that we would avoid any possible storm surge . " Tugend , who lives about half a mile from the Delaware Bay , said she and her husband are securing several items in their yard , including outdoor furniture and a 14-foot aluminum boat . "  We 're going to hope for the best as far as the cars go , " she said , noting that they do n't have a garage . Tugend said she plans to fill her tub with water , and may stock up on extra beer as well . "  We had some really bad storms this past fall and winter with gusts clocked up to 70 miles per hour . We know we can get through that , " she said . "  But you do n't want to get cocky . If we get 100-mile per hour winds , that 's a different ballgame . We 've never lived through that . " In nearby Dewey Beach , 71-year-old Allan Lynch was taking steps to protect his restaurant , The Captain 's Table . Lynch , a lifelong resident of the area , is planning to cover all of the windows at the restaurant , take down loose signs outside and bring in his trash cans . Lynch said he will probably close his business . He 's also bringing in a supply of dry ice to help preserve the restaurant 's food in case power is lost . As for himself , Lynch said he would probably "  go inland a little bit " and seek shelter with his 90-year-old mother if the storm becomes severe enough . Lynch 's wife stocked up extra milk , water and batteries . Some described their preparations as "  minimal , " such as Nathan Nickerson in Cape Cod , Massachusetts . But "  I 've got my chainsaw sharpened , and I 've got my tractor ready to clear the way " if there are a lot of downed trees , he said . Nickerson predicted that traffic at his business -- Arnold 's Lobster and Clam Bar in Eastham -- will "  probably drop off to nothing , at least temporarily . " But the place will stay open as long as it can , Nickerson said . Thursday , he was already taking down several awnings , tents , and umbrellas . If nothing else , he joked , he would hold Arnold 's annual employee party during the storm . Meanwhile , the owner of Alex 's Bait & Tackle at Point Pleasant Beach in New Jersey said he 's preparing for the worst . He 's going to put as many as 150 sandbags in front of his water 's edge store . "  I will stay here as long as I can , " Marc Palazzo said . "  Most storms I ride out , but for the first time in 15 years I 'm thinking of not riding this one out . "  I think the storm will head right up the Jersey shore at this point , " he said . "  And locally , I do n't think we 're prepared . Nobody 's boarding up anything , and there could be some major devastation . " Stores even farther north in New Hampshire were also gearing up for Irene . The emergency display was up at the Home Depot in Manchester , reported CNN affiliate WMUR . Generators . Flashlights . Backpack survival kits . And extra supplies of sump pumps . Peter Hoiries , who works for a restoration company , warned residents of Irene 's strong winds . "  Standard shingles used in the New England area are good only for 75 miles per hour , " he said . Older ones could blow off in even lighter winds . In Horseneck Beach , Massachusetts , the sun beat down Thursday . No sign of Irene yet , but people asked : "  What if ? " Boat owners in Falmouth Harbor began removing their vessels , according to CNN affiliate WHDH . Some people find it exciting , the prospect of a hurricane -- generally thought of as a Southern thing -- heading to New England . But veterans were quick to say "  beware . " "  They 're exciting until they get a week into not having hot water , refrigerator , running around for ice and no electric power , " said Bruce Crenshaw , a charter boat captain . "  The excitement wears off quick . " The reality is that many folks on the East Coast were still in a wait-and-see mode Thursday , as Irene -- slowly but surely -- made her way toward them . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Ferries were moving people off some North Carolina islands Hurricane veterans know to board up and stock up on supplies People are preparing as far north as New Hampshire Irene poses the biggest hurricane threat to the U.S. in six years
January 21 , 2015 Today 's State of the Union coverage goes beyond what was said in Washington last night . We have highlights of the president 's speech and the GOP response , but we also feature a look at President Obama 's legacy : what has and has n't been accomplished in his first six years in office . We 're also exploring a possible coup in Yemen and a potential medical breakthrough involving antibiotics . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- On Monday , King Juan Carlos , 76 , of Spain announced that he will soon abdicate the throne , passing the crown to his son Crown Prince Felipe , who is 46 . Explaining his decision to his Spanish subjects , Juan Carlos noted that his son will help "  open a new era of hope which combines the experience and momentum of a new generation . " Last year , Queen Beatrix , 75 , of the Netherlands , abdicated the throne , also passing the crown to her eldest son . Explaining her decision to her Dutch subjects , she said , "  It was not because the office was too heavy for me , but because the responsibility for this country should lie in the hands of a new generation . " For those wondering why Queen Elizabeth II , an octogenarian , has n't made a similar concession to youth , one has to realize that the modern British monarchy is founded on a different set of principles . As much as Britons might enjoy a change of pace at Windsor Castle , something faster and fresher , the monarchy in Britain is not about novelty . It 's about staying the course , resolve , and perseverance . Indeed in a culture similar to ours that places a premium on youth and beauty , the British monarchy stands out as one of those rare institutions where aging , with all of its complications and humiliations , is allowed to -- and expected to -- take place in full public view . Consider King George III , who reigned from 1760 until his death in 1820 at the age of 81 . Beginning in 1788 , the king suffered periodic bouts from what was likely porphyria , a metabolic disorder affecting the nervous system . By 1810 , he was permanently insane . Blind and infirm , George III spent the last 10 years of his reign doddering about in Windsor Castle . Admittedly , George 's son , the future George IV , served as regent for most of this difficult period . Queen Victoria , George III 's granddaughter , similarly reigned from 1837 until her death , also at the age of 81 , in 1901 -- despite suffering a host of ailments in later years , including failing eyesight , insomnia and rheumatism . Yet both monarchs were perhaps more popular in their oldest age than ever before . George III survived the loss of the American colonies and the scandals surrounding his alleged madness to win the intense loyalty of most of his subjects . Following his 1809 Golden Jubilee , a ceremony marking the 50th anniversary of a monarch 's rule , the London Times proudly proclaimed that the event had been "  celebrated by all ranks of people in this great metropolis , in a manner worthy of an aged and venerable King , and a loyal and enlightened nation . " And Queen Victoria overcame early skepticism about her capabilities -- and a dramatic curtailment in support during the 1860s , when she retreated from public view to mourn the death of her husband , Prince Albert -- to become the "  Great White Queen , " and the "  Grandmother of Europe . " At her 60th anniversary Diamond Jubilee in 1897 , Victoria was feted like no sovereign before her . She may have only been able to offer a feeble wave from her carriage as she passed by throngs of well-wishers on her way to St. Paul 's Cathedral , but her symbolic weight could not be overestimated . The current British monarch follows in her predecessors ' footsteps . When the young Elizabeth received word in February 1952 , while traveling abroad in Kenya , that her father George VI had passed away , she rushed home knowing that the title she had just inherited would be hers until death . "  By the sudden death of my dear father I am called to assume the duties and responsibilities of sovereignty , " the 25-year old queen explained to her privy councilors back in London . "  My heart is too full for me to say more to you today than I shall always work , as my father did throughout his reign , to advance the happiness and prosperity of my peoples , spread as they are all the world over . " When Elizabeth said "  I shall always work , " she meant it . More than 60 years later , at the age of 88 , the Queen maintains an active schedule and is the patron of more than 600 charities and organizations . Add to this the fact that Elizabeth 's reign , like those of her predecessors , has only seemed to improve with age , at least if measured by public approval ratings -- shortly before the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in 2012 , the market research company Ipsos MORI determined that support for the monarchy among adults in Britain is at an all-time high -- and there 's little reason to think that Elizabeth will leave her post anytime soon . Much as Prince Charles and Prince William may grow tired of waiting in the wings , a Platinum Jubilee could well take place in 2022 . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Arianne Chernock .	King Juan Carlos , 76 , of Spain said he will abdicate the throne and pass the crown to his son Queen Elizabeth shows no inclination to step down for Prince Charles or Prince William Arianne Chernock : Historically , British monarchs stay on their thrones until they die Chernock : Monarchy is about perseverance ; princes might have a long wait
CNN  -- As Japan 's disaster evolves , so too are the measures taken to mitigate the chaos . One such initiative comes from U.S. military contractor iRobot , which will help Japan 's army incorporate robots into their recovery efforts . The company joins at least two Japanese robotics teams on the ground in the quake - and tsunami-ravaged country , one of which operates an 8-meter-long , snakelike robot with a camera . iRobot , based in Bedford , Massachusetts , is donating four ground-based models to the Japan relief effort : two PackBots and two Warriors . The PackBot is an agile , battle-tested unit that 's been used for bomb dispersal , recon and other tactical operations . Depending on its configuration , it weighs 45 to 60 pounds and is known for being highly customizable . "  Not every robot works in every situation , " says iRobot Vice President Tim Trainer , "  so they have to be configured appropriately . " In Japan , the PackBot will be outfitted with HazMat sensors and deployed in areas of nuclear uncertainty , such as the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , to search for chemical , biological or radiological anomalies . The larger Warrior model is a 347-pound robot that can traverse rubble or wreckage and carry up to 200 pounds . For this mission , it will be configured with firefighting capabilities that allow it to deploy fire hoses or clear away rubble . It complements the PackBots ' agility and scanning capabilities with the muscle to physically neutralize hot zones . Both the PackBot and the Warrior are remote-controlled from a distance of 800 meters  about half a mile  . The PackBot transmits data about hazardous conditions to an operator in real time . Because Japan 's relief workers face massive piles of impenetrable rubble , the robots might also play a key role in general search-and-recovery efforts , as the PackBot did at New York City 's ground zero in the aftermath of 9/11 . A dual track system on both units enhances mobility and makes it possible for them to navigate areas humans ca n't safely reach . The Packbots and Warriors are accompanied by six iRobot employees who will train Japan 's Ground Self-Defense Force in their use . The units can be operated with an Xbox or PlayStation controller in a straightforward plug-and-play fashion . Once in the field , robots that enter nuclear hot zones are n't necessarily expected to make it back out , as contamination could render them unsafe for later . But by going where relief teams should n't , they might prevent additional , unnecessary human casualties . "  This is why we got into robotics , " said iRobot 's Trainer . "  To keep people out of harm 's way . " Katie Linendoll is a technology expert , a TV personality and a CNN contributor . Follow her on Twitter @KatieLinendoll .	U.S. company iRobot has donated four ground-based robots to help with recovery efforts The PackBot is an agile , battle-tested unit used for bomb dispersal The Warrior is a larger , heavy-load bearing , 347-pound robot
Golan Heights  CNN  -- The Israeli army 's Golani brigade recently wrapped up a two-week exercise of ground troops , special forces and air units along Israel 's 81-mile-long  130 km  frontier with Syria . The drill was not aimed at preparing for an all-out war scenario but to respond to a new terror threat that has emerged from the ashes of the Syrian revolution . Israel Defense Forces claim that close to 3,000 fighters from the militant group Hezbollah have infiltrated Syria in support of the Assad regime and several hundred are now operating the Golan Heights . Hezbollah -- the Iranian-backed group based in southern Lebanon - has called for the destruction of the state of Israel . Leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah has stated that once the Syrian uprising is put down , he will turn his attention to Israel . "  Statements that were made by high ranking officials that the Syrian border will become a border with terror is something we are dealing with every day , " said Lt. Col. Anan Abbas , the Golani Brigade Commander . "  We are making sure that there will be no penetration through the northern border of Israel . " CNN told : Pakistani Taliban arrive in Syria , more to come Abbas gave CNN an exclusive tour of the region that has seen a tripling of Israeli forces and intelligence gathering over the last six months . The IDF now monitors the region 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Corporal Chen Holtzman , a soldier working in the IDF 's Intelligence Operations Center , said they have the authority to deploy special forces units , artillery and aerial bombings if they suspect a threat to Israel . "  We can see it for a few miles coming at us , " she said . "  If we see something coming at us , we can tell that immediately and everybody is prepared to do something about that . " In addition to the constant surveillance , Israel is erecting a fence with Syria along its side of the disengagement zone . The mountainous Golan , known for its beauty and favored by backpackers and hikers , is one of the most traveled areas for Israelis . It was captured by Israel during the Six-Day War in 1967 against Egypt , Iraq , Jordan and Syria , but since 1974 , right up to the Syrian revolution , the area was a quiet , almost bucolic military posting . Syria 's children deserve chance to be kids again The turmoil in Syria changed the equation and in June , both countries nearly came to a full-on , open confrontation at a crossing post in Quneitra . Syrian rebels overran government-backed forces and for a few hours occupied the area . The Israeli forces watched , ready to intercede if the fighting spilled across the border . "  The shooting began at 5am , " recalled Abbas . "  It was a morning full of fighting where the Syrian army and rebels were shooting at one another . " To strike back at the rebels , the Syrian army moved several tanks and armored vehicles into area and the IDF went on high alert . "  We had a lot of forces ready to react . Tanks , intelligence , special forces ... artillery , air force -- everything was ready for this incident , " said Abbas . "  If we would have seen that there was a leakage or direct fire into our territory we would have reacted immediately and destroyed the source of fire . " Even before the skirmish at Quneitra , shots between rebels and Syrian government forces have strayed across the border . The IDF 's response to these is to destroy the firing position -- whether rebel or Syrian army . "  I do not differentiate between a force that is Syrian or a force of the rebels , " Abbas said . "  If I identify armed men next to the fence , we are prepared to face all the threats and respond . " Frustration in Congress with aid to Syrian rebels	Army wraps up a two-week military exercise along Israel 's 81-mile long frontier with Syria Golan Heights a flashpoint of violence as Syrian government and rebel troops clash nearby IDF : Several hundred Hezbollah fighters backing Damascus are operating in the Golan Heights Threat Syrian war may ensnare Israeli troops "  is something we are dealing with every day "
LONDON , England -- "  Ocean Emerald " is a superyacht with added wow-factor . Her startling appearance has made sure of that and in real life she is every bit as dramatic as she appears in these photographs . "  Ocean Emerald " is the second time Lord Foster has designed a superyacht . We were among the guests invited to the superyacht 's official launching in La Spezia , in northern Italy , when her celebrity designer and his team walked down the red carpet to cast his eyes upon his latest masterpiece . Lord Foster of Thameside is no stranger to eye-catching and dramatic design . His architectural firm Norman Foster + Partners is responsible for iconic London landmarks such as 30 St Mary Axe , better known as the Gherkin , and the Millennium Bridge . Foster is the master of the curved line . Imagine for a moment a photograph of the Gherkin split in two lengthwise and laid flat , recall the sweeping curves of the Millennium Bridge and you will see how he has managed to combine the drama of those two creations into what is arguably the most visually stunning superyacht of the year . Ocean Emerald is not the first of Foster 's forays into the world of superyacht design . It was he who drew the lines for the Lrssen-built Izanami , a 58-metre yacht now called Ronin and owned by Larry Ellison . Launched in 1993 , she is also a head-turner . Design and external appearance aside , Ocean Emerald is different from every other 41-metre superyacht in that she is not to be the sole property of any one owner . This perhaps is one of the reasons for her radical look as she is designed to appeal to those who are new to the concept of superyacht ownership . Unlike the traditional form of ownership , where one person , sometimes through an anonymous corporation , is the owner of all 64 shares of the yacht , the shares in Ocean Emerald are split either into eight or sixteen parts . These fractions -- one-eighth or one-sixteenth -- of Ocean Emerald have been sold to different individuals by the London-based company YachtPlus . When engaged to design the yacht , the Foster team were initially told to work within the confines of an existing hull designed by yacht builders Intermarine , part of Rodriquez Cantieri Navale . But after discussions , Rodriquez has produced a new 41-metre hull three metres longer than the original concept . Walking around Ocean Emerald , it is clear that Foster has taken all the traditional rules of yacht design , torn them up and started again . The public rooms benefit from abundant natural light , which floods in through the floor-to-ceiling windows , in addition to the copious artificial lights . Coupled with the use of pale-coloured woods , soft furnishings and white high-gloss , wipe-clean surfaces they create a wonderfully bright , modern feel . Unusually for a motor yacht , the natural teak decking extends right the way through from the aft deck to the saloon , ensuring a seamless visual transition between the outside and inside spaces . To join the Ownership Lifestyle Programme will cost an initial payment of $ 1.875 million . This buys you a one eighth share of the yacht and guarantees 30 nights per year on board -- ten nights peak season in the Mediterranean , ten nights peak season in the Caribbean , and two five-night cultural tours such as sightseeing , shopping , golf , Formula 1 , vineyard visits and museums . Each year there will be an annual service charge of $ 200,000 to cover overheads , including marine and hotel operations , permanent crew , mooring and berthing fees , year-round maintenance and mechanical upkeep , marine and port charges and cruise itineraries management . Lord Foster said : "  With my team we have given a new emphasis to such issues as quality and quantity of space , outdoor terraces , light and views . Our commission is for the total design concept of the fleet , with an eye on beauty , function and luxury , down to the smallest detail . We believe that there is great potential in the concept of luxury cruisers to think afresh such issues as views , light , privacy and the quality of spaces -- both inside and outdoors . " The concept of fractional ownership is fast becoming acknowledged as a logical way forward for those wishing to enjoy high-end luxury products without the massive capital investement required . Foster himself owns one of the shares and is very much looking forward to experiencing what it is like to step into the shoes of a superyacht owner . It may only be for a fraction of the time but it is also , as he so eloquently puts it , only for a fraction of the price . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT  2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Famous architect Norman Foster has designed a new superyacht "  Ocean Emerald " has a top speed of 17.5 knots It will be co-owned by investors laying down an initial $ 2.6 million payment
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected missile strike from a U.S. Predator drone killed at least four people in a house in Pakistan 's North Waziristan region early Saturday . Marchers protest recent U.S. missile strikes on the Pakistani tribal areas . The attack , which occurred in the Mir Ali subdivision in the village of Ali Khel , was one of several to hit the country Saturday . Six people were injured in Saturday 's attack , the fourth suspected U.S. strike on Pakistani soil in November . The names of the victims have not been released . It is also not known why the house was targeted . Elsewhere , three people were killed and 11 were injured in an explosion inside a mosque in northwest Pakistan 's tribal region , a government official said . The explosion happened just after 4 p.m.  6 a.m. ET  , leaving the Hangu district mosque inside Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province in ruins , said Omer Faraz Khan , deputy superintendent of Hangu . He said rescuers were trying to save people trapped under the debris . It was not immediately clear how many people were inside the mosque at the time of the blast . Police were investigating the explosion , which was detonated using a homemade timer , Khan said . Hours later , three bombs exploded about 10 p.m.  noon ET  outside a stadium in Lahore where a music festival was being held , police Inspector Muntzir Kazmi said . A 13-year-old was injured , but it was unknown whether the victim was a boy or girl . This week , Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry summoned U.S. Ambassador Anne Patterson to lodge a formal protest against another suspected U.S. missile strike on its territory , an act Pakistan Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani called a violation of his nation 's sovereignty . Watch Gilani say his country has had enough of U.S. attacks " Wednesday 's strike in the Bannu region of Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province left five dead and seven wounded . That attack was farther inside Pakistani territory than previous attacks . The attack targeted a home outside the tribal areas that U.S. intelligence says have become a haven for Taliban and al Qaeda fighters battling U.S. and NATO troops in neighboring Afghanistan . The U.S. government has not acknowledged hitting targets within Pakistan , an ally in the war on al Qaeda launched after the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington . However , Pakistan 's government has repeatedly complained about the strikes . Gilani took to the floor of the parliament and renewed his condemnation of the attacks Thursday but added that he thinks they will be controlled when President-elect Barack Obama takes office . In October , the foreign ministry summoned Patterson to lodge a "  strong " protest on continuing missile attacks and said they should be stopped immediately . At the time , a missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone on a compound in South Waziristan killed 20 people . Pakistan 's government said the attacks cost lives and undermine public support for its counterterrorism efforts . The U.S.-led coalition and NATO , based in Afghanistan , have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants who are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Islamabad over the years , saying it is not being active enough against militants , a claim Pakistan denies . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely .	NEW : Teen killed when three bombs explode outside music festival Four killed after suspected U.S. missile strike fired from drone , official says Attack believed to be fourth in Pakistan since early November Mosque bombing leaves at least three people dead in northwest
