London , England  CNN  -- Protesters called on the worldwide community to take action against Uganda Thursday as the African nation considers stricter laws against homosexuality . They compared Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni to some of the world 's most notorious dictators . "  In the last five years we have seen Idi Amin return to Uganda and his name is Yoweri Museveni , " Ugandan human rights campaigner Michael Senyonjo told CNN . "  He ... is bringing in a bill in an attempt to criminalize being gay , " the activist said . "  That is not right . We can not allow fascism to return to Uganda . He should leave power and go because he is not taking the country anywhere but to disaster , " he added . Under proposed new laws currently being considered by the Ugandan parliament , those who test positive for HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , could face the death penalty . In addition , those convicted of having gay sex would be sentenced to life in prison , while anyone found guilty of engaging in homosexual relations on more than one occasion would be executed . The proposals could become law before the end of the year . Museveni has not publicly stated his support for the bill . Homosexuality is already illegal in Uganda under laws passed in the colonial era , but the new legislation is intended to provide prosecutors with more power . It has the blessing of various religious leaders , with one leading Muslim cleric -- Sheikh Ramathan Shaban Mubajje -- calling for all known homosexuals in the country to be rounded up and left on an island until they die . Thursday 's protest at the Ugandan High Commission -- or embassy -- in London is one of several planned demonstrations around the world , and OutRage , another gay rights organization , is backing the calls for action to be taken . "  President Museveni is fast becoming the Robert Mugabe of Uganda and that 's a threat to the civil rights of every Ugandan person -- gay or straight , " OutRage spokesman Peter Tatchell told CNN , referring to the authoritarian president of Zimbabwe . "  There 's a huge ground swell of public opinion that this bill goes way too far . Even people who say they 're against homosexuality say this bill is excessive and a threat to the human rights of all Ugandans . "  Uganda should drop this law and abide by international human rights legislation , " Tatchell said .	Homosexuality illegal in Uganda but lawmakers considering tougher laws Proposals include life sentences , death penalty as punishments for gay sex Tatchell : Proposals "  threaten civil rights of every Ugandan person -- gay or straight "
New York  CNN  -- The ratings firm Fitch downgraded a cluster of the world 's largest banks Thursday , pointing to trading challenges facing international markets . The banks included Bank of America , Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs , as well as Europe 's Barclays , Societe Generale and BNP Paribas . Germany 's Deutsche Bank and Switerzland 's Credit Suisse were also downgraded . It was the third major credit rating agency to downgrade global financial institutions since September . SEC to appeal rejected Citigroup settlement "  These actions culminate a broader , global review of financial institutions , " the ratings firm said in a written statement . Managing Director Thomas Abruzzo added that the downgrades reflect "  fundamental risks in the global trading bank environment . " He noted that , for Bank of America , Thursday 's move reflects "  particularities of the firm 's business , " notably issues arising from "  legacy acquisitions " such as Merrill Lynch and Countrywide . Last month , Standard & Poor 's downgraded the credit ratings of 15 banks . In September , Moody 's Investors Services also announced downgrades . Financial institutions have faced difficult times worldwide , with investor concerns largely focused on the exposure banks may have to the European debt crisis .	The banks included Bank of America , Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs Europe 's Barclays , Societe Generale and BNP Paribas were also downgraded Last month , Standard & Poor 's downgraded the credit ratings of 15 banks
CNN  -- Medical workers expressed alarm Friday over the increase in hospitalizations and deaths in Haiti 's cholera outbreak as the earthquake-devastated nation 's already strained health system overflowed with the sick . On the outskirts of the capital city of Port-au-Prince in the slum of Cite Soleil , Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  saw 216 cases of cholera at Choscal Hospital on Thursday . Five days ago , that number was only 30 . Stefano Zannini , the head of mission for Medecins Sans Frontieres , said his staff was seeing seven times the cases they were seeing three days ago . "  The trend is extremely , extremely alarming , " he said . "  We have not reached a peak yet , but it could arrive next week . " The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs put the death toll Friday at more than 800 , with more than 12,000 people hospitalized . Epidemiologists predict the outbreak could last for months and say the entire nation of almost 10 million people is at risk because they have no immunity to cholera . The United Nations warned that Haiti is facing one of the most severe outbreaks of the disease in the past 100 years . It appealed to international donors for $ 164 million in aid and said it anticipates as many as 200,000 people to be sickened with cholera over the next six to 12 months . "  A major effort has already been made , but the sheer quantity of relief items that need to be delivered in the days and weeks ahead is going to require more logistical and financial support for the government by all humanitarian agencies and donors and very close coordination , " said Nigel Fisher , U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Haiti . "  Without this the epidemic could well outrun our efforts . " Of grave concern are cases that originated in the tent cities of Port-au-Prince , which sprang up to shelter those left homeless by the massive earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people last January . Health officials fear that infection could spread quickly in the makeshift cities ' congested , unsanitary conditions and in impoverished neighborhoods where clean drinking water is at a premium . Symptoms of cholera , an acute , bacterial illness caused by drinking tainted water , can be mild or even non-existent . But sometimes they can be severe : profuse watery diarrhea , vomiting , and leg cramps , which can cause rapid loss of body fluids and lead to dehydration , shock and death . Aid workers in Haiti are scrambling as the nation recovers not only from the earthquake , but from last week 's hurricane . "  We are stretched thin , " said Julie Schindall , a spokeswoman for the humanitarian agency Oxfam . Zannini reminded the world that cholera is as much a logistical problem as a medical one . It 's not just a matter of medical donations or more doctors on the ground , he said . Who will supply clean drinking water ? Who will make sure there are proper bathroom facilities ? Who will dispose of the waste ? Or for that matter , the dead bodies ? "  It 's not just about donating money , " Zannini said . "  It 's about concrete actions . "	The death toll has passed 800 ; more than 12,000 people have been sickened The United Nations warns that 200,000 people may get sick It has asked for $ 164 million in a global aid
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Simone Battle , who appeared to be on the verge of realizing her lifelong dream of stardom , hanged herself Friday , the Los Angeles County coroner 's spokesman said Monday . Battle , 25 , was an "  X Factor " finalist in 2011 and a singer with G.R.L. , a girls group created last year to replace the Pussycat Dolls . She and her four bandmates found success this year with their music , including a collaboration with Pitbull . G.R.L. performed on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " last month . Battle 's boyfriend last saw her alive at 3:45 a.m. Friday in the West Hollywood apartment they shared . He found her hanging in in a closet about four hours later , according to Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter . The autopsy conducted Sunday determined that it was a suicide , Winter said . G.R.L. collaborated with Pitbull on the song "  Wild Wild Love , " which rose to No. 30 on Billboard 's Hot 100 this year . Pitbull tweeted his condolences Saturday : "  My heart and prayers go out to @GRLSimone : @grl and her family . RIP Dios la bendiga . " G.R.L. 's latest single was "  Ugly Heart , " released in June , according to Billboard . Pussycat Dolls founder Robin Antin created G.R.L. as the "  next generation " of her original group last year . The G.R.L. Twitter account posted this message Saturday : "  Words can not express the depth of our loss . Simone 's incredible talent was only surpassed by the size of her heart . " Battle had said that Whitney Houston "  inspired my dream to be a singer , " according to the group 's official biography on the RCA Records website . She grew up in Los Angeles , singing in a church choir , studying ballet and tap , modeling and acting in television commercials before working an internship with a company associated with the Black Eyed Peas . She studied music and songwriting at the University of Southern California before competing on "  The X Factor , " where she reached the top 16 . The highlight of her acting career was a role in "  We the Party , " a 2012 film directed by Mario Van Peebles , the bio said .	Simone Battle 's group , G.R.L. , had recent success with Pitbull Battle 's group performed on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " last month The singer 's boyfriend found her hanging in a closet Friday
CNN  -- Joe Torre , the fifth-winningest manager in major league baseball history , announced Friday he is retiring at the end of the season . The 70-year-old Torre will leave the Los Angeles Dodgers in the hands of his hitting coach , Don Mattingly , who has 2,318 victories fewer than his skipper . In his 29 seasons , Torre has managed the Dodgers , the New York Mets , the Atlanta Braves , the St. Louis Cardinals and , most famously , the New York Yankees . In the Bronx , Torre won four World Series titles and six league crowns but left New York after 12 years when he angrily rejected the Yankees contract offer after the 2007 season . The Dodgers went to the playoffs the first two seasons Torre managed the team , but are just 72-75 this season . "  It 's not easy to just say you do n't want to do something any more , " Torre said . "  Baseball has been my life and hopefully will continue to be my life in some other capacity . " Torre said he will talk to Dodgers General Manager Ned Colletti next month about what his future role with the team will be , but it 's best that Mattingly step in for the 2011 season . "  I think in this situation the ball club will be better served by Donnie , " Torre said . Torre said it was still fun to manage , but he realized it was time to leave the game he entered in 1960 as a player with the Milwaukee Braves . Torre will likely go into the National Baseball Hall of Fame as a manager but he was also a very good hitter . In 1971 , he was voted the National League MVP when he hit a league high .363 with the St. Louis Cardinals . Colletti was asked if any other candidates were interviewed for the job and said he discussed the issue with Major League Baseball about the hiring process before extending the offer to Mattingly without talking to any other prospective hires . Mattingly , 49 , is a managerial novice , having only led the club a few times after Torre was ejected . The Dodgers had announced recently that he would manage this fall in an offseason league for up-and-coming young players . Mattingly , who was one of the most popular Yankees ever when he played , had interviewed in the past for the Yankees ' position when Torre left and in the past offseason when the Indians were hiring  Manny Acta got the job  . Mattingly has been a coach on Torre 's bench for seven seasons . "  Are you ready ? " Frank McCourt , owner of the Dodgers , said to Mattingly after thanking Torre for reinstilling a winning attitude . "  I 'm ready , " Mattingly said . "  I know you 're ready , " McCourt said . "  I have a confidence in myself . I 've been around the game a long time , not necessarily in the manager 's seat , " Mattingly said . "  I know people are going to question it , and that 's understandable . But I know I can do it . " Mattingly said he will look for a veteran coach to step into his role . Torre is the third long-time manager to announce his retirement this season . Bobby Cox , fourth all-time in wins , will retire after the Atlanta Braves ' last game . Lou Piniella left the Chicago Cubs in August to be with his ailing mother . He was 14th on the victories list .	Los Angeles Dodgers ' Joe Torre to retire from managing after 29 seasons With the New York Yankees , Torre won four World Series titles Don Mattingly , L.A. 's hitting coach , to take over as skipper The former Yankee great has no full-time managerial experience
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House did not intend to show any disrespect toward Nancy Reagan when it failed to invite the former first lady -- a vigorous supporter of stem-cell research -- to a bill-signing ceremony on the subject , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Nancy Reagan watches President Obama sign the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission Act Tuesday . "  I think she speaks in real personal terms about the issue , " Gibbs told reporters . "  And I think her candor and her courage have been heartening , and we certainly meant no slight to her whatsoever . " On Monday , Vanity Fair published an interview with Nancy Reagan on its Web site in which she suggested the Obama administration missed an opportunity by not inviting her to witness President Obama signing a measure in March expanding federal support for stem-cell research . The former first lady has long promoted such steps despite objections from many in the GOP . She has argued that expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband , who suffered from Alzheimer 's disease . "  I would have gone , and you know I do n't like to travel , " she told the magazine . Watch more on Gibbs ' reaction to the controversy " "  Politically , it would have been a good thing for  Obama  to do . Oh well , nobody 's perfect . He called and thanked me for working on it . But he could have gotten more mileage out of it , " she said . Gibbs ' comments also come the same day Mrs. Reagan attended a White House ceremony marking Obama 's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission . The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Ronald Reagan 's 100th birthday on February 6 , 2011 . Watch Obama laud Reagan 's optimism " Mrs. Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama . Obama issued an apology to Mrs. Reagan earlier this year after joking in a news conference that she held seances during her years in the White House -- an apparent reference to reports she consulted with astrologists during her husband 's presidency .	Former first lady Nancy Reagan is a strong supporter of stem-cell research Mrs. Reagan tells magazine : Obama should have invited me to stem-cell bill signing She 's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan Wednesday She witnesses signing of Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission legislation
CNN  -- A judge in California just sent shock waves across America 's public education system , declaring tenure laws unconstitutional . The case started two years ago , when nine students sued the state of California , asserting that their constitutional right to equality of education is violated by laws that protect "  grossly inadequate teachers . " Two unions representing 425,000 teachers stepped in to fight the students , their families and a legal team backed by a powerful education reformer , Students Matter . The students had two main arguments . First , that five California laws that allow public school teachers to secure  and keep  tenure after 18 short months caused the students to be unreasonably exposed to "  grossly ineffective teachers . " And second , that minority and poor students were disproportionately stuck with them . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Rolf Treu not only agreed with the students , he drew parallels between his opinion and the decision in the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Education , which struck down "  separate but equal " laws and ended segregation in schools . Treu put a spotlight on the negative impact  loss of competency and earning potential  that grossly ineffective teachers have on kids and labeled it "  compelling " and "  a shock to the system . " The judicial beat down was so complete and unequivocal , the judge struck down any and all laws that protect grossly ineffective teachers at the expense of kids , including laws that protect "  permanent employment status , " "  first in first out " and "  dismissal statutes . " Here were the key elements of the ruling : 1 . California is one of 37 states that give permanent employment status to teachers in three years or less . In California , it was a mere 18 months on the job . The judge found that both teachers and students are "  disadvantaged " by the practice and that there 's "  no legally cognizable reason  let alone a compelling one  " to rush to tenure . 2 . "  Dismissal statues . " Experts testified that dismissals in California are "  extremely rare " and administrators find it next to "  impossible " to get rid of ineffective teachers . In 38 states , teachers can have multiple appeals and the process is so complex and costly it can take up to 10 years in some states and cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to remove someone . The judge found the termination process such a joke he called it an "  illusion . " 3 . "  Last In , First Out . " In 33 states , if there are layoffs , it 's last in , first out with no regard of merit . The judge raised the common-sense point that if the best teacher is the junior one , his or her merit should be considered in the decision of who to lay off . The message is loud and clear : Students , we 've got your back . Unions , get ready for a fight . And a fight it will be . This is n't just a case about schools in California , but one that education reformers and teachers ' unions are watching across the nation . The unions plan to fight for tenure all the way to the Supreme Court if they have to -- and it 's a fight I believe they will lose in both the courts of law and the court of public opinion . We all agree that schools are a place where the first and foremost goal should be to help children learn and succeed . We also agree that schools are failing . Pick any metric  drop-out rates , comparisons to other countries , grade-level competencies  , and you 'll find a system that 's horribly broken . Ask anyone how to fix it and you 'll get widely different answers . I personally agree with both Sir Ken Robinson 's assessment of our schools and his argument for a total paradigm shift in education ; you may have a different TED Talk you prefer on education . Great , competent teachers are the single most important factor in kids in-school learning and growth experience . I encourage you to read the opinion . This judge acknowledges how powerful teachers are and describes the power they truly have to make a difference : "  Competent teachers are a critical , if not most important component of success of a child 's in-school education experience . " There are many outside-school factors that impact students : poverty , violence , home life , health , nutrition or disabilities but as this judge so eloquently writes , "  quality of teaching is what matters most for the students ' development and learning in school . " This decision is n't an indictment of teachers in general ; it 's a statement about the critical difference they make  positive and negative  and a take down of laws that protect the "  grossly inadequate " ones . It 's sad that the unions are gearing up for a fight . It 's too bad the judge could n't just make his decision and assign a little homework instead . How remarkable would it be to see a teachers union leader , who claims that the union puts kids first , have to write an essay reflecting on the lessons learned after hearing testimony for two months . Maybe , just maybe , 18 months is a bit hasty for a tenure review . Maybe "  Last In , First Out " is n't the best layoff system for kids or for teachers . Maybe overhauling the dismissal process for incompetent teachers is not only best for students but actually strengthens the union because its active members are the ones who are more effective in the classroom . It was a shame in 1954 that students had to sue to gain their constitutional right to equal access to education , and it 's a shame that 60 years later students are still fighting to secure it and teachers ' unions are the ones fighting them every step of the way .	Judge in California ruled the state 's tenure laws are unconstitutional He found that tenure denies students their right to a decent education Mel Robbins : Teachers ' unions intend to appeal the ruling , which will become a national test case She says the unions are going to lose in the courts of law and the court of public opinion
RealSimple.com  -- A lengthy separation -- and a surprise trip to Paris -- caused this husband and wife to realize that their marriage could be saved . Mary L. Tabor and Del Persinger Washington , D.C. Married 26 years Mary was still in her nightgown and robe , sipping a cappuccino in the kitchen of the Washington , D.C. , brownstone she shared with her husband , Del , when he walked in and announced he wanted to live alone . They had been married for 21 years . "  I did n't know what had hit me , " Mary , 64 , recalls of that fall morning in 2005 . "  I wondered , does he have a girlfriend ? A boyfriend ? I had no idea what was wrong . " Although the couple 's relationship had been strained for a few months , Mary simply assumed they were going through a rough patch . She attributed Del 's loss of interest in sex and his suddenly quick temper to stress from his high-pressure job as a financial analyst . "  Del was so on edge that he would yell at me about every little thing -- like a knife accidentally placed in the dishwasher with the point up , " says Mary , a writer and a teacher . Still , she figured that things would soon return to normal . RealSimple.com : How to break bad habits For Del , the decision had been a long time coming . Increasingly restless within his marriage , he wondered whether it was holding him back from leading a more exciting life . "  I knew the problem was n't Mary -- it was me , " he says . "  And I felt I needed to work through my mixed emotions alone . " To Mary 's frustration , Del could n't articulate any of these concerns -- all she knew was that he wanted a separation . She and Del took turns sleeping in the guest room for a few months until she moved into an apartment of her own . By January 2006 , the couple had hired attorneys . Their home , which they had spent the previous seven years painstakingly renovating , was put up for sale . Mary felt "  broken " without Del , who had helped her raise two children from her first marriage and supported her through the deaths of her parents and sister . "  He understood me better than anyone , " she says . She tried to move on and began dating other men -- to little avail . "  I was still in love with my husband . " For Del , the bachelor lifestyle lost its luster rather quickly . "  I thought the separation would allow me to make all those friends I never had , do all the things I never did , " says Del , 61 . But in reality his days were fairly mundane . "  I went to work , went to the gym , and spent the rest of my time reading . " He also found himself stalling on the divorce negotiations , bringing up smaller and smaller details . In retrospect , he realizes he probably did that to prolong the process indefinitely . By August 2009 , the couple had cautiously started spending time together again , even venturing out on a few dates . "  It was n't the dinners or dances that made me feel in love , but the conversations , " says Mary . Del , who had been seeing a therapist , finally opened up to her about his worries and fears . "  To me , the most seductive thing a man can do is be truly honest , " says Mary . Del had clearly experienced a change of heart . But Mary , concerned it would n't last , wanted time to think . In the winter of 2009 , she took an extended trip alone to Paris . One morning , as she was having her breakfast , her cell phone rang . It was Del. . He had flown in from D.C. and was outside her building . Could he come up ? Mary buzzed him in , and when he reached her doorway , suitcase in hand , he told her how much he loved her . That grand romantic gesture , so out of character for Del , "  moved me deeply , " says Mary . "  At that moment , I thought our marriage could be saved . " RealSimple.com : Things worth admitting to A few weeks later , the pair flew home together . Del sold his apartment and moved in with Mary . Divorce proceedings were halted . Their "  new " relationship is free of the stressful arguments that were so commonplace back in 2005 , the couple report . "  I 'm not confused anymore , so I 'm a more contented person , " says Del. . "  Del is at ease with himself , and that makes him at ease in the world , " Mary explains . "  When people hear that Del left me , they say , ` You were betrayed ! ' But I do n't feel that way . Look , life is messy . I 'm happy we got this second shot . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	After 21 years of marriage , Del announced to his wife that he wanted to live alone Mary felt "  broken " without Del , who had helped raise her two children Mary and Del say open communication repaired their marriage
CNN  -- Six umpires accused of corruption in an Indian television sting will not be considered for selection , the International Cricket Council  ICC  has confirmed . The ICC launched an "  urgent " investigation on Monday following an India TV expose which alleged certain officials were willing to fix matches at the recent T20 World Cup in exchange for payment . Two of the accused umpires are Pakistani , two are from Bangladesh and another two are from Sri Lanka -- where the 20-over tournament was held . None of the officials featured in the show were involved in matches at the tournament , which was won by the West Indies on Sunday . "  The International Cricket Council  ICC  and its relevant full member boards have agreed not to appoint any of the umpires named in a sting operation recently conducted by India TV to any domestic or international cricket matches pending the outcome of the ongoing investigations into the allegations made. , " said an ICC statement . "  The officials named are not contracted by the ICC and those Boards who employ and nominate the umpires directly will conduct the investigations as a matter of urgency . " One of the two Pakistani officials is the only member of the six on the ICC 's elite panel . He last took charge of an international match in November 2010 . A 48-year-old Bangladeshi umpire has officiated 40 one-day matches and three T20 contests . In November 2011 , three Pakistan players were jailed for accepting money to deliberately bowl "  no balls " in a Test match against England . Former captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were also banned from international cricket for five years .	ICC will not select six officials accused of corruption for international duty An India TV sting alleged half-a-dozen officials were willing to fix T20 World Cup matches Two of the officials from Pakistan , two from Bangladesh while two are Sri Lankan None of the officials accused were involved in matches at the 20-over tournament
CNN  -- You never know who 's watching . As a child , I always thought this saying meant I had to make sure I was on my best behavior when grown-ups were n't around to make me mind . Over the past year , however , the phrase has taken on new meaning for me . In January 2012 , I joined the Y and started the journey of my life . I had already been walking and working on small changes to my diet . I was determined to become the emotionally and physically healthy individual I deserved to be . I was beginning to figure out I was worth my own time and effort . The key to fitness ? Schedule it in At first my decision seemed selfish to those in my family who were used to having all my attention . When I could n't pick up a prescription , pay a bill or go to the store for them because it was gym time , I was being self-centered . I was about to discover my family members were n't the only ones watching . I 'm blessed with close friends who are all health conscious and actively fit . One of my dearest friends , Anje , had been watching me for six months and said , "  Let me help you . " Those are the four most powerful words I 've ever heard . I did n't know how much I needed help until she was there every day . She taught me how to work out effectively and safely ; she pushed me when I could n't push myself . But the best gift of all was her friendship . I was now the one watching . By the end of 2012 , I was at the gym six days a week . The weight was melting off , and everyone was noticing . The athlete I used to be My co-workers would ask , "  How much ? " My family finally realized that being healthy was a serious and necessary transformation . My friends told me how proud and inspired they were . It was one thing for people I know to watch , but people at the gym had been watching , too . One day Anje and I were working on biceps when one of the regular weightlifter guys came over and said , "  We are here every day and we see you every day . We just have to say your transformation is amazing ! " That was one of my proudest and most humbling moments at the gym . A few weeks ago I was running . I had been sick earlier in the week , and it was n't a good run for me . I was thinking about walking my fifth mile when a stranger came by and said , "  You 're killing it . " I ran that fifth mile thinking about mind over matter . My relationship with my sister Judy is strained , so the idea that anything I do could affect her is shocking . Judy decided a few months ago she wanted gastric bypass surgery . I do n't agree with it , but I never tried to talk her out of it . Trust me when I say weight loss is more mental than it is physical . The physical part is easy ; changing your mind is the challenge . Imagine my surprise when a few weeks ago , Judy told me , "  I 've been watching you , and I 've seen the weight loss . But I 've also seen how happy you 've become . I 've decided I need to work on my mind and not just on losing weight . You 've done it right , and I 'm trying your way first . " She 's been watching the whole time . Getting fit for the family I love I spent all of 2012 working to become healthy in mind and body . I 'm continuing that journey into 2013 with CNN Fit Nation , and it 's one I will continue for the rest of my life . I never knew simply taking care of myself would have such a widespread effect . Now when I hear , "  You never know who 's watching , " I realize it means I need to live life by example . I may just change another life in the process . Follow Miller on Twitter @TriHardAnnette .	Family and friends may not understand weight loss efforts at first They 'll come around when they see the transformation , Annette Miller says Miller has lost more than 100 pounds since January 2012
CNN  -- The desperate search in Portland , Maine , for a Harvard Business School student missing since Sunday ended in heartbreak after his body was found just days before he was to graduate . Portland Police Chief Michael Sauschuck confirmed Tuesday that a body pulled from Portland Harbor in the city 's Old Port area is that of 31-year-old Nathan Bihlmaier . "  It 's a tragic end . We had high hopes throughout working with the family and the community to bring Nate home . These were n't the circumstances that we wanted , " Sauschuck told reporters . He said there 's no indication of foul play , but investigators are working to piece together Bihlmaier 's final hours using security camera video from nearby businesses . Cops : Body of missing girl , 19 , found in woods Bihlmaier and two friends drove from Cambridge , Massachusetts , to Portland last weekend to celebrate his graduation from Harvard . According to police reports , Bihlmaier was asked to leave the Ri Ra Irish pub on Commercial Street around 12:20 a.m. Sunday because he was visibly intoxicated . He left alone but never returned to his hotel , prompting his friends to report him missing , police said . Arrest made in missing California teen case For two days , police divers , using side-scan sonar , searched Portland Harbor for the missing man . On Monday , authorities announced that divers had found Bihlmaier 's clothing . Bihlmaier 's wife , Nancy , who is pregnant with their first child , traveled to Portland to help police in their search efforts . "  It 's a day that will now be forever tinged with sadness , " Nitin Nohria , dean of Harvard Business School , told reporters after learning Bihlmaier 's body had been found . Nohria also said this week 's commencement activities will be bittersweet as Bihlmaier 's classmates mourn . "  We 're a tight-knit community preparing for a graduation . Nathan was supposed to be one of 900 receiving a diploma . We were all hoping this would be a day Nathan could celebrate . Instead , we are here trying to grasp this unspeakable tragedy , " Nohria said . Is this what Baby Gabriel looks like today ?	Body of missing Harvard Business School student pulled from Portland Harbor Nathan Bihlmaier , 31 , was missing since Sunday ; he was to have graduated Thursday Police chief in Portland says there 's no indication of foul play Harvard Business School dean says commencement activities will be "  bittersweet "
CNN  -- Rob Lowe 's vacation in France took a scary turn on Wednesday because of one very bad storm . The 50-year-old actor and his family had to be rescued from their vacation home in Grasse , France , after heavy downpours caused frightening floods . "  That 's the first floor of our house submerged , " Lowe 's son Johnny captioned an Instagram photo that has since been removed . "  Scariest hour or so of my life . " Lowe shared another photo of the rapidly moving water , which was "  right outside the house , " he wrote . "  Was twice as high at the worst , just before sunrise . " Local officials told People magazine that the Lowes had just experienced "  the biggest storm of the year . " "  Water rising like that can be terrifying , " one official said to the magazine . "  There 's only one rescue station in Grasse , and this storm required assistance from several other regional units . We were called out on a lot of emergency rescues yesterday . " The Lowe family was one of them . As the "  Parks and Recreation " star 's son shared on Twitter , the family is grateful to the first responders who came through . "  Thank you to the fireman that saved us from this nightmare , " Johnny posted . "  Happy for us all to be safe , thoughts to others . "	Rob Lowe and his family had to be rescued while on vacation in France The family 's vacation home was affected by a massive storm The family is thankful to the first responders who rescued them
New York  CNN  -- When asked what the Americans with Disabilities Act means to him on its 20th anniversary , Gary Talbot pauses and says it 's tough to put in words . Instead of directly answering the question , he begins to describe in vivid detail his journey from able-bodied man to able-bodied wheelchair user . A gifted auto mechanic , Talbot was driving home in his yellow '76 Honda CVCC Civic around 11 p.m. on Interstate 25 just north of Denver , Colorado , after a 14-hour shift . The lanky , freewheeling 24-year-old had just completed an overhaul of his Honda that night -- October 4 , 1980 -- when , as Talbot put it , he " literally took a nap behind the wheel . " A few weeks earlier , Talbot said , a concrete hauler had hit the freeway median , taking out a big chunk of it . Instead of hitting the median , which might have woken him up in time , Talbot 's Honda went straight through the open gap and into oncoming traffic . The collision flipped his car a few times and sent it skidding down the highway . Before police arrived , people rushed to the crash site to help while Talbot sat in the driver 's seat of the now upside down car -- with its engine still running . "  I was all so proud of my work and to crunch it up on the first day , I was really pissed , " Talbot said . When he turned off the engine , gas began pouring out of the carburetor . Talbot thought he was going to go up in flames . That was when he tried for the first time to push himself out -- and he realized he could n't move . "  I thought , what the hell 's going on , I must have slipped a disc or something and then I asked the guy to help me and he said he would n't " because he was afraid of being sued . A few other men approached the wreckage and " put a coat over my head so I would n't be able to identify anybody , " Talbot said . Once at the hospital , Talbot remembers the doctor 's good news-bad news speech : " ` You 're going to live ; you 're never going to walk again , ' " Talbot recalled . Rebuilding his life After the initial shock and physical pain started to ease , Talbot was relieved to be alive and thankful no one else was hurt in the accident . " ' I think I can make this work OK . I can still move my upper body . I 'll still have good arm strength and shoulder strength . I can figure this thing out , and it wo n't be that bad of a deal , ' " Talbot recalls thinking . Within weeks , Talbot was fixing his doctor 's car at the spinal cord hospital where he was being treated . The car would n't idle and the doctor challenged him to give it a try . Everyone in the hospital was in worse condition than Talbot , who said the doctor told him , " You 're going to learn how to get up off the floor and into your wheelchair by yourself and you 're going to learn how to do wheelies and bounce up and down stairs . " ' He tossed Talbot the keys to his MG and told him to get to work . When he was finally home again , Talbot had trouble finding a job as a mechanic , even though he proved he could do the work . "  They would n't let me fill out applications , " he said . "  They would tell me there were n't cripples on staff and that their customers did n't want to see a guy in a wheelchair fixing a car . " So he opened his own auto shop , Gary 's Honda Service . Six years later , he lost the business after becoming ill . Talbot then went back to school to earn his GED and then to the University of Michigan to study mechanical engineering . He also began learning about the need for accessibility for the disabled and landed a job with General Motors and later Disney -- helping both companies comply with ADA regulations . A new mission In 2007 , Talbot left Florida to join the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority as assistant general manager for systemwide accessibility . As the new guy heading up the Boston transit system 's efforts to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act , Talbot learned the hard way that he had a tough ride ahead . The ADA debate rages on , 20 years later After he and his wife drove 30 hours to Boston and they dropped off their rental car , they decided to take the city bus . The bus pulled up in the middle of the road and , "  The driver looks right at me , lets three people off the second door in the back , looks at me , closes the door , slams the throttle and splits . " "  It was just typical . " In a class-action lawsuit in 2003 , a group of riders sued the area 's mass transit operator , the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority , because it was so inaccessible . According to Talbot , the elevators did n't work half the time , bus lifts were broken and drivers were not educated in dealing with the disabled . The next morning , the driver who 'd left Talbot on the street found himself in Talbot 's new office along with union representatives . Talbot said the driver was remorseful but gave the excuse that he was running late to get back to the terminal near the end of his shift . "  Boy , I tell you , I wanted to fire that guy so bad I could taste it . " They agreed to a few days off without pay and two years of probation . The union and management urged Talbot to understand that drivers had not been trained yet . After all , his new job , they said , was to develop tools to turn around accessibility compliance at MBTA , which serves more than 1.3 million riders a day . And in building up the organization , that is exactly what Talbot did . Fast track to accessibility Since he 's been on board , he estimates MBTA has spent about $ 100 million on accessibility , putting it on what he calls a fast track to carry out projects that should have been done 15 years ago . Now 54 , Talbot said his prime accomplishment has been revamping the procedures bus drivers follow to accommodate wheelchair users , the deaf and blind and people who use a cane , walker or crutches . He oversaw the creation of a step-by-step " cookbook " that teaches a driver "  how to win -- how to feel good about himself when someone with a disability gets on the bus . " When Talbot started at MBTA three years ago , drivers pulled to the curb and lowered the bus -- or kneeled -- for disabled passengers about 25 percent of the time . That percentage figure is now in the mid-80s , Talbot said , but he wo n't be satisfied until it happens without fail . Under the rules , drivers who fail to kneel their buses for the disabled are disciplined , which was n't the case in the past . MBTA went from " the bottom of the barrel to industry leading " in its accessibility for the disabled , Talbot said . Drivers underwent rigorous training that involved sitting in wheelchairs themselves and pushing their way up ramps and into buses . Many of the drivers could n't even do it , Talbot said . With a staff of nine whose full-time job is to focus on accessibility , his department 's budget is $ 1.5 million . Talbot also spearheaded a new accessibility design standard for future MBTA rail vehicles , meaning the system will tell manufacturers what to put in the car , rather than "  buying them off the rack . " The Americans with Disabilities Act does n't just give disabled people physical access to buildings , restaurants and restrooms , Talbot said . It opens invisible doors and walls that would-be employers and others can put up when they see a disabled person . "  How can you think about being a participant and getting that full bite of the apple out of all our society has to offer if you 're just taken and set aside and told ` You know , we do n't have enough work . ' You do n't even get to fill out the application , " Talbot said . "  That was pre-ADA . " " Now you have to look at the value of the individual and what the individual could potentially do rather than what your perception of the individual could do was . " ADA : Too far or not far enough ? While critics say the law , which President George H.W. Bush signed on July 26 , 1990 , can be burdensome , costly and an overextension of the government 's authority over the private sector , others say it could be stronger . For instance , Talbot says the ADA requires that at least one entrance on new buildings be accessible . "  What about the other two entrances ? Why in the world would you segregate people with disabilities to only one entrance ? " Talbot also thinks faith helped him through his own life circumstances . "  I think I 've made it . I have a great job . I would n't wish my injury on anybody and I do n't like the fact that I ca n't walk down the street or go jogging or climb a hill or ride a bicycle . " " There 's so much that I can do and I 've been able to do that I just would n't change anything about my life . " Talbot has been invited to celebrate the ADA 's 20th anniversary with a visit to the White House on Monday . There he hopes to toast his 13th wedding anniversary with his wife , Pamela . "  I 've been given a second chance , and I value that second chance every minute of every day . "	Paralyzed auto mechanic 's life transformed by Americans with Disabilities Act Gary Talbot describes rise from a horrific car wreck to transit executive On first day in town as transit exec , bus driver wo n't pick him up because of his wheelchair Talbot will celebrate ADA 's 20th anniversary at the White House on Monday
CNN  -- When five-year-old Xiao Ge starts primary school in Guangzhou next year , she wo n't endure strict discipline and mountains of homework . Unlike the school life of most children in China , her days will be filled with art , music and creative learning at a private Waldorf school . Xiao is part of a fast-growing number of Chinese children whose parents are turning their backs on the state-run education system , which is based on rote learning and limited critical thinking . Instead , they are choosing independently-run schools that use the Waldorf , Montessori , or Reggio Emilia pedagogies . Despite a lack of regulation over these schools , parents prefer the humanistic approach of these classrooms and the perceived softer learning environment . "  Compared with studying under the public system , my daughter will get a healthier education and life here , " says Xiao 's mother , Lu Dan , when we met at the Hairong Waldorf School Xiao is attending in the southeastern city of Guangzhou . As we tour the school , headmaster Wei Yueling , casually dressed in a tweed jacket and sneakers , playfully grabs one of the students by the waist and spins her in the air , making other kids scream with laughter . At a state-run school , a similar scene of student-teacher bonding would be next to unthinkable . Global attention China has undeniably gained the world 's attention for outstanding academic performance . Shanghai 's 15-year olds lead in mathematics , science and reading , as seen in the 2013 Pisa survey by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , rating the performance of children across 65 regions . Urban Chinese families are particularly invested in their children 's education . Don Starr , a lecturer at Britain 's Durham University , points out in a research paper that these families spend more than 30 % of their household income on their children 's education , compared to 2 % in the UK . But the "  tiger mom , wolf dad " approach to education is not without consequence . Chinese youth suffer higher levels of depression and lower self-esteem than their peers elsewhere . Last autumn , a 10-year-old boy in the city of Chengdu reportedly jumped 30 floors to his death after failing to write a 1,000-word letter of self-criticism demanded by his teacher . Perhaps in reaction to this phenomenon , China has seen a major expansion of alternative teaching establishments . These schools emphasize a holistic approach to education and use qualitative assessment methods , especially for kindergarten and primary school students . While there are no official figures for the current number of alternative schools in China , headmaster Wei estimates that some 40 schools and as many as 500 kindergartens operate across the country . His own primary school and three kindergartens in Guangzhou have about 300 students , each paying CNY40 ,000  US$ 6,500  a year , with 300 more queuing to get in . Education for the whole family For Lu Dan and her husband , their choice of school is about much more than their daughter 's education . The Waldorf philosophy can be embraced by the whole family . With a focus on developing free-thinking and morally responsible individuals , the humanistic Waldorf concepts offer a sense of relief from the purely materialistic lifestyle that many of the country 's new middle class have been caught up in . Two years ago , Lu attended a Waldorf workshop where she met Wei . She recalls becoming immediately captivated by the philosophy . "  It was like a calling , like realizing your destiny , " Lu says . "  Waldorf became the start of a more relaxed and happier life . " One of the first things the family did was to get rid of their television and computer games , which immediately opened up plenty of time for "  real life and real play , " says Lu . They are far from alone . Some 40 families have moved to the area where the school is , creating a community for like-minded people . Many parents volunteer for the school , which regularly hosts workshops on Waldorf education and related topics , often featuring experts from abroad . Headmaster Wei studied the Waldorf pedagogy in 2007 , after which he left his nine-year career as a photographer to open his first kindergarten . He observes that many parents come to his school with a desire to change their lives , but not knowing how . "  I speak to parents who do n't know how to play with their children anymore . They just put them in front of the television screen , " he says . "  Often the father is working so much and comes home so late at night that the child hardly knows they live in the same apartment . After coming to our school they learn good ways to be with their children . They get more quality out of life . Waldorf is a therapeutic form of education that can help the whole family . " Doubts over authenticity Some say , however , that alternative schools are proliferating out of control . There are few regulations around the growth of these private schools . The U.S.-based Montessori Foundation and the Association of Waldorf Schools both offer online courses for those interested in starting a school . Teacher education programs are also available involving at least one year of study . However , as the demand for these schools go up in China , some are hastily opened without a full understanding of the philosophy behind the brands . Gina Lofquist , the director of the Montessori education program at Xavier University in the U.S. , sees the number of Montessori schools explode in China , but doubts that there are enough qualified teachers to fill the new classrooms . "  I 've been to so-called Montessori preschools where there was not a trace of Montessori material , " says Lofquist . "  Instead , they had a big flat screen television in the middle of the room , something that goes totally against our beliefs . There 's no way to train enough teachers for all those new schools . A lot of money is being made from these franchises but the parents are not getting what they pay for . " The same situation can be seen at other private schools , including Waldorfs , according to several teachers and parents in Guangzhou and Hong Kong that we spoke with . Despite the growing interest in alternative education forms , most Chinese parents are still reluctant to hop on the bandwagon . The biggest fear is that opting out of the state-run system will lower their child 's chances at passing the notorious "  gaokao , " the national college entrance exam that determines which Chinese university a student will enter . Lu Ziwen , professor of English language at Central China Normal University and a member of the state English curriculum standard team , is far from convinced by alternative education . Less homework , he argues , is not the path to future success . "  Many parents think that you should not let the child lose at the starting line , " he says , referring to a popular proverb . All this seems far removed from Xiao Ge who is happily playing on the swings in the school playground , unconcerned about future exams and career prospects . Instead , she is putting all her energy into being just a child .	Chinese parents seeking alternatives to rote learning in state-run schools for their young children Holistic education philosophies affect not only the student , but the student 's family lifestyle as well Lack of regulation over new alternative schools may become a problem
Baghdad  CNN  -- A member of Iraq 's governing coalition has told CNN he expects Tariq Aziz , Iraq 's top diplomat under Saddam Hussein , to be executed next year . Saad Yousif al-Muttalibi said in an interview in Baghdad : "  It will definitely take place , and it will take place after the Americans leave Iraq . " A lawyer for Aziz , who served as foreign minister and later deputy prime minister , said he was surprised . "  I did not expect the government would be that stupid ; by doing this they will drag this country to the edge of the abyss , " said Badi Arif in a telephone interview . "  What about the national reconciliation that this government has been calling for ? The government 's position will be even weaker if they carry out the execution after the American troops leave the country and this will lead to more conflict among Iraqi factions . " A Justice Ministry official said the execution of Aziz , like those of other former regime members , will be carried out once the Presidency Council ratifies the order and hands it over to the ministry . The execution "  is not linked and has never been linked to the U.S. military presence nor to political pressure , " the official said . Separately , a new law is under consideration that would require death sentences be ratified by the president within 15 days of their being handed down , al-Muttalibi said . Al-Muttalibi added that all of Iraqi society , including members of the three main sectarian groups -- Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds -- favor the law . Aziz was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003 , shortly after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Hussein . He appeared frail when he testified in Hussein 's 2006 trial on war crimes charges , for which the ousted dictator was hanged later that year . Aziz was sentenced to death in October 2010 by the Iraqi High Tribunal for his role in eliminating religious parties during Hussein 's regime . His family was shocked by the verdict , his daughter told CNN at the time . "  My father served his country for more than 22 years . He delivered himself to the U.S. Army  after the fall of Hussein  because he was n't afraid . He did n't do anything wrong . He served his country , " Aziz 's daughter , Zainab Aziz , said . "  He has been wronged . " Arif said last year that there was a political motive behind the death sentence . "  Mr. Aziz used to always tell me , ` They 'll find a way to kill me , and there is no way for me to escape this , ' " Arif told CNN . "  But from a legal perspective , this sentence is wrong ; this is illegal and this is unexpected . " Aziz served as deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 , also holding the post of foreign minister for part of that time . After the verdict was announced , Amnesty International urged Iraq not to carry out the sentences , even as it acknowledged the brutality of Hussein 's regime . "  Saddam Hussein 's rule was synonymous with executions , torture and other gross human rights violations , and it is right that those who committed crimes are brought to justice , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's director for the Middle East and North Africa in 2010 . "  However , it is vital that the death penalty , which is the ultimate denial of human rights , should never be used , whatever the gravity of the crime , " he said in a written statement . The Vatican also opposed the death sentence , spokesman Federico Lombardi told CNN . "  This is not the most adequate way to promote reconciliation and reconstruction of justice and peace in a country that has suffered so much , " he said . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this story	Governing coalition member : Aziz will be put to death after U.S. forces leave "  It will definitely take place , " says Saad Yousif al-Muttalibi A lawyer for Aziz says the decision is "  stupid " and rooted in politics Amnesty International , the Vatican criticize the verdict
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Wednesday his administration will respond to new Ebola cases "  in a much more aggressive way , " taking charge of the issue after a second Texas health care worker was diagnosed with the disease . Obama scrapped plans to attend Democratic fund-raisers in New Jersey and Connecticut on Wednesday afternoon so that he could huddle with Cabinet members and officials who are leading the administration 's Ebola response . The meeting came amid questions about how two health care workers could have contracted Ebola in a country said to have strict protocols in place -- and with one of those Ebola victims having flown on a commercial jet Monday . Afterward , the President sought to tamp down fears of of an outbreak of the disease within the United States -- saying that he shook hands with , hugged and kissed nurses who 'd treated an American doctor who contracted Ebola in Africa , and felt safe . Obama acknowledged that even foolproof plans do n't work when local health care providers do n't know how to carry them out -- and said his administration will make sure "  certain local hospitals that may not have that experience are walked through that process as carefully as possible . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will have "  SWAT teams " ready to send to hospitals where future cases are discovered , he said . Obama has spoken with the heads of Japan , Germany , Italy , France and England to prod them to pump more resources into combating the Ebola outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . Doing so , he said , "  is an investment in our own public health . It 's not simply charity . " The heightened attention came as Republicans pummeled the president . Rep. Tom Marino of Pennsylvania said the situation "  is beginning to spiral out of control , " and said CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden should resign . "  The reports my colleagues and I have received are utterly unacceptable and the information provided to the public has been cryptic and in some cases misleading , " Marino said . "  This has provided a false sense of security to many of our citizens . " Sen. John Thune of South Dakota and House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania said the United States should ban people who live in or have visited West Africa from entering the country . House Speaker John Boehner said the United States should consider a travel ban "  along with any other appropriate actions as doubts about the security of our air travel systems grow . " "  The administration must be able to assure Americans that we will stop the spread here at home , " Boehner , an Ohio Republican , said in a statement . "  We will continue to press the administration for better information about what steps will be taken to protect the American people , including our troops , from this deadly virus , " he said . "  And we will work with the administration on appropriate policy options that will help stop the spread of this horrific disease both here in the United States and around the globe . " State-level officials who 'd insisted they had the situation under control changed their plans , as well . Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- lambasted by Democrats in his state for leaving on a trade mission to Europe this week -- decided to scrap the last three days of his trip and return to his state Thursday to lead the state 's Ebola response in person . Perry said Wednesday that he speaks daily with Dr. Brett Giroir , who heads an infectious disease task force that Perry formed earlier this month , and Dr. David Lakey , commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services . Those two are helming the state 's efforts . "  This is the first time that our nation has had to deal with a threat such as this . Everyone working on this challenge -- from the medical professionals at the bedside to the public health officials addressing containment of the infection -- is working to end the threat posed by this disease , " Perry said in a statement . "  These individuals are keeping the health and safety of Texans and the needs of the patients as their most critical tasks , " he said . "  Every relevant agency at the local , state and national levels is working to support these individuals . "	President Obama meets with Cabinet members and health officials He seeks to reassure Americans that an Ebola outbreak in the United States is unlikely Republicans criticize the White House 's response and call for travel bans
CNN  -- It 's supposed to be known as the "  Beautiful Game " but the ugly face of racism returned to haunt European football once again Wednesday . Manchester City 's Yaya Toure , the Ivory Coast midfielder , was subjected to "  monkey chants " during his side 's 2-1 Champions League win against CSKA Moscow in Russia . City is expected to make a formal complaint to UEFA , the game 's European governing body , with Toure urging for action to be taken following his side 's victory courtesy of two goals from Sergio Aguero . "  A couple of months ago , a friend was playing at Milan and he had the same problem , and today with me again , it 's always the same , " he told the club 's official website . "  I hope they will change it , I hope they will get big sanctions . They have to ban them at some stage , they have to ban a club for a couple of years . "  They do n't know . They have to do something about it or they will always continue with it . I do n't know why we just have this in football -- in volleyball or rugby , we do n't have it . "  A few times when I went to the goal and tried to score , I missed it , some of the fans reacted badly . It 's always the same - what they say about racism , but they have to stop it now . We have to act , I hope that UEFA will take action . I want it to stop . "  If UEFA do n't take action about that , it will continue . We always have some guy saying ` we will have it , blah blah blah ' . " Toure went on Twitter to thanks fans for their support following the incident with thousands retweeting his sentiments . He tweeted : "  Thank you for your support ! Hate or racism can not affect me when so many people are showing me love and support on a daily basis ! "  I believe in football institutions , I know decision makers will take their responsibilities and show a red card to racism . " City captain Vincent Kompany , who is of Congolese descent , took to Twitter to hit out at the abuse and sent a message to UEFA and the Russian government . "  Racist chants again in Moscow today . . We 've all said enough . @UEFAcom , @GovernmentRF , CSKA , all eyes are on you now . . " UEFA has vowed to crack down harder on fans which continue to partake in racial abuse . In May , the body 's executive committee ratified a 10-match minimum ban for racial abuse by players or officials . At the time , UEFA General Secretary Gianni Infantino stated that the organization 's 53 members should adopt the same measures . According to the new regulations , the first sanction for a club whose fans are found guilty of racist abuse will be a partial stadium closure . If the abuse persists , then there will be a full stadium closure and a $ 65,000 fine handed out . "  An association should adopt the same or similar measures , " Infantino said in May . "  UEFA has always acted in a way to try to convince people rather than impose . I do n't think you measure the way of fighting against racism in one simple measure and sanction . " In August , Polish club Legia Warsaw was fined $ 41,000 and ordered to close the north stand of its stadium following racist behavior by supporters during a Champions League second qualifying round tie . UEFA has been heavily criticized in the past for the way it has punished those found guilty of racial abuse compared with other offenses . During Euro 2012 , Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner was handed a $ 125,800 fine for revealing a betting company 's logo on his underwear after lifting his shirt while celebrating a goal . UEFA also handed out a larger fine to Chelsea following its semifinal defeat by Barcelona in 2009 after Didier Drogba confronted referee Tom Ovrebo after his failure to award the London club several penalties . When it comes to punishment for racism , UEFA has imposed relatively small fines , which has left the governing body open to extreme criticism . Back in 2002 , the Slovakian Football Association was hit with a $ 29,000 fine after fans abused England duo Ashley Cole and Emile Heskey . A year later , Cole , Heskey and Sol Campbell were abused while on England duty in Macedonia with the host FA being forced to pay a fine of $ 27,000 . In June 2007 , the Football Association of Serbia was punished with a $ 27,000 fine after its fans racially abused England players during the Under-21 Championship Finals in Holland . The Croatian FA was made to pay just $ 16,000 after its fans were found guilty of "  displaying a racist banner and showing racist conduct " during the Euro 2008 quarterfinal tie with Turkey . In 2011 , Bulgaria 's FA was hit with a $ 54,000 fine after England 's Ashley Young , Ashley Cole and Theo Walcott were racially abused during a Euro 2012 qualifier in Sofia . Porto was fined $ 27,000 after its fans racially abused Manchester City 's Mario Balotelli during a Europa League game last April . That decision came a full six weeks after the incident and was then frowned upon further , after UEFA fined City $ 40,000 for coming out late ahead of the second-half of their last-16 Europa League game at Sporting Lisbon . Both Russia  $ 39,000  and Spain  $ 26,000  were fined at Euro 2012 following problems of racism , but neither country was hit as hard in the pocket as Denmark striker Bendtner .	Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure urges UEFA to take action on racism Toure says he was racially abused during game at CSKA Moscow Vincent Kompany makes plea on Twitter Club to make an official complaint following incident
CNN  -- A unified lawsuit on behalf of more than 2,000 National Football League players has been filed against the league in federal court , alleging that the NFL failed to acknowledge and address neurological risks associated with the sport and then deliberately failed to tell players about the risks they faced , according to attorneys representing former players . The complaint , filed in federal court in Philadelphia , unites the more than 80 pending lawsuits filed against the NFL . "  I firmly believe the NFL could have and should have done more to protect Ray . That 's why I am seeking to hold the NFL accountable , " said Mary Ann Easterling , widow of former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling , who committed suicide in April after years with dementia . "  Having lived through Ray 's struggle , I desperately hope and pray others can be spared the pain and suffering we have endured -- and still endure every day . " NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy acknowledged the filing but added that there was nothing new to the claim other than that it merges them all . "  Our legal team will review today 's filing that is intended to consolidate plaintiffs ' existing claims into one ` master ' complaint , " he said . "  The NFL has long made player safety a priority and continues to do so . Any allegation that the NFL sought to mislead players has no merit . It stands in contrast to the league 's many actions to better protect players and advance the science and medical understanding of the management and treatment of concussions . " However , many NFL players have claimed that they suffer from a variety of injuries because of concussions without really knowing the severity of how badly they could be hurt playing the game . "  The NFL must open its eyes to the consequences of its actions , " said Kevin Turner , a former running back for the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles who has been diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . "  The NFL has the power not only to give former players the care they deserve , but also to ensure that future generations of football players do not suffer the way that many in my generation have . " Lawyers representing the players cited "  dementia , depression , reduced cognitive ability , sleeplessness , early-onset Alzheimer 's , and a debilitating and latent disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy " as some of the specific injuries caused by head trauma in the NFL . "  Instead of protecting the health of its players , the NFL 's response to this epidemic of brain injuries was to engage in a campaign of deceit and deception , actively concealing the risks players faced from repetitive impacts , " said Christopher Seeger and Sol Weiss , co-lead counsels for the former players . "  This case is about providing security and care to former NFL players who have suffered these devastating neurologic injuries , and making the game safer for generations to come . "	The lawsuit claims the NFL failed to deal with neurological risks The complaint has been filed in Philadelphia It unites dozens of pending suits against the NFL
CNN  -- Spain 's footballing dominance continues as the country 's under-21 team emulated their senior counterparts by winning the European Championship title on Saturday . With Spain having also won the 2010 FIFA World Cup , and top club side Barcelona claiming the 2011 UEFA Champions League , it gives the Iberian nation a full collection of major crowns . Ander Herrera and Thiago Alcantara were on target as the U21s defeated Switzerland 2-0 in the final in Denmark to give Spain a third triumph in the two-yearly age-group tournament -- and first since 1998 . Midfielder Herrera headed the opening goal four minutes before halftime in Aarhus as he stole in at the near post to connect with a cross by left-back Didac Vila . It was the Athletic Bilbao player 's second goal of the tournament , having also scored in the 1-1 group-stage draw with England . It was the first the Swiss had conceded , having marched into the final for the first time with four successive victories . Thiago , part of Barcelona 's double-winning squad last season , sealed Spain 's victory with a moment of genius as he caught goalkeeper Yann Sommer off his line with a 40-meter free-kick . Meanwhile , Belarus qualified for the Olympic Games for the first time after beating the Czech Republic 1-0 in Saturday 's third-place playoff match in Aalborg . Defender Yegor Filipenko volleyed an 88th-minute winner to earn entry to London 2012 after the Czechs had Lukas Vacha sent off with 15 minutes to play for a second yellow card . Belarus had lost 3-1 to Spain in the semifinals , while Switzerland won 1-0 against the Czechs in a match that also went to extra-time .	Spain 's under-21 team beat Switzerland 2-0 in European Championship final It was Spain 's third triumph at the two-yearly event and first since 1998 The country also won the 2008 senior tournament and the 2010 FIFA World Belarus beat Czech Republic 1-0 in third-place playoff to qualify for 2012 Olympics
CNN  -- Coloradans continued to put their lives back together Thursday after last week 's deadly shooting rampage at a crowded movie theater -- some mourning , others returning to homes from which they had been barred for days . More of the scores wounded in last Friday morning 's shooting left hospitals in and around metropolitan Denver , though 12 remained . The last two patients of six that were at Children 's Hospital Colorado were released on Thursday , according to the hospital . The final person being treated at Denver Health Hospital also went home Thursday , said spokesman Tony Encinias . One patient was discharged Thursday from the University of Colorado Hospital ; four of the five who remain there are in critical condition , officials said . Five more shooting victims are being cared for at Aurora Medical Center , and two are in fair condition at Swedish Medical Center in Denver , the hospital said . For others , Thursday was time to mourn . That included scores who packed New Hope Baptist Church in Denver to remember Micayla Medek , a 23-year-old woman who had been working toward her college degree . Speakers at the service reflected on Medek 's love of the color pink and Hello Kitty , her vibrant and positive spirit , and her belief that life and people , in fact , are a "  little weird . " "  I will push myself forward , and I will carry her with me every step of the way , " said Thomas Luong , her roommate and friend since high school . Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan told Medek 's parents , brother and sister that they had the support of thousands , if not millions . He said he had gotten messages from people on all seven continents , expressing their sympathy and solidarity . "  The world knows . The world will remember , " said Hogan . "  We are all part of your family today . We will stay part of your family . " Aurora heroes : Three who gave their lives The man who authorities say opened fire in the theater during the midnight premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises , " killing Medek and 11 others , is in custody after being ordered held without bond . James Holmes , who identified himself to police as "  the Joker , " made his first court appearance on Monday and will be formally charged July 30 . Two court orders , signed by Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester , were posted on a court website Thursday noting restrictions on information the University of Colorado could release about Holmes . The 24-year-old had recently dropped out of a Ph.D program in neuroscience out of the school 's campus in Aurora . Prosecutor in shootings has courted controversy The orders , in addition to a previous one issued Wednesday aimed at "  limiting pre-trial publicity " at the defendant 's request , endeavor to restrict the amount of publicly available information in order to assure "  the fairness of a trial . " Meanwhile , Holmes ' former neighbors are being allowed back home for the first time since the shooting , Sgt. Cassidee Carlson of the Aurora Police Department said Wednesday evening . The tenants of the apartment building where Holmes had lived were rousted out of their apartments by police in the early hours of Friday shortly after the shooting . Warning signs of violence : What to do Holmes had booby-trapped his sparsely furnished third-floor , one-bedroom unit apartment with more than 30 homemade grenades and 10 gallons of gasoline , a law enforcement official who viewed video showing the apartment 's interior has told CNN . The sophisticated setup was meant to harm , or possibly kill , anyone who entered -- and tested the skills of bomb squad members charged with clearing it , the official said . Stories of survival : Newborn a ` silver lining ' Authorities on Monday also discovered a package in a mailroom at the University of Colorado -- Anschutz Medical Campus apparently sent by Holmes , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said Wednesday . CBS News reported that the package was addressed to a psychologist at the university , which Holmes had attended . "  Sources say the letter was from a pent-up Holmes to one of his professors , " the news organization reported . "  In it , he talked about shooting people and even included crude drawings of a gunman and his victims . " Some of his victims , both in and out of hospitals , faced a difficult recovery process and the prospect of daunting medical bills . How to help victims They include Caleb Medley , who lost an eye and suffered brain damage . His wife gave birth to their son Hugo Jackson Medley on Tuesday morning , and the University of Colorado Hospital said both baby and mother are doing well . Medley , who had been doing standup comedy routines in Denver and was working full-time at Target , had no health insurance , his brother Seth said . "  The surgeon came and talked to us and said he 'd be in ICU at least a week , " said Medley 's friend , Michael West , who set up a website to help take care of medical bills and the needs of Medley 's family . By Thursday evening , it had raised more than $ 313,000 . Chloe Anderson has set up a similar fund for her sister , Petra Anderson , an aspiring musician who was also shot in the head . In a video posted Sunday asking for funds , Chloe Anderson notes that her mother was preparing to undergo cancer treatment later this month when Friday 's shooting occurred . "  My sister 's hospital bills on top of that are making the financial reality look pretty daunting , " she says . "  So that 's why we are reaching out to you -- the people who have already asked us what they can do to help . " By Wednesday evening , that fund had received more than $ 184,000 with a goal of $ 250,000 . Money is also streaming in to GivingFirst.org , which is accepting donations for the shooting victims and their relatives . By Tuesday , the amount had reached almost $ 2 million , Gov. John Hickenlooper said . Victims remembered through poignant stories "  The needs will be great and we look forward to seeing the fund grow exponentially , " he said . "  This money will help those impacted by this tragedy begin to recover and rebuild their lives . " Hickenlooper said donors include Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures , co-producers of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Sources at Warner Bros. studios told CNN the company made a "  substantial " donation . Warner Bros. , a subsidiary of CNN 's parent company Time Warner , would not divulge how much money it was giving out of respect for the victims , the sources said . Dispatch : We need rescue in theater 9 Several hospitals were also making efforts to minimize the financial burden . Children 's Hospital Colorado said in a statement it will use its charity program and donations to cover medical expenses for victims who do n't have insurance , as well as waive co-pays and deductible-related expenses for those with insurance . HealthOne , the health care system that includes the Medical Center of Aurora and Swedish Medical Center , pledged to "  eliminate personal financial responsibility for hospital charges as appropriate . " And Denver Health said it will evaluate each patient "  on a case-by-case basis " and discount bills by 70 % for those unable to pay . Focusing on the victims , not the shooter CNN 's Randi Kaye , Ed Payne , Tom Watkins , Holly Yan , Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Scott Zamost , Elwyn Lopez , Carol Cratty , Poppy Harlow , Dana Ford , Breeanna Hare , Alta Spells , Ed Lavandera , Nick Valencia and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : 12 victims remain hospitalized , 4 are released , officials at 5 hospitals say A suspect shot them , and killed 12 , during a midnight showing of the latest Batman movie Authorities say the alleged shooter rigged his apartment with explosives Tenants of the complex are finally being allowed back in , while victims are mourned
CNN  -- "  They must know what they 're doing , right ? " It 's a common enough phrase , often muttered by nervous people who are thinking the exact opposite -- who are expressing doubts about those who seem to be in charge , the ones who are supposed to have all the answers . The bus to work is making a strange , loud , thumping sound , but the driver keeps motoring along . There 's an unmistakable smell of smoke coming from the restaurant kitchen , but the waiters and waitresses continue taking orders as if nothing is amiss . There is lightning in the sky above the outdoor field of a sporting event and warning sirens can be heard from somewhere in town , but the officials allow the contest to play on . The packaged meat looks a little funny , but the sell-by date is current , and the supermarket has it out on prominent display . "  They must know what they 're doing , right ? " We tend to take it on faith that they -- whoever the amorphous "  they " may be -- are on the case and full of expertise and wisdom , ever on the lookout for any threats to the well-being of those who are counting on them . So when there are signs that mistakes have slipped past inspectors , past engineers , past control towers -- signs that , for all the double-checking , perhaps a little triple - or quadruple-checking may have been called for -- people pause to consider if the safeguards assumed to be constantly in place are really so fail-safe . This Memorial Day weekend , Americans are pondering a series of recent events that have called into question the airtightness of the business world 's layers of quality assurance , and the effectiveness of the in-house inspection processes that are supposed to monitor and affirm that assurance before customers can be adversely affected . Food-product recalls around the nation have brought worries to consumers used to taking home products assuming they are safe . In Idaho and Washington , state health departments directed people not to eat raw clover sprouts produced by Evergreen Fresh Sprouts after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention cited seven confirmed and three likely cases of E. coli infection . Nearly 15,000 pounds of hummus and dip products were voluntarily recalled by Lansal Inc. because of possible bacterial contamination flagged by the Texas Department of Health . Merchants in Missouri and Illinois were returning bulk and packaged walnuts to Sherman Produce , which issued a recall as a precautionary measure against possible listeria . And the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service announced that 1.8 million pounds of ground beef products were being recalled because of possible E. coli contamination . In the world of automobiles , General Motors signaled to Barclays Capital analysts that it may continue with recalls into the middle of the summer . GM , so far this year , has called in almost 14 million vehicles in the U.S. , in 29 separate recalls -- which constitutes more vehicles recalled than the total of what GM has sold domestically in the last five years . The Federal Aviation Administration was looking into a near miss between two passenger jets in the skies near George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston earlier this month . This follows the FAA 's investigation of two other recent near-miss incidents , one at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey and the other at Tallahassee Regional Airport in Florida , where a passenger jet reportedly almost collided with a drone . Most of the time , things go just fine . But when stories like these appear in the news in a single week , there is the impulse to wonder just what else is perhaps being missed . And to reflect upon just how many times each day we depend on precision and diligence that , without knowing exactly who is responsible for it , we presume is there . In truth , people reluctantly understand that the idea of endless layers of perfectionist platoons of unblinking and errorless industrial inspectors , while something to be aimed for , is probably a pipe dream . Consumers know that their own common sense , and personal scrutiny of what they buy , is their best protection . Yet there are many areas in which the customer can not be expected to be an expert , which is why the relentlessness and rigor of professional inspectors and regulators is so essential . The old joke is that the ultimate act of faith in one 's fellow man is opening the door to take a box of pizza from the delivery guy , and then eating it . But each time you step into a high-rise elevator and count on all the mechanisms that hold it in the air being up to standards ; each time you get a prescription filled and count on the pharmacist dispensing the correct medication into the bottle ; each time you watch your child climb onto a purposely scary amusement park ride and count on someone having made certain every rail at every turn is intact and tight and correctly angled ; each time you blithely drive through a green-light signal at a busy intersection and count on the light for the perpendicular street being red just like it 's supposed to be ; each time you start to count backward from 100 as the anesthesiologist begins to administer the first drops of the dose before you drift off . ... each time , you are , of necessity , relying on the conscientiousness , thoroughness , and devotion to detail of strangers . There 's a whole lot that , without stopping too often to ruminate over it , we assure ourselves is being done correctly by people we will never meet . Thinking too much about that , especially after a week like the one just past , could drive us nuts . And after all , they must know that they 're doing . Right ?	Bob Greene : We count on notion that some vague official authority is protecting our safety He says recent food recalls , GM recalls and planes ' near misses remind us this is n't always so He says giving others sway over our safety carries risk . Use common sense where possible
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai appeals court ruled Friday that suspected international arms dealer Viktor Bout can be extradited to the United States . The court ruled that the extradition process must be completed within three months , otherwise Bout will be released . Bout , a former Soviet military officer , was shackled in chains during the hearing . His wife and daughter were also in the courtroom . After the ruling , they stood up and cried . Friday 's ruling came after heavy lobbying from U.S. officials . "  We are extremely pleased that the Appeals Court in Thailand has granted the extradition of Viktor Bout to the United States on charges of conspiring to sell weapons to a terrorist organization for use in killing Americans , " said a statement by acting U.S. Deputy Attorney General Gary Grindler . "  We have always felt that the facts of the case , the relevant Thai law and the terms of our bilateral extradition treaty clearly supported the extradition of Mr. Bout on these charges . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov described the Thai appeals court 's ruling as an "  unlawful , political decision " that was "  taken under a very strong pressure from the outside , " Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . "  I can assure you that we 'll do everything necessary for his return to his home country , " Lavrov told reporters , according to RIA Novosti . Bout had been indicted by U.S. federal authorities on a series of charges , including counts of illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East . Thai courts had previously balked at extraditing Bout to the United States on the basis of the original charges against him , which centered on his alleged efforts to send millions of dollars worth of weapons to arm guerrilla fighters in Colombia . Last year , a Thai court rejected the U.S. government 's request for extradition . Bout was arrested in Bangkok in March 2008 after a sting operation led by agents of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency , posing as members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  . Bout , widely regarded as a prolific arms dealer , has been in Thai custody since . Bout has repeatedly said he has not broken any laws and the allegations against him are lies . He is accused of supplying weapons to war zones around the world -- from Sierra Leone to Afghanistan . In February , a federal indictment charged Bout and an alleged co-conspirator with the illegal purchase of a Boeing 727 and a Boeing 737 , money laundering and wire fraud . The United States charged Bout in 2008 with agreeing to sell surface-to-air missiles , armor-piercing rocket launchers , "  ultralight " airplanes , unmanned aerial vehicles , and other weapons to FARC . Justice Department officials have sought his extradition since then . Federal authorities accused Bout of four terrorism offenses : conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , conspiracy to kill U.S. officers or employees , conspiracy to acquire and use an anti-aircraft missile , and conspiracy to provide material support or resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization , the designation given to FARC by the U.S. State Department . A former Soviet air force officer who speaks six languages , Bout allegedly began building his arms business as the Soviet Union disintegrated in the early 1990s . He acquired surplus Soviet planes and , according to the U.S. Treasury Department , started shipping arms and ammunition to various conflict zones . It is widely believed that he inspired the character of Yuri Orlov , the arms dealer played by Nicolas Cage in the 2005 film "  Lord of War . " Journalist James Hookway contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. welcomes the Thai court decision Russia 's foreign minister says decision is unlawful and political U.S. officials have been lobbying for Viktor Bout 's extradition He is charged with conspiracy to sell weapons to guerrilla fighters
CNN  When is a can of beans more than just a can of beans ? When it 's a weapon of self-defense for students to throw at an armed intruder who has just entered their school . That 's one scenario Valley , Alabama , officials are considering as part of their training to respond to school shootings . Though it may strike some as an insignificant and perhaps even silly response to a deadly problem , it 's no joke at W.F. Burns Middle School . It 's part of active shooter response training offered by the ALICE Training Institute , a company founded by a former police officer and former elementary school principal . School officials have gotten some criticism for sending a letter to parents asking students to bring canned goods to attack would-be intruders . "  We realize at first this may seem odd ; however , it is a practice that would catch an intruder off-guard , " the letter reads , according to CNN affiliate WRBL . "  The canned food item could stun the intruder or even knock him out until the police arrive . The canned food item will give the students a sense of empowerment to protect themselves and will make them feel secure in case an intruder enters the classroom . " Chambers County School Superintendent Kelli Moore Hodge acknowledges that the middle school did n't educate people properly before sending the letter home , but she says the cans are a very small part of the training . "  The major point of the training  which is called ALICE - Alert , lockdown , inform , counter , and evacuate  is to be able to get kids evacuated and not be sitting ducks hiding under desks , " Hodge wrote in an email . Even if you ca n't escape and are barricaded behind closed doors to avoid the shooter , there are still steps to take to increase your safety , suggests an Auburn University ALICE video . Auburn is providing the training to the school district . Once the door has been locked and barricaded and students have moved to an area out of sight , students should have a plan if the attacker breaks into the room . That 's when canned goods and other classroom items come into play . "  Start gathering several items you can use to protect yourself . Every room has something you can use to distract and defend from the aggressors ' attack , " says the Auburn video 's narrator . "  Communicate with others around you and tell them your plan . Do n't wait until the aggressor gets into your safe area to have a plan of action . " Students can throw books , book bags , computers and , yes , those canned goods to distract any aggressor .	Alabama students were asked to bring canned goods for school security Cans or other heavy items could be used to fight school shooters It 's part of a larger school district plan to empower students
New Delhi  CNN  -- It is the most high-profile meeting in all of Asia this year . China 's President Xi Jinping will spend three days in India on an official state visit this week , getting a considerable amount of time with Narendra Modi , India 's new prime minister . The two leaders represent not only the two most populous countries on Earth -- accounting for a third of the world 's population -- they are also the faces of stark changes in their home countries . Both are new , strong , willful leaders with an agenda for reform . Both have made moves to attack a culture of corruption , and to build their economies . And both seem to have designs on being stronger players in their backyards . What will their meeting mean for relations between these two Asian giants ? Made in China & India In an editorial published in The Hindu newspaper Wednesday , China 's Xi described how his country could exchange its expertise in infrastructure and manufacturing for India 's advancements in information technology and pharmaceuticals . "  The combination of ` the world 's factory ' and ` the world 's back office ' will produce the most competitive production base and the most attractive consumer market , " wrote Xi . This would be an upgrade in current relations , where China has a significant surplus in bilateral trade . Modi , in turn , in a press conference Tuesday talked up the potential of a great partnership : "  Whenever India and China have worked and grown together , this has also led to the development and economic prosperity of the world , " he said . There are indeed a number of potential synergies . And India has much to learn from China , as I 've written previously . According to the World Economic Forum 's latest Global Competitiveness Rankings -- an indicator of how business friendly a country is -- China places 28th in the world for overall competitiveness ; India ranks 71st . On infrastructure and macroeconomic environment , China ranks 46th and 10th respectively ; India tanks 87th and 101st . In many of his recent speeches , Modi has referred to India 's rotting infrastructure . Supply chains are broken ; institutions are inefficient ; large swathes of Indians are disconnected from modernity . India needs money and expertise to fix these problems . That 's where China could come in . One of the expected headlines from Xi 's visit is an announcement to the effect of $ 100 billion of Chinese investment into India . If that actually happens , the world 's two biggest countries by population could finally begin to realize the potential of their partnership . China may be India 's biggest trading partner , but China counts Europe , the U.S. , Japan , South Korea , and even Brazil as more important partners right now . Given the the two countries share a large border , India will want that status to change . For China , too , there are clear upsides to increasing trade with a neighbor that has growing economic needs and clout . Regional aspirations Beyond the rhetoric of business camaraderie , there are fears the two country 's regional aspirations could represent a hurdle . Indian media reported on Tuesday a minor border skirmish between Indian and Chinese forces in Ladakh . While border scuffles between the two countries have been largely quelled since India and China fought a war in 1962 , both sides have made foreign policy moves that have caused angst . In the past week alone , China 's Xi Jinping visited , for the first time , the Maldives and Sri Lanka . In both countries -- close neighbors of India 's -- Xi announced large-scale infrastructure projects and deepened ties . Many Indian analysts see China 's economic encircling of India as something to be wary of . But meanwhile , India itself has made moves that have irked the Chinese . India 's President Pranab Mukherjee visited Vietnam this week , calling the ties between the two countries historic and "  infinite . " Vietnam has long had turbulent relations with China . And earlier this month , much was made of Modi 's five-day visit to Japan . Both sides announced increased trade and investment , and have held joint military exercises -- a clear signal to China that it wo n't have a clear route to supremacy in Asia . Hedging bets Both Xi and Modi seem to be foreign policy realists , pragmatic in their world view and partnerships . In his aforementioned column this week , Xi spoke of a world moving towards "  multipolarity " -- a reference to the dwindling influence of the United States , and the increasingly important role of China and India . If both leaders abide by that theme , then their focus for the next few months and years will be not on rocking the boat on military or defense , but on building their respective economies . For both Modi and Xi , foreign policy begins at home . For that , they will need each others ' cooperation .	Leaders of world 's most populous countries meet in India this week China 's Xi Jinping and India 's Narendra Modi both facing similar challenges Xi has spoken of combing the "  world 's factory " and the "  world 's back office " Border skirmish between Indian and Chinese forces in Ladakh weigh on relations
HLN  -- The discovery of a blond-haired , blue-eyed young girl in a Roma camp in Greece last week immediately caught the attention of several families in the United States . Could this disheveled girl with mysterious origins , known as Maria , be one of America 's missing ? Could she even be "  Baby Lisa " Irwin , the girl who disappeared two years ago from her Missouri home ? Though the apparent age difference makes this a stretch -- Baby Lisa , though not a baby anymore , would only be about 3 now , and Maria is estimated to be about 5 or 6 -- the mystery of the girl 's identity seems to have provided a tantalizing bit of hope to the Irwin family , and to other families who hold vigil for their missing children . The FBI says it has gotten thousands of calls from people claiming to have clues as to who Maria is and where she belongs . The Greek children 's rights group Smile of the Child says it is looking into about 10 missing children cases in connection with Maria , and several of the cases are in the United States . That 's 10 families whose hope will be reignited , and 10 families whose pain may be made fresh once again if the lead does n't pan out . Few know the fleeting moments of hope -- and anguish -- associated with the search for a missing child like Dave Holloway , the father of Natalee Holloway , the Alabama teen who went missing on a trip to Aruba in 2005 . The Holloway case captivated the country , and even now from time to time , a new lead in the case will make headlines . ' A never-ending story ' In an interview with HLN , Holloway said he is currently interested in one such lead . There is a Dutch man in Aruba , he said , who claims to know where Natalee 's body was hidden . Holloway is a bit skeptical , but if the information seems promising , he 'll follow through . This is the life of a parent who has seen every side of his child 's tragedy laid bare for the public : The panic , the hope , the feelings of resignation and the never-ending quest for answers . Holloway says he does n't mind the media attention . If anything , he appreciates it . He wants it . Any coverage gets the family closer to finding out the truth . "  If the media is not attacking it , the -LSB- Aruban -RSB- authorities are n't interested , " he said . "  Of all of the thousands of cases involving missing children , the parents have always yearned for media attention . " Over the years , Holloway has worked with numerous families and support groups for parents with missing children . In addition to all of the grief he has felt and witnessed , another emotion surfaces , as well : Guilt . When a child is lost , it at first seems as if the options are inexhaustible . As time passes , the leads become fewer , the attention dies down and Holloway said , some parents he has met are left grasping at straws . "  There 's a lot of guilt , " he said . "  I ran into individuals that felt like they maybe could have done more , keep pushing and pushing , and maybe something will get done . " Natalee Holloway was declared dead in 2012 . It was her father who filed the petition . It was n't , he said , for emotional closure . "  At some point in time , you 've got to take care of some legal issues . She was still listed as a beneficiary -- there 's insurance , savings accounts . " Dave Holloway had started a college fund for Natalee that had to be used by the time she turned 21 . Her 21st birthday came and went in 2007 , and she was n't there to collect it . "  Time eventually takes care of the healing process , " Holloway said . "  But for us , it 's like a never-ending story . " The Holloways are certain they know who can tell them about their daughter 's disappearance . Unfortunately , that man is languishing in a Peruvian prison . Dutch national Joran Van Der Sloot was a prime suspect in Holloway 's disappearance , and his ever-changing claims regarding his involvement kept the media , and the Holloways , on a tight leash . He was indicted by the United States for fraud and extortion in connection with the case . However , in 2012 , he pleaded guilty to the murder of a young woman in Lima , and is currently serving a 28-year sentence . For the Holloways , that means their quest for justice has been put on an excruciating , lengthy hold . "  Somebody knows the answers , and someone is withholding , " Holloway said of Van Der Sloot . Holloway said he and his family had been frustrated by the authorities in Aruba , and now , they must abide by the Peruvian justice system as well . "  It 's never going to end for us , as far as justice is concerned . " ' I feel like she 's OK ' Just two weeks ago , the parents of Lisa Irwin observed the second anniversary of their daughter 's disappearance . Lisa , just an infant at the time of her disappearance , was reported by her parents as having been kidnapped during a home invasion . During a recent vigil in front of their St. Louis home , Lisa 's mother , Deborah Bradley , clutched a time-lapse portrait of her daughter and said , through tears , that she still had hope that Lisa was alive . "  My mother 's intuition ... is that , I feel like she 's OK , " Bradley said . Bradley and Lisa 's father , Jeremy Irwin , still keep Lisa 's bedroom intact , as if she will come home at any minute . It is filled with outfits and gifts the couple has bought their child for milestones she has not been present to observe . When Bradley speaks of her daughter , it is in the present tense . When news of the Roma girl Maria began to surface , the Irwin family reached out to the FBI , and despite the doubts as to the connection between the cases , is working with the agency to determine whether the girl is their lost daughter . And even if she is n't , the family 's faith seemingly remains stalwart . "  I have no doubt " that she is going to come home , Bradley said . ` It consumes you ' Dave Holloway does n't wait by the phone anymore , hoping for news of his daughter 's safe return . Too much has happened , too much time has passed . At some point , he said , you have to set your highest hopes aside . "  In the beginning , it all consumes you . Everything in your life takes second place , goes on the back burner , " he said . "  It consumes you , but you ca n't let it after a time . There are other things in life , family members . We lost so much time with our other children searching for Natalee . " He likened it to losing sight of a young child ; that instinctual , paralyzing moment of fear . Except the moment does n't stop . And you ca n't stay paralyzed forever . "  You exhaust all your leads , and finally , you 're at the point where there 's nothing else to do , " he said . "  I feel for those families who are totally clueless . At least we know who is responsible for our daughter 's disappearance . They have no idea . At least we know . " ` We are not alone ' For the families of missing children , there is always a hope , no matter how small . For the Irwin family , their hope is kept alive by newfound worldwide attention . In an interview with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Deborah Bradley said she has received an outpouring of support from friends and strangers around the world . "  It has really shown us that we are not alone in our search for Lisa , " she said in the interview . "  We 're in awe at the amount of compassion and care , and the fact that there are so many people that are looking for her right along with us . "	Discovery of ` Maria ' has reignited hope for families of missing children HLN talks to the father of Natalee Holloway , who went missing in 2005 Parents of lost children often tread a line between hope and realism
CNN  -- Arizona Cardinals backup running back Jonathan Dwyer has been released on bond after his arrest in connection with domestic abuse allegations , authorities said Thursday . The Cardinals deactivated Dwyer after news of the arrest , according to a news release from the team . CNN 's calls to the office of Dwyer 's agent , Adisa Bakari , were n't immediately returned . An announcement from the Phoenix Police Department said two incidents allegedly occurred on consecutive days in late July . They were reported last week . Detectives interviewed Dwyer , and he "  admitted to the incidents , however , denied any physical assaults , " the police statement said . According to a court document , the incident began the morning of July 21 , when after a verbal argument with his wife at their Phoenix apartment , Dwyer allegedly tried to kiss his wife and remove her clothing . She told him to stop several times , and "  when he continued , she bit the defendant 's lip . He head-butted her in the face , which she later learned had caused a nasal bone fracture . " A neighbor called police because of "  the loud arguing , " and when they arrived , Dwyer 's wife told them that only she and her son were in the house , the document says . Dwyer acknowledged Wednesday that he was hiding in a bathroom at the time , according to police . Dwyer 's wife said that the running back texted a photo of a knife , saying he did n't want to live , and threatened to kill himself in front of her and her son if she told police about the assault , the document says . On July 22 , there was another argument , and Dwyer allegedly punched his wife on the left side of her face , according to the court document . "  He also began punching the walls , causing visible damage . The defendant then picked up a shoe and threw it , striking their 17-month-old son in the stomach , " it says . The child was not injured . When his wife threatened to call police , Dwyer allegedly took her phone and threw it from their second-story residence , the document says . As his wife fled , witnesses heard her yell , "  He f -- ing hit me ; I 'm calling the police . " Witnesses also reported seeing "  swelling and discoloration " on the left side of her face , according to police . Police said he was booked on one count of aggravated assault causing a fracture , one count of aggravated assault involving a minor , two counts of criminal damage , one count of preventing the use of a phone in an emergency , and assault . The two victims were a 27-year-old woman and an 17-month-old child , police said . Dwyer posted bond and was released from the Maricopa County Jail on Thursday , according to a tweet from the county Sheriff 's Office . The state had requested a $ 60,000 bond Wednesday , but the judge set a $ 25,000 "  cash-only " bond and required Dwyer to wear an electronic monitoring device and abide by a curfew . He also ca n't have contact with the victims , leave the state of Arizona , possess weapons or drink alcohol . The Cardinals said they became aware of the allegations when contacted by police . Dwyer , 25 , is the fourth NFL player to be in the headlines this week . Two other players , Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings and Greg Hardy of the Carolina Panthers , took paid leave from their teams to focus on their legal cases . Peterson has been charged in Texas with child abuse . Hardy has been convicted of misdemeanor assault charges in North Carolina and has been granted the opportunity to have a new trial , this time in front of a jury . And running back Ray Rice has an appeal with the NFL in connection with his indefinite suspension after a domestic violence incident . Dwyer is listed as the No. 2 running back for the Cardinals behind Andre Ellington . He is in his fifth NFL season and first with the Cardinals , and he has 51 yards on 16 carries in two games this year . NFL players out amid claims of violence CNN 's Jackie Castillo , AnneClaire Stapleton and Shane Deitert contributed to this report .	NEW : Jonathan Dwyer fractured his wife 's nose with a headbutt , police say Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office says Dwyer has been released from jail He was arrested in connection with a domestic violence allegation The team announced after the arrest that Dwyer had been deactivated
CNN  -- I served in the armed forces for 25 years , but until January 8 , 2011 , I did n't think about guns or gun violence that much . I had other things to think about -- my children , traveling between Houston and Tucson and Washington to see my wife , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , and of course , flying the space shuttle . Like lots of people , every time there was a mass shooting , with lots of news coverage , I watched , but I was n't aware of the statistics and of how gun violence permeates our country . Then Gabby was shot and six of her constituents were murdered during a "  Congress on Your Corner " event in Tucson , Arizona . During her long and ongoing recovery , I started paying a lot more attention . I 'm a numbers guy , a statistics guy -- and what I 've learned has shocked me . Almost 100 people a day die from a gun , 33 are murdered . We 've got 20 times the murder rate of similar countries . I 've watched the globe spin past below me from the window of the space shuttle . And so my perspective has changed . I see this epidemic of gun violence as a crisis , because I know that every statistic is a citizen -- someone like my wife , or Hadiya Pendleton 's mom , Cleopatra , who says simply about her daughter , murdered senselessly in Chicago , "  a piece of my heart is gone . " And , excuse the reference , it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize that while this issue is complicated , there are things we can do -- now , together -- that will reduce violence . Like background checks . Right now , we have two systems . Some people , like me , when we buy a gun , we go through a background check . It takes about five minutes -- trust me , I 'm not known to be a patient guy , and it did n't take more than a few minutes when I bought a rifle this past November . Ninety-one percent of background checks are completed instantaneously , and they do n't lead to a government database . And they work . I passed my background check and got my gun , and since 1994 , more than 2 million folks -- among them , criminals and dangerously mentally ill people -- failed their background checks . But we do n't know which of those millions just got in their car and drove to a gun show , or home to their computer to go on the Internet -- both places where anyone can buy a gun without a background check . That does n't make sense . It 's like saying , hey , criminals , to board the plane , either go through a metal detector and be checked against the terrorist watch list , or , if you prefer , walk right down that red carpet and take a seat , no search necessary . Which would you choose ? That 's why Gabby and I are so determined to get a universal background check in place . It 's simple , it 's not a Republican or a Democratic issue , and it closes a clear loophole that puts our kids and our communities at risk , and it does it in a way that respects the Second Amendment rights of people like me . We are n't naive in thinking that expanded background checks will solve all our problems overnight , but they are a great first step that even gun owners support . So , I 'm putting everything I learned from my time in the Navy and at NASA -- 375 aircraft carrier landings , 39 combat missions and more than 50 days in space -- to working with Gabby and Americans For Responsible Solutions ' more than 100,000 members to get this done . When you 're at the controls of a plane or the space shuttle , you rely on data . You analyze it methodically ; you evaluate it objectively . The data around background checks is clear : Up to 40 % of gun transfers are made without background checks , and a national survey of inmates found that nearly 80 % of those who used a handgun in a crime acquired it without a background check . That tells me that criminals are getting guns , because we 're making it too easy . And 82 % of U.S. gun owners -- including more than 70 % of NRA members -- support criminal background checks for all gun sales . Ninety-two percent of all households in the country support universal background checks . That tells me that citizens across the country want Congress to get this done , because they know it will keep us safer . That 's a clear path , right there . We can get there if we all raise our voices . Talk to your neighbors , your co-workers , the parents at your kids ' basketball game . Talk to your elected representative . Tell them you want one system , a universal background check that will keep all of us safer and respects our Second Amendment rights . Join Gabby and me at www.Americansforresponsiblesolutions.org . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Kelly .	Mark Kelly : Gun violence in the U.S. is out of control He says 2 million Americans have failed gun background checks Those who failed can buy guns at a gun show or online ; that makes no sense , he says Kelly : Majority of Americans and gun owners support background checks for all
As Ukraine 's new leaders accused Russia of declaring war , Russia 's Prime Minister warned Sunday that blood could be spilled amid growing instability in the neighboring nation . Kiev mobilized troops and called up military reservists in a rapidly escalating crisis that has raised fears of a conflict . And world leaders pushed for a diplomatic solution . In a post on his official Facebook page , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev called the recent ouster of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych a "  seizure of power . " "  Such a state of order will be extremely unstable , " Medvedev said . "  It will end with the new revolution . With new blood . " Officials said signs of Russian military intervention in Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula were clear . Russian generals led their troops to three bases in the region Sunday , demanding Ukrainian forces surrender and hand over their weapons , Vladislav Seleznyov , spokesman for the Crimean Media Center of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry , told CNN . By late Sunday , Russian forces had "  complete operational control of the Crimean Peninsula , " a senior U.S. administration official said . The United States estimates there are 6,000 Russian ground and naval forces in the region , the official said . "  There is no question that they are in an occupation position -- flying in reinforcements and settling in , " another senior administration official said . Speaking by phone , Seleznyov said Russian troops had blocked access to bases but added , "  There is no open confrontation between Russian and Ukrainian military forces in Crimea " and said Ukrainian troops continue to protect and serve Ukraine . "  This is a red alert . This is not a threat . This is actually a declaration of war to my country , " Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said . Speaking in a televised address from the parliament building in the capital , Kiev , he called on Russian President Vladimir Putin to "  pull back his military and stick to the international obligations . " "  We are on the brink of the disaster . " A strange scene , somewhat polite standoff in Crimea Kerry heading to Kiev A sense of escalating crisis in Crimea -- an autonomous region of eastern Ukraine with strong loyalty to neighboring Russia -- swirled , with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemning what he called Russia 's "  incredible act of aggression . " Speaking on the CBS program "  Face The Nation , " Kerry -- who is set to arrive in Kiev on Tuesday -- said several foreign powers are looking at economic consequences if Russia does not withdraw its forces . "  All of them , every single one of them are prepared to go to the hilt in order to isolate Russia with respect to this invasion , " he said . "  They 're prepared to put sanctions in place , they 're prepared to isolate Russia economically . " Kerry rebukes Russia 's ` incredible act of aggression ' But Ukraine 's ambassador to the United Nations said his country needs more than diplomatic assistance . "  We are to demonstrate that we have our own capacity to protect ourselves ... and we are preparing to defend ourselves , " Yuriy Sergeyev said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And nationally , if aggravation is going in that way , when the Russian troops ... are enlarging their quantity with every coming hour ... we will ask for military support and other kinds of support . " Pushing diplomatic possibilities In Brussels , Belgium , NATO ambassadors held an emergency meeting on Ukraine . "  What Russia is doing now in Ukraine violates the principles of the U.N. charter , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters . He later added that Russia 's actions constituted a violation of international law . He called upon Russia to honor its international commitments , to send it military forces back to Russian bases , and to refrain from any further interference in Ukraine . Rasmussen also urged both sides to reach a peaceful resolution through diplomatic talks and suggested that international observers from the United Nations should be sent to Ukraine . German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's office said Putin had accepted a proposal to establish a "  fact-finding mission " to Ukraine , possibly under the leadership of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , and to start a political dialogue . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon dispatched a special envoy to Ukraine Sunday evening , a spokesman for his office said . Lean to the West , or to Russia ? Ukraine , a nation of 45 million people sandwiched between Europe and Russia 's southwestern border , has been plunged into chaos since the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych on February 22 following bloody street protests that left dozens dead and hundreds wounded . Anti-government protests started in late November when Yanukovych spurned a deal with the EU , favoring closer ties with Moscow instead . Ukraine has faced a deepening split , with those in the west generally supporting the interim government and its European Union tilt , while many in the east prefer a Ukraine where Russia casts a long shadow . Nowhere is that feeling more intense than in Crimea , the last big bastion of opposition to the new political leadership . Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region that might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority . Ukrainian leaders and commentators have compared events in Crimea to what happened in Georgia in 2008 . Then , cross-border tensions with Russia exploded into a five-day conflict that saw Russian tanks and troops pour into the breakaway territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , as well as Georgian cities . Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict . By Sunday night , electricity had been cut off at the headquarters of the Ukrainian Navy in Crimea , and officials feared there could soon be an attack , Seleznyov said . CNN has not independently verified that claim , and Russian officials could not be immediately reached to respond . Military maneuvering Word of the power outage came hours after the newly named head of Ukraine 's navy disavowed Ukraine 's new leaders and declared his loyalty to the pro-Russian , autonomous Crimea government . Rear Adm. Denis Berezovsky , who was appointed Saturday by interim Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov , said from Sevastopol on the Black Sea that he will not submit to any orders from Kiev . He was quickly suspended and replaced by another rear admiral , the Defense Ministry in Kiev said in a written statement . These scenes come one day after Putin obtained permission from his parliament to use military force to protect Russian citizens in Ukraine , spurning Western pleas not to intervene . Putin cited in his request a threat posed to Russian citizens and military personnel based in southern Crimea . Ukrainian officials have vehemently denied Putin 's claim . Western governments worried The crisis set off alarm bells in the West and fueled a stern rebuke from the leaders of the G7 nations of Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States . In a statement Sunday , they condemned Russia 's "  clear violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine , " saying they were temporarily suspending activities related to preparation for June 's G8 Summit in Sochi , Russia . Canada recalled its ambassador to Moscow . Senior Obama administration officials Sunday portrayed Russia 's intervention in Ukraine as weak , describing it in a conference call with reporters as a kind of desperate measure from a man who realizes he has lost support of the international community . When asked what concrete measures the administration has taken to signal its strong opposition to Russian involvement in Ukraine , the officials noted that planning meetings about the upcoming G8 summit in Sochi had been canceled . In the long term , economic sanctions could be employed , they said . The officials declined to be more specific about what those sanctions might involve . In discussions over the weekend with Putin , Obama "  made clear that Russia 's continued violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity would negatively impact Russia 's standing in the international community , " according to a statement released by the White House . During that call , one administration official said , Putin did not "  slam the door " to the idea that international monitors could travel to Ukraine to make sure violence does n't flare up , one official said . According to the Kremlin , Putin told Obama that Russia reserves the right to defend its interests in the Crimea region and the Russian-speaking people who live there . Obama met Sunday with his national security team and called U.S. allies afterward , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . British Prime Minister David Cameron said he and Obama were of the same mind when they spoke on Sunday . "  We agreed Russia 's actions are unacceptable and there must be significant costs if they do n't change course , " Cameron posted on his verified Twitter account . Cameron also planned to talk with Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk . Britain 's Foreign Minister William Hague arrived Sunday in Kiev , where he will meet with Ukraine leaders .	Russian forces have "  complete operational control " of Crimea , a U.S. official says U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will travel to Kiev Tuesday Ukrainian PM says Russian actions are "  a declaration of war " G7 leaders condemn Russia 's "  clear violation " of Ukraine 's sovereignty
He never knew the name of the woman he killed all those years ago , back in Arizona . Then Matthew Gibson started getting mysterious messages , at least some bearing the name , "  Anita Townshed . " So , according to police , in June the 55-year-old drove from his North Carolina home all the way to Arizona , where he walked into the Winslow , Arizona , police department and confessed . The thing is , as the Charlotte Observer newspaper noted in breaking the story Monday , the name of Gibson 's victim was n't Anita . It was Barbara Brown . And police did n't know anything about Gibson . "  I think because he recently found religion he was starting to feel guilty and wanted to do the right thing , " said his attorney , Ron Gilleo . Gibson had never had any run-ins with the law , not even a traffic ticket , Gilleo said . "  He could have gotten away with this , " Bullhead City police Detective Mary Garcia said . Instead , he was recently sentenced to more than 10 years in prison . The saga began in 1997 , when police found Brown 's body along the Colorado River in Bullhead City , about 50 miles southeast of Las Vegas . According to the Charlotte Observer , Gibson told police he had met Brown one night and the two went back to his trailer . He found her "  loud and obnoxious , " the newspaper reported , but she refused to leave . He used a large flashlight to beat her to death , Garcia said , put her body in the trunk of his car and dumped it in a park . He tossed the flashlight on a road heading toward Las Vegas . A few months later , he moved from Bullhead City , according to police . Years of drifting intervened . Drug use , too , although the Observer reported Gibson quit a few years ago . 3 steps to make a murderer confess Then , this summer , the messages started arriving . He got text messages , police said , and the Observer reported he told authorities he had gotten a telephone call from Walmart telling him Townshed 's prescription was ready . He also got a Walmart advertisement with no return name or address , according to the newspaper . He felt , according to a police report , that he had a "  contract on his head . " On June 5 , he walked into the Winslow Police Department and said he wanted to confess to a crime , according to the police report . Bullhead City police , alerted by colleagues in Winslow , searched their files and found Brown 's death . 2013 : Florida man allegedly kills wife , posts confession , photo on Facebook They got a warrant for his arrest . He pleaded guilty to manslaughter last week and was sentenced to 10 1/2 years in prison , Gilleo said . "  I had no intention to take a life , " the Observer quoted Gibson as saying in a statement to police . "  But it did happen , and I as a man will accept my punishment . " Gilleo said his client has always said he never wanted to kill Brown . "  He is very remorseful and sorry this all happened . "	North Carolina man drove to Arizona this summer to confess in 17-year-old case , police say Matthew Gibson got messages he thought were related to the death , police say But police did n't know anything about him "  He could have gotten away with this , " detective says
CNN  -- Pop star Madonna is causing a commotion in Malawi , days after her return from a goodwill trip to the nation . The singer is in a bitter feud with the government over accusations that she demanded VIP treatment , including at the airport , while visiting last week . Madonna asked to meet the president and she believed Malawi "  should have abandoned everything and ... rolled out a red carpet and blasted the 21-gun salute in her honor , " the government said in a statement . A government spokesman also accused her of overstating her contributions , saying she announced that she built schools in the nation while she only helped construct classrooms in existing facilities . Malawi officials blast Madonna 's school plans The pop star shot down the reports as inaccurate , and pledged to continue helping educate young girls in the nation . Madonna adopted a son from Malawi in 2006 , and her ties to the nation run deep . In addition to adopting a daughter three years later , she has several education projects in the nation . They include the documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " which highlights diseases devastating children in the country . She also co-founded a nonprofit group , Raising Malawi , to help educate and provide programs to help the needy . Despite her charitable involvement and fame , the government said , it is not obligated to give her special treatment . "  Madonna feels that the Malawi government and its leadership should have abandoned everything and attended to her because she believes she is a music star turned benefactor , " Tusekele Mwanyongo , a government spokesman , said in a statement posted by the nation 's media outlets . "  Granted , Madonna is a famed international musician . But that does not impose an injunction of obligation on any government ... to give her state treatment . Such treatment , even if she deserved it , is discretionary not obligatory . " The spokesman did not provide specific details on what kind of special treatment Madonna reportedly asked for . "  I 'm saddened that Malawi 's President Joyce Banda has chosen to release lies about what we 've accomplished , my intentions , how I personally conducted myself while visiting Malawi and other untruths , " Madonna said in a statement . "  I have no intentions of being distracted by these ridiculous allegations . I came to Malawi seven years ago with honorable intentions . I returned earlier this month to view the new schools we built . I did not ever ask or demand special treatment at the airport or elsewhere during my visit . " In her statement , Madonna said the animosity is a result of her history with the president 's sister , Anjimile Mtila Oponyo , who once headed Raising Malawi . Oponyo was later fired , and sued the nonprofit for wrongful termination . "  Madonna is not letting politics stand in the way of her deep commitment to help build schools there and educate as many children as possible , " said Liz Rosenberg , the singer 's publicist . Malawian officials dismissed the implication that their discontent was based on her relationship with the president 's sister . Raising Malawi at first planned to build a major girls academy , but later revised its goal and joined buildOn to construct smaller schools in villages . The two groups say they 've built 10 schools so far , all in 2012 . Madonna visited the nation with her children , including son David Banda and daughter Chifundo James , both of whom were adopted from Malawi . The Malawian president , a longtime women 's rights activist and former vice president , came to office last year after the death of her predecessor . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report	The government accuses Madonna of demanding special treatment "  Such treatment , even if she deserved it , is discretionary not obligatory , " the government says Madonna denies the claims , says she remains committed to educating Malawians
CNN  -- Some 518 days after she first set off alone in her sailboat , 16-year-old Laura Dekker glided into a Caribbean port on Saturday to complete her historic , and controversial , voyage around the globe . The Dutch citizen arrived in Sint Maarten around 3 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  , her spokesman Anton Van de Koppel told CNN . And a picture linked from Dekker 's official website Saturday shows her standing behind a group of children holding a sign , "  Congratulations Laura Dekker ... Welcome back to St. Maarten . " While other teens have made similar sea voyages -- some of them without stopping , as Dekker did -- the Dutch girl unofficially appears to be the youngest to do so sailing alone . In 2010 , Australian Jessica Watson finished a non-stop , unassisted solo circumnavigation days before her 17th birthday . But sailing journalists have said , and her team did n't dispute , that her route was less than 21,600 orthodromic  or , in the same direction for a great circle  nautical miles , which is the length of the equator and the distance generally used for round-the-world sailing records . Dekker states on her website that she traversed about 27,000 nautical miles on her own solo voyage aboard her 38-foot yacht , which she has dubbed Guppy . She was 14 when she began August 21 , 2010 , in Gibraltar and then headed west across the Atlantic Ocean , through the Panama Canal , across the Pacific , through the Indian Ocean , around the Cape of Good Hope , and ultimately to her final destination in the Caribbean . The trip almost did n't happen -- not because of problems at sea , but rather due to a high-profile legal fight by Dutch authorities to prevent the teen from setting sail , for her own safety . 14-year-old attempts world record In August 2009 , Dekker was put under state care for two months , following her parents ' refusal to prevent her from undertaking the voyage . Then , in October 2009 , a Dutch court ruled the girl could n't sail around the world because she was not considered experienced enough to do so . But it left the door open for a future trip , deciding that she could depart if she fulfilled certain requirements the court had established for her . "  As a 13-year-old girl , it was never my intention to be the center of world news , " Dekker wrote on her blog three days before docking in Sint Maarten . "  Now , after sailing around the world , with difficult port approaches , storms , dangerous reefs , and the full responsibility of keeping myself and the Guppy safe , I feel that the nightmares the Dutch government organizations put me through , were totally unfair , " she added . 16-year-old circumnavigates the globe Dekker made stops in numerous coastal sites during her trip , in places such as the Galapagos Islands , Bora Bora and Cape Town , South Africa . According to multiple published reports , including in the St. Maarten newspaper Today , she had once planned to return to Gibraltar by going through the Suez Canal , but altered her route and headed around South Africa toward Sint Maarten to avoid pirates . The day before docking for the last time , she reflected on the early days of her voyage , including her initial time in the Caribbean more than a year earlier . "  It feels like it was just yesterday but at the same time it seems like it was an eternity ago , " wrote Dekker , who was actually born on a boat in port in New Zealand . "  Back then I had no idea I would be back now with a life load of new experiences and 27,000 nautical miles under Guppy 's keel . "  But here I am having almost circumnavigated the whole world . Yes , that idea is slowly sinking in ... But I do n't really believe it . " CNN 's Sherri Maksin contributed to this report .	Laura Dekker was at sea or in port for 518 days , her website states She traversed 27,000 nautical miles before docking in Sint Maarten The teen fought efforts by Dutch authorities who did n't want her to sail
CNN  -- A firefighter was killed Monday during a six-alarm blaze at a Dallas condominium complex , the city 's fire department said . He was one of a team responding to the blaze at the Hearthwood North Condominiums , in northeast Dallas , when he became trapped in the building . Jason Evans , spokesman for Dallas Fire Rescue , identified the firefighter as Stanley Wilson . The fire has been classified as a six-alarm blaze for several reasons , the department said , including the search for Wilson . "  When firefighters arrived at the location , there was lots of smoke coming from the roof of a three-story condominium building , " the department said . "  An offensive fire attack was initially attempted , but the fire was growing too quickly and caused them to have to move out for a defensive attack . " Two residents were treated for smoke inhalation at the scene . Two injured firefighters were taken to a hospital and are expected to recover . At least five residents were rescued from the building , the department said . The Red Cross has been called to help displaced residents . The cause of Wilson 's death is under investigation . In 2012 : 30 injured in 6-alarm fire at N.Y. apartments	The city 's fire department classifies the blaze in northeast Dallas as a six-alarm fire Two firefighters are injured , but are expected to be OK At least five residents were rescued
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A federal audit of $ 9.1 billion targeted for reconstruction in Iraq can not account for more than 95 percent of it , a federal report said Tuesday . The report , by the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction , blamed "  weaknesses in DoD 's -LSB- the Department of Defense 's -RSB- financial and management controls " and called on the Pentagon to improve its financial and management controls . The audit centered on the Development Fund for Iraq  DFI  , which was established in May 2003 by the Coalition Provisional Authority  CPA  . After the CPA was dissolved in June 2004 , the Iraqi government authorized the U.S. government to administer the funds used for reconstruction . The Pentagon managed the DFI funds until the end of 2007 , when its authority was withdrawn . The special inspector general reviewed records from eight Defense Department organizations that received DFI funds . "  This situation occurred because most DoD organizations receiving DFI funds did not establish the required Department of the Treasury accounts and no DoD organization was designated as the executive agent for managing the use of DFI funds , " the report concluded . "  The breakdown in controls left the funds vulnerable to inappropriate uses and undetected loss . "	Report : More than 95 percent of $ 9.1 billion can not be accounted for Report blames "  weaknesses in DoD 's financial and management controls " Funds "  vulnerable to inappropriate uses and undetected loss "
CNN  -- Any minute , the Duchess of Cambridge will birth a new heir to the British throne . CNN has tried to answer every question you did n't even know you had about this kid who 's famous before his or her first picture has been snapped . Read more : The Royal Baby It seems like forever that Catherine Middleton has been pregnant , but the world first learned the news in December , when she was hospitalized with acute morning sickness . Since then , her every mommy-to-be move and maternity outfit has been scrutinized . Read more : Privacy vs. pregnancy The baby is expected to debut at St. Mary 's Hospital in London . Read more : Q&A -- What will happen when the baby is born ? Will you be the first to know ? Well , you 'll definitely know as soon as an official public announcement is made , but Grandma and some other VIPs get dibs . Queen Elizabeth II , British Prime Minister David Cameron and the governors general of each of the commonwealth nations will be told , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . An announcement will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace , royal sources have told CNN . There , the notice will be placed on an easel on the palace forecourt , the sources say . This will be the first chance for the nation and those watching around the world to find out whether the new baby is a boy or a girl . After it goes onto the easel , a press notice will be dispatched , and it 's expected -- but not confirmed -- that Twitter will carry the news . Speaking of the grand gender reveal , if you placed bets on pink , you might win that office pool . Supposedly , the Duchess let it slip in June that she might be having a daughter when she bought a teddy bear . That tidbit led to a media frenzy and a royal source telling CNN that the couple did n't know the sex . Again , your money is probably good if you 're predicting frilly smocks and hair bows . Scientists say the baby is slightly more likely to be a girl . Bookies have been taking bets for names . Alexandra is one of the most predicted ones . Read more : What 's in a royal name ? Besides being adorable , the girl could one day have a fantastic career . She could be queen . Read more : Catherine 's baby : Heir for a new century ? Until 2011 , any daughter born to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would not have enjoyed an equal right to inherit the British throne . Rules dating back centuries decreed that the crown passed to the eldest son and was only bestowed on a daughter when there were no sons . But the rules of succession were changed . The child will be next in line to the British throne after William , whose father , Charles , is first in line . But first , the child will be ... well , a child . And Margaret Rhodes , a cousin and lifelong friend of the queen , said Elizabeth 's parents -- King George VI and Queen Elizabeth , later known as the Queen Mother -- tried to keep their daughter 's childhood "  sacrosanct . " "  It was just a time for learning and enjoying . And I think that they succeeded , " Rhodes said . As for the expected royal arrival , she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , "  I 'm prepared to be excited . " "  I imagine and hope that its early life , until it 's at least in its teens , will be just a jolly , happy , ordinary child 's life , " said Rhodes , who still periodically has "  a nice little drink and a chat " with her old friend after church . Read more : Who can inherit the British throne ? Meanwhile , let 's get back to what really matters . Is this baby going to be ridiculously good-looking ? Light hair like dad , dark hair like mom , ears like Prince Charles ? This baby might win the day all around because its mother is the first commoner to marry into the royal family since the 17th century . "  It 's very good that they 're bringing in new genes , " Dr. Anand Saggar , a consultant in the South West Thames Regional Genetics Department at St. George 's Hospital Medical School in London , recently told CNN . "  It freshens up the gene pool . " Read more : What -- and who -- will the royal baby look like ? CNN 's Max Foster and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , is expected to give birth any day now Scientists say it 's slightly more likely to be a girl The birth will be announced via a formal bulletin
CNN  -- British police were told in March this year that missing girl Madeleine McCann may have been kidnapped by a pedophile ring which followed her three days before her abduction , according to reports . Madeleine McCann went missing in May 2007 after being left at a holiday apartment in the Algarve region . Britain 's Daily Telegraph and The Sun newspapers both reported Thursday that an email released this week as part of the documents compiled by the Portuguese investigators probing Madeleine 's disappearance revealed the connection to the ring . Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared May 3 , 2007 , while she was on holiday with her family at the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz . Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide . According to the newspapers , the email was sent on March 4 by a London-based Metropolitan Police intelligence officer to Leicestershire police -- Madeleine 's home county -- who then forwarded it on to investigators in Portugal more than a month later . In the email , which both newspapers printed a copy of , the officer writes that "  intelligence suggests that a pedophile ring in Belgium made an order for a young girl three days before Madeleine McCann was taken . "  Somebody connected to this group saw Maddie , took a photograph of her and sent it to Belgium . The purchaser agreed the girl was suitable and Maddie was taken , " the officer wrote . The Daily Telegraph reported the Portuguese police then asked Interpol to investigate . However , nothing appears to have come of the lead . Watch how Madeleine McCann may have been abducted to order " Belgium has already featured in the case , with a reported sighting on the Dutch/Belgian border last August already discounted . The case files , released by the Portuguese investigators this week after they shelved the investigation for lack of evidence last month , have provided a raft of leads for the media to report . On Tuesday , the documents revealed a previously undisclosed sighting of Madeleine in the Netherlands shortly after her disappearance . The possible sighting of Madeleine in May 2007 stemmed from a report by a Dutch shopkeeper , who told authorities she encountered a little girl in Amsterdam , the Netherlands . She said the child identified herself as Maddie and said she was taken from her mother while on holiday . "  I start to ask where her mommy was , " Anna Stam said . "  She could n't tell me that . I wanted to give her a balloon , but she did n't want that . She only wants her mommy , she said . And she said that these people took her from her mommy . " At one point , authorities had named the girl 's parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , as "  arguidos , " or suspects , along with a British man living in Portugal , Robert Murat . But a spokesman for the Portuguese public prosecutor 's office said authorities found no evidence of involvement by any of the three and were no longer considering them "  arguidos . " After closing the case , police turned their case file -- containing up to 30,000 pages -- over to attorneys and private investigators working for the McCanns . The McCanns have vowed to keep searching for their daughter . .	Portuguese police case file reveal more leads in Madeleine McCann disappearance Email from British police suggests Madeleine taken by pedophile ring Ring followed three-year-old girl before snatching her , reports claim
This week it was reported that Steve Jobs , the CEO and cofounder of Apple , underwent a liver transplant two months ago . One detail concerning Jobs 's transplant seemed odd : The surgery took place at a hospital in Tennessee , some 2,000 miles from Jobs ' home in northern California . Why Tennessee ? Steve Jobs  pictured in October 2008  has been on a health-related leave of absence since January 2009 . The answer sheds light on the intricacies of the organ transplant system , as well as why it 's sometimes easier for people with significant financial resources to get an organ transplant .  Jobs ' estimated net worth : $ 5.7 billion . Livers are a scarce resource . In any given year , only about one-third of the people on the national transplant waiting list receive one , and as of late June , more than 16,000 people were on the list . Yet it sometimes seems that celebrities in need end up at the front of the line when they need a transplant , and people often assume they get preferential treatment .  Rumors about special treatment circulated after baseball player Mickey Mantle 's liver transplant in 1995 , for example .  Health.com : The real gift of life : How medical donations help The truth is more complicated . No one can actually buy an organ in the United States  legally , that is  . But getting a liver transplant , it turns out , is a lot like getting into college . Once you 're on the waiting list , your chances of getting off it depend largely on your personal circumstances -- how sick you are and whether you are a good donor match . But getting on the list in the first place -- or on more than one list , as the case may be -- requires resources and know-how that most people do n't have . Can some people ` cut the line ' ? There are 127 centers in the U.S. that perform liver transplants . If you need an organ transplant , your doctor will refer you to one of these centers , where you will be evaluated , given a score based on the severity of illness , and placed on the center 's waiting list , if you are indeed a candidate for transplant . The center 's waiting list feeds into a national database managed by the United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  , a nonprofit organization that contracts with the federal government to manage the nation 's organ transplant system . UNOS works with 58 organ procurement organizations  OPOs  that coordinate organ distribution in their region of the country . When an organ becomes available , the OPO in that region searches the UNOS database for a local match using blood type  and other biological considerations  , the patient 's severity score , and the time spent on the waiting list . If a match ca n't be made within that region , the organization expands its search to neighboring regions . The problem -- or the advantage for some patients -- is that not all OPOs are created equal . Some regions contain nearly 15 times as many people as others , and their waiting list times vary widely . Patients in the smaller OPOs tend to be less sick and experience shorter wait times before getting an organ . In the Tennessee OPO where Jobs received his transplant , the median wait for a liver between 2002 and 2007 was just over four months . The national average was just over a year , and in some OPOs it was more than three years . Though there is always the possibility of preferential treatment once a patient is on a waiting list -- UNOS conducts periodic audits of transplant centers for exactly this reason -- it is unlikely that someone like Steve Jobs can "  cut the line " of the transplant waiting list . Health.com : Three sisters find kidney donor for dad using craigslist The reason that some people might be able to get transplants more quickly is that they 're standing in more lines . Nothing prevents someone from being evaluated and listed at multiple transplant centers . As long as a patient has the wherewithal to fly around the country -- and be available at the drop of a hat if a liver becomes available  this is where the private jet comes in handy  -- a patient can , in theory , be evaluated by all the transplant centers in the country . "  The system works at two levels , " explains Arthur Caplan , Ph.D. , the chair of the department of medical ethics at the University of Pennsylvania . "  One , who gets in to a center . Two , who gets transplanted off a particular center 's list when an organ becomes available . Most of the attention goes to stage two , but the biggest ethical challenges are really at stage one . " Jobs underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer in 2004 .  He reportedly had a type that grows more slowly -- and has a better prognosis -- than others .  He was said to have recovered , but last year he appeared in public looking thin and sick . He took a leave of absence in January and underwent a liver transplant a few months later . However , it 's not clear how long he was on the transplant waiting list , or whether he was on the waiting list for a center other than the one in Tennessee . Insurance matters too Since 2003 , UNOS has required that transplant centers inform all candidates that they can be evaluated and listed at more than one center , and that they can also transfer their care from one center to another without losing the time they have accrued on the waiting list . However , not everyone can afford to fly around the country and be evaluated at more than one transplant center . In fact , many people ca n't afford a liver transplant , period . According to the most recent estimates , the cost of a liver transplant is $ 519,600 -- a price tag that excludes roughly one-third of Americans because they do n't have sufficient insurance  or any insurance  , Caplan estimates . According to data collected for UNOS , only about 5 percent of liver transplants are paid for out of pocket . Health.com : Where the money goes : A breast cancer donation guide "  What your insurance covers is very different from everyone else 's , " says Anne Paschke , a spokesperson for UNOS . Some insurance companies wo n't cover evaluations at multiple transplant centers , Paschke explains , and in at least one case , an insurance company has restricted its coverage to a single transplant center that the company itself owned . Moreover , your insurance continues to be important during the evaluation process . The decision to accept a transplant candidate takes place before UNOS enters the picture , and the committees that determine whether a patient is added to the transplant center 's waiting list have access to a patient 's full medical and financial history . "  There 's a huge triage involved in getting in , " says Caplan . "  If you 're a homeless alcoholic sleeping on the streets of L.A. , and you 're going toe-to-toe with Steve Jobs , you 're going to lose . " For most people , the ability to pay is a precondition for acceptance at more than one transplant center . Wealthy people who are , in effect , financially "  pre-approved " for a liver transplant , can shop around and identify the transplant centers that will give them the best chance of receiving a new organ . Reforming the system Despite the apparent problems with the transplant system , past efforts at reform have generally failed . Health.com : Could painkillers be hurting your heart ? In the late 1990s , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued new regulations that would have given priority to the sickest patients , regardless of region . This would have eliminated the geographic disparities that make approval at multiple transplant centers advantageous , but Congress blocked the regulations and instead asked the Institute of Medicine , an advisory organization that belongs to the National Academy of Sciences , to consider the issue . The IOM 's proposal was less far-reaching , but it did recommend standardizing the size of the organ donor pool for the sickest patients . Congress failed to implement this measure as well , however . Some transplant centers advocated the shift away from the OPO system , but others vigorously lobbied Congress to oppose the new policy . The smaller transplant centers were concerned that in a national organ allocation system , they would receive fewer transplants and be driven out of business . The larger transplant centers , meanwhile , wanted to maintain the size and geographical reach of the OPOs in their areas . "  There was a huge split in the transplant community , " says Paschke . "  It was very territorial at the time , and there was a lot of maneuvering going on . There were a lot of business interests on the part of the transplant centers . " UNOS itself has been split on the issue of multiple listing . The organization 's board of directors has voted on whether to restrict multiple listing three times in the past 15 years ; the first vote resulted in a tie , and in the others the proposal was rejected by a divided vote . The inequity revealed in the liver transplant process is symptomatic of the larger inequalities in the American health-care system , says Caplan , who also cochairs a United Nations task force on organ trafficking . In countries such as Canada or Switzerland that have national health-care systems , a patient 's finances do n't influence access to organs to the same extent , he says . "  Money does n't play such a big role in entry into the system , " he says . "  Steve Jobs ' transplant is relevant to why we need some health reform . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Apple cofounder Steve Jobs is recovering from transplant surgery in Tennessee His surgery raises questions about preferential treatment Current system results in regions with much shorter wait times than others 16,000 people on the liver waiting list ; in any one year only one-third get liver
CNN  -- The issue of human trafficking has exploded into the headlines in recent years . State and federal legislation has been passed helping to define trafficking more specifically and prosecute traffickers , while services enabling victims to lead productive lives , safely beyond the reach of their traffickers , have been proliferating . Meanwhile , anti-trafficking organizations are using technology in exciting new ways to find and rescue victims and provide network linkages to prosecute their traffickers successfully . Yet while such progress is welcome , many groups are only just beginning to focus on a crucial element of beating human trafficking -- cutting demand . After all , less demand means fewer trafficked victims . Sadly , human trafficking is a multibillion dollar global industry , with some estimates suggesting more than 21 million people are enslaved worldwide . Here in the United States , between 100,000 to 300,000 American children are at risk of being trafficked each year , according to the Department of Homeland Security , with the average age of a child first being trafficked just 13 . Of course , while a trafficker can sell drugs or a gun once , sex with a child can be sold over and over again . It is hardly surprising then that there is also increasing evidence that many of the trafficking networks are interconnected with gang activity and drug and gun trafficking . A child can not choose to sell sex for money . A minor being sold for sex is by definition being trafficked . There is no such thing as a child prostitute , only a sex-trafficked victim . Thankfully , there is a much needed mindset shift taking place among law enforcement and treatment providers , a change being increasingly embraced by those trained to recognize trafficked victims , but which needs to be accepted by the global community for continued change . In addition , more training is needed to identify human trafficking victims . Law enforcement , first responders , emergency room personnel , pediatricians , school personnel , foster care administrators , child welfare personnel , court-appointed advocates , hotel , airport and taxi staff -- many of whom come into contact with trafficked children without knowing it -- could all benefit from extra training . Increased awareness and proper protocols can help to identify correctly and get appropriate help to trafficked victims faster . Many of these victims find themselves in the social service system , where opportunities exist to get them the help they need if they can be correctly identified . Too often , survivors recount how they crossed paths with adults who could have helped them escape but who did n't see the situation clearly enough to offer them assistance . In the United States , Operation Cross Country , a joint sting operation between the FBI , U.S. Department of Justice and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , has recovered more than 3,500 minors since 2003 . The Innocence Lost program recovered 168 victims this summer and arrested 281 pimps . Overseas , however , we have watched helplessly as Boko Haram has kidnapped hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls with the stated intent to sell them for sex . Four months later , and the international community has been unable to rescue them . The individual stories I 've personally heard from trafficking survivors are heart-wrenching , yet it still happens every day in our country and around the world . Sometimes , one victim at a time , sometimes in large groups . Survivors ' stories tell us that some victims are sold into trafficking by family members , some lured by attention and promises of glamour by an "  older boyfriend , " only to be abused , branded and sold for sex ; labor trafficking victims are often promised high-paying jobs far away from home , only to have their documents taken , their lives and families threatened and horrid working conditions waiting for them with no opportunity for escape . Runaways are often picked up by traffickers within 48 hours of running away from home , and no one is looking to find them . The common thread is that traffickers prey on society 's most vulnerable . So what can we do ? More than anything , it 's up to us to do everything we can to protect our vulnerable citizens and continue this fight to make our communities and ultimately our world safer . It 's up to us to be a voice for the voiceless . While we may not yet have a clear strategy for tackling Boko Haram , we can still be aware of the signs of trafficking and speak up in our communities when we see something that just does n't look right . A shift in mindset about the definition of a trafficked victim , stronger legislation allowing better identification and services for victims and more vigorous prosecutions of traffickers offer a healthy start . But we have a long way to go -- there is more to do on all these fronts .	Human trafficking is a multibillion dollar global industry , Cindy McCain says Some 100,000 to 300,000 U.S. children are at risk of being trafficked each year , she says More training is needed to identify human trafficking victims , McCain says
CNN  -- A controversial extra-time goal by William Gallas saw France reach the World Cup finals after a 1-1 home draw against the Republic of Ireland in Paris on Wednesday night . France were trailing 1-0 in the second leg , with the scores tied 1-1 on aggregate , when Arsenal central defender Gallas forced the ball home for the decisive goal . But TV replays showed that his former club teammate Thierry Henry had clearly handled the ball twice before passing to him to head home . Irish goalkeeper Shay Given frantically gestured to the referee and Damien Duff was booked for his protests , but the goal stood and Raymond Domenech 's men eventually went through after surviving late pressure in the Stade de France . Robbie Keane had given the Republic a deserved first half lead as he scored after a fine cutback by Duff . The pair both had chances in the second half to put the game out of France 's reach , but home keeper Hugo Lloris blocked Duff 's effort after he was clean through and forced Tottenham star Keane wide from a similar position . Cristiano Ronaldo will be going to World Cup after his Portugal side won 1-0 in Bosnia-Herzegovina to claim it 2-0 on aggregate in their European playoff match in Zenica . Real Madrid star Ronaldo sat out both legs of the decider through injury , but despite his absence Portugal qualified for the World Cup for the third time in a row . Raul Meireles ' second-half goal in the second leg gave them a comfortable victory in a tie deemed awkward after a slender victory in the first leg secured though a goal by Bruno Alves . A pass from Nan found Meireles , whose low shot found the net and sent the Portuguese , who reached the semifinals in 2006 , through . Slovenia upset Russia to qualify for the World Cup finals for only the second time with a 1-0 home win in Maribor . Slovenia trailed 2-1 from the first leg and go through on the away goals rule with the aggregate score tied 2-2 . Striker Zlatko Dedic , who plays for Bochum in the Bundesliga , scored on the stroke of halftime . He reacted first to a Valter Birsa cross from the right to grab the crucial goal . Guus Hiddink 's men suffered a further setback when substitute striker Alexander Kerzhakov was shown the red card in the 68th minute . Andrei Arshavin set up substitute Pavel Pogrebnyak for a late chance as Russia forced for an equalizer which would have put them through , but Dedic should have scored a second for Slovenia late on . 2004 European champions Greece are also through as they beat Ukraine 1-0 in Donetsk with Dimitrios Salpigidis scoring the only goal for the visitors on the half hour mark . The Panathinaikos striker beat the offside trap after a superb pass from Celtic 's Georgios Samaras and slotted home . The teams played out a 0-0 draw on Saturday in the first leg in Athens . Ukraine pressed desperately for an equalizer in the second half but to no avail .	France through after controversial equalizer against Ireland in Stade de France Portugal reach World Cup finals with 1-0 win in Bosnia-Herzegovina Slovenia shock Russia to reach World Cup for second time Greece stun Ukraine in Donetsk to reach South Africa 1-0 on aggregate
CNN  -- An ex-judge accusing Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez of manipulating court rulings is a fugitive who "  sold his soul to the devil " when he agreed to talk with U.S. investigators , the nation 's foreign minister said Thursday . "  People like him will keep being defeated and his lies will be unveiled , " Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro said . Eladio Aponte Aponte , who was a Supreme Court justice until the Venezuelan government accused him of connections with an alleged drug trafficker last month , told SOiTV in an interview that aired this week that he made rulings in cases based on requests from Chavez and other top officials . "  They just asked for favors that I complied with . And woe be the judge that refused to cooperate . ... They were dismissed , " Aponte Aponte said . Top Venezuelan authorities were aware of at least one instance in which a military lieutenant was caught transporting cocaine to an army camp -- and made personal phone calls asking the judge to look the other way , Aponte Aponte told the Miami-based TV network . CNN has not independently confirmed the former justice 's accusations . In recent years , the U.S. Treasury Department has placed several Venezuelan officials , including the nation 's current defense minister , on its drug kingpin list . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration flew Aponte Aponte to the United States from Costa Rica early Monday morning , according to the head of the Central American country 's intelligence agency . Mauricio Boraschi said U.S. Embassy officials contacted the Costa Rican government after the former judge -- who had been in Costa Rica for about two weeks -- reached out to officials in Washington . The U.S. State Department told CNN it could not comment on what it called "  this law enforcement matter . " Venezuela 's foreign minister criticized the United States for attempting to destabilize his country 's government . "  It is easy to understand how a fugitive from justice processed for his connections with drug trafficking mafias and removed from his job has sold his soul to the DEA , " Maduro said . "  The DEA has appeared again as a political actor in Venezuela against Venezuela . " The DEA has not commented on Aponte Aponte . An agency official who watched portions of the interview that aired on CNN en EspaÃ ± ol said it was "  very interesting . " The former justice told SOiTV that high-ranking Venezuelan officials were involved in drug trafficking , but declined to say who or offer evidence . In one instance , Aponte Aponte said , Chavez 's office called and asked for the former judge 's help after a military lieutenant was caught with cocaine . So did the nation 's defense minister and other top officials , Aponte Aponte said . They said "  he was a good guy , that it was the president 's order , that the president was very interested in the case , " Aponte Aponte said . The former judge also described weekly meetings in the Venezuelan vice president 's office with the president of the Supreme Court , the attorney general and other top officials . "  That is where the directives of the justice system come from . ... They decide what guidelines to follow depending on the political climate , " he said . Aponte Aponte also said the nation 's prosecutors participated in extortion and had asked him to "  orchestrate cases . " The attorney general 's office did not respond to requests for comment . Several of Aponte Aponte 's remarks contradicted previous statements by top Venezuelan officials -- including Chavez . When asked whether there were political prisoners in Venezuela -- something Chavez has previously denied -- Aponte Aponte said yes . "  There are people they ordered not to be released . ... In a nutshell , we had to accept the fact that they were not to be released , so the justice system turned its back on them , " he said . Asked whether he felt that the Venezuelan government had turned against him , Aponte Aponte said , "  I think they did that a long time ago . I just did n't realize it . " Venezuelan officials removed Aponte Aponte from his post last month , accusing him of providing a government credential to a man authorities allege was one of the world 's top drug lords . Aponte Aponte , who has not confirmed or denied that accusation , left Venezuela the day he was supposed to face questioning in the Venezuelan National Assembly . A government ethics commission said the judge had committed "  serious misconduct " and a "  breach of public ethics " when he allegedly provided a credential to suspected drug trafficker Walid Makled . Makled is currently on trial in Venezuela , where he is accused of drug trafficking and killing a journalist who was investigating his family . He was extradited to Venezuela from Colombia last year . The United States designated Makled as one of the world 's most significant drug kingpins in May 2009 and had also requested his extradition . Makled , who denies U.S. accusations of drug trafficking , said in an interview with Venezuela 's El Nacional newspaper that he paid millions of dollars to government officials and top military brass so his family 's shipping business could operate at some of the nation 's largest ports . "  If I am a narcotrafficker , the whole Chavez government is a narcotrafficker , " he told the newspaper . Chavez has strongly denied those accusations and stood up for his government officials . Maduro said Thursday that Aponte Aponte 's removal from office showed that "  in Venezuela the laws work . No one is privileged or protected . " Aponte Aponte told SOiTV that his daughter had invited Makled to her wedding , "  but we did n't have any idea of the activities of this gentleman . We only knew him as a reputable businessman . " The former judge claimed Venezuelan officials had unfairly used the Makled case to destroy his reputation . "  I am not going to pay for a crime I never committed , " Aponte Aponte told SOiTV , but he said he wants to make up for the harm his rulings have caused . "  When I finished packing all my stuff in my office , all my books , I told myself I 'd never touch another law book . Justice is nothing , justice is a ball of putty . I say putty because it can be molded , for or against . I did n't want to have anything to do with the law anymore . I said I 'd rather have a hotdog stand , " he said . "  But then , after all my reflection , and I had time to think it over , and after I saw that , that my friends have offered to help me , I now think you need to fight for justice . And that blindfolded lady has to be shown the way . " Saying he felt afraid for his life and betrayed by his colleagues , the former judge said he would go back to Venezuela to face the accusations against him only if officials respect his rights . "  Knowing the system from the inside , and how it works , and how it 's handled , I do n't think I 'd have any rights at all , " he said . CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Ana Maria Luengo-Romero , Jamie Crawford and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-judge said the nation 's prosecutors had asked him to "  orchestrate cases " Venezuela 's foreign minister says the ex-judge "  sold his soul to the devil " Costa Rican official : The DEA flew Eladio Aponte Aponte to the United States this week Venezuelan officials accuse him of connections with an alleged drug trafficker
European officials reacted with fury Sunday to a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices . The European Union warned that if the report is accurate , it will have tremendous repercussions . "  I am deeply worried and shocked about the allegations , " European Parliament President Martin Schulz said in a statement . "  If the allegations prove to be true , it would be an extremely serious matter which will have a severe impact on EU-US relations . On behalf of the European Parliament , I demand full clarification and require further information speedily from the U.S. authorities with regard to these allegations . " German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger "  said if the accusations were true , it was reminiscent of the Cold War , " ministry spokesman Anders Mertzlufft said , adding that the minister "  has asked for an immediate explanation from the United States . " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called for a swift explanation from American authorities . "  These acts , if they are confirmed , would be absolutely unacceptable , " he said in a statement . The outrage from European officials over the weekend was the latest fallout since Edward Snowden , a former National Security Agency computer contractor , started spilling details of U.S. surveillance programs to reporters earlier this month . Citing information from secret documents obtained by Snowden , the German news magazine Der Spiegel reported Sunday that several U.S. spying operations targeted European Union leaders . Der Spiegel said it had "  in part seen " documents from Snowden that describe how the National Security Agency bugged EU officials ' Washington and New York offices and conducted an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into a EU building in Brussels , Belgium . The magazine 's report also says that NSA spying has targeted telephone and Internet connection data in Germany more than any other European nation . An average of up to 20 million phone connections and 10 million Internet data connections are surveyed daily , Der Spiegel said , noting that the intensity of surveillance puts the U.S. ally on par with China , Iraq and Saudi Arabia . Another report Sunday claimed that surveillance extended beyond European offices . The Guardian newspaper reported that one NSA document leaked by Snowden describes 38 embassies and missions as "  targets " and details surveillance methods that include planting bugs in communications equipment and collecting transmissions with specialized antennae . Targets included France , Italy , Greece , Japan , Mexico , South Korea , India and Turkey , according to The Guardian . CNN has not independently confirmed the allegations in the reports from Der Spiegel and the Guardian . U.S. officials did not immediately respond to the Guardian 's report . The Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment Sunday on specific allegations published in Der Spiegel . "  The United States government will respond appropriately to the European Union through our diplomatic channels , and through the EU/U . S. experts ' dialogue on intelligence that the U.S. proposed several weeks ago , " the office said in a statement . "  We will also discuss these issues bilaterally with EU member states . While we are not going to comment publicly on specific alleged intelligence activities , as a matter of policy , we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " Ben Rhodes , White House deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , said he had not seen the report and "  would not comment on unauthorized disclosures of intelligence programs . The intelligence community would be the most appropriate to do that . " Rhodes added that "  those are some of our closest intelligence partners , so it 's worth noting that the Europeans work very closely with us . We have very close intelligence relationships with them . " Father proposes deal for Snowden 's voluntary return U.S. asks Ecuador to reject any asylum request from Snowden Michael Hayden , a former director of the NSA and CIA , told "  Face the Nation " on CBS on Sunday morning that he did n't know whether the report was true . "  I 've been out of government for about five years , so I really do n't know , and even if I did , I would n't confirm or deny it , " he said . "  But I think I can confirm a few things for you here this morning . Number one , the United States does conduct espionage . Number two , our Fourth Amendment , which protects Americans ' privacy , is not an international treaty . And number three , any European who wants to go out and rend their garments with regard to international espionage should look first and find out what their governments are doing . " European Union spokeswoman Marlene Holzner , in a e-mail to CNN , said , "  We have immediately been in contact with the U.S. authorities in Washington D.C. and in Brussels and have confronted them with the press reports . They have told us they are checking on the accuracy of the information released yesterday and will come back to us . " In Brussels , Der Spiegel says , the agency targeted the Justus Lipsius Building , which houses the European Council and the EU Council of Ministers , the union 's main decision-making and legislative body . And in Washington , the magazine report claims , the NSA installed bugs in the European Union 's building and infiltrated its computer network . Der Spiegel 's report comes as negotiations for a trans-Atlantic trade agreement between the United States and the European Union are set to start next month in Washington . Obama : Pay no attention to that man we ca n't capture Snowden has revealed himself as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the NSA to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans . Critics slam him as a traitor . Supporters hail him as a hero . Now Snowden , who faces espionage charges in the United States , is in Russia and seeking asylum from Ecuador . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden asked Ecuador "  to please reject " the request for asylum , according to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa . "  That 's not acceptable , " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told ABC 's "  This Week " on Sunday . Assange , whose organization facilitates the release of classified documents and is assisting Snowden 's asylum bid , said he could n't reveal details about the former NSA contractor 's specific location or the status of his case . He criticized U.S. officials for pressuring Ecuador on the matter . "  Asylum is a right that we all have . It 's an international right . The United States has been founded largely on accepting political refugees from other countries and has prospered by it . Mr. Snowden has that right , " said Assange . "  Ideally , he should be able to return to the United States . Unfortunately , that 's not the world that we live in and hopefully another country will give him the justice that he deserves . " Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro weighed in on Sunday . In a letter to Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega published in Cuban state media , Castro praised Ecuador 's president for standing up to U.S. threats over Snowden . On Saturday night , Correa said the ball was in Russia 's court . "  We did n't ask to be in this situation . Mr. Snowden has been in touch with Mr. Assange , who recommended he ask for asylum in Ecuador . In order to process this request , he needs to be in Ecuadorian territory , " Correa said in an interview with Ecuador 's Oromar TV on Saturday night . "  At this point , the solution for Snowden 's final destination is in the hands of the Russian authorities . " Russian President Vladimir Putin has said it 's up to Snowden to figure out his next step . "  The sooner he selects his final destination point , the better both for us and for himself , " Putin said . A top Russian lawmaker said Sunday that Russia must not hand Snowden over to the United States . "  It 's not a matter of Snowden 's usefulness to Russia , it 's a matter of principle , " Alexei Pushkov -- who heads the international affairs committee at the Duma , the lower house of parliament -- said on Twitter . "  He is a political refugee and handing him over is morally unacceptable , " he said . The man behind the NSA leaks Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden	The Guardian reports that U.S. surveillance targeted 38 embassies and missions Der Spiegel reports that the U.S. bugged EU offices and infiltrated a computer network If true , it would "  have a severe impact on EU-US relations , " a European official says A U.S. intelligence office says it will respond "  through diplomatic channels "
CNN  -- Nick Price is not one to shy away from a battle . He is a hardened warrior -- a man who has fought on the golf course and on the soil of his beloved Zimbabwe . He lost his father when he was a child before watching his friends die during the Rhodesian war . And yet now , at the age of 56 , he remains philosophical about his life -- one in which he emerged to become one of the greatest to have ever played the game of golf . "  I 'm so grateful to my family for instilling values since an early age , " Price told CNN 's Living Golf . "  I 've carried them through me throughout this time . "  I lost my father when I was 10 and sometimes that has an adverse effect on the family but for us it brought us closer together . "  It was a huge time in my life . I went to the military for a year-and-a-half and all those things shape you . "  You ca n't go through life without help and support . I 've had a great time . "  When you think of how I started playing golf I still have to pinch myself every now and againt because this is my life . " Price , who will captain the international team at this week 's Presidents Cup at Muirfield Village , Ohio , has taken the long road to the top . Born in South Africa and raised in Rhodesia , before it became Zimbabwe , Price spent his time as a child hitting plastic balls at tomato cans . It was only in 1974 at the age of 17 when he won the Optimist Junior World title at Torrey Pines in San Diego that he realized he could make a career in golf . From there he was catapulted to stardom -- winning three major titles and claiming 15 PGA wins during an illustrious career which saw him stay at No. 1 in the world in 1994 for 43 consecutive weeks . But there is one victory away from all of his personal success which stands out -- the victory of the international team over the U.S. at the 1998 Presidents Cup at Melbourne . The tournament which pitches a U.S. team of 12 against a team of non-Europeans has been held every two years since 1994 and includes two rounds of foursomes , two rounds of four balls and a singles finale . For a man who has played in five of these tournaments , Price is only too aware of how glorious victory would be , especially following the 19-15 defeat two years ago . And yet the prospect of beating the U.S. brings up conflicting feelings for Price , who says he could "  never repay the country for what it has given me . " "  Our three kids were born here and I 've just had the best time ever here , " said Price , who lives in Florida . "  Honestly , I sometimes get recognized more often here than I do in my own home country , which is kind of sad . "  I had more awards and everything given to me in this country than I did in my own country , which hurts a lot . "  What has happened in the country in the last 33 years is not what we all expected . " History is not on Price 's side -- the U.S. has dominated the competition , losing just once and being held once in the previous nine editions . The international team boasts an array of talent including Masters champion Adam Scott , four-time Major winner Ernie Els , Argentina 's two-time Major winner Angel Cabrera and South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen . Price believes that victory for his side is vital if the competition is to recapture the imagination of the public with the dominance of the Americans leaving several golf fans disillusioned with the dual . But while he expects passions to run high , Price wants his men to keep their cool against Tiger Woods and co. . "  I 'm a big one for confrontations , " said Price . "  I keep telling my guys , ` let 's go out and win this cup . ' "  I do n't want to see them become enemies for one week -- what I want to see is great competition . "  I want to see them go out there and want to beat each other and look at each other in the eye after you 've finished and say ` congratulations , you played better today . ' "  I do n't want people coming up with excuses and walking off the greens while the other player is putting . "  To me that brings the whole game into a very sad state . " The U.S. team boasts a wealth of talent and experience with the likes of Phil Mickelson , Brandt Snedeker , Jason Dufner lining up alongside world No. 1 Woods . Price realizes his team faces a difficult challenge to triumph in Columbus , Ohio but says he will do all that he can as captain to inspire his men to a momentous victory . "  Being captain is a doubled edged sword -- it can hurt you and it can help you a lot , " he said . "  I 'm trying to be a captain that is going to be very supportive of my team but not over captain them and there 's a very fine line between that . "  You want to give the guys advice . I 'm certainly not in the Seve Ballesteros type -- running out over the course and saying ` hit here and do this ' but that was Seve , that was the way guys expected when he was captain . "  I just want them to know I 'm going to be there to support them in anything they need to know or need to use me as a sounding board . I 'm going to be there . "	Nick Price will captain the international team int the Presidents Cup Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson and Brandt Snedeker all set to feature for U.S. team Adam Scott , Jason Day , Ernie Els amongst big names for international side International team have won just once -- back in 1998
Honolulu  CNN  -- Hawaii has the lowest voter turnout rate in the country . As part of a new CNN project called Change the List , I 'm trying to create a conversation that could change that . But I 'll need your help to make it work . Here 's what you can do : In the gallery at the top of this story you 'll find information about six nonvoters in Hawaii . They have some interesting reasons for not voting . One is a high school student who has specific political interests but says he feels too young and uninformed to participate in something as serious as voting . Hawaii : The state that does n't vote Another does n't want Hawaii to be part of the United States , so she does n't participate on principle , even though she could try to vote in leaders that would push against statehood . Another was driving to the polls during a recent election and turned back because she heard the winner of the presidential race announced on her car radio . Hawaii is six hours behind Eastern Time . When you find someone you like , send them a message on Twitter , YouTube , iReport , Instagram , Facebook -- wherever , as long as the post is public . Just be sure to include the hashtag you see on their images -- #CTL1 through #CTL6 . CTL means "  Change the List . " You also can send video messages to the nonvoters in the comments section at the bottom of this page . Again , please tag them #CTL1 , #CTL2 , etc. . I 'm collecting the messages and will relay them to the nonvoters . You can see the responses other people have sent on these pages : Messages to Paul Messages to Michael Messages to Nani Messages to Skyler Messages to Nanci Messages to Tyler Before I go , a half-desparate appeal to civility : These people kindly and bravely agreed to be part of this experiment . Please treat them with respect . Give a piece of your story : Why do you vote ? Or why is it important to you that everyone takes part in our democracy ? Personal attacks will not be featured on the site . OK , that hall-monitor moment is over . Sorry . Had to be said . After the election , I 'll report back on which , if any , of these nonvoters changes their minds . Subscribe to the Change the List Tumblr for updates . And thanks for your help !	Change the List is a new project from CNN Opinion The effort is led by CNN 's John D. Sutter We aim to bring change to places that need it most Our first project : Voter turnout in the United States
If that is n't a wave out there on the horizon , it is , at the moment anyway , a big , Republican-leaning ripple . Consider this : -- A new CNN/ORC poll shows President Barack Obama 's standing on terrorism issues is in sharp decline just as voter concerns about ISIS is climbing . -- In that same poll , released Monday , more and more Americans see the country as heading in the wrong direction -- always one of the most telling indicators of the electorate 's mood . -- Recent days also have brought a handful of polls in key Senate races that suggest Republican advantages in Kentucky , Arkansas and Alaska and only a narrow Democratic lead in Colorado . Odds of a GOP takeover of the Senate are looking up eight weeks to Election Day . CNN poll : Key Arkansas Senate race a dead heat CNN poll : McConnell holds slim edge in Kentucky "  It 's much better to be a Republican candidate than a Democratic candidate , at least at the moment , " says veteran GOP pollster Whit Ayres . "  Yes , the Republican brand sucks , but it is the President 's image that dominates midterm elections , not that of our party . " If nothing else , the next few days are going to reinvigorate the debate over what constitutes a wave . Smart operatives in both parties for weeks now have shied away from that word -- mostly because there are fewer competitive House districts now than in past cycles . So , even if the GOP has a great Election Night , it is unrealistic to believe there could be a 30-seat gain in the House , as the Democrats enjoyed in 2006 . Or a 60-seat pickup like the tea party wave in 2010 . This cycle , GOP strategists say a great night would be adding 15-18 seats to the Republican majority ; Democrats are hoping to keep their losses in single digits . Congress to-do list : Avoid shutdown , go campaigning But the improving Senate climate for Republicans has reignited "  wave " talk . "  I am now expecting a substantial Republican Senate wave in November , with a net gain of at least seven seats , " the veteran prognosticator Stuart Rothenberg wrote Monday . Ayres is waiting for a bit more evidence . "  I do n't see any evidence of a wave like we had in '06 or ' 08 , " says Ayres . "  But a few more polls like the one you cite could get me to change my mind . " In the CNN poll numbers , the encouraging news for the President is that he and the public are largely in sync about how muscular to be in responding to ISIS . A clear majority opposes American combat boots on the ground , but 50 % support using other military force , up from 34 % a year ago . Challenges to predicting the November election results But there is this damning finding : 67 % say Obama does not have a clear plan for dealing with ISIS . Plus , only 37 % approve of how he is handling ISIS , and just 41 % approve of his handling of the broader terrorism issue . Perhaps the President can change those bad reviews with his speech to the nation later this week . Even so , his job approval rating is stagnant at 43 % , and the percentage of Americans who think things are going badly in the country stands at 55 % , up from 50 % in April . Again , eight weeks is a long time . And Democrats insist they will again surprise us with superior voter outreach and turnout . But for now , the numbers are compelling : A weak President and a worried electorate are the trademark ingredients of a wave . Or a really big ripple .	Poll numbers indicate a sizable advantage for GOP in this year 's midterms Obama 's approval numbers are low ; more people think U.S. is heading in wrong direction A new CNN poll shows voter concerns about ISIS are rising
Myanmar 's government has begun unveiling drafts of proposed laws that critics say are motivated by religious hatred , and could take discrimination against the country 's marginalized Muslim minority to new heights . The four bills are based on a petition presented by a group of nationalist Buddhist monks to President Thein Sein in July last year , calling for curbs on interfaith marriage and religious conversions , among other measures . According to the monks , it 's a matter of protecting race and religion and encouraging peace . Tensions between the Buddhist majority and Muslim minority in Myanmar , also known as Burma , have been high since deadly violence erupted between the groups in 2012 , as the country emerged from decades of authoritarian military rule . A faction of Buddhist nationalists has been criticized , accused of drumming up hostility . The first draft bill -- stemming from a request from a coalition of monks known as the Organization for the Protection of Race , Religion , and Belief -- was published in state media Tuesday , with a call for public comment by June 20 . The proposed law would require anyone seeking to change their religion to obtain permission from a number of different local authorities . Targeting Muslims ? While the bill applied to all religions , human rights and civil society groups believe it is driven out of a concern to prevent the spread of Islam in the predominantly Buddhist country . "  The objective is against Muslim people , " said Thin Thin Aung , a member of Women 's League of Burma , which belongs to a coalition of women 's groups that has campaigned against a proposed bill on interfaith marriage . "  Almost all parts of these bills are aimed to target Muslims -- it 's based on hatred against this minority religion . " The draft of the accompanying interfaith marriage law is yet to be released . But Human Rights Watch and other rights groups , who say they have seen the draft proposal , maintain it calls for Buddhist women to be permitted to marry only Buddhist men , requiring anyone seeking to marry a Buddhist to convert to the religion . The suitor would also be required to obtain the written consent of the woman 's parents . The proposal also puts forward a 10-year prison sentence for any non-Buddhist who marries a Buddhist in violation of the law , according to Human Rights Watch . Matthew Smith , executive director of rights group Fortify Rights , said that any such law would "  give legislative voice to Buddhist fears of a Muslim takeover . It 's patently discriminatory , " he said . "  The fact that lawmakers in Myanmar are considering a law like this now should serve as a wake-up call to the international community . Anti-Muslim discrimination is reaching unprecedented heights . " But Myanmar 's presidential spokesman Ye Htut said that until the draft bill was released , any comment on its content was "  just speculation . " "  The bill committee is considering all the public advice and opinion on their work , " he said . "  They have to consider articles in the constitution which grant freedom of religion in our country , and consider other international human rights conventions . " Limits on family size The other related "  race and religion protection " draft bills scheduled to be released soon included ones proposing a ban on polygamy and limits on family size -- also aimed at curbing Muslim population growth , according to rights groups . Muslims are estimated to account for about 5 % of Myanmar 's nearly 60 million people . Aung said she feared that the bills , if passed , would lead to further division and violence in the country . "  Our Burmese society is already ethnically and religiously divided , " she said . "  We 're in a very early democratic transition period . It will lead to more prejudice and discrimination . " Mark Farmaner , director of Burma Campaign UK , agreed , saying the laws , if passed , would "  significantly undermine prospects for peace . " "  Ethnic and religious minorities in Burma are already suspicious that the Burman Buddhist dominated central government wants to either assimilate or suppress them , " he said . "  The interfaith marriage laws play into the greatest fears of ethnic and religious minorities that the government sees the country as a Burman Buddhist country where ethnic and religious minorities are not considered equal . " Aung said her coalition also opposed the interfaith marriage law on the grounds that it impinged on the freedom of women to choose who they married , a retrograde step in a country moving towards democracy , and where there were no existing restrictions on a woman 's right to wed. . The bill was also unnecessary , she said , in that marriages of Buddhist women and Muslim men did not appear to be commonplace . "  I do n't see an alarming number of Buddhist women marrying Muslims , " she said adding that marriages between Buddhists and Christians were more common , and generally viewed as unproblematic . Crimes against humanity ? Rohingya Muslims in parts of the western state of Rakhine are already subject to a controversial "  two-child policy " that has been criticized by respected Burmese politician and human rights icon Aung San Suu Kyi . Rakhine state has been the site of communal violence between Rohingya and the region 's ethnic Rakhine majority , which has displaced tens of thousands of Muslims , forcing them into camps where they are completely reliant on humanitarian aid supplies . In March , Doctors Without Borders -- the largest NGO healthcare provider in Rakhine -- was banned from operating in the state , where it had worked for nearly 20 years , because officials accused it of providing preferential treatment to Rohingya . The developments have triggered a humanitarian crisis , with the U.N. 's Special Rapporteur on Myanmar , Tomas Ojea Quintana , declaring last month that persecution of the group "  could amount to crimes against humanity , " and Human Rights Watch labeling it "  ethnic cleansing . " Myanmar authorities have rejected the allegations . "  In Rakhine state , there 's an argument to be made that the government is failing to uphold its obligation to prevent genocide , " said Smith . "  Passing a discriminatory law like this would n't help the situation there . " Will the bills pass ? All four draft "  race and religion " bills are expected to be completed this month and released to the public for feedback , before they are finalized and submitted to Sein for approval by June 30 , according to state media . With the Organization for the Protection of Race , Religion and Belief claiming more than one million signatures in support of the bills , and few willing to speak out against them , opponents fear the measures have a strong chance of passing . "  Such is the anti-Muslim fervour gripping Burma at the moment that even many -LSB- domestic -RSB- human rights activists have been silent on this issue , with women 's groups the only vocal opponents , " said Farmaner . Aung said the moral authority of the monks made it difficult to oppose the legislation . Members of the women 's coalition that had campaigned against the bill had subsequently been threatened by unknown unidentified extremists . "  What the monks say , many people do , " she said . "  Our group has been called traitors . It 's very difficult for ordinary people to speak out . "	Myanmar 's government is considering a law banning interfaith marriage It is in response to a call from extremist Buddhist monks to "  protect race and religion " Myanmar has been plagued by violence between Buddhists and Muslims in recent years Rights organizations fear such laws will create further divisions and prejudice
CNN  -- Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was placed under formal investigation early Wednesday in connection with suspected corruption and influence peddling , French media said . He appeared before a court overnight after a day of questioning in a Paris suburb , CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV reported . He is reportedly the first French president to be held in police custody in connection with an investigation . Sarkozy , speaking to French broadcasters TF1 and Europe 1 , said Wednesday he was "  deeply shocked . " In the taped joint interview , Sarkozy said that there is a "  willingness to humiliate " him , and that he "  never committed any act contrary to republican principles or the rule of law . " The former President added that he "  is not asking for any privilege " and that he "  is not a man who escapes from his responsibilities . " Sarkozy 's lawyer , Thierry Herzog , and a high-ranking magistrate , Gilbert Azibert , were also placed under formal investigation Tuesday , BFMTV said . They were called in for questioning Monday , along with another magistrate who was not brought before a judge . Prime Minister Manuel Valls told BFMTV Wednesday that Sarkozy faced a "  serious situation " and "  serious facts . " "  No one is above the law , but it is important to remember that the presumption of innocence applies to everyone , " he said . Investigators who have been looking into Sarkozy 's campaign financing are trying to establish whether the former President obtained confidential information on legal cases concerning him from magistrates in exchange for the offer of a prestigious post , BFMTV reported . Sarkozy , who led the country from 2007 to 2012 , lost in the 2012 presidential election to Socialist rival Francois Hollande . In recent months , speculation has grown that he might be positioning himself for a political comeback at the head of his center-right party , the UMP . The latest investigation into his actions could prove damaging to his ambitions even if no charge follows . Prime Minister Valls , in his interview with BFMTV , rejected any suggestion that the investigation was politically motivated , insisting that judges work entirely independently . It 's not the authorities who have asked these judges to investigate , he said . The offense of "  active corruption " carries a penalty of up to 10 years in prison and a fine , under the French penal code . Influence peddling is punishable by up to five years in prison and a 500,000 euro  $ 683,000  fine . Bordeaux Mayor Alain Juppe , a UMP politician who formerly served as prime minister and foreign minister , said via Twitter that he was thinking of Sarkozy in a spirit of friendship . "  He is , of course , presumed innocent . His defense will demonstrate his innocence , I hope , " he posted .	NEW : Sarkozy tells French media he is "  deeply shocked " Ex-PM Alain Juppe says he hopes Sarkozy 's defense will demonstrate his innocence Former President Nicolas Sarkozy is placed under formal investigation , French media say French Prime Minister Manuel Valls says it is a "  serious situation "
CNN  -- Cast your eye across a line-up of world leaders and it might look a little something like this : Man in dark suit , man in dark suit , man in dark suit , Angela Merkel in fire engine red two-piece . Or it could be mint green . Maybe electric blue . It does n't really matter which part of the rainbow the German Chancellor chooses to swathe herself in , her multi-colored power suits have become as much a part of political fashion mythology as Margaret Thatcher 's shoulder pads or Jacqueline Onassis ' pearls . Ok , so while Merkel is n't going to be invited to the front row of the world 's biggest fashion weeks -- kicking off in New York , Paris , and London this month -- anytime soon , there 's no denying the powerful politician 's equally imposing wardrobe . But then , how do women dress to impress in the workplace ? And how has it changed over time ? From the severe khaki uniforms of World War Two , to romantic princess frocks of the 1950s , and fierce power suits of the 1980s , CNN takes a look at women 's work wear in the 20th century -- and the pioneering female designers behind them . Function vs fashion "  Women have worn tight pencil skirts and high heels at various times , which is n't necessarily functional , but they might feel they have to wear them in their workplaces to be taken seriously , " said Rebecca Arnold , professor of fashion history at London 's Courtauld Institute of Art . "  I think women 's work wear is more to do with being mentally comfortable , fitting in , and being seen as respectable . " Of course each workplace is different . As Arnold says : "  Someone who 's a lawyer is going to dress in a very different way from someone working in a shop . " Working it Gaze across some of the most popular workplace fashions of the last 100 years , and they often act as a mirror to much bigger social trends . "  What you see from the 1920s onwards , is this negotiating of public space -- using dress to visualize the way women are seen at work , and how they want to be seen , " said Arnold . "  In the 1970s you had lots of debates around what women should wear to be feminist and still be taken seriously . Some really felt you should wear trousers and others thought that was wrong because it was being seen as a man . " And just because it 's workplace fashion , does n't mean it has to be fashionable . "  We 've still got shirts that look like men 's shirts , we 've still got suits based on men 's fitting , " said Arnold . "  Workplace fashion does n't move quite as fast as fashion itself . " By women , for women Then there 's the female designers who helped redefine women 's wear in the modern age . From Coco Chanel 's suit dress in the 1920s , to Diane von Furstenberg 's casual wrap dress in the 1970s , some of the most pioneering pieces were created by women . Still , many of the top fashion houses are still dominated by male names -- think Christian Dior , Yves Saint Laurent and Gianni Versace . "  Perhaps in the wider culture , men have traditionally been more successful at marketing themselves and having authority over their customers , " said Arnold . "  I think that 's gradually changing -- but I do n't think you 're going to see more women in fashion until you see more women in all kinds of roles across the board . " See : Lyndsey Scott -- she 's a beauty and a geek Watch : What next for Russia 's billionaire ` Tsarina ? '	How do women dress to impress in the workplace ? Look back at a century of  sometimes outrageous  office fashion From WW2 uniforms , to 1950s princess dresses , and modern day suits Female fashion designers created signature pieces -- but still have a way to go
CNN  -- Protesters across six continents on Saturday demanded the release of hundreds of detainees in Iran who were arrested in the bloody aftermath of the Islamic republic 's disputed presidential election . Iranian demonstrators in Pakistan shout slogans during a demonstration in Islamabad . The global day of action that spanned about 100 cities was organized by United For Iran and supported by several human rights groups , including Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International and Reporters Without Borders . "  We are all working for the same Iran , " Shirin Ebadi , the 2003 Nobel Peace Prize winner and a native Iranian , told a crowd in Amsterdam , the Netherlands . "  Iran is our homeland , let us be united . " Roxana Saberi , the Iranian-American journalist who spent four months in an Iranian jail earlier this year , addressed a crowd in Chicago , Illinois . "  I 'm very , very touched ... that all of you have turned out here , on this very important day , and that you 're speaking out for those Iranians whose voices can not be heard , " she said . Watch her speak " A crowd gathered in Times Square in New York before marching to the United Nations building to rally . Protesters waved green flags , held up green signs and wore green wristbands and shirts -- the color is symbolic of the opposition movement in Iran . iReport.com : Are you at a protest ? Share your photos , video The sea of green also appeared in Washington , where hundreds of Iranian-American protesters marched from the United Nations Information Center to the U.S. Capitol building to call on the United Nations to take a more active role in addressing alleged human rights abuses inside Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  This is a show of solidarity with the people inside Iran , " protester Khosrow Akbari said . "  Iranians all over the world are united to send the message that they will not tolerate the human rights abuses inside the country . " British protesters outside the Iranian Embassy in London wanted to show solidarity for those Iranians "  who feel too intimidated , too fearful " to go back out on the streets to protest , reported CNN Correspondent Paula Newton . Several of the demonstrations , especially in the United States and Europe , called for Western governments to be more vocal about the reported human rights violations in Iran . Watch a report about the protests around the globe " "  Enough is enough , " said Parviz Shahi , a demonstrator in London . "  How many people do they have to sacrifice ? " The demonstrations on Saturday condemned the Iranian government 's violent response to citizens who claim the June 12 re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was fraudulent . Hundreds of thousands of Iranians took to the streets after the election , and many were met with brutality from security forces that resulted in death or serious injuries . "  These acts are a direct assault on the Iranian people 's human and civil rights -- and those of everyone who supports these ideals around the world , " United For Iran said on its Web site . "  Our only aim is to condemn the widespread and systematic violations of the Iranian people 's human rights and to call for full restoration of their human and civil rights , " the group says . Hundreds of people were detained after the elections , but officials say "  only the organizers of the conflict " were still behind bars . Government officials announced last week that the "  confessions " of the remaining detainees will soon be broadcast . Ebadi called on all Iranians to ignore such broadcasts , saying they were forced by the government . "  Do n't listen to these lies , " she said Saturday , in a speech captured in an i-Report video . Saturday 's events came ahead of Ahmadinejad 's swearing-in ceremony , scheduled for the first week of August . Ahmadinejad 's political rivals also continued their call for the release of detainees Saturday in an open letter to a handful of grand ayatollahs who are "  sources of emulation " for many Shiite Muslims in Iran and abroad . "  This is not and will not put our country and our system on a path of fairness and justice , and will only darken the face of the Islamic republic , in the hearts and souls of all Iranians as well as those around the world , " says the letter , signed by reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi , fellow opposition candidate Mehdi Karrubi and former Iranian President Mohammad Khatami , who supported Moussavi in the presidential race . The letter was published on Moussavi 's Web site , Ghalam News . "  Worst than this is that the security organizations are mysteriously pursuing the wrong and fabricated thoughts that the activists are tied to the foreigners and ... have , therefore , given way to illegal , immoral and unethical confession extraction methods , " the letter says . Meanwhile , in Berlin , Germany , about 2,000 people turned out to rally for Iranians . A moment of silence was held , and about 40 people have been participating in a hunger strike over the past three days , CNN Correspondent Frederik Pleitgen reported . "  We are watching Iran , hoping that they  the government  come to their senses and realize that this is their own people they 're shooting at , " said Sahand Zamani , whose cousin -- 19-year-old Sohrab Aarabi -- was reportedly shot dead on June 15 during one of the bloody protests that followed the presidential elections . "  I certainly think that Sohrab is standing for a lot of young Iranian people and ... his death is a national tragedy in Iran , as well as I think a tragedy worldwide . A 19-year-old boy getting shot because of his opinion -- this has a meaning , " Zamani said . "  But I hope he can find rest and peace and this wo n't happen again . " Germany is one of Iran 's major trade partners , prompting the Berlin protesters to call on their government to get tough with Tehran over the Islamic republic 's human rights record and nuclear ambitions . United For Iran said it wants U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to send a delegation to Iran to investigate the fate of political prisoners ; the immediate and unconditional release of all political prisoners and prisoners of conscience , including journalists ; an end to state-sponsored violence ; freedom of the press and Iran 's adherence to international agreements it has signed .	Ahmadinejad 's political rivals call for detainees ' release in letter to ayatollahs Iranian officials say only "  organizers of the conflict " are still behind bars Demonstrations under way in six continents in support of Iranian election protesters They claim Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election was fraudulent
Your forecast for the next century : Hotter , drier and hungrier , and the chance to turn down the thermostat is slipping away . That 's the latest conclusion from the United Nations , which urged governments to address the "  increasingly clear " threats posed by a warming climate before some options are closed off for good . The latest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change concluded that taking steps to reduce the carbon dioxide emissions blamed for rising temperatures could buy more time to adjust to a warmer world . Cutting emissions now "  increases the time available for adaptation to a particular level of climate change , " the report states . But it adds , "  Delaying mitigation actions may reduce options for climate-resilient pathways in the future . " "  In many cases , we are not prepared for the climate-related risks that we already face , " Vicente Barros , the co-chaiman of the IPCC working group behind the document , said in a statement accompanying the report . "  Investments in better preparation can pay dividends both for the present and for the future . " The summary for policymakers was released Monday morning in Yokohama , Japan . It 's the second part of the IPCC 's benchmark assessment of climate change , a document released every six years with the input of nearly 1,000 scientists . Without checks on emissions , the impacts of climate change will be more severe , more likely , and possibly irreversible , it concludes . Monday 's report underscores "  that we have committed to a certain amount of warming , " said Kelly Levin , an energy and climate expert at the U.S.-based World Resources Institute . "  Over the next few decades , we are going to lock ourselves into a climate change commitment that is going to paint a very different world , depending on what we choose today , " Levin said . "  The choices we make today are going to affect the risks we face through the rest of the century . " As a result , "  Adaptation is emerging as central area in climate change research , " Levin said . But adaptation -- steps such as building sea walls , conserving water and designing cities for warmer climates -- has its limits , she said . "  The report suggests some options are going to be too resource-intensive or too expensive , " she said . An increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide and other emissions have driven average temperatures up by about 0.6 degrees Celsius  1 degree Fahrenheit  since 1950 , the IPCC says . The first part of its report , released in September , concluded that even a best-case scenario would result in an increase in global average temperatures of 1.6 C ; the worst-case scenario estimates a rise of 3.7 degrees Celsius  6.6 Fahrenheit  . The idea that carbon emissions are changing the Earth 's climate is politically controversial , but generally accepted as fact by the overwhelming majority of scientists . And as emissions continue to rise , driving up CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere , the impacts will be more severe , more likely and possibly irreversible , Monday 's report states . The summary of the full document -- which is more than 1,000 pages -- will be the premiere guide for lawmakers . It breaks down the expected impacts by continent and by categories such as marine life , agriculture and flood risks . And by diving into the specifics of the report , policymakers will be able to see what risks their specific locations face , as well as what adaptation and mitigation techniques could prove fruitful . "  The real highlight is how many impacts there are , how widespread they are and how pervasive they are around the world , " said Heather McGray , who studies adaptation at WRI . In most cases , climate change will exacerbate existing problems , such as the availability of fresh water in sub-Saharan Africa . The authors conclude that glaciers will continue to shrink "  almost worldwide , " affecting water supplies downstream . Animals have begun shifting their habitats in response to a warming world , and key crops have been affected already , they wrote . Colder climates may see increases in crop yields from longer growing seasons and milder temperatures , but the negative effects are expected to outweigh the positive , the report states . "  In this report , the finding is the impacts of climate change are already widespread and consequential , " McGray said . The impacts wo n't be the same for everyone , and as usual , the world 's poor are more likely to be hurt . "  Climate-related hazards affect poor people 's lives directly through impacts on livelihoods , reductions in crop yields or destruction of homes and indirectly through , for example , increased food prices and food insecurity , " the report states . Positive effects on the impoverished "  are limited and often indirect . " For those people , the effects "  will be catastrophic " unless emissions can be reduced , McGray said . Carbon dioxide benchmark hits new heights , worries scientists Opinion : Is it time for international agreements to recognize national laws ?	Time 's running out to rein in climate change , U.N. panel concludes "  A certain amount of warming " is locked in , expert says Without checks on emissions , the impacts may be irreversible , report states Losses outweigh gains for farmers and the poor , it concludes
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 12 people were killed and 24 others wounded in a suicide bombing Thursday in the Iraqi city of Ramadi , police said . The assailant , wearing a explosives-laden vest , blew himself up at a cultural center where people had gathered for a celebration of the Prophet Mohammed 's birth , Ramadi police said . Among the injured was Hakmat Zaydan , the deputy governor of heavily Sunni Anbar province . Ramadi , the provincial capital about 100 kilometers  62 miles  west of Baghdad , was once a haven for al Qaeda in Iraq and witnessed some of the fiercest fighting in the Iraq war . Violence has dropped dramatically from a few years ago but attacks still occur .	24 people were wounded in the attack in Ramadi , police say Among the injured was the deputy governor of Anbar province
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The life and apparent death of the ex-Los Angeles Police Department cop who declared war against police corruption has generated a social media fringe of fans asserting that Christopher Jordan Dorner was really a hero seeking justice , despite being a suspect in four killings . The sympathizers have garnered 18,336 supporters on a Facebook page entitled "  We Stand With Christopher Dorner . " The online group has posted Dorner 's manifesto against corrupt police , a document that was "  scrubbed by mainstream media outlets , " the webpage charges . Another Facebook page , "  We Are All Chris Dorner , " had 3,819 "  likes , " or followers , with 6,620 people talking about the page devoted to how the 6-foot , 270-pound Dorner was "  the victim of a manhunt and smear campaign . 5 years ago he was fired from the LAPD for seeking to expose corruption within it . " "  He killed CORRUPT cops , cops kill INNOCENT people ! " one supporter wrote on one of the Facebook pages . Sheriff : ` This investigation is over ' "  it 's a shame we the people could n't help dorner against these government forces , " another wrote . Other supporters used Twitter : "  Apparently burning people alive is now considered appropriate behavior for the police . Judge , jury and executioner , " tweeted one man whose handle is @becomeyoung . That comment referred to how Dorner , 33 , a fired Los Angeles police officer and former Navy reservist , was believed to have been killed Tuesday in a vacant mountain cabin outside Los Angeles . The cabin caught fire during a shootout and standoff with police , who also fired tear gas . Dorner was a suspect in the killing of four people -- including two law enforcement officers and the daughter of another -- during the past 10 days , authorities said . Readers on CNN.com offered their own comments , advancing a theory that police made sure Dorner was dead to silence him . "  Like Dorner said he cross the blue line and they burn him down for it , " said one reader identified as silla1 . "  Poor guy , driven over the edge and then killed in the cover-up . guess you need assault rifles at home with the LAPD around , " wrote a person named Phrenchy . "  Well , it could n't have turned out better for the LAPD , they definitely did n't want Dorner in court . Heads would have rolled if Dorner would have been taken in alive somewhere , " said a posting by WeDontMatter . Public fascination with and endorsement of an anti-hero is common in history and the arts , especially when the figure advances a political message that resonates with people , experts said . "  He 's been a real-life superhero to many people , " said Marc Lamont Hill , an associate professor of English education at Columbia University . "  Do n't get me wrong . What he did was awful . Killing innocent people is bad . "  But when you read his manifesto , when you read the message he left , he was n't entirely crazy . He had a plan and mission here , and many people are n't rooting for him to kill innocent people , they 're rooting for somebody who was wronged to get a kind of revenge against the system . " Hill added . "  It is almost like watching ` Django Unchained ' in real life . " Fueling Dorner 's folk-hero status is social media 's iconoclastic tone , said BuzzFeed Radio host Jack Moore . "  You 'll have people on social media who support these villains , " Moore said . It 's also home to fans of James Holmes , the man charged with killing 12 people and wounding 58 more in a Colorado cinema in July , he added . "  There is some part of it that is social media weirdness , " Moore continued . The narrative of Chris Dorner "  resembles a Denzel Washington movie where someone is wronged , and he stands up for himself and goes down in a blaze of glory , " he said . Opinion : Do n't focus on Chris Dorner 's politics Films are steeped in lore of the little guy raging against injustice , sometimes based on historical figures such as Bonnie and Clyde , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and Frank and Jesse James , said Elayne Rapping , a retired professor of American and media studies at the State University of New York in Buffalo . Fictional or historical , the characters are often portrayed as latter-day Robin Hoods , victims of oppression or the everyman brutalized by an economy or authority , Rapping said . "  Americans have always been fascinated with outlaws , going back to early movies , James Cagney and things like that , " Rapping said . "  You always root for the underdog because of a sense of rebellion . "  We sympathize with them because very often , people do feel they are tied down to rules and regulations and do n't have autonomy , and people say , ` I 'm going to disregard this , and I 'm going to do what I want to do , ' " Rapping added . Twitter users began marking their comments with " #TeamDorner " in support of the ex-officer . There were about 4,000 original posts with that hashtag by Wednesday afternoon . Meanwhile , more than 1,870 people joined the Twitter page @WeRChrisDorner , a fan page linked to a similarly named Facebook page . Some tweets pointed out how innocent civilians were mistakenly fired upon by police on Thursday during their weeklong manhunt in Southern California . Los Angeles Police mistakenly shot and wounded two people in nearby Torrance as the civilians drove a blue pickup resembling Dorner 's vehicle . The LAPD officers involved in the shooting were placed on paid administrative leave . Torrance police also fired upon another blue pickup the same day , but no one was injured in that incident , a law enforcement source said . "  From the perspective of people watching , two cars filled with innocent people were shot at in what to a lot of people looked like street justice than police procedure , " said Karen North , a social media expert and psychologist at the University of Southern California . Manhunt : A car chase , a gunfight and a fiery cabin "  It certainly does n't help a police department that has a history of what looks like brutality , and then they act in a way that looks rash and unthinking on TV , " North added . On a talk radio station in the African-American community in Los Angeles , some residents "  were lionizing and admiring Dorner , " said civil rights attorney Connie Rice . Rice has sued the LAPD for racism on behalf of more than 100 minority officers , an experience that she described as "  hand-to-hand combat . " The LAPD had a "  racially hostile culture , " evidenced in the videotaped police beating of Rodney King in 1991 that later triggered street riots , Rice said . "  The LAPD 's relationship with the black community could only be described as a state of war . Outside of Mississippi , I 've never seen anything like it , " Rice said . Because of reforms , however , the department has improved , and she even has a parking space at the police department 's offices , she said . She pointed out how Police Chief Charlie Beck has agreed to reopen the investigation that led to Dorner 's firing in 2008 . In his manifesto , Dorner said he was relieved of his duties after he reported excessive force by a fellow officer in July 2007 . He joined the force in 2005 . The LAPD 's history of racism aside , Dorner 's alleged violence can not be tolerated , Rice said . She also took strong exception with Dorner 's supporters and fans in the black community and on the Internet , which she also called the "  Id town where a lot of the ugly things come out . " "  The community that comes from Martin Luther King Jr. can never condone this kind of violence , " Rice said .	Christopher Dorner is a "  superhero " to some , like "  Django Unchained , " expert says "  Social media weirdness " favors villains , another analyst says The little guy fighting injustice is often a folk hero in film and history , professor says But Dorner 's violence is unacceptable , says attorney who sued LAPD for racism
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- Paraguay installed new top military commanders , but President Fernando Lugo , who had ordered the change in leadership , was not present for the ceremony . Lugo 's absence Thursday morning attracted attention given his administration 's silence on the sudden change in the leadership of the country 's army , air force and navy . The president 's decision to replace the top brass came a day after he publicly dismissed rumors about a military coup . Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz was named as the new army commander . Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro and Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas took over the top posts at the air force and navy , respectively . The announcement came from the armed forces , not the president 's office . Cibar Benitez , commander of the armed forces , was the only top leader to retain his post . Other changes would be forthcoming in the lower ranks , said Benitez at the swearing-in ceremony , but he denied there was any truth to talk of a coup . Paraguay 's history is filled with unstable transitions of power since it emerged from dictatorship in 1989 . Although there has n't been a coup since that year , there were attempted coups in 1996 and 2000 , and President Raul Cubas resigned amid controversy in 1999 . The military shakeup is the third since Lugo took office . The former Catholic bishop was elected to a five-year term last year . His victory brought an end to six decades of one-party rule in Paraguay , but the honeymoon did not last long . In April , Lugo admitted that he fathered a child while he was still a priest and that he may have fathered more . The revelation , which came as a shock to most , hurt his political image . Calls for his resignation began , and have continued as Lugo has struggled to push reforms through a majority-opposition legislature . Journalist Sanie Lopez Garelli contributed to this report .	Other changes forthcoming in lower ranks , says commander of armed forces The commander of armed forces , Cibar Benitez , is only top leader to keep post Benitez denies any truth to talk of coup Military shakeup is third since Lugo took office
CNN  -- You 've probably never heard of the race , but there 's no doubt you 'd appreciate the action . The athletic skill and white-knuckled bravery possessed by Green River Narrows whitewater kayak racers can only be described as impressive . Over the race 's 15-year history , 412 professional and expert whitewater kayakers of the highest caliber have traveled from around the globe to participate in the event near Hendersonville , North Carolina . They race not for money or corporate sponsorship but for bragging rights . The race begins each year at noon on the first Saturday in November . Organizers estimate that between 140 and 150 racers will compete this Saturday . An estimated 1,000 like-minded river-loving enthusiasts will be on hand to watch . CNN Photos : See images from the 2010 race Organization of race logistics and details is homegrown ; there are no emergency medical services available , and the entire affair is basically DIY . Close relationships between organizers and paddlers and the informal setup contribute to the race 's revered reputation among paddlers . The first race , organized by local kayaker Leland Davis , was held in 1996 , with only 16 kayakers participating . That number has grown immensely , with 136 racers competing in 2010 . The most unique element of the Green River race is the great sense of brotherhood and friendship amongst racers , organizer John Grace said . "  Everyone who races the Green is friends for life , because of the shared experience , " Grace said . "  The Green race mixes danger and extreme with just enough safety . " The perception of "  just enough safety " undoubtedly depends on a paddler 's risk threshold . The race 's course drops roughly 250 feet over six-10ths of a mile . This is squarely Class V whitewater territory , defined by the International Scale of River Difficulty as "  Extremely Difficult " or "  Expert . " Liability waivers must be signed , and a line from this year 's Acknowledgment of Risk section of the registration website illustrates the dangers : "  Racing the Narrows is exceedingly dangerous . Doing so entails known and unanticipated risks , which could result in physical or emotional injury , paralysis and death , " the site reads . "  This is not theoretical : several boaters have died running the Narrows and another has been paralyzed from the upper body down for life . Accidents resulting in dislocated shoulders , deep lacerations and extensive dental work are common . Please do not take your decision to race lightly . " In October 2010 , first-time participant Jiri Vala traveled from his home in Atlanta to the Green River Gorge , just east of Hendersonville , on weekends to test himself on the Green 's unique rapids and river features ahead of the race . "  As a first-time racer , I just want to get through . I want to have a clean run , hopefully a fast one , and keep my heart from exploding , " Vala said in anticipation of the race .  Watch the video to see how his run in last year 's race turned out . Vala will run the Green again this year . "  After last year , I 'm totally hooked . " But he has n't had much time to train for his second run . "  My training has consisted of sitting at my desk in kayaking position for 10 hours a day . Because , as we all know , sitting is the foundation of kayaking technique , " Vala said . Beyond actual participation , just being on hand to watch the race is a test of physical stamina . Spectators ' arrival on the steep and rocky banks that hang over the swift water is preceded by a two-mile hike , a seemingly vertical descent into the river gorge and a final trek upstream that is more of a climb than a straightforward walk . If you want to experience the race , you 're going to work . Most race enthusiasts perch themselves on a slippery outcropping above an 18-foot waterfall , a raging inferno of water affectionately dubbed "  Gorilla . " The water above Gorilla flows with immense power through a narrow slot that racers call "  the notch . " The notch is roughly 6 feet wide and is notoriously the most dangerous spot on the river . It is through this obstacle that racers must pass and quickly set up to drop over Gorilla . This is where much of the race 's carnage and therefore entertaining action occurs , so onlookers perch here , anxiously anticipating the racers ' miscalculations and unfortunate binds . As racers pass through "  the notch , " they often flip or find themselves out of control as they head for the lip of Gorilla . This can result in a backward tumble or worse : an upside-down fall over an 18-foot waterfall with a shallow shelf of rock just below . In addition to bragging rights , race winners come away with handmade glass trophies . But it 's the daring required to participate that earns Green River Narrows Race competitors a badge of honor in boating circles .	Green River Narrows kayak racers brave Class V whitewater The homegrown race has grown from 16 participants in 1996 to about 140 In the most dramatic stretch , there 's a drop over an 18-foot waterfall
Jerusalem  CNN  A Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem on Wednesday , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . The driver of the vehicle was shot as he tried to flee , police said . He later died , according to hospital officials . Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld called it an apparent "  intentioned event " and terror attack . The 3-month-old baby girl was one of eight people initially injured in the incident , according to Israeli Medical Services . She later died , according to a tweet posted by Rosenfeld . "  Baby dies of injuries in hospital after this evening 's terror attack in Jerusalem , " the tweet reads . "  Hospitals treating injured in different conditions . " In Washington , the U.S. State Department condemned the attack and said the baby was "  reportedly an American citizen , who was killed in this despicable attack . " A surveillance camera captured the horrific scene , which has been posted on social media . It shows a speeding car veering right , cutting across two lanes , mounting the station pavement and plowing through the people waiting at the stop . A hospital identified the driver as 20-year old Abdulrahman Shallodi , according to the Palestinian-run Silwan Information Center . Rosenfeld said in a tweet that the driver was an Arab resident of Silwan who had served time in an Israeli prison . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin reported from Jerusalem , and Chandrika Narayan reported and wrote from Atlanta . Tal Heinrich also contributed to this report .	Baby killed in hit-and-run reportedly American citizen , State Department says Driver shot as he tried to flee and later dies , police and hospital officials say Man rams car into commuters waiting at light rail stop in Jerusalem Seven others wounded in what 's being called an act of terror
CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday ordered rapper T.I. back to prison for 11 months for violating his probation with a drug arrest . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , begged U.S. District Judge Charles Pannell Jr. for mercy , saying he needed help for his drug addiction , not more time in prison . "  I screwed up big time and I am sorry , " Harris said during his probation revocation hearing Friday afternoon . "  I am sincerely sorry . I am scared that you will send me to prison . " "  Mr. Harris has had the limit of second chances , " Pannell said as he imposed the sentence . His wife , "  Tiny " Tameka Cottle , left the courtroom in tears even before the judge finished the sentencing . Harris must report to begin his sentence in two weeks , the judge said . U.S. Attorney Sally Yates called for Harris to be sent back to prison for two years , saying "  there has to be a significant consequence for undermining the -LSB- plea -RSB- agreement " that Harris received two years ago to resolve federal gun charges . Those charges followed his attempt to buy three machine guns in the parking lot of an Atlanta grocery store . The judge agreed , saying Harris "  dumped a lot of smut over all the experiment , " referring to his unusual plea agreement that allowed him to avoid a long prison term . Harris served a year of house detention before he spent nine months in prison and three months in a halfway house . The cornerstone of the plea deal was his community service which included the rapper speaking to young people about the importances of staying off drugs and out of trouble . "  He was supposed to be living what he was preaching , " prosecutor Yates said . Harris , in a prepared statement he read in court , said that he had been "  sincere in my message to kids that guns , gangs and drugs threaten your life and I mean it . " "  I 've lived the same life that those kids have , " he said . "  As I discovered in talking to my probation officer , I had many problems from my childhood . Now I am down to the disease of addiction . I need help . For me , my mother my kids . I need the court to give me mercy . Judge , do n't send me back to prison . " Friday 's hearing was triggered when Harris was arrested on drug charges after a traffic stop on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood , California , in September , a violation of the rapper 's probation on the weapons conviction . He failed a drug test the day after his arrest , according to his federal probation officer . "  I want drugs out of my life , " Harris told the court . "  If I can get treatment and counseling I need , I can beat this . " Defense lawyers argued that it is rare for probation to be revoked on a simple drug possession charge . Defense lawyer Ed Garland told the judge that Harris began drinking a mixture of cough syrup and soda during a "  grueling tour schedule " over the summer , saying the combination "  gave him the same feeling as his old pills , which he then ran out of . " He had been given painkillers after a dentist performed several root canals , he said . "  He started off the wagon , like an alcoholic , " Garland said . "  That 's what happened to this young man . So he failed his commitment , with drugs that relaxed him in his schedule . " In an interview with CNN 's Don Lemon on Thursday , Harris talked about his regrets . "  The only thing that I can say , man , is that all people who have supported me , who were behind me , who believed in me , who were disappointed and were let down , I just offer my sincerest apologies and I will dedicate my life no matter how long it takes to earn your trust back and to make you proud yet again , " he said . When Lemon asked the rapper if that meant he would "  never again " get in trouble , he answered , "  Absolutely . " "  I 'm tired , I 'm wore out , " he said . "  I do n't have the age , the energy , or just the attitude to move forward and continuing in this cycle in this ongoing process of destruction and disparity in my life . I 've got too many depending on me and counting on me . I ca n't do it . " The recording artist made headlines Wednesday for his involvement in helping police persuade a man not to jump off the roof of a high-rise office building in Atlanta . Harris talked to the man about how a person "  can make it through anything , " Atlanta Police spokesman James Polite said . "  T.I. just happened to be in the right place at the right time , " Polite said . Harris told Lemon that he went to the scene after he heard on the radio that a man was threatening to jump . "  I believe that I have been put here for a purpose , and I believe that I have an ability to reach people that most people ca n't reach , that I can turn lives around that other people -- they ca n't have the same affect , " he said . "  I think that God placed me here for that purpose . " The man , who was not identified by police , was taken to Atlanta 's Grady Memorial Hospital for a psychological evaluation , Polite said . He was not charged with a crime , he said . A police officer appeared in court Friday to tell the judge about the rapper 's involvement . CNN 's T.J. Holmes contributed to this report .	NEW : The rapper gets 11 months for probation violation T.I. to judge : "  I screwed up big time " T.I. said he needs rehab for drug addiction , not more prison time A defense lawyer says the rapper "  fell off the wagon " using cough syrup
Washington  CNN  -- Two hours after first being notified of an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , a government e-mail to the White House , the State Department and the FBI said an Islamist group had claimed credit , according to a copy obtained by CNN . An initial e-mail was sent while the attack was still underway , and another that arrived two hours later -- sent from a State Department address to various government agencies including the executive office of the president -- identified Ansar al-Sharia as claiming responsibility for the attack on its Facebook page and on Twitter . The group denied responsibility the next day . However , the e-mails raise further questions about the seeming confusion on the part of the Obama administration to determine the nature of the September 11 attack that left U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans dead . Two White House officials , speaking on condition of not being identified on Wednesday , said the government e-mails about the attack were not an intelligence assessment . They also noted that there was conflicting information about Ansar al-Sharia denying responsibility . Read what U.S. intel sees is an al Qaeda in Iraq link "  They were a part of the many different reports we were receiving that day , " one of the White House officials said of the e-mails . "  There are always multiple and conflicting reports in the initial hours of an attack . That 's why you have an investigation . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton advised reporters to wait until a review panel she appointed to investigate what happened completed its work . "  The Independent Accountability Review Board is already hard at work looking at everything , not cherry picking one story here or one document there but looking at everything , which I highly recommend as the appropriate approach to something as complex an attack like this , " Clinton said Wednesday . "  You know , posting something on Facebook is not in and of itself evidence . I think it just underscores how fluid the reporting was at the time and continued for some time to be , " Clinton said . She repeated her earlier pledge to "  take whatever measures are necessary to fix anything that needs to be fixed , and we will bring those to justice who committed these murders . " Meanwhile , White House spokesman Jay Carney noted the e-mail about the claim of responsiblity "  was an open-source , unclassified e-mail referring to an assertion made on a social media site that everyone in this room had access to and knew about instantaneously . " Carney added that "  the whole point of an intelligence community and what they do is to assess strands of information and make judgments about what happened and who was responsible . " The day after the attack took place , President Barack Obama referred to it as an "  act of terror . " What the administration has said But in the following days , Carney maintained there was no evidence suggesting the attack was "  planned or imminent . " In attack aftermath , disagreement over how it began The administration also suggested that an anti-Muslim video produced in the United States likely fueled a spontaneous demonstration in Benghazi as it had in Cairo , where the U.S. Embassy also was attacked . Clinton , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland and Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , all cited the video as a motivating factor in the attack . On September 13 -- two days after the attack -- a senior U.S. official told CNN that the violence in Libya was not the work of "  an innocent mob . " "  The video or 9/11 made a handy excuse and could be fortuitous from their perspective , but this was a clearly planned military-type attack , " the official said . However , it was n't until September 19 that Matthew Olsen , the nation 's counterterrorism chief , told senators that it was a terrorist attack . The next day , Carney also said it was "  self-evident that what happened in Benghazi was a terrorist attack . " The e-mails obtained by CNN provide additional insight into the Benghazi attack . The first one , sent at 4:05 p.m. ET , or 10:05 p.m. in Libya , described a diplomatic mission under attack . "  Approximately 20 armed people fired shots ; explosions have been heard as well , " the e-mail said . Stevens and four other mission staff were in the compound safe haven , it added . Less than an hour later , at 4:54 p.m. ET , another e-mail reported "  firing at the U.S. Diplomatic Mission in Benghazi has stopped and the compound has been cleared . " It said a search was underway for consulate personnel . The final e-mail , at 6:07 p.m. , noted the claim of responsibility for the attack . The subject line said : "  Update 2 : Ansar al-Sharia Claims Responsibility for Benghazi Attack . " "  Embassy Tripoli reports the group claimed responsibility on Facebook and Twitter and has called for an attack on Embassy Tripoli , " the e-mail said . The Facebook claim of involvement was subsequently denied by the group at a news conference in the following days , but not very convincingly . "  We are saluting our people for this zeal in protecting their religion , to grant victory to the prophet , " a spokesman for Ansar al-Sharia said at the time . "  The response has to be firm . " It is common for one or more claims of responsibility to follow high-profile attacks on U.S. targets , and intelligence officials analyze them for validity before declaring any legitimate . For example , groups make false claims to seek publicity and raise their profile . Analysts examine a group 's history , whether it made previous claims that were legitimate , whether it has the capacity to carry out such an attack , and whether known members of the group participated in the attack in assessing the validity of claims of responsibility . CNN 's Ed Payne , Tim Lister , Jessica Yellin and Adam Levine contributed to this report	NEW : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says do n't "  cherry pick " documents The White House says it received conflicting information about the attack A government email on the day of the attack says an Islamist group claimed credit The attack left U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans dead
CNN  For years , they 've wanted six seasons and a movie , and at 3:01 a.m. ET Tuesday , fans got it ... almost . There 's no movie yet , but "  Community 's " much-awaited sixth season made its debut . Not even cancellation by NBC could kill the fan favorite sitcom , as Yahoo streamed the first two episodes of the new season early Tuesday . The show appears to have suffered no decline in quality in the move to Yahoo , though cast member Yvette Nicole Brown  now on CBS ' "  The Odd Couple "  had to leave the show for family reasons . The premiere briefly touches on this in its own way , with Shirley 's absence sounding a lot like the setup for a spinoff  as the character Abed points out , along with several other inconsistencies throughout the episode  . The "  new Shirley , " as Dean joked , is Paget Brewster 's Frankie , who exists to play the disapproving authority figure to antagonize the former study group . Soon , the group was running a Prohibition-esque bar before they could learn to live with Frankie . And how about the end of the first episode , which gave us a look at the spinoff , "  The Butcher and the Baker , " with Shirley and Steven Weber as a Southern lawyer ? Episode two got even more out there , with Dean Pelton 's adventures in 1990s-style virtual reality and a less-successful plotline involving Britta 's parents . Most interesting was the introduction of Keith David as '90s tech genius Elroy . Critics praised the show , with The Hollywood Reporter 's Amy Amatangelo saying , "  Everything fans loved about Community remains -- the first two episodes are chock-full of increasingly bizarre pop-culture references  Portuguese Gremlins , anyone ?  and meta commentary . The show has seamlessly transferred to an online venue . " Time 's James Poniewozik also liked it  despite some reservations about the plot  , writing , "  The first thing that matters is if the latest reboot still has the comedy goods , and it does . " Soon after the show went online , devoted fans on Twitter had their say .	The fan favorite comedy "  Community " returns for a sixth season on Yahoo The series is just as weirdly hilarious as ever , with surprises in store Critics and fans loved the premiere
CNN  -- France has declared a three-day mourning period to commemorate the victims of the Air Algerie Flight 5017 crash , French President Francois Hollande declared on Saturday . Following a meeting with families of the victims , Hollande said flags will fly at half-staff on government buildings from Monday through Wednesday . Fifty-four of the 118 victims were French nationals . The second flight data recorder from has been found in Mali , a U.N. official said Saturday . A team from the U.N. mission to Mali , known as MINUSMA , is assisting the Malian authorities , at the request of that country 's government , spokeswoman Radhia Achouri said . There were no survivors on the flight , which took off Thursday from Burkina Faso bound for Algeria . Accounts of the number of people on board continue to differ . Air Algerie says 117 passengers and six crew were on the plane , but France says there were 118 victims in total . The Algerian government said there were 116 passengers and six crew . The wreckage was found in what Hollande said was a "  disintegrated state " in Mali 's Gossi region , not far from the border with Burkina Faso . The first data recorder , or black box , was found at the crash site on Friday . The cause of the crash is not yet confirmed , but weather may have been a factor . Less than an hour into the flight , the aircraft , an MD-83 , disappeared from radar after changing its flight path because of bad weather , officials said . The U.N. mission 's support includes logistics , transportation , technical and scientific expertise , as well as help securing the crash site , which is in a remote and inaccessible location . "  Our experts assists the Malians and the French in the search of the site , collecting bodies , providing body bags and in securing the site aiming to speed up the work , " said Achouri . As part of French efforts to assist , 33 French forensic experts arrived at the crash site Saturday . How flight attendants keep flying after air disasters World unrest raises travel tension Opinion : Despite plane crashes , it 's safe to fly	French President Hollande declares three days of mourning for victims The second flight data recorder has been found , a U.N. spokeswoman says Air Algerie Flight 5017 crashed early Thursday , less than an hour after takeoff More than 100 people were on board ; none survived the crash
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday said that the recent events surrounding the deaths of two black men at the hands of white police officers underscore that "  too many Americans feel deep unfairness " with respect to the criminal justice system . "  When it comes , as we 've seen unfortunately in recent days , to our criminal justice system , too many Americans feel deep unfairness when it comes to the gap between our professed ideals and how the laws are applied on a day to day basis , " he said during an address during the White House 's College Opportunity Day of Action . The Grand Jury decision not to indict the police officer who killed Eric Garner , an African American father of six , sparked protests throughout New York City and across the nation Wednesday night , just over a week after another acquittal in the death of a black teen at the hands of a white police officer prompted similar unrest across the nation . Obama said he called New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on Wednesday night to commend him for the way he 's handled protests that erupted in the city . The events have inspired a nationwide discussion surrounding race and the criminal justice system , and prompted Obama to host community leaders and elected officials at his office Monday to discuss solutions to the problem . On Thursday , he again pledged to continue working to find a way to tackle the issues with law enforcement in the coming months . But he characterized the challenge ahead as greater than simply reforming the criminal justice system and restoring a sense of justice â $ " rather , Obama said , there 's a need to restore "  a sense of common purpose " in America . "  At the heart of the American ideal is this sense that we 're in it together , that nobody is guaranteed success but everybody 's got access to the possibilities of success , and that we are willing to work not just to make sure our own children have pathways to success , but that everybody does , " he said .	President Barack Obama spoke at the White House 's College Opportunity Day of Action Referencing national protests , the President said many do n't believe the justice system is fair
CNN  -- Canada 's House of Commons voted Thursday to extend the country 's military mission in Afghanistan until 2011 , with the stipulation that NATO send reinforcements to the volatile Kandahar province . Canadian soldiers walk along a track at the Kandahar Air Base in Afghanistan last month . Most of Canada 's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar as part of the NATO-led mission to stabilize the war-torn country . Their presence has sparked controversy in Canada , with the Bloc Quebecois and the New Democratic Party calling for an immediate troop withdrawal . Supporters of the mission argued that Canadians have made progress in providing schools , health care and clean water for thousands of Afghans . They said the improving conditions would be impossible without troops ensuring a secure environment for aid workers and local residents . "  The military needs to be there , " said Harold Albrecht , a conservative member of Parliament . "  The military provides the civil order we would expect from police here . " The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February . It has claimed the lives of 80 soldiers and a diplomat , according to The Associated Press . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has endorsed a panel 's recommendation to keep troops in place only if another NATO nation dispatches additional troops to Kandahar . Canada wants a minimum of 1,000 reinforcements , The Globe and Mail reported . Thursday 's motion , passed with a 198-77 vote , brought Harper 's Conservative party and the opposition Liberals together on the issue . Other parties , however , noted that the cost of maintaining a troop presence in Afghanistan has not been disclosed to Parliament or the public . "  We must provide clarity to the Canadian people , " said Nathan Cullen of the New Democratic Party . "  We believe it to be wrong for our country . " E-mail to a friend	Troops to stay until 2011 , with the stipulation that NATO contribute more forces Most of Canada 's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar province The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February Critics say the cost has not been disclosed to Parliament or the public
Washington  CNN  -- Two hours before the House passed a short term spending bill that defunded Obamacare - something Senate Democrats said they will reject next week - House Republicans met to plan their next attack on President Barack Obama 's signature health care law . House GOP launches shutdown battle Congress : will it be a government shutdown or budget compromise ? House Speaker John Boehner and other top leaders outlined a lengthy GOP wish list of items they plan to attach to legislation raising the nation 's debt limit , including a delay of Obamacare . "  This increase will also contain a number of important pro-growth economic policies , health care and non-health care reforms in addition to a one year delay in Obamacare , " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor announced on the House floor . CNNMoney : The never-ending charade of debt ceiling fights After a rough week that started out with messy GOP infighting about strategy to deal with the government funding bill , the goal is to look ahead to the debt ceiling fight and keep Republicans on the same page . "  We have a good strategy . I think we 're on stride and we 're going to keep this fight going throughout this entire episode . The fight to delay Obamacare does n't end next week . It keeps rolling on until we get it , " Rep Paul Ryan told reporters after the meeting . Cruz : Obamacare fight ` just beginning ' Gingrich favors House Republican budget push on Obamacare McCain on repealing Obamacare : ` Not rational ' In order to avoid another internal fight , GOP leaders crafted a debt ceiling bill that essentially has something for everyone in the Republican conference . In addition to the delay of Obamacare , the measure will include provisions for major tax reforms , and changes to entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security . Ryan told reporters it will be modeled on a budget - it wo n't include specific changes to the tax code , but it will give instructions to both the House and Senate to pass tax reform by a specific deadline . GOP aides declined to say what specific changes to entitlement programs would be in the bill , but congressional Republicans have pushed to change the way Social Security benefits are adjusted for inflation , effectively lowering annual increases for Social Security recipients . The measure would also include approval of the Keystone pipeline , a measure the Obama administration has held up for five years due to possible environmental concerns . Obama wants limits on coal plants , says Keystone ca n't boost pollution GOP members also want to approve more offshore energy production , arguing both these policies would boost job creation . House Republicans also plan to attach several provisions to roll back regulations on coal plants and other industries . These are bills the House has passed before , but have failed to move in the Democratic-led Senate . EPA limits carbon pollution from new power plants President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats insist they will not negotiate on a measure to authorize additional borrowing authority for the Treasury Department , which is projected to run out sometime in October or early November . Obama on debt ceiling : ` We are not some banana republic ' CNNMoney : Debt ceiling ' X date ' could hit Oct. 18 Bachmann : Obama ` used to being George III ' They argue Congress should not risk the nation 's credit limit with another down to the wire brawl over major policy issues like health care and taxes . Obama and Boehner spoke on Friday , an aide to the speaker said . "  The president called the speaker this evening to tell him he would n't negotiate with him on the debt limit . Given the long history of using debt limit increases to achieve bipartisan deficit reduction and economic reforms , the speaker was disappointed but told the president that the two chambers of Congress will chart the path ahead . It was a brief call , " the aide said . But Boehner and other House Republicans say Obama himself agreed to add other measures to reduce the deficit in the last major negotiation over the debt limit . "  We 're going to put a lot of things on the table . And one thing you 'll see is six times since 1985 have the president and Congress negotiated the debt ceiling . The last time was August 2011 , and that was Barack Obama . So , to say it ca n't happen or wo n't happen just simply is n't true . It 's happened a number of times , " Louisiana Republican Rep. John Fleming said . Georgia Republican Rep Tom Graves called the fight on the stopgap spending bill and Obamacare "  one step of many " but was reluctant to endorse the GOP package unveiled on the debt ceiling , telling reporters "  I think we 're moving in the right direction . " This strategy to allow House Republicans to pile on to the debt ceiling bill a host of major policy items is designed to keep the party unified - temporarily at least . But delaying Obamacare for a year and rolling back Obama administration regulations are non-starters with Senate Democrats , and not the debate they want to have on a must-pass bill that the credit markets are monitoring . On the heels of the spending fight House Republican leaders want to try to force the White House and Senate Democrats to come to the table on the debt ceiling . But adding a mix of controversial items to the bill only increases the threat of a default , and ensures Capitol Hill will be tied up for the next several weeks , if not months , with partisan fighting that could ripple through the financial markets .	Next fight with president will be over debt ceiling Republicans seek to maintain united front in opposition to Obamacare and other issues Debt ceiling bill will include laundry list of GOP priorities on entitlements , taxes , energy , jobs Adding a mix of controversial items increases the threat of a default on U.S. debt
Raleigh , North Carolina  CNN  -- Washington no longer has a monopoly on bitter partisanship . Much of the nation 's political rancor has spread to statehouses across the country . And the weekly demonstrations outside the North Carolina legislature , dubbed "  Moral Mondays , " are only the latest example . As they have for three months , liberal activists rallied once again on Monday outside the GOP-dominated statehouse to protest what they see as an aggressive and fast-moving conservative agenda . "  First the Great Recession . Now the Great Regression , " read one protest sign . "  It 's about exposing what 's immoral and extreme , " the Rev. William Barber II , a key Moral Monday leader , said . Republican leaders in the state just walk past the demonstrators and their posters . Ever since they won control of the legislature and the governor 's office for the first time in more than a century , they have repeatedly flexed their newfound muscle . Legislators ' secret abortion bill fuels #vaginamotorcycles Just this year , Gov. Pat McCrory and GOP legislators have cut unemployment benefits , rejected the expansion of Medicaid under the new national health care law , and moved to change voting laws , to the chagrin of Democrats . On the same day of the latest Moral Monday protest , McCrory announced a deal to reduce state personal income and corporate taxes . Another check , Democrats complain , on the tea party checklist . In an interview with CNN , McCrory said , "  Frankly it 's pragmatic , systematic change that 's going to make North Carolina more competitive . " McCrory brushed off criticisms from Democrats that he is only pushing a conservative agenda . "  I have stepped on toes in my first six months in office of the right and the left and the media , " McCrory added . "  Maybe that means I 'm doing something right . " Texas Senate OKs abortion restrictions bill Democrats in the state , who lack any power to pass , sign , or reject laws for the first time anybody in the party can remember , feel that it 's only their toes that McCrory is stepping on . And they accuse the governor and the Republicans of trying to "  turn back the clock . " "  Overall there tends to be a movement , as we would call it , backwards , " Democratic state Sen. Ben Clark said . McCrory points to his record as mayor of Charlotte for 14 years as proof he can work with both Democrats and Republicans . But Democratic lawmakers are waiting for that bipartisan leadership to emerge in Raleigh . For progressives in a state that helped elect President Barack Obama in 2008 , the only recourse is to protest . Among the thousands of protesters at this week 's gathering , hundreds filed inside the legislative building for a show of force that ended with dozens of well-choreographed arrests . Gayle Ruedi , a veteran Moral Monday demonstrator who was arrested at a protest in May , said she traveled to Raleigh again , despite having her first court date this week . "  What they did with unemployment is wrong . What they did with Medicaid was wrong .  And  what they 're doing with abortion , " Ruedi said . Last week , Republican lawmakers in the state House of Representatives approved new rules governing the practices of physicians who perform abortions . McCrory has indicated he will sign the guidelines into law , a move Democrats say would break a campaign promise to stay clear of any new abortion restrictions . "  Absolutely not , " the governor said , insisting the new rules are only a necessary legal update to regulations already on the books . "  Absolutely , that 's a promise kept . " The sudden partisan combat in Raleigh is seen as a test to the state 's reputation of both business-friendly and centrist leadership . "  I think there are people all over the place who say it does n't help to have this much disagreement , " North Carolina State University political science professor Andy Taylor said . In light of the state 's 8.8 % unemployment rate , McCrory argues North Carolina needed a jolt of new ideas . "  They 're fighting to keep the status quo , " the governor said of the demonstrators . Taylor says what 's happening in Raleigh is a continuation of the partisan battles that have moved from Washington to statehouse in Texas and Wisconsin where Republican governors have recently pushed through controversial abortion restrictions . As in Austin and Madison , the protests from liberals are having little effect on the legislative process . Several leaders of the Moral Monday movement said they may continue their weekly gatherings beyond the end of the legislative session , knowing full well they are having little direct impact on the laws passed in their state . Their focus is on next year 's elections . "  The one thing they do n't want to see is all of us coming together , " Barber said . CNN 's Matt Hoye contributed to this report	Republicans control N.C. state politics for first time in more than a century Liberals have protested outside the statehouse every Monday for three months Democrats accuse Republicans of "  turning back the clock " with regressive agenda Governor : Protesters are protecting status quo and that state needed new ideas
CNN  -- Police in Boston , Massachusetts , are searching for a man suspected in the murder of one woman and the armed robbery of two others , all of whom , they say , he may have met through their Craigslist ads for personal services . Julissa Brisman , 26 , was described as "  a really sweet , goofy , energetic kid . " Officers discovered New York resident Julissa Brisman , 26 , unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel on Tuesday night . She was transferred to Boston Medical Center , where she died shortly afterward . Police said Brisman , a model , offered massages via Craigslist , a popular online classified ad service . The confrontation between Brisman and her killer seems to have begun as an attempted robbery , police said . "  It appears that there was a struggle between the victim and the suspect in the threshold of the hotel room immediately prior to the shooting , " the Boston Police Department said in a statement on its Web site . Police speculate the man may also be responsible for the recent robberies of two other young women who offered personal services via Craigslist . Four days before Brisman 's slaying , a 29-year-old woman was robbed at gunpoint at a Westin Hotel in Boston . Police spokesman Joe Zanola would not disclose the details of her Craigslist ad but said she and Brisman were "  involved in similar professions . " On Thursday night at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , according to Warwick 's police chief , Col. Stephen McCartney . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , according to McCartney . He said that no conclusions could be made but allowed that the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . " Matthew Terhune , a photographer who met Brisman when he took pictures of her for a calendar last year , described her as "  just a really sweet , goofy , energetic kid . " He added that she was enrolled in Alcoholics Anonymous and was contemplating counseling fellow recovering addicts . He had been unaware of her side job as an Internet masseuse . Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , said the Boston Police Department , which is asking the public 's help in identifying the man . Representatives from Craigslist did not respond to a request for comment .	26-year-old died after attack at Boston hotel on Tuesday Police say she posted Craigslist ad offering massages Man may be behind two recent robberies , they say Boston police seek public 's help identifying man on video
CNN  -- Two high-ranking public officials were shot and killed in Mexico late Wednesday , making for four such attacks in the past two weeks . Three of the deadly assaults happened this week . In Oaxaca state , Mayor Nicolas Garcia Ambrosio and Council Member Angel Perez Garcia were assassinated Wednesday evening in the city of Santo Domingo de Morelos , the government-run Notimex news agency reported . A few hours later , gunmen shot and killed the deputy attorney general for the Mexican state of Chihuahua and one of her two bodyguards , the mayor of Ciudad Juarez said on Thursday . La Linea , the armed wing of the Juarez Cartel , claimed responsibility for killing prosecutor Sandra Ivonne Salas Garcia , said Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz . Oaxaca is in southwestern Mexico and Chihuahua is in northern Mexico , on the border with Texas . Two other political assassinations occurred in recent days . Front-running Tamaulipas state gubernatorial candidate Rodolfo Torre Cantu and a state legislator were gunned down Monday morning near Ciudad Victoria . Tamaulipas , also a a border state , has seen some of the bloodiest violence in Mexico in recent months as the Zeta and Gulf cartels fight for supremacy . In Chihuahua , criminals shot and killed Guadalupe Mayor Jesus Manuel Lara Rodriguez on June 19 as his wife and child watched . He was a vocal opponent of the drug cartels . Some observers say there 's little doubt the assassinations are linked to the run-up to elections Sunday for 12 state governorships and municipal and state posts . "  Yes , at least some of this clearly is related to the elections , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Mexico Institute . "  If you shoot somebody , it 's because you do n't want that person to arrive -LSB- in office -RSB- . " Samuel Logan , an expert on Latin American gangs and founding editor of the Southern Pulse intelligence report , said criminals are choosing which candidates they can not tolerate . "  It 's evidence of the reach that organized crime has in the political realm , " Logan said . With so many offices at stake Sunday , "  you have so many possibilities for peddling influence , " said Logan , who recently wrote a book on the Mara Salvatrucha gang of Central America and is working on a book about the Zetas , which has emerged as Mexico 's most ruthless drug cartel . "  You have to settle the scores one way or another , " he said . "  If you do n't work for us , we 're going to kill you . " John Mill Ackerman , an author and professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico 's Institute of Legal Research , said he sees two possible scenarios . "  What the cartels need is government protection , " Ackerman said . "  They are ready to knock off anybody who refuses to reach an agreement with them or who agrees with the other group . " Ackerman said he has no way of knowing what happened in Tamaulipas . Selee said he believes the fighting may have taken a toll on the cartels . "  There are several drug-trafficking organizations that are on the ropes and they are striking back , " Selee said . "  But without knowing the facts of these killings , it 's hard to know . " Analysts and politicians say each case must be viewed independently . "  I do n't know if you can connect all the dots to each other , " Selee said . "  They are different criminal groups -LSB- who have committed the assassinations -RSB- , " said Reyes , the Juarez mayor . "  We ca n't say that they have reached an agreement in doing this . " Reyes knows better than most the dangers of serving as a public official in Mexico . In March , authorities discovered a decapitated pig 's head wrapped in a blanket . In the macabre package , they found a death threat against Reyes . The next Juarez mayor , who will be elected Sunday , will take office October 9 . It 's a date that ca n't come quickly enough , Reyes said with a nervous-sounding laugh . Asked how he 's dealing with the ever-present danger , he said , "  With much caution . " The mayor said he is "  taking all necessary precautions " and has offered protection to all the candidates in the city . Chihuahua state and Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , have emerged as the major battleground among cartels seeking access to lucrative drug-running routes into the United States . The Mexican federal government said in April that 22,700 people have died in the country since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . Calderon 's offensive was a major departure from the way Mexico dealt with drug cartels . "  There 's no more wink wink , nod nod . Sell your drugs but make sure there 's no blood on the streets , " Logan said . Nowhere in Mexico are the streets bloodier than in Ciudad Juarez , where there have been more than 4,300 slayings in less than four years . Juarez is the largest city in Chihuahua state , where the Juarez and Sinaloa cartels have been killing each other at a record pace . The city of Guadalupe , where the mayor was killed earlier this month , is in Chihuahua . The deputy attorney general killed Wednesday night also worked in Chihuahua . In February , gunmen ambushed the mayor of the Mexican municipality of Guadalupe y Calvo in southern Chihuahua state . Killed were Mayor Ramon Mendivil Sotelo and one of his bodyguards . Even the police in Chihuahua do n't feel safe . Juarez Police Chief Robert Orduna resigned in February 2009 after receiving death threats . For an increasing number of officials in recent days , those threats have become reality . "  We are seeing for the first time a major uptick in the past few months against elected officials and candidates , " Selee said . "  It 's related to the intensifying conflicts among the cartels . " Analysts agree that the violence will continue . And it does n't much matter who is doing it , some say . "  I do n't really care who claims responsibility for it , " Logan said . "  The bottom line is that this guy was killed . "	There have been four deadly attacks against public officials in two weeks Three of the attacks were this week Analysts see link to elections Sunday in 12 states Chihuahua and Tamaulipas are bloodiest states
Editor 's Note : Donna Brazile , a Democratic strategist , is chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee 's Voting Rights Institute and founder of Brazile & Associates , a political consulting firm . She was the campaign manager for the Al Gore-Joe Lieberman ticket in 2000 and wrote "  Cooking with Grease . " Donna Brazile says Barack Obama 's inauguration is a huge milestone in the fight for equal rights WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Today Barack Obama will be sworn in as the 44th president of the United States of America . This is the day for which so many prayed , so many marched and so many more sacrificed . This is a day of jubilation and celebration . This is the day to rejoice and recommit ourselves to restoring the American dream for us all . Barack Obama 's election offers our country the opportunity to open a new chapter that will allow us to turn the corner on past prejudices and racial politics . When Sen. Obama announced his candidacy for president in 2007 , most people , black and white , thought it would be , at best , an interesting sideshow . After Obama 's victories in the early primaries , there came the controversial videos of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , broadcasting a racial divisiveness that cast even greater doubt on an Obama candidacy . But the senator moved quickly to reassure people that Wright 's jaundiced view of America did not reflect his own . Americans wanted to move beyond racial categorization and the politics of division . Obama understood that . And so did the voters . But African-Americans did n't believe it . Seventy-one percent of black voters had never thought a black candidate for president would get elected in their lifetime , according to a national poll released in November by CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Yet 59 percent of white respondents said they had thought it was possible . Obama did not just win the caucuses in Iowa -- a state with a white population of more than 94 percent -- he resoundingly captured it . Other primary victories , once thought improbable , soon followed . These included Georgia , and Virginia , the former seat of the Confederacy . On Election Day , Obama won a higher percentage of the white vote than John Kerry did in 2004 , though he did not get a majority of whites . Unlike other black presidential candidates before him , Obama did not run as "  the black candidate . " He ran as a Democratic candidate , a U.S. senator from Illinois , and a progressive . And America , by larger margins than in previous recent elections , voted for the progressive Democratic U.S. senator from Illinois who happened to be biracial . For too long , race has been the stain on the American fabric . As Secretary Condoleezza Rice reminded us , race has been our "  nation 's birth defect . " At times during the long primary and general election , race became a subtle distraction -- but the American people rejected it and it was never the primary issue . Nor was it the primary issue for Americans who voted for Barack Obama . The vast majority of those who voted for and against Obama did so based on the content of his political prescriptions and platform -- not the color of his skin . A lot of lessons were taught November 4 . Obama 's election revealed the possibility of three new truths for African-Americans : White America may not be as racist as African-Americans thought they were ; a solution to our country 's lingering racial problem may eventually be found ; and the Rev. Martin Luther King 's dream that one day all people will be judged by the content of their character rather than the color of their skin is alive and within reach . Obama 's election has inspired 6 in 10 blacks to forecast better race relations in the United States . "  A majority of blacks now believe that a solution to the country 's racial problems will eventually be found , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  In every previous poll on this topic dating back to 1993 , black respondents had always said that racial problems were a permanent part of the American landscape . Even in the most recent polls taken last week , a majority of African-Americans said that a solution to the country 's racial problems could be within reach ; now blacks and whites agree that racial tensions may end . " Yes , of course , racism still exists in America . But if a black man can become president of the United States of America , then are n't all Americans now free to believe they can achieve any goal they set for themselves ? So on this day , let us all rejoice and be glad . Let us celebrate this moment in American history and let us resolve to find common ground . Let us resolve to join together as a nation to ensure that racial prejudice in America , as well as an ethic of non-achievement based on excuses and low expectations , dies the same death it did in the November ballot box . What our founders envisioned -- what President Lincoln and the Rev. King fought and died for , we are perhaps finally ready to achieve . This is a remarkable moment . Though not the apex we need to reach , it is still a mountaintop , alive with possibilities , a dream no longer deferred . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Obama 's inauguration is a time for rejoicing and rededication Brazile : Hardly anyone took Obama seriously as a candidate two years ago Brazile : He did n't run as an African-American candidate but as a Democrat Brazile : We are perhaps ready to achieve what Lincoln and the Rev. King fought for
Fast food workers striking for higher wages in seven cities Monday are bound to be disappointed . On their last week before vacation , Congress is n't likely to raise the minimum wage . They 're not even close to critical mass on that issue . With other issues on their plate -- immigration reform , the farm bill and that whole business about funding the government -- it is not one of the things lawmakers are spending a lot of time talking about . There are n't any votes scheduled any time soon and it has n't yet had a hearing in the House of Representatives this year . But there does seem to be a confluence of minimum wage story lines , in addition to the fast food walkout , across the nation recently . Related : Fast food workers protest in seven cities In a major speech last week , President Barack Obama renewed his call to up the current $ 7.25 minimum wage for wage earners who do n't get tips to $ 9.00 per hour . The minimum wage section was an applause line when he spruced up his economic plan with the first in a series of speeches he plans to give outside of Washington . "  Because no one who works full-time in America should have to live in poverty , I am going to keep making the case that we need to raise the minimum wage -- because it 's lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office . It 's time for the minimum wage to go up , " he said during his speech at Knox College in central Illinois . He also called for a minimum wage increase in more detail during his State of the Union address earlier this year . "  This single step would raise the incomes of millions of working families , " he said . "  It could mean the difference between groceries or the food bank ; rent or eviction ; scraping by or finally getting ahead . For businesses across the country , it would mean customers with more money in their pockets . And a whole lot of folks out there would probably need less help from government . In fact , working folks should n't have to wait year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never been higher . " In Washington , the City Council passed a bill this month that would force large retailers -- specifically , Walmart -- to pay a wage of more than $ 12.00 . That 's a higher hourly rate than some D.C. city workers get . Supporters of the bill counter that city workers get benefits that bring their compensation above $ 12.50 -- not everyone at Walmart does . There 's still no word on when that bill will head to Washington Mayor Vincent Gray for his expected veto . Related : Walmart vs. D.C. Lawmakers The current federally-mandated minimum wage is $ 7.25 -- the same as it has been for the past four years . A family with children living on one or even two full-time minimum wage salaries could still fall below the federal poverty line , depending on the cost of living in their hometown . In recent years there has been a push for the minimum wage to be a "  living " wage . That would require a drastic uptick , however . According to a "  living wage " calculator from MIT , a "  living wage " for an adult and a child in Cincinnati , Ohio , for instance , would be $ 17.56 , if you factor in child care . For two adults and no children , they suggest a living wage of $ 16.20 per hour if there were no child care expenses . Every Republican and six Democrats in the House voted against raising the minimum wage when Democrats offered it during a procedural fight over an unrelated bill in March . That vote was 223-184 . The federal rate has only been raised a few times in recent decades , most recently in 2007 , soon after Democrats took control of the House . They lost control of the House in 2010 . The third and final in a series bumps from that legislation kicked in in 2009 . Those who support increasing the minimum wage want to tie it to inflation and initiate automatic cost of living adjustments at periodic intervals . As it stands , only Congress can raise the minimum wage . And those efforts traditionally take a long time . It took 10 years between a 1997 wage hike and the one enacted in 2007 . States and cities , meanwhile , have worked on their own solutions . They 've tied minimum wage to inflation in two states including Oregon , where the rate is approaching $ 9 . Some cities are even higher . The minimum wage in high-cost San Francisco is $ 10.55 . Eighteen states and the District of Colombia have a minimum wage higher than the federal level of $ 7.25 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . There is evidence on both sides of the minimum wage debate . Proponents of an increase say it is an important safeguard for low-wage workers and evidence shows it does not lead to higher unemployment . But opponents suggest is has other effects on the jobs market . Raising the minimum wage "  makes it harder for unskilled workers to gain the labor market experience and on-the-job training that would raise their productivity and future pay , " wrote the economist Stephen Bronars , of Welch Consulting and a professor at Georgetown recently . "  Unskilled workers are less attractive with a higher minimum wage because they produce less per hour and their hiring diverts more senior workers from revenue producing activities to training and supervision . " According to a recent CNN Money report on Bureau of Labor Statistics data , minimum wage jobs are on the decline . An estimated 3.6 million people were paid hourly rates at or below the federal minimum in 2012 . Nearly 60 % of U.S. workers are paid hourly , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . An estimated 4.7 % of those hourly workers make minimum wage or less , down from 5.2 % , a year earlier -- the lowest rate since 2008 .	Little chance Congress with take up increasing the minimum wage any time soon Obama has said he wants to raise rate from $ 7.25 / hour to $ 9.00 / hour . Fast food workers in seven cities rally for a hike in the rate
New York  CNN  -- A review of forensic evidence in New York City rape cases has uncovered 26 incidents where critical evidence went undetected , prompting the city 's medical examiner 's office to look into more than 800 rape cases over 10 years , "  reviewing and retesting everything . " On Friday , the medical examiner 's rape-case review prompted New York 's City Council speaker to set an "  emergency oversight hearing " for January 22 . "  The mishandling of rape cases is making double victims of women who have already suffered an indescribably horrific event , " City Council Speaker Christine Quinn said . "  We can not allow these women to wonder if their attacker remains free or to go one more day without knowing justice was served in their case . " The review , which began in July of 2011 , focuses on the work of one technician includes all cases the technician processed over a 10-year period . So far , that re-examination has uncovered 26 cases where the technician allegedly failed to detect biological evidence critical to the cases . In another 19 cases , the review found that pieces of evidence were in the wrong rape kits . ' "  The only answer here is a top-down , complete review on how they train , the procedures they use and the oversight , " said Sonia Ossorio , president of the National Organization for Women of New York City . "  The mishandling of evidence can mean that rapist who should be in jail are out walking the street just looking for more victims . " The results have only indicated false negatives , not false positives , according to Chief Medical Examiner spokeswoman Ellen Borakove . "  We know that nobody has been wrongfully convicted , and nobody is serving time for something they should n't be serving time for , " she said . The technician in question was in charge of processing rape kits , alongside some 40 other staff members at the office . Around the end of 2008-2009 , after she enrolled in a training program to become a DNA analyst , the supervisors realized "  there was a problem " and took her off casework , Borakove said . Her mistakes then prompted supervisors to look at her earlier work , and they discovered the false results . "  She  the technician  is no longer here and that 's the important thing , " said Borakove . The newly discovered forensic evidence has since led to the indictment of a Brooklyn man in an incident 10 years earlier , according to Borakove and the district attorney 's office .	A review uncovers 26 cases where a technician allegedly failed to detect evidence NY 's City Council speaker sets an emergency oversight hearing for January 22 The city 's medical examiner 's office says it 's "  reviewing and retesting everything "
CNN  -- Assessment tests seem to be everywhere , measuring everything from intelligence to personality , ability , leadership potential -- you name it , they test it . But , how effective are these tests really at predicting job success ? "  It 's a bit like rolling a dice , but if done right it 's better than nothing , " says Robert Bacal , author of Performance Management . "  This is an industry worth hundreds of millions of dollars , and not all these tests are equally good . The best way to gauge the result is to watch carefully what happens with your hires . " That 's what they 've been doing at A.P. Moller - Maersk , the world 's largest shipping company , for nearly four decades . The company has been using and developing their own intelligence test , the content of which is considered so valuable a trade secret that it is done only in-house and on paper . Maria Pejter , senior director of group human resources , says the test helps minimize the uncertainty of the recruitment process . One key part of the test is analyzing intellect . "  Internal tests and academia tell us that all things being equal , the more intelligent you are the more likelihood there is that you will perform . In this case , smarter is better , " she says . With more than 100,000 employees in 130 countries and tens of thousands of applications annually , it 's also a purely practical approach - and one she says keeps paying off . "  I can go fishing in our pool of talent , knowing that any of our recruits have the cognitive ability to rise through the ranks . " Maersk 's findings are in line with what most experts say -- that intelligence tests are fairly good at predicting people 's performance across a range of jobs . But , they also agree that they are not the only answer . Robert P. Gandossy , one of the world 's foremost experts on developing talent and leadership , and author of several books on the subject , says IQ tests can be notoriously problematic - especially when identifying leadership ability . "  Would having an IQ score a few points higher predict greater leadership potential ? There is no evidence to support that claim , " he says . Personality profiling can help give you insights into someone 's leadership style , how they will interact with others , and where improvement might be needed . Pejter agrees , saying Maersk 's success has in part been due to combining their intelligence test with a personality test . "  What we see is that any given personality trait may express itself quite differently . An assertive American and an assertive Japanese may express themselves differently , but their performances are equally valuable . By using a test we can avoid the bias that come with certain judgments and expectations , and because we hire people from all over the world that is important . " Most experts agree a proper combination of tests can supply you a greater understanding of how to motivate employees , fit them in the right jobs , and enhance their performance -- saving potentially millions of dollars in wrong hires and absenteeism . They also agree that the road to successful employee assessment is full of problems and potentially costly pitfalls . To get it right demands serious attention and commitment . John Arnold , chartered occupational psychologist at the Institute of work psychology , University of Sheffield , says not all personality tests are created equal . "  Check whether the test has been shown in other organizations to predict performance -- in the same type of job you are trying to fill . " Then , make sure the test takes into account the skills and personalities the job requires . That means doing a proper job analysis before you begin . "  Do n't just base it on the style of people doing it now , " he says , "  but on what the job truly requires . " "  Remember that jobs have personalities too " , says Robin Wood , president of Predictive Index  PI  , Europe , who are behind the personality test Maersk uses . "  The demands of a bookkeeper in Japan would be broadly similar to that of a bookkeeper in Argentina - and the personality you are looking for in that case is someone who is conscientious , detail oriented , trustworthy and likes to work within a strong set of guidelines or and rules . " On the other hand , he adds , the job of a country president has a personality too . "  It needs a person that can take overview , make decisions , manage risk , deal with complexity , motivate and mobilize people to achieve goals . " Make sure you balance any type of assessment against other information like performance , observation , and feedback such as references - because they do n't always tell the whole story . "  Within limits , most of us can operate very effectively in ways that are not within our preferred personality , " says Arnold , noting that an extrovert can be perfectly capable of behaving calmly when appropriate . Also , remember that no test is foolproof . "  Experiments have shown that people can effectively fake personality tests when they want to , " says Arnold . He says they may guess what an employer wants in order to get the job - a bad idea that can land both employee and employer in a bad situation . Ultimately , most experts agree that careful selection can pay off -- but only if done right . With decades of practical experience behind them , even Maersk knows there are no guarantees when predicting behavior . "  It 's a game of probability , " says Pejter .	Assessment tests are everywhere -- measuring everything from intelligence to leadership potential Some companies -- like shipping giant Maersk -- say their tests help deliver a strong workforce However , some people still question how well such tests can work
CNN  -- Honda have confirmed they are pulling out of Formula One , unless a buyer for the team can be found by the end of the month , blaming the global financial crisis for their decision . Jenson Button , left , and Rubens Barrichello could be out of a job following Honda 's withdrawal from F1 . Chief executive Takeo Fukui announced at a news conference in Tokyo that the company would be willing to sell the team and will withdraw from the 2009 competition if no buyer is found by the end of Decemebr -- ending the Japanese car giant 's nine-year involvement in the sport . "  We , Honda Motor Co Ltd , have come to the conclusion that we will withdraw from all Formula One activities , making 2008 the last season of our participation , " said Fukui . "  This difficult decision has been made in light of the quickly deteriorating operating environment facing the global auto industry , brought on by the sub-prime problem in the United States , the deepening credit crisis and the sudden contraction of the world economies . "  Honda must protect its core business activities and secure the long term as widespread uncertainties in the economies around the globe continue to mount . A recovery is expected to take some time , " he added . It is understood the 600 members of staff at Brackley , near the Silverstone circuit in England , were told job losses would be likely , even if a buyer was found for the team . The news also leaves drivers Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello facing an uncertain future , with spare places in rival teams few and far between . Honda 's demise would also reduce the F1 grid to just 18 cars  nine teams  and would see them become the second team to fold this year following Super Aguri 's closure early in the season . Despite a huge operational budget of $ 300 million , Honda have under-achieved in the sport , finishing ninth out of 10 in the constructors ' standings with Barrichello 14th and Button 18th out of the 20 drivers . Honda Motor Corporation are dealing with faltering sales worldwide and the Formula One team is not the only casualty . On Thursday , 490 temporary employees were told they would be laid off at the end of January , while last month 270 temporary employees were informed their contracts were not being renewed . Max Mosley , president of Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , said Honda 's withdrawal had confirmed his "  longstanding concern that the cost of competing in the world championship is unsustainable . " Read more about Mosley 's past warnings Mosley sent a letter to the remaining teams urging them to accept cost-cutting moves including smaller , more fuel-efficient engines , which he estimated would shave up to $ 60 million off the expense of running a team beginning in the 2010 season . "  In the FIA 's view , the global economic downturn has only exacerbated an already critical situation , " Mosley said . "  What has happened to Honda is very sad because obviously it involves a lot of jobs and they are a key player in Formula One , but I have to say it was not entirely unexpected , " he added . "  I 've been expecting one of the major manufacturers to stop for some time because even before the current situation the costs were completely out of control . Now it 's difficult to imagine how any manufacturer could stay in the sport unless we make really substantial reductions in costs . " Meanwhile , Honda team principal Ross Brawn remains confident a suitable new owner could still be found . The former Ferrari technical director told BBC Radio Five Live : "  It 's a fantastic opportunity for someone to step into what will be a very competitive team next year . "  The facilities here are one of the best in Formula One , the workforce is definitely one of the best in Formula One and we have got a great car design for next year . "  I think it would be unfortunate for Formula One if this had a domino effect on other teams . I hope that does n't happen but all the teams are having to face up to this economic environment . "  Formula One unfortunately has a certain inertia and it is difficult to change things quickly because of the regulations . If a car factory gets into difficulty it can close down for a few months , stop production . We ca n't do that . We have races to go to and schedules to meet . "  It is very difficult to turn the tap off in Formula One overnight but I think the things that are being done now can really make a difference next year and in 2010 . "	Honda say they are pulling out of F1 unless a buyer for the team can be found Japanese carmaker will quit in December , blaming global financial pressures The decision means only 18 cars and nine teams will line up on the 2009 grid Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello are now without drives for next season
POTTSVILLE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A fomer Pennsylvania high school football player was acquitted of murder Friday in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant last summer . Luis Ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of Pennsylania teens . However , a Schuylkill County jury found Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak guilty of simple assault stemming from the death of Luis Ramirez , who died of blunt force injuries to the head after a fight with the defendants and their friends . Donchak , 19 , was also found guilty of providing alcohol to the group of teens that encountered Ramirez the night of July 12 on a residential street in the rural mining town of Shenandoah . Both teens were acquitted of ethnic intimidation charges . Prosecutors alleged the teens baited the undocumented Mexican immigrant into a fight with racial epithets , provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with Ramirez convulsing in the street , foaming from the mouth . He died two days later in a hospital in Danville . Piekarsky , 17 , had faced a charge of third-degree murder for allegedly delivering a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after he was knocked to the ground . He also was found not guilty of ethnic intimidation , aggravated assault and attempting to solicit a cover-up . An all-white jury of six men and six women heard from several prosecution witnesses , including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight . While the jury heard conflicting accounts about who initiated the encounter or delivered the final kick to Ramirez 's head , defense lawyers attempted to place the blame on another co-defendant , who is facing charges in juvenile court , and Colin Walsh , who has pleaded guilty to violating Ramirez 's civil rights . The juvenile admitted on the stand to shouting "  go home you Mexican -LSB- expletive -RSB- " after the first fight dispersed , prompting Ramirez to turn back and attack him . The juvenile 's testimony was corroborated by Walsh , who admitted to punching Ramirez and knocking him to the ground after he charged the juvenile . Both witnesses said Piekarsky delivered the final blow to Ramirez 's head while he was on the ground , but others testified that they could n't be certain who had actually kicked him . The incident drew national attention to the small town of Shenandoah , highlighting issues of race relations . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation NEW : Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak convicted of simple assault Schuylkill County prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated Incident drew national attention to rural mining town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania
London  CNN  -- William Hague announced his resignation as Britain 's foreign secretary , in what was perhaps the biggest surprise of a major government reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron . Hague , who has served in the role for four years , will be the leader of the House of Commons until next year 's general election . Hague said he was proud of the work he had done in the Foreign Office but that he 'd been involved in politics for a long time . He was first elected to Parliament in 1989 and , among other roles , led the Conservative Party in opposition from 1997 to 2001 . "  Renewal in politics is good , and holding office is not an end in itself . After 26 years as an MP , time will be right for me to move on , " he tweeted Monday . Cameron praised the contribution made by Hague . "  I 'd like to pay an enormous tribute to  Hague  , who is standing down as an MP at the next election , " Cameron tweeted Monday night . "  Until then , I 'm delighted he 'll remain my de facto political deputy , play a key campaigning role and be Leader of the House of Commons . " Cameron confirmed Tuesday that Philip Hammond would step into Hague 's shoes at the Foreign Office . Hammond , who has been serving as UK defense secretary , is seen as a critic of the European Union . Cameron has promised a referendum on UK membership of the EU by the end of 2017 if he is still Prime Minister after the 2015 election . His Conservative Party currently governs in coalition with the Liberal Democrats . Cameron has called for EU reform but was recently thwarted in his efforts to block the appointment of Jean-Claude Juncker as the next president of the European Commission , taking office later this year . That appointment is expected to be confirmed in a European Parliament vote later Tuesday . Another casualty of the Cabinet reshuffle was veteran MP and former chancellor of the exchequer Ken Clarke , who is a strong pro-European voice . "  Ken Clarke has been a political Titan for more than a generation . His wise and trenchant views will be missed around the Cabinet table , " Cameron said via Twitter . While foreign secretary , Hague took a prominent stand on the issue of ending sexual violence in conflict , teaming up with Hollywood star and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie to call for global action . The pair co-chaired a summit in London last month which brought together representatives from nearly 130 countries . Hague said on Twitter that he would continue to lead the UK campaign to end sexual violence in conflict as Cameron 's special representative . He added , "  I 'm proud we now have a restored @foreignoffice , revived alliances , a new course in Europe , and stronger UK leadership on #humanrights . " Hague has previously published two books on British political history . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Hague 's successor will be Philip Hammond , until now the UK defense secretary William Hague had served as UK foreign secretary for the past four years Prime Minister David Cameron announced a major government reshuffle on Monday Hague will be leader of the House of Commons until next year 's general election
London  CNN  -- They looked like "  a normal couple " as they left the hospital , one bystander said . Of course , most normal couples do n't have a crowd of reporters , photographers and random well-wishers waiting for them to show off their new baby . Prince William and Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , emerged from St. Mary 's Hospital in London on Tuesday evening to give the public its first view of the new heir to the British throne , joking that the still-unnamed boy had more hair than his father . Catherine and William took turns holding the child , wrapped in a cream-colored blanket , as they waved to well-wishers outside . The couple is "  still working on a name , " William said , "  so we 'll have that as soon as we can . " But he added , "  He 's got her looks , thankfully . " The prince has already changed his first diaper , the couple told reporters . "  It 's very emotional . It 's such a special time , " Catherine said . The couple left the hospital Tuesday evening , with William carrying the boy out in a car seat and installing him in the back of a black SUV . Then he got behind the wheel for the trip to their residence at Kensington Palace . On their way out , they walked out down the same steps where Diana , Princess of Wales , and Prince Charles gave the world its first look at Prince William 31 years ago . "  It was so exciting . It was fantastic , " said Eliza Wells , one of those gathered outside the hospital . "  The crowd erupted , because everyone 's been waiting so long for it . " William and Catherine "  both seemed very relaxed , even with the press there and the crowd , " Wells said . "  They just seemed like a normal couple . " Shortly before the departure , Charles stopped by for a brief visit with his first grandchild , accompanied by his wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall . He told reporters it was "  marvelous . " And Catherine 's parents , Carole and Michael Middleton , visited earlier , with Carole Middleton telling reporters the royal baby is "  absolutely beautiful . " She said both mother and baby are doing "  really well " and that she and her husband were "  so thrilled " at being grandparents . Royal baby : What 's next ? Bells , gun salutes The 8-pound , 6-ounce boy was born Monday afternoon . He 's third in line , behind Charles and William , for the British throne now held by his great-grandmother , Queen Elizabeth II . Tuesday , London echoed with the sound of cannonades and music to mark the birth . Guardsmen at Buckingham Palace , the queen 's residence , played the Cliff Richard song "  Congratulations " at the Changing of the Guard . The military ceremony , much beloved by tourists , involves a new guard exchanging duty with the old guard in the palace forecourt . The King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park fired 41 shots in tribute to the boy , while the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London fired 62 rounds . Interactive : World reacts to royal baby news At the same time the bells of Westminster Abbey , where William and Catherine were married in April 2011 , began to peal , in keeping with royal tradition , and were set to continue for more than three hours . The news of the boy 's birth , announced about four hours after the event Monday , prompted cheers and celebration among the crowds of well-wishers outside Buckingham Palace . At least one group of well-wishers brought flowers , champagne and a card for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . Social media networks were also abuzz with the news , which made headlines around the world . ` We could not be happier ' The new parents spent some time with their baby before calling family members -- starting with the queen -- to announce the birth , a Kensington Palace source told CNN royal correspondent Max Foster . "  We could not be happier , " said Prince William , according to the Kensington Palace source . Prince William remained at Catherine 's side throughout the labor , and the baby was born naturally . An official bulletin was placed on a gilded easel outside Buckingham Palace . Confused about the royals ? Follow this handy family tree The celebrations for the arrival of the new prince -- whose title will be His Royal Highness Prince  the baby 's name  of Cambridge -- were hard to miss in the capital . The fountains at Trafalgar Square were dyed blue ; the BT Tower , a London landmark , flashed the words "  It 's a boy ; " and the London Eye was illuminated in patriotic red , white and blue . Farther afield , Canada -- where the British monarch is head of state -- turned its side of the Niagara Falls blue to mark the birth , and the CN Tower in Toronto was lit up the same color . Betting on a name It was a long wait for the media camped outside St. Mary 's Hospital , but when the news of the birth finally came , the excitement of the moment was huge . The Sun newspaper , Britain 's best-selling tabloid daily , changed its masthead Tuesday to "  The Son " to mark the occasion , above a picture of the official birth announcement , while the Daily Express and Telegraph emblazoned "  It 's a boy " across their front pages . Recognizing that excitement over the prince 's arrival is not universal , the Guardian newspaper 's website lets users switch to a royal baby-free version of the home page . The front page of UK satirical magazine Private Eye simply says : "  Woman has baby . " Queen Ella ? King Terry ? What 's in a royal name ? Many bets are being placed as the wait continues for the baby 's name to be announced . British bookmakers Ladbrokes have James as favorite , followed by Henry and George , Philip , Alexander and Richard . William 's name was announced a few days after birth ; his brother Harry 's on departure from hospital . Some British parents have delayed naming their newborns in recent days in hopes of either copying or avoiding the royal name , he said . Royal joy The official British Monarchy Twitter feed said : "  The Queen and Prince Philip are delighted at the news of the birth of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's baby . " Charles Spencer , brother of the late Diana , Princess of Wales , welcomed the birth of the baby . "  We 're all so pleased : it 's wonderful news , " he said in a statement . "  My father always told us how Diana was born on just such a blisteringly hot day , at Sandringham , in July 1961 . It 's another very happy summer 's day , half a century on . " Photos : House of Windsor babies British Prime Minister David Cameron said , "  It is an important moment in the life of our nation , but I suppose above all , it 's a wonderful moment for a warm and loving couple who got a brand new baby boy . " Tributes around the world The British monarch is also head of state in 15 Commonwealth countries , including Australia , Canada , New Zealand , Belize and Jamaica . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper offered his country 's congratulations on the birth of a future king . "  The arrival of the newest member of the Royal Family , a future Sovereign of Canada , is a highly anticipated moment for Canadians given the special and warm relationship that we share with our Royal Family , " he said in a statement . Opinion : How to raise a royal baby Barack and Michelle Obama also gave their best wishes . "  The child enters the world at a time of promise and opportunity for our two nations , " the U.S. president and first lady said in a statement . "  Given the special relationship between us , the American people are pleased to join with the people of the United Kingdom as they celebrate the birth of the young prince . " Russia 's President Vladimir Putin and Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also sent their congratulations . On Twitter , topics related to the royal baby jumped to the top of the trending list in the United Kingdom on Monday morning . Worldwide , hashtags such as #RoyalBabyBoy and #Will & Kate were trending later Monday . In a nod to modern times , Clarence House called for people to send news and images of any other new arrivals using the hashtag #WelcometotheWorld . Photos : Will and Kate 's royal love affair CNN 's Atika Shubert , Dana Ford , Sarah Aarthun , Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva , Susannah Palk and Alla Eshchenko , and journalist David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : William and Catherine take their newborn prince home "  like a normal couple " William has changed his first diaper , but the royal couple is "  still working on a name " Catherine 's parents are thrilled to meet baby , say he is "  absolutely beautiful " Ceremonial gun salutes and peals of bells for the new prince resound across London
Humans have reached the moon and are planning to return samples from Mars , but when it comes to exploring the land deep beneath our feet , we have only scratched the surface of our planet . This may be about to change with a $ 1 billion mission to drill 6 km  3.7 miles  beneath the seafloor to reach the Earth 's mantle -- a 3000 km-thick layer of slowly deforming rock between the crust and the core which makes up the majority of our planet -- and bring back the first ever fresh samples . It could help answer some of our biggest questions about the origins and evolution of Earth itself , with almost all of the sea floor and continents that make up the Earth ´ s surface originating from the mantle . Geologists involved in the project are already comparing it to the Apollo Moon missions in terms of the value of the samples it could yield . However , in order to reach those samples , the team of international scientists must first find a way to grind their way through ultra-hard rocks with 10 km-long  6.2 miles  drill pipes -- a technical challenge that one of the project co-leaders Damon Teagle , from the UK 's University of Southampton calls , "  the most challenging endeavor in the history of Earth science . " ' A ship flying in space : ' Earth seen through the eyes of an astronaut Their task will be all the more difficult for being conducted out in the middle of the ocean . It is here that the Earth ´ s crust is at its thinnest at around 6 km compared to as much as 60 km  37.3 miles  on land . They have already identified three possible locations -- all in the Pacific Ocean -- where the ocean floor was formed at relatively fast spreading mid-ocean ridges , says Teagle . The hole they will drill will be just 30 cm in width all the way from the ocean floor to inside the mantle -- a monumental engineering feat . "  It will be the equivalent of dangling a steel string the width of a human hair in the deep end of a swimming pool and inserting it into a thimble 1/10 mm wide on the bottom , and then drilling a few meters into the foundations , " says Teagle . To get to the mantle scientists will be relying on a purpose-built Japanese deep-sea drilling vessel called Chikyu , first launched in 2002 and capable of carrying 10 km of drilling pipes . It has already set a world-record for the deepest hole in scientific ocean drilling history , reaching 2.2 km into the seafloor . Read more : Super telescope to search for secrets of the universe What makes the task even more difficult is that , currently , the drill bits have a limited lifespan of between 50-60 hours before needing to be replaced , meaning drilling could take many years unless technology improves . The first attempts to reach the Earth 's mantle actually began back in the early 1960s . Dubbed "  Project Mohole " after the Croatian meteorologist Andrija Mohorovicic who first discovered the boundary between the Earth 's crust and mantle , a team of U.S. scientists managed to drill a few meters into the oceanic crust off Guadalupe Island in the eastern pacific . The achievement was recognized by a telegram from President John F. Kennedy but the project was closed down in 1966 . Since then , a Russian-project in the far north Kola Peninsula during the 1980s has taken over the record for the deepest borehole ever drilled , reaching 12 km into the earth 's crust . And In 2011 , the oil giant Exxon Mobil recorded an even longer borehole at just over 12 km in eastern Russia . However , it was n't drilled vertically downwards and only reached soft sedimentary rocks . While neither of these record-drilling projects got close to the Earth 's mantle , they did give the geologists leading the new project -- The Integrated Ocean Drilling Program  IODP  -- confidence that recent advances in drilling techniques have made their plans more feasible than ever before . What we 've done on Mars , and what 's next "  Many of the technologies required are conventional deep-drilling technologies that are presently being used in the oil and gas industry , " explain IODP geologists . However , given the challenges and the likely cost of $ 1 billion plus , much of which still needs to be raised , skeptics may question the necessity of the mission . For Teagle , reaching the Earth 's mantle would provide a "  legacy of fundamental scientific knowledge " and "  inspire " future generations . "  I was giving a lecture to a group of 15-year-old high-school students recently and they -LSB- and their teachers -RSB- were fascinated by the technology and the thought that we could re-enter a hole just a few centimeters across with a drill string dangled from a ship in the open ocean 4 km above . " As well as the technical achievement of bringing back samples , the samples themselves will clarify many of the assumptions we have about how our planet works . Despite making up 68 % of the Earth ´ s mass , Teagle says we only have a "  reasonable " idea of what the mantle is made of and how it works . " -LSB- The mantle -RSB- is the engine that drives how our planet works and why we have earthquakes and volcanoes and continents . We have the textbook cartoons but detailed knowledge is lacking , " he says . The Japanese government has already invested substantially in the project through the construction of Chikyu , with some scientists regarding the mission as the country 's "  moon project . " If Japanese support can be combined with other funding , Teagle says they could start drilling before the end of the decade , making it possible for humans to finally reach the Earth 's mantle by the early 2020s . Deepest cracks of Earth give clues to life in space	Scientists planning mission to drill down to Earth 's mantle and bring back first fresh samples Mantle could hold clues to origin and evolution of the planet Geologist calls it the most "  challenging endeavor in the history of Earth science " If project gets the go-ahead , the team hope to reach the mantle by early 2020s
We Americans are disgusted with our government . We ranked fixing "  corruption in Washington " number 2 on Gallup 's poll of top presidential priorities in 2012 . Yet Washington does n't seem to care . Neither President Barack Obama or Mitt Romney even mentioned "  corruption " as an issue that their administration would address . And it will take a lot more work by us to get them to pay attention . The first step , however , is to figure out how best to talk about the problem . People say the problem is "  money in politics . " That we need to "  get money out . " That "  money is not speech . " That "  corporations are not people . " These are slogans , and they 're quite effective at rallying at least some of us to the cause . But as slogans , they 're likely to turn off most to the right of America 's center . And in any case , they do n't quite capture what 's gone wrong with our political system today . They therefore do n't point us to a plausible solution to the problem of our political system today . So in my TED talk , I created Lesterland : Imagine a country like the United States , with just as many "  Lesters " as the United States  about 150,000 out of a population of more than 300 million , or about 0.05 %  . And imagine those Lesters have a very special power : Each election cycle has two elections . In one , the general election , all citizens get to vote . In the other , the "  Lester election , " only "  Lesters " get to vote . But here 's the catch : To be allowed to run in the general election , you must do extremely well in the Lester election . You do n't necessarily need to win , but you must do extremely well . TED.com : Why democracy matters We all get what Lesterland would be like . Sure , as the Supreme Court said in Citizens United , "  the People " of Lesterland would have the "  ultimate influence " over elected officials . Ultimate , because in the final election , the people get to vote . But "  the People " only get to vote for the candidates who have made "  the Lesters " happy . And no doubt , that fact will produce a subtle , understated , somewhat camouflaged bending to keep those Lesters happy . Once you see Lesterland , and the corruption it creates you understand USA-land , and the corruption we suffer . For the United States is Lesterland . Like Lesterland , the United States also has two elections . One a voting election , where citizens get to select the candidates who will ultimately govern . But the other is a money election , where the candidates who wish to run in the voting election raise the money they need to compete . As in Lesterland , the candidates do n't necessarily need to win the money election . But they must do extremely well . And here 's the stunning fact that links the United States to Lesterland : there are just as few "  relevant funders " in USA-land as there are Lesters in Lesterland . TED.com : A Plan B for the Internet Less than 0.05 % of us -- about 150,000 Americans -- give enough money to be even noticed by the candidates desperate to fund their campaigns . Even that number is likely an exaggeration . The better number is probably closer to 50,000 Americans  just about the number of "  Sheldons " in America   Really Now that fact alone -- that we fund campaigns from a tiny slice of us -- does n't necessarily create the corruption that is our Congress . What does that is how the money is raised from that tiny slice of us . For members of Congress and candidates for Congress spend anywhere between 30 % and 70 % of their time raising money from this tiny , tiny slice of us . Think of a rat in a Skinner box , learning which buttons to push to get pellets of food , and you have a pretty good sense of the life of a congressman : a constant attention to what must be done to raise money , and to raise money not from all of us , but from the tiniest slice of the 1 % of us . And so what issues might that tiny , tiny slice of the 1 % care about ? Unemployment ? Out-of-control health care costs ? Actually reforming Wall Street ? Obviously not . The issues that matter to this tiny fraction of the 1 % are not the issues that matter to America . This is the corruption of USA-land . And it will only ever change if we change the way we fund elections . TED.com : Lawrence Lessig on laws that choke creativity Members of Congress will always be dependent upon their funders . But if we adopted a system to fund campaigns like the one proposed by Rep. John Sarbanes , D-Maryland , The Grassroots Democracy Act , then "  the funders " would be "  the People . " If members raised the funds they needed from small contributions only , then many more of us would be the "  relevant funders . " And thus when members were responsive to their "  funders , " they would thus be responsive to that many more of us . That , after all , was the Framers ' original design . James Madison promised us a Congress "  dependent upon the people alone . " "  Alone . " We 've got instead a Congress dependent upon the people and dependent upon the Lesters . We need to find a way back to Madison 's original design , so that we can find a way to restore again a government that works . Leaving Lesterland is the critical first step . Congress could do that tomorrow .	Lawrence Lessig : America 's democracy is hobbled by the power of money in politics A tiny slice of Americans provide funds that largely determine who wins primaries , he says The funders of elections generally do n't share most American 's priorities , he says Lessig : Congress should vote to fund campaigns through small contributions
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexico 's Sinaloa state has named a new target in the government 's war on organized crime : bars , restaurants and night clubs that play songs glorifying drug trafficking . Those that do will have their licenses revoked , according to new rules published in the state 's official register . "  They can play other types of songs , but nothing that incites violence or justifies crimes , " Sinaloa Gov. Mario Lopez Valdez said as he announced the measure this week . The popular ballads , known as narcocorridos , tell of shootings , police chases and armored cars Federal lawmakers have suggested banning them , but the proposals have n't passed . Elijah Wald , author of the book , "  Narcocorrido : A Journey into the Music of Drugs , Guns , and Guerrillas , " has documented dozens of past attempts by politicians to stop the songs . "  The pattern seems to be , when anything happens in the real world , let 's crack down on the fantasy world , " he said . "  You know , it 's nutty , but it makes a certain amount of sense , because it 's something that the government can do , whereas the real violence is completely out of control . " A top Mexican official praised the Sinaloa governor 's move . "  Narco-corridos justify crime ... . Good for  Mario Lopez Valdez  , " national security spokesman Alejandro Poire said in a Twitter post . On Thursday , he said silencing the songs is a key part of Mexico 's "  cultural fight " against violence . "  The rhythm they dance to is that of the violence that harms many families in Mexico , " Poire wrote in a blog post on an official government website . "  It is not a matter of censorship because it is n't a moral matter ; it is a matter of legality and stopping the growth of the culture of indifference and violence , " he said . The owner of a night club in the state capital of Culiacan said he was annoyed by the government 's decision , which he said would take a toll on his business . "  We live in a state and a city where this music is played and the people like it , " said the night club owner , who declined to give his name due to security concerns . The government is unfairly targeting the songs rather than dealing with crime , he said . "  There are people that are doing bad things , and they are not going to stop doing them because we listen to cumbia or disco , " he said . CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report .	The popular songs tell of shootings , police chases and armored cars Sinaloa governor : Bars can not play songs that incite violence or justify crimes A government spokesman says Mexico must wage a "  cultural fight " against violence A bar owner criticizes the move , saying it will do nothing to stop crime
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Caste and religion are potential headings on matrimonial columns of Sunday newspapers . At times , matchmaking classifieds profile mystical birth-chart defects of the candidates . In India , marriages are solemnized as a well-guarded union . But the country has now moved to at least unshackle divorce . Officials Friday announced measures to stem delays in seeking an early end to failed alliances . India 's federal cabinet approved "  irretrievable breakdown of marriage " as a ground for couples to part ways , information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni told reporters . Under original Hindu marriage laws , both estranged partners have to appear at court proceedings for settlement of their lawsuit for divorce by consent . But it 's not uncommon for a petitioner to skip tribunal dates deliberately in order to keep the case dragging in India 's notoriously sluggish legal system , authorities acknowledge . "  This has been causing considerable hardship to the party in dire need of divorce , " Soni said . Officials believe the new legislation , now due for clearance by parliament , will eliminate harassment of either party in the case and abuse of the existing law on dissolving marriages . There was no official data on divorces immediately available , but matchmakers say four in 100 marriages fail in India . With the country transforming into a modern economic powerhouse , divorce is increasingly seen as an acceptable way out of unsatisfying relationships . "  Divorce does n't seem to be biased any more . It 's uniform among all castes , cities and income groups , " said Vivek Pahwa , the head of SecondShaadi.com , a marriage bureau for second-timers . Pahwa 's portal aims at India 's internet-using divorcees , widows and widowers . More than one-fourth of his clients , he says , are women , especially in jobs . "  It 's reflection of financial independence , " he said . He was referring to a growing number of Indian women joining the workforce who he says refuse to remain trapped in unwanted marriages . Indian laws allow limited one-sided separation . Cruelty and desertion can serve as a premise for seeking divorce without consent . Separately , the country has harsh laws to protect women , such as in cases of physical torture over dowries . But data shows a surge in crimes against women . Police across India registered 195,856 crimes against women in 2008 , up from 140,601 in 2003 , according to the National Crime Records Bureau .	India seeks to speed divorces Previous law required divorce by consent except for cruelty and desertion New law adds "  irretrievable breakdown "
Washington  CNN  -- Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-affiliated militant group in Somalia , has recruited more than 40 Muslim-Americans and 20 Canadians , U.S. Rep. Peter King said Wednesday as he opened a third congressional hearing on Muslim-American radicalization . Wednesday 's hearing of the Committee on Homeland Security will focus on al-Shabaab and the results of a committee investigation into the threat it poses to the United States , said King , a New York Republican , according to a transcript of his opening statement . "  The committee has been briefed by intelligence agencies and we have interviewed dozens of experts on al-Shabaab , " the transcript said . The committee has learned that more than 40 Muslim-Americans and 20 Canadians have joined al-Shabaab inside Somalia , a finding King called "  alarming . " The committee has learned at least 15 of the Americans and three Canadians "  are believed to have been killed fighting with al-Shabaab , according to King 's transcript . "  Three Muslim-Americans became suicide bombers , such as Shirwa Ahmed from Minneapolis -- the first confirmed American suicide bomber in our history , " the transcript said . Ahmed , 27 , killed himself and 29 others in the fall of 2008 . But , King also mentioned "  radicalized converts like al-Shabaab commander Omar Hammami , who was raised a Baptist in Alabama , and who has repeatedly threatened the U.S. homeland . " Hammami was one of 14 Americans indicted on terrorism charges last summer . Another "  would-be bomber from Minneapolis " was shot and killed by peacekeepers in Mogadishu before he could detonate his suicide explosives vest , according to King 's transcript . Three American al-Shabaab fighters were arrested after returning home , he said , and a fourth was apprehended in the Netherlands . Somalia , he noted , "  is now much easier to get to for jihad than Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan or Yemen . " "  As many as two dozen Muslim-Americans with al-Shabaab -- who in many cases were trained by top al Qaeda leaders -- remain unaccounted for , " King 's transcript said . Federal prosecutions for funding , recruiting and attempting to join the Somali militant group "  are the largest number and most significant upward trend in homegrown terror cases filed by the Justice Department over the past two years , " King 's transcript said . At least 38 cases in 10 states have been unsealed since 2009 . The Justice Department believes al-Shabaab is recruiting inside mosques in Somali-American communities in cities such as Minneapolis and San Diego , according to King . Somali-Americans travel frequently between east Africa and U.S. cities , he said . While most of the travel is legitimate , "  senior U.S. counterterror officials have told the committee they are very concerned about individuals they have not identified who have fallen in with al-Shabaab during trips to Somalia , who could return to the U.S. undetected . " "  With a large group of Muslim-Americans willing to die as ` martyrs ' and a strong operational partnership with al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and in Yemen , al-Shabaab now has more capability than ever to strike the U.S. homeland , " according to King . King 's first hearing on American Muslims , in March , sparked international controversy and garnered intense media scrutiny . A second hearing in June focused on the threat of Muslim-American radicalization in U.S. prisons .	Rep. Peter King : The Somali militant group is recruiting Americans and Canadians The first confirmed American suicide bomber in history was fighting for al-Shabaab , he says The hearing is the third on Muslim-American radicalization
Washington  CNN  -- From five continents to nearly three dozen states , the justices of the Supreme Court remain busy travelers , and relatively well off financially . Eight of the nine members of the high court released their annual financial disclosure forms Wednesday , showing book income for Justices Antonin Scalia and Stephen Breyer , and some unusual gifts to Justice Sonia Sotomayor . Sotomayor reported two gifts from friends : fine china worth $ 1,400 and a "  translucent composite print " from artist Robert Weingarten . "  During 2011 many people sent me gifts of books , art , jewelry and trinkets , " explained Sotomayor in her form . "  I have no reason to believe that any of those items exceeded the $ 335 limit " requiring separate , itemized reporting of their value . The justice , named to the bench in 2010 , also was the only one to list a liability -- minor credit card debt . All federal judges are required to list on annual financial disclosure forms any out-of-town travel for speeches and other appearances that was paid for by private groups . Judges are required to release only ranges of investment income , including stocks , not the exact value . Breyer and Scalia , as usual , ran neck-and-neck in the category of most-traveled justice , with Breyer gaining the edge with 21 out-of-town destinations on expense-paid business trips . He went to Canada , the United Kingdom and France in addition to states such as Florida , Arkansas , and Colorado . He was among at least six justices to travel to California . Scalia was among them , attending a seminar last year of the Federalist Society , a conservative legal group . The 76-year-old justice also jetted to seven countries , including Australia , Switzerland and Ireland . Sotomayor visited El Salvador , while Justices Clarence Thomas and Elena Kagan went to Argentina , along with the retired Sandra Day O'Connor , for an international legal conference . Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy conducted their separate annual summer teaching stints in Italy and Austria . Eight justices reported teaching income from universities , including lectures , which generally earned them about $ 15,000 for one or more days of extracurricular work . Most such stints occur during the court 's three-month recess , scheduled this year to begin late next week , when the last of the session 's rulings will be issued , including the much-anticipated health care decisions . Justice Samuel Alito did not submit his disclosure form on time , and asked for an extension into August . Thomas noted his wife , Virginia , had 2011 non-investment income as a columnist at the Daily Caller website , and at Liberty Consulting , a conservative advocacy group founded by her . The specific amount of income did not have to be listed . Twenty Democratic lawmakers last October formally asked the Justice Department to investigate the justice 's appearances before conservative groups and his failure over the years to publicly disclose about $ 700,000 of his wife 's income , as required under federal law . Thomas updated the income on an amended disclosure form , and said the lapse was inadvertent . Scalia reported $ 18,755 in book income , including for a new legal treatise out this month called "  Reading Law . " Breyer 's 2010 book , "  Making Democracy Work : A Judge 's View " earned him more than $ 45,000 in royalties last year .	Justices Breyer and Scalia ran neck-and-neck in the category of most-traveled justice Justices Scalia and Breyer reported income from book sales Justice Sotomayor reported a gift of fine china worth $ 1,400 Justice Alito did not submit his disclosure form on time , and asked for an extension
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's government has authorized Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to submit to Washington amendments to a draft security agreement with the United States , an Iraqi government spokesman said Tuesday . Students protest the status-of-forces agreement Tuesday at Baghdad 's Mustansiriya University . Ali al-Dabbagh said the Iraqi government approved several amendments that were "  necessary , essential and appropriate " to the draft status-of-forces agreement , which would set the terms for U.S. troops in Iraq after the United Nations mandate on their presence expires at the end of this year . "  The Iraqi government authorizes the prime minister to bring up these amendments to the U.S. side in order to reach a draft agreement that will preserve the fundamental principles and the sovereignty of Iraq and its high interests , " al-Dabbagh said . It is unclear when al-Maliki will submit the changes to the draft document . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently said that there was "  great reluctance " to make any more changes to the agreement . However , senior U.S. officials -- speaking under the condition of anonymity -- are not ruling out possibly renegotiating parts of the deal with Iraq if the country 's parliament does not approve it . The most vocal opponent of the draft security deal in Iraq has been the political party of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , which opposes any U.S. military presence in Iraq . U.S. military helicopters Tuesday flew over Baghdad 's Mustansiriya University , where hundreds of students took part in a demonstration organized by the Sadr movement against the status-of-forces deal . "  We are against this agreement between the Iraqi government and between the American government because it is against Iraqi sovereignty , " said law student Ahmed Fadhil Abbas , one of the demonstrators . Fellow demonstrator and law student Hisham Mohammed said the students plan to organize a sit-in and a strike across universities in Iraq to protest the agreement . The draft status-of-forces agreement , according to a copy obtained by CNN , calls for U.S. combat troops to be out of Iraqi cities and villages by July 30 , 2009 , and out of the country entirely by December 31 , 2011 . The agreement allows for an earlier withdrawal or an extension of the U.S. forces ' stay in Iraq , by agreement of both parties . It also allows the Iraqi government to ask "  the United States government to leave certain forces for training and for support purposes for the Iraqi forces . " Legal jurisdiction over U.S. forces in Iraq has been a sticking point in the negotiation , with the U.S. side preferring that its troops and contractors remain immune from Iraqi law . Baghdad had sought the power to arrest and try Americans accused of crimes not related to official military operations , plus jurisdiction over troops and contractors who commit major crimes in the course of their duties . Under the draft agreement , U.S. forces or contractors who commit "  major and premeditated murders " while off duty and outside U.S. facilities would fall under Iraqi jurisdiction , according to the copy obtained by CNN . All other crimes -- and murders committed inside U.S. facilities or by on-duty forces -- would fall under American jurisdiction , the agreement says .	Official calls changes "  necessary , essential and appropriate " to the draft agreement Status-of-forces pact would set terms for U.S. troops in Iraq after U.N. mandate ends U.S. has shown "  great reluctance " to change pact but has n't ruled out renegotiations Hundreds of students protest status-of-forces deal Tuesday at university in Baghdad
Jerusalem  CNN  President Barack Obama and U.S. officials were completely blindsided by the announcement that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will come to Washington to address a joint session of Congress this spring -- a move that 's rattled the White House and diplomatic officials . The announcement from House Speaker John Boehner 's office this week came after several high-level interactions between U.S. and Israeli officials , including a phone call between Obama and Netanyahu and a multi-hour meeting between Secretary of State John Kerry and Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer , a senior administration official told CNN . Netanyahu 's snub has once again soured relations between the two world leaders , but U.S. officials insist the tensions wo n't affect U.S. support for Israel . The Boehner announcement came just over a week after Obama spoke over the phone with Netanyahu and urged him not to lobby in favor of new Iran sanctions , "  asking for some space , " a senior administration official said . But the hawkish Israeli Prime Minister has a track record of supporting tougher sanctions against Iran and he 's expected to make that case when he addresses Congress in March . Obama and other world leaders negotiating with Iran over its nuclear program have firmly argued against a sanctions bill from Congress , which they say would unravel a delicate international coalition and tank negotiations . "  We asked the Israelis in private and public to sit tight and the President made clear if a deal was n't reached he would be the first in line advocating for more sanctions , " the official said . That 's what makes Netanyahu 's decision to address Congress a "  pretty big deal , " the official added . And just a day before Boehner 's announcement , Kerry met for several hours with Dermer , who reportedly coordinated the visit between Republican congressional leadership and Netanyahu . But , still , there was no word of a Netanyahu visit to Washington . "  Is this a smart way for them to manage the relationship ? " a source close to Kerry said . "  The bilateral relationship is unshakable , but playing politics with that relationship could blunt Secretary Kerry 's enthusiasm for being Israel 's primary defender . " While U.S. and Israeli officials insist publicly that the relationship has "  never been stronger " -- and by most measures it remains very strong -- Netanyahu 's address to Congress is just the latest in a string of diplomatic debacles that each time have sunk relations between the two leaders and their staff to new lows . Netanyahu 's continued expansion of Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem has angered U.S. officials , prompting one senior White House official to call Netanyhau a "  chickenshit " in an October article in The Atlantic that brought private tensions to light . Obama 's phone call with Netanyahu and Kerry 's meeting with Dermer just before the announcement give the snub a more personal veneer . Kerry had made more than 50 calls in the preceding month to world leaders on the hot topics of Israeli-Palestinian relations , such as Palestinian attempts to gain statehood through international organizations , the source said , adding that Kerry 's "  patience is not infinite . " The in-your-face move from Netanyahu 's camp comes at a time when Israel needs American support on the international stage , with Palestinians making a full-court press to obtain statehood unilaterally through international institutions . Another senior U.S. official said the Israeli breach of protocol and diplomatic courtesy takes a toll on U.S. officials working strenuously to support Israel on the international stage . "  They come to us with a lot of requests , but do n't have the courtesy of telling us ? That is what tipped it for us , " the official said . But again , the "  core aspects of the relationship and commitment remain intact , " the official said . The snub may not sway the U.S. 's broad commitment to Israel 's security and to supporting Israel in the international arena , but Netanyahu will feel the repercussions when he comes to Washington in March without a ticket to the White House . The White House announced that Obama wo n't meet with Netanyahu during his visit because of the proximity to Israeli elections . Netanyahu will address Congress just 12 days before the elections . He had asked to push back his visit by nearly a month . U.S. officials are n't the only ones taken aback . Former Israeli President Shimon Peres , while refusing to directly criticize Netanyahu , conceded "  there are rules and norms  about  how two countries have to behave . " "  In that case , I think the rules created differences , and all of us have to look -- including our prime minister -- to go back to the basic rules and respect , " Peres said in an interview in Davos , Switzerland , on Saturday . It would come as no surprise that Netanyahu 's opponents in the election are harsher . His former finance minister and current competitor in the March election , Yair Lapid , said Saturday that Netanyahu "  is destroying our strategic relations with the United States for an election speech . " Yet ahead of the elections , Netanyahu 's visit may be a boon for him and his party in Israel as he plays himself up as the best protector of Israel 's security , of which a relationship with the United States is a key factor . "  Is that the relationship they want to have ? " the senior administration official said . "  The last thing we want to do is hurt Israel , but if he is able to stiff the U.S. President like that and we still offer him a meeting -- that invites him and anyone else to do that over and over . " CNN 's Richard Quest contributed to this report .	Administration unhappy with Netanyahu 's plans to address Congress Israeli leader unhappy with U.S. stance on Iran 's nuclear program
LONDON , England  CNN  -- DJ and pop star Boy George has been denied a visa to enter the United States , his Web site said Tuesday . In 2007 , George spent five days cleaning the streets of New York to fulfill a community service sentence . U.S. immigration authorities denied the visa because George , 48 , faces trial in November in London on charges of false imprisonment relating to an April 2007 incident , according to a statement from Boy George 's management , posted on his site . "  George is astounded at the decision and is having his lawyers here in the States look at it in the hope that someone will change their mind , " the statement read . Boy George , whose real name is George O'Dowd , was charged in London last November with false imprisonment following a complaint from a 28-year-old man , police said . The incident happened in East London the previous April , police said . George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling as he awaits trial , his management said . His upcoming schedule includes a series of U.S. club dates in July and August . George is best known as the singer of '80s pop group Culture Club , with hits including "  Karma Chameleon " and "  Do You Really Want to Hurt Me ? " He quit the band in 1987 and embarked on a short solo career before reinventing himself as a club DJ and launching a fashion label , B-Rude . In August 2007 , George spent five days cleaning the streets of Manhattan to fulfill a community service sentence for falsely reporting a break-in at his New York home . George 's management said the denial of his U.S. visa had nothing to do with that case .	48-year-old Boy George on trial in London in November Performer faces charges of false imprisonment relating to 2007 incident George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling Due to play series of U.S. club dates in July and August
Paris  CNN  The terrorist attacks in France last week have revealed serious breaches and lapses in the French system of intelligence , surveillance and security , according to numerous counterterrorism experts , including former government officials . The rips in the so-called intelligence "  net " reveal gaps that led directly to the tragic events that have gripped Paris and the rest of France for days and also raise serious security concerns for the future here and abroad , more than a half dozen experts on security and terrorism told CNN . And it could n't come at a worse time . The brazen murders of 17 innocent people , in three separate attacks in as many days , has led to a fabled city shaken , shocked and in mourning . The new concerns raise the serious possibility that national security and surveillance of suspected terrorists in France will need to be increased or totally reviewed and revamped to provide better safety for the nation as a whole , some experts told CNN . And with one of the suspected terrorists still on the loose of as Sunday night and new reports of "  sleeper cells " being activated , the security concerns are only amplified . On Saturday , French police were told in a briefing that sleeper cells have been activated over the past 24 hours inside France , terror expert Samuel Laurent said he had been told by a police source . He said officers were told to erase all visible online presence on social media and keep their weapons on themselves at all times , he said . "  There is a huge security failure those people were all considered as extremely dangerous , " said Laurent , a French expert who has written several books on terror groups , their actions and jihadism . "  They were all supposed to be monitored . In the U.S. , they were on a no-fly list . So we can ask the question whether the U.S. is more able to monitor French jihadis on French territory than the French intelligence itself , " said Laurent . One of the most common complaints heard by experts : simple math showing aspiring terrorists in France having the upper hand . One former director of a French counterterrorism unit put it in these terms : "  There are far too many of them , and far too few of us , " he said , asking to speak anonymously because he did not have permission to speak to reporters . "  We can not possibly keep track of them all , and we are seriously outnumbered , " he said . Two other former French terrorist officials agreed . Jean-Charles Brisard , head of the French Center for Analysis of Terrorism , put it like this : "  To put someone under surveillance , you need two things . You need a good reason -- you need to believe someone is going to be radicalized , that someone is going to become violent . "  The second thing you need is resources . You need 25 agents ... to survey them physically , his phone , his laptops , iPads whatever . It is virtually impossible to put surveillance on 3,000 to 5,000 people in France who we know now are radicalized , " he said . Beyond concerns about the state of simple surveillance , experts point out other issues in the fight against terrorism . They 're worried about the proliferation of jihadi videos on social media , the growth of radical jihadi preaching and the relative ease with which citizens of France can get into Turkey and across the Syrian border . The week of terror began at the offices of Charlie Hebdo , where 12 journalists and others were murdered in close quarters , leaving a gruesome and violent crime scene behind the likes of which Paris has not seen in years . The attackers were two brothers who were well-known to authorities and who would seemingly call out for increased surveillance and scrutiny . Cherif and Said Kouachi were orphans and had criminal records . The younger brother , Cherif , was actually prosecuted and jailed for his ties to a jihadist recruitment ring in the northeast quadrant of Paris . The ring , known by name for a park where they met , the Buttes-Chaumont , was recruiting young disaffected Parisian Muslims to join in the Iraq War as jihadis against American forces . Three of the young recruits wound up in Falluja , where American forces died in numerous fierce battles . Cherif Kouachi was arrested in 2005 when he was about to leave for Iraq . He was sentenced to three years in prison in 2008 . But Cherif did n't serve any time after the conviction -- the judge ruled that his pretrial detention had been enough . Still , his radicalization was well-known to officials , spelled out in detailed court documents back in 2007 . The documents , obtained in conjunction with L'Express , show Cherif had a long history of jihadist aspirations , including going to Iraq to "  combat the Americans " for the "  injustices " they had "  inflicted on Iraqis . " In 2010 , Cherif was connected with a foiled plot to help a convicted terrorist escape from jail , though there was not enough evidence to send him back to jail . During his stint behind bars , Cherif met Djamel Beghal , a jihadi who was jailed for plotting to bomb the U.S. Embassy in Paris . Beghal , a known al Qaeda recruiter , was also connected to Amedy Coulibaly , who died the same day as the two brothers after he killed several hostages at a kosher grocery store in eastern Paris . At times before and after his stint in jail , Cherif Kouachi was under surveillance by French authorities . But several former top French government officials told CNN he had "  dropped off " priority lists this past summer and was less carefully monitored . Cherif 's older brother , Said , traveled to Yemen in 2011 , according to a U.S. official for three or more months and is believed to have trained with al Qaeda while he was there . Coulibaly was also known by French authorities . He , too , had a criminal past with jihadi links . Like Cherif , he was connected to the plot to free a convicted terrorist from jail . A Western intelligence source told CNN that Coulibaly was arrested in connection with the plot known as BELKACEM Project in May of 2010 . He was in possession of 240 rounds of ammo for a Kalishnikov . While he was awaiting trial for the foiled plot , Cherif visited Coulibaly , according to the Western intelligence source . Despite all these well-known links to terror concerns , and even the links between Coulibaly and Cherif , all three attackers seem to have largely dropped from French surveillance priorities up to the moment they were linked to the ongoing attacks . "  We know that the level of alert has been lowered in 2014 , " said Laurent . But he said the level of alert could and should have been raised . Speaking just about the Kouachi brothers and Coulibaly , Laurent said : "  Actually , they could not be considered as a lower-level threat . Those people were extremely dangerous , they were very motivated and the French have made a huge mistake by letting them off the radar or allowing them such a level of freedom in terms of operating , finance and preparing this attack , " he said . Brisard , head of the French Center for the Analysis of Terror , agreed . Coulibaly had made several phone calls to target police in France . Coulibaly is believed to have killed a French policewoman on Thursday . He was killed during the hostage attack on the kosher market on Friday . While not known previously , it is now believed the Kouachi brothers ' jihadism extended beyond Iraq , to Yemen and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . During their rampage , the Kouachi brothers had told witnesses they were "  avenging the Prophet . " On the day of their final shootout and deaths , French station BFM says it spoke with both Cherif Kouachi and Coulibaly . The men both gave details of their jihadist Yemeni ties . They said , independently , that they were financed and supported by Anwar al-Awlawki , the American-born cleric who became the a key jihadi leader in Yemen and was killed by Americans several years ago . The ties to Yemen and al Qaeda prompted many of the experts speaking to CNN to raise even more security concerns for the future . Said Kouachi is suspected of slipping off for terror training in Yemen in July 2011 during a trip he made with another French national to Oman in July 2011 , according to multiple French officials who spoke to L'Express national security reporter , Eric Pelletier . Pelletier shared the details of his reporting with CNN . U.S. intelligence agencies developed intelligence suggesting a high probability he slipped across to Yemen during the trip to Oman , and informed their French counterparts , according to Pelletier 's French sources . The French responded by placing Said Kouachi under surveillance in November 2011 by issuing a "  Fiche de Surveillance " notice , multiple French officials told Pelletier . The surveillance was conducted by both DGSI , France 's domestic security service and later by the judicial police . Wiretaps were authorized for his cell phones and that of his brother Cherif . But the surveillance of Said was terminated in June 2014 because French security services judged him no longer dangerous , Pelletier was told . The surveillance of his brother Cherif stopped earlier -- at the end of 2013 . Cherif 's phone calls suggested he had disengaged with violent extremism and was focusing on counterfeiting clothing and shoes . "  The fact that al Qeada 's affiliate in Yemen pulled off the most deadly terrorist attack in Europe in a decade speaks for itself , " said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen , an expert on al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden . "  Groups like al Qaeda in Yemen , as well as ISIS and other jihadist groups in the Middle East , are likely to continue to be a problem in Europe for the foreseeable future . " "  Hindsight is , of course , always 20/20 . In the case of a large-scale terrorist attack , there is often intelligence in the system that was overlooked before the event , " said Bergen . "  The CIA , for instance , knew that two men associated with al Qaeda were living in the United States who later turned out to be among the hijackers of the flight that crashed into the Pentagon on 9/11 ; the lead bomber in the London bombings of 2005 was known to British law enforcement , and the Fort Hood shooter , Major Nidal Hasan , had come to the attention of the FBI because of emails he exchanged before the attack with Anwar al-Awlaki , an al Qaeda leader based in Yemen . "  This time it 's the French that dropped the ball , but this is not a problem particular to France . "	Security will need to be increased or totally reviewed , expert and analysts tell CNN Author : Is the U.S. is more able than France to monitor French jihadis on French territory ? Another expert says sheer numbers favor the jihadis at the moment
CNN  -- Oh , oh , oh -- golf 's very own version of the "  Fab Four " are back with a bang . After racking up nearly six millions hits on YouTube with their debut music video , the Golf Boys have returned with "  2 . Oh " , a rap inspired by the stars of the PGA Tour which aims to raise money for charity in Africa . U.S. golfers Ben Crane , Bubba Watson , Rickie Fowler and Hunter Mahan first joined forces in 2011 for "  Oh , Oh , Oh " , and the quartet have once again taken to the mic -- this time to help provide clean water for the people of Ethiopia . By Tuesday , the video had amassed nearly 700,000 views on the video-sharing website after less than 24 hours online . "  We are in a truly unique era , " Crane told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I love that we can goof off on YouTube and help people across the world . I 'm all in for that . " Four-time tournament winner Crane is already an online star in his own right . The world No. 103 's YouTube channel is the second most popular of any active athlete , surpassing that of NBA superstar LeBron James , according to the PGA Tour report . "  On a personal level , social media has done a lot to change the perception of who I am , " explained Crane , whose spoof workout video has been viewed over one million times . "  I think I 've been able to show fans a different side of myself and other pro golfers . I 'm a golfer , first and foremost , but spending one day every few months to create a video that raises money for charity and might grow the game is too good of an opportunity to pass up . "  I think making these videos has helped make us more relatable  sic  to a demographic that might not otherwise be attracted to golf . As professional golfers , we 're sort of caretakers of the game . "  There is nothing wrong with being an older sport , but we want to do our best to grow it . The easiest way to do that is by engaging younger fans . " Masters champion Watson is pleased to be able to show the lighter side of the Tour , while also helping "  charity : water . " The organization 's aim is to provide clean water to impoverished communities . "  We obviously do n't have any profit motive here , " said Watson , who is ranked 11th in the world . "  We 're just having fun and sharing a bit of our personality with fans . I think it 's awesome that we will be able to provide clean water and awareness for our brothers and sisters in Ethiopia . "  If we can reach new fans and grow the game of golf in the process , that 's a huge bonus . " The lyrics to the song -- which includes references to a long list of golf stars including Tiger Woods , Adam Scott , Louis Oosthuizen and Stewart "  Stewey " Cink -- were penned by Crane 's friend Mat Kearney . "  Ben and I have been friends for a long time , " said Kearney . "  He mentioned they might do a new Golf Boys song , so I got off the phone and tried to come up with a hard-hitting hip hop track . "  I thought using golfers ' names as puns would be pretty dang funny . I sat there for hours cracking myself up . How often do you get to write a rap for someone who 's won the Masters ? "	The Golf Boys return with second single "  2 . Oh " Their first video "  Oh , Oh , Oh " has nearly six million views on YouTube Group consists of Bubba Watson , Hunter Mahan , Ben Crane and Rickie Fowler Proceeds from the video will be donated to the organization "  charity : water "
CNN  -- A gunman opened fire inside a busy shopping center near the Finnish capital of Helsinki Thursday , leaving four people dead , police said . Before the shooting spree at the shopping center , Ibrahim Shkupolli , 43 , had killed his ex-girlfriend , police said . He later turned the gun on himself at his home . Three men and one woman were killed at the Sello shopping center in Espoo , just west of Helsinki , police said . Some were employees of a grocery store at the mall , police said . A fifth victim , also an employee of the grocery store and apparently the suspect 's ex-girlfriend , was found later at an apartment in Espoo , police said . Police told a news conference hours after the shootings that they found a sixth victim , who they believed to be the shooter . Shkupolli had lived in Finland "  for some time , " police said , but would not divulge his nationality . iReport : Are you there ? Send your photos and videos Espoo is the headquarters for mobile phone giant Nokia and the hometown of Formula 1 racing driver Kimi Raikkonen . The Sello shopping center , one of Finland 's largest , was busy with shoppers when the shootings began at 10:08 a.m.  3:08 a.m. "  People saw a gunman , calm , walking out of the grocery store after shooting , " said Mika Pettersson , editor-in-chief of Finnish news agency STT . "  People first thought it was fireworks that had been exploding , but after they realized what had happened , there was a panic . " State-owned Finnish broadcaster YLE said the gunman used a 9mm handgun . Restaurant manager Naresh Gaonkar , who runs the Intialainen Ravintola Curry Palace across the street from the mall , told CNN there were police helicopters overhead and many police cars driving past with armed officers after the shootings . Trains going through Espoo were stopped , Gaonkar said . Pauli Poutanen , a reporter with CNN affiliate MTV3 , reported employees of the grocery store where the attack happened were evacuated so quickly that they did n't have time to put on their winter weather gear . They were waiting outside in T-shirts in temperatures as low as -10 degrees Celsius , or 14 degrees Fahrenheit , he said . Gaonkar said many of them were inside his restaurant to stay warm . Other lone gunmen have carried out two recent high-profile shootings in Finland . In September 2008 , student Matti Juhani Saari , 22 , killed 10 people before shooting himself in the head at Seinajoki University of Applied Sciences in Kauhajoki , Finland . Saari , who had been armed with a semi-automatic pistol and Molotov cocktails , posted YouTube videos of himself firing weapons before embarking on the massacre . Pekka-Eric Auvinen , 18 , killed seven fellow students and the principal at Jokela High School in Tuusula in November 2007 before shooting himself in the head . Auvinen posted a YouTube video titled "  Jokela High School Massacre " before the killing spree . In it he warned that he planned to "  eliminate all who I see unfit . " Brandishing a shotgun , the teenager was seen in the video wearing a T-shirt proclaiming "  Humanity is Overrated . " Finland enjoys a strong tradition of hunting and has a high proportion of gun ownership , with 2 million firearms owned in a nation of 5 million people .	Police report that sixth victim in shootings is gunman Ibrahim Shkupolli Shooting at Finnish shopping center left at least four people dead Three men and one woman reported to have been killed Shooting took place in town of Espoo near Finland 's capital city Helsinki
CNN  -- Veteran Jim Furyk produced the round of the day at the Tour Championship in Atlanta after carding a score of 64 at East Lake . The American birdied six of the first nine holes to record an outward 29 as he raced through the field . Furyk won the FedEX Cup $ 10 million prize two years ago and looked to have an incredible opportunity to record a 59 after hitting seven birdies in the first ten holes . He also claimed birdies at the 15th and 17th but bogeys at the 13th , 16th and 18th left him just two shots clear at the top of the leader board . England 's Justin Rose shot a 68 to move into second place on six-under-par . The joint overnight leader hit five birdies to remain in contention following his opening round of 66 . But World No. 1 Rory McIlroy remained in pole position to claim that $ 10 prize for overall winner of the playoffs after producing his 10th consecutive sub-70 score . McIlroy sank a 25-foot eagle putt on the 16th to ensure he finished with a round of 68 and leave him four shots off the lead at halfway . The Northern Irishman was joined on three-under-par by Americans Robert Garrigus and Zach Johnson after both players hit rounds of 69 . Woods and Rose share first round lead But Tiger Woods , who shot an opening round 66 to share the lead with Rose , struggled to produce a repeat performance . Woods , whose last win came at July 's AT & T National , could only manage a 73 to leave him on one-under-par , a setback to his challenge to McIlroy for the playoffs title . Masters champion Bubba Watson moved into contention on five-under-par alongside Bo Van Pelt , with Matt Kuchar and Dustin Johnson a shot further back . Last year 's money list winner Luke Donald of England shot a 69 to finish level par at the halfway stage , while his compatriot Lee Westwood was 28th out of 30 on five-over-par following a disappointing round of 73 . .	Jim Furyk leads the way after stunning start to second round Rory McIlroy in control of the race for the $ 10 million FedEx Cup bonus after a 68 Tiger Woods falls down the leaderboard as he shoots one-over 73 Justin Rose to play alongside Furyk in third round
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's last words were a plea for more propofol , "  because that was the only thing " that would put him to sleep , Dr. Conrad Murray said in an interview aired on NBC 's "  Today " show Thursday . Days after Murray declined to testify in his own defense at his involuntary manslaughter trial , he granted an interview with NBC , the same broadcast company that bought a documentary about Murray and Jackson . NBC has not revealed any financial terms of its deal to secure the exclusive interview with Jackson 's doctor , which it said was recorded in the "  waning days of the case , " despite a judge 's order to Murray that he not speak to reporters . Murray told NBC that he had no regrets about meeting Jackson two years before his death . "  I only wish that maybe in our dealings with each other he was more forthcoming and honest to tell me things about himself , " he said . Jackson , who hired Murray to be his personal physician as he prepared for his comeback tour , lied to him , Murray said . "  Well , certainly he was deceptive by not sharing with me his whole medical history , doctors he was seeing , treatment that he might have been receiving , " he said . He denied knowing that Jackson had an addiction problem , which his defense lawyers said contributed to the pop star 's death . "  Absolutely not , " he said . "  I did not have a clue . " The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol combined with two sedatives . A jury concluded that Murray was criminally responsible for the death , which prosecutors argued was caused by the doctor 's reckless use of propofol in his home to treat the singer 's insomnia . In hindsight , Murray said , he knows that he should have refused the job when he realized Jackson was demanding propofol infusions every night . "  But if I had walked away , I would have abandoned a friend , " he said . He repeated what he told detectives two days after Jackson 's death : He was trying to wean him off propofol in his final days . "  Three days towards his death , he was weaned off and I was extremely happy because I had finally achieved the state I wanted , " Murray said . "  The state was Michael away from propofol . " His last morning , he said , Jackson was "  a desperate man , desperate . " The NBC interview asked about the last thing Murray heard Jackson say . "  It was probably when he was pleading and begging me to please , please let him have some ` milk , ' because that was the only thing that would work , " he said . Jackson 's nickname for propofol was "  milk , " according to trial testimony . Murray explained a mystery that arose during his trial : the audio recording of Jackson using slurred speech that investigators found on the doctor 's iPhone . "  It was incidentally recorded , " Murray said . "  It was an accident . " He insisted he did not realize the recording existed until he heard it in the prosecutor 's opening presentation at the trial . Jackson was under the influence of propofol at the time , he said . More segments of the NBC interview will be broadcast Friday morning , including Murray 's explanation for why he delayed calling 911 and why he did not tell paramedics and emergency room doctors that he had given Jackson propofol the day he died , the network said .	"  He was deceptive by not sharing with me his whole medical history , " the doctor says Slurred speech recording was an accident , Murray tells NBC Murray talked to NBC in trial 's "  waning days "
CNN  -- Chelsea moved quickly to replace the sacked Roberto Di Matteo Wednesday as Rafael Benitez was appointed as interim manager until the end of the season . The English Premier League side made the announcement on their official website , just hours after the departure of Di Matteo , who had led them to European Champions League glory for the first time earlier this year . Former Valencia and Liverpool manager Benitez will be thrown in at the deep end , with Chelsea taking on EPL reigning champions and leaders Manchester City Sunday . "  The owner and the Board believe that in Benitez we have a manager with significant experience at the highest level of football , who can come in and immediately help deliver our objectives , " read the club statement . "  The 52-year-old Spaniard is due to meet the players at the training ground in Cobham tomorrow  Thursday  , " it added . Benitez , who will be the ninth manager under owner Roman Abramovich , has been out of work since being sacked by Inter Milan in December 2010 . He guided Valencia to two Spanish titles and the UEFA Cup and spent six years at Liverpool , highlighted by their Champions League triumph in 2005 and reaching the final in 2007 . Former Barcelona manager Pepe Guardiola has been linked with the Chelsea job , but is currently on a year-long sabbatical after leaving the Catalan giants at the end of last season . Di Matteo , who also won the FA Cup with Chelsea during his brief spell in charge , paid the price for a poor recent run of results , culminating in a 3-0 defeat to Juventus Tuesday which leaves their participation in the knockout stages of this season 's Champions League in considerable doubt .	Chelsea appoint Rafael Benitez as interim manager until end of the season Benitez replaces the sacked Roberto Di Matteo Benitez has enjoyed success at Valencia and Liverpool Di Matteo departed after 3-0 defeat to Juventus Tuesday
Seven Marines were killed in an explosion during a Marine Corps training exercise at Hawthorne Army Depot in western Nevada , the Marine Corps said Tuesday . Eight others were injured . The cause of the Monday night blast was a 60 mm round that detonated inside a mortar tube , Brig. Gen. James W. Lukeman , commanding general of the 2nd Marine Division , told reporters . The Marines said in a statement Tuesday evening that all 60 mm mortar rounds and tubes used to fire them are being pulled pending an investigation . One Marine and one sailor suffered very serious injuries , and four Marines are in serious condition , the service said in a news release . Another Marine was treated and released . One Marine suffered minor injuries , but it is unclear whether that individual was hospitalized . "  Let me say to the families of our Marines and sailors that our hearts go out to you , " said the general , whose division is based at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina . "  We appreciate your sacrifice , and we 'll do all that we can to continue to support you . " The Marines will release the names of the deceased 24 hours after their relatives have been notified . Lukeman would n't give any details about which Marine unit was involved but said it was involved into a mountain training exercise that involved live ammunition . Marines had been training at Hawthorne and the nearby Marine mountain warfare training center in Bridgeport , California , for about a month . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who represents Nevada , called it "  quite a big explosion " and said the area of the blast was cordoned off as details emerged . "  We do n't know exactly what happened , but it was a violent explosion , we know that , " he said . "  Our thoughts are with those who were injured and , of course , the families of those who lost loved ones . " Hawthorne Army Depot , about 140 miles southeast of Reno , is used for storing ammunition and weapon stocks awaiting demilitarization . The facility also provides high desert training facilities for military units . KOLO : Seven Marines dead in Hawthorne explosion President Barack Obama was immediately made aware of the incident , and the White House was monitoring the situation , spokesman Jay Carney said . "  We are obviously in the early stages of assessing the incident , " he said . "  It is a tragedy , clearly . "	Marines say two people suffered very serious wounds Marines temporarily discontinue use of type of mortar round that caused explosion Unit was undergoing a live fire exercise at a mountain warfare training center The Hawthorne Army Depot is about 140 miles southeast of Reno , Nevada
CNN  -- Could another deep water - or even shallow water - oil drilling disaster be looming ahead ? Experts warn it certainly could happen again . The Deepwater Horizon catastrophe , they say , highlights flaws in the drilling industry 's main defense against oil and gas explosions -- the blowout preventer , which is supposed to shut down an oil and gas well if something goes wrong . Oil companies have treated such devices as virtually fail-safe . "  They 're certainly not fail-safe because they did n't close this well , " said Paul Bommer , a petroleum engineering professor at the University of Texas at Austin . "  If they had been 100 percent fail-safe they would have sealed , they would have closed. , " There have been numerous rig blowouts , including a large gusher in the Timor Sea off the coast of Western Australia last year . And a growing number of blowouts in the past decade have caused offshore oil drilling to become sloppier . Seventy-two spills dumped 18,000 barrels of oil into U.S. federal waters from 2000-2009 , while only 15 spills put 2,000 barrels into the water during the prior decade , according to data compiled by the Minerals Management Service  MMS  of the Interior Department , which regulates energy exploration  The database excludes spills of less than 50 barrels  . Avoiding such spills depends upon the reliability of the blowout preventer , which is essentially a faucet on top of the oil well that keeps oil and gas from gushing to the surface . Rig workers use the preventer to keep a well under control , especially when oil and gas surge , or "  kick up , " from a well . When its valves do n't do the job , the blowout preventer can choke off the drilling pipe -- like squeezing a straw while drinking . And , If that fails to work , a blowout preventer has yet another line of defense -- huge shear rams , like giant scissors that are supposed to be able to cut and seal the drilling pipe . But , a mile underwater , where the pressure is intense , drill pipes need to be thick , especially the joints between them . And those joints are very hard to cut . "  There are some parts of the pipe that the shears were never meant to cut , " said Ford Brett , an expert in petroleum project management who is advising the Interior Department 's oil drilling safety review . "  No one 's equipment will shear the drill collar body . That 's a lot of metal . It 's not going to be possible to shear certain things , " added Benton Baugh , another advisor to Interior 's review of the Deepwater incident and president of Radoil , which designs and manufactures oilfield and subsea drilling equipment . A 2002 study for the Minerals Management Service warned of such trouble in shearing drilling pipe deep underwater . Initial research painted "  a grim picture of the probability of success when utilizing this final tool in securing a well , " wrote consultant West Engineering Services . West Engineering would not comment to CNN on its studies for the government . "  The blowout preventers had a probability of failing to crush that pipe that approaches 50 percent , " said Robert Bea , engineering professor and expert in ocean engineering at the University of California at Berkeley , who is familiar with the study . "  It would be like getting on an airplane having a 50 percent chance of making it to your destination . " Based on 55 years of engineering experience , including a stint as chief offshore engineer for Shell , Bea warned government investigators that blowout preventers are not reliable in the deep sea , and he worries they could fail in the Arctic , where the industry is pursuing energy resources . "  You can keep on pushing equipment to the point of where it breaks , and I think we broke it , " he said . "  All of the drilling operations underway of this nature in the world today depend on these devices as the final line of defense . " In the harshest of environments , a mile underwater or in the Arctic tundra , blowout preventers operate under great stress , increasing their potential vulnerability to wear and tear . "  It is a mechanical piece of equipment . It is utilized in harsh environments . Yes , it can wear out , " said Steve Sears , chairman of the Department of Petroleum Engineering at Louisiana State University . In fact , BP told congressional investigators there were several leaks in the hydraulic system that was supposed to power the shear rams of the Deepwater Horizon 's blowout preventer . "  It was a coupling that had not been tightened down adequately . It was several turns loose , " said a person with knowledge of the investigation . BP officials also discovered a dead battery . The final safety switch for a blowout preventer that has lost communication with its oil rig is the "  deadman " system that 's supposed to trigger the blowout preventer to shut the well . It did not activate during BP 's April 20 rig explosion . Another study West Engineering Services prepared for the Minerals Management System in 2003 found flaws with the deadman system . "  The most serious drawback to this system ... is the mind set of the rig personnel . Many operator and contractor personnel refuse to arm the system from fear that it will either not operate when needed or activate inappropriately , causing downtime , " the report said . Such downtime can be extremely costly . If the blowout preventer cuts through drilling pipe it can easily cost $ 10 million to replace that section of pipe and put the rig back into production , said Baugh . Given the multiple problems with blowout preventers , energy experts concede the oil industry must quickly raise its safety bar . "  We must improve the safety systems of blowout preventers . Obviously it 's time to take it to the next level , " said Baugh . "  There are more strenuous conditions occurring and we must have more strenuous solutions for them . " The Interior Department , facing the reality of energy drilling dangers , is working to toughen rules for offshore oil exploration . "  We must ensure that offshore drilling is conducted safely and in compliance with the law , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Drilling operations not subject to the administration 's six-month deepwater drilling moratorium have until the end of the month to : -- Provide independent third party verification of the safety and effectiveness of blowout preventers , -- Install a secondary control system for subsea blowout preventers  current regulations do not require such a backup  , and -- Adhere to new inspection and reporting requirements for blowout preventers . By September the Interior Department intends to require blowout preventers to have two sets of shear rams spaced at least four feet apart in case a drill pipe joint is in front of a shear during an emergency . The Interior Department says such steps will "  increase the safety in offshore oil and gas development , " but concedes they "  represent only the beginning of the department 's work . "	Rig blowouts have been on the increase in recent decades Blowout preventers have multiple safety functions : All failed on Deepwater Horizon Expert : Equipment not designed to work in extreme conditions Study found many personnel would not arm final failsafe to avoid possible downtime
CNN  -- American golfer Dustin Johnson has announced he is to take a break from the sport and will seek "  professional help " to improve his mental health . The world No. 16 pulled out of the WBC-Bridgestone Invitational due to personal reasons earlier this week and will now not contest next week 's U.S. PGA Championship at Valhalla or the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles , Scotland , in September . A statement from Johnson 's management company read : "  I am taking a leave of absence from professional golf , effective immediately . I will use this time to seek professional help for personal challenges I have faced . "  By committing the time and resources necessary to improve my mental health , physical well-being and emotional foundation , I am confident that I will be better equipped to fulfill my potential and become a consistent champion . " The 30-year-old has won eight titles on the PGA Tour and is highly regarded by fans and fellow professionals for his big hitting game . He is currently ranked fifth in the standings of U.S. golfers , meaning he would almost certainly have been an automatic pick for the Ryder Cup . Johnson was also the only player in the American team to remain undefeated when Europe retained the trophy after a dramatic final day comeback at Medinah in 2012 . Reacting to the announcement Friday , U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson told the PGA website : "  We will certainly miss Dustin Johnson at Gleneagles , and we wish him the best . "  As one of the longest hitters in the game with an undefeated record of 3-0 at Medinah in 2012 , he has clearly been an asset for the United States team . That said , the United States is a team with an abundance of talent . " Tiger Woods added to his captain 's words . "  I 'll tell you what , with his power , you always want guys with that kind of power to play on any team . I 've been his partner in the Presidents Cup in Australia , and the fire power that he has , it 's pretty cool to be around , " said the 14-time major winner . "  It 's not too often you see a guy carry the ball 320  yards  without even trying , and then when he steps on it he can hit it even further . When he gets it going , it 's awfully impressive . " Former U.S. Open champion and European Ryder Cup opponent Justin Rose also passed on his regards to his friend and colleague . "  I just wish him well , whatever he 's facing right now , " Rose said in quotes carried by UK news agency , the Press Association . "  It  ca n't be easy for him . I wish him all the best . He 's a friend of mine  but I  did n't really know that that was on the cards . " Johnson recently finished 12th in the British Open after heading out in the final pairing with eventual winner Rory McIlroy . He rounded off his statement by requesting privacy in the months ahead as he begins his time off . "  I respectfully ask my fans , well-wishers and the media for privacy as I embark upon this mission of self-improvement , " he said .	Dustin Johnson announces he will take break from golf Johnson will miss the U.S. PGA and Ryder Cup tournaments World No. 16 says he needs he will seek "  professional help " to improve "  mental health "
Elbow Beach , Bermuda  CNN  -- Winds and rain associated with Hurricane Igor lashed Bermuda on Sunday ahead of the storm 's arrival , forecasters said , as the island braced for a potential direct hit . The official weather-observing site on Bermuda reported sustained winds of 54 mph  87 kph  with a gust to 67 mph  107 kph  , the National Hurricane Center said . A gust of 89 mph  143 kph  was earlier reported at an elevated observation site . As of 8 p.m. ET Sunday , Igor 's center was about 60 miles  95 kilometers  west-southwest of Bermuda and moving north at about 14 mph  22 kph  . The storm was a Category 1 hurricane , with maximum sustained winds of 75 mph  120 kph  , and forecasters said its intensity was not expected to diminish before it approached Bermuda . Igor was also very large , forecasters said -- hurricane-force winds extended outward up to 90 miles  150 kilometers  from the center and tropical storm-force winds outward up to 345 miles  555 kilometers  . As of Sunday afternoon , CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf in Bermuda said the island was being battered by wind gusts and experiencing heavy surf . The airport was closed , and the capital of Hamilton was "  a ghost town . " It was estimated that half of the island 's 67,000 people had lost power , he said . Some roads were closed . The island will bear the brunt of Igor , particularly its most destructive northeast quadrant , regardless of whether the storm makes landfall , he said . It is hoped that not much structural damage would result , as Bermuda does "  an incredible job in terms of hurricane-proofing their structures , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . CNN iReporter Alyson Ritchie in Bermuda showed video of rough surf churning at Warwick Long Bay , Bermuda , ahead of the storm 's arrival . Ritchie said she lives up the street from the bay , but her home 's windows were taped and she has "  plenty of supplies " on hand . Another iReporter , Claire Hattie , shot video of palm trees swaying in the wind from her balcony in Pembroke , Bermuda , Sunday morning . Hattie said she lives in a sheltered area , not near the water , so the effects might be worse closer to shore . The weather is "  steadily deteriorating , " she said , but she is prepared . "  Most people have stayed indoors since last night , " she said , adding that "  driving conditions are very dangerous . " "  There is also some flying debris already so it 's too dangerous to walk either , " she said . "  All of our storm shutters are secured , the cupboards are stocked with tinned and boxed food , and the baths and jugs have been filled with water . There is really nothing more we can do at this point to prepare . We just have to wait it out and hope for the best . " The center of Igor is projected to pass over or near Bermuda Sunday night . Hurricane conditions are expected to continue throughout the evening , the hurricane center said . A hurricane warning was in effect . "  A direct hit would be the worst-case scenario , because the island would have to endure the extremely strong winds in the eye wall , as well as a dangerously high storm surge , " CNN meteorologist Angela Fritz said . In order for a hurricane to make landfall , the center of its eye must come ashore , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . If the center does not come ashore , but the eye wall moves over the island , it would be considered a direct hit . "  Bermuda could experience the strongest winds without Igor ever making landfall , " he said . "  It is also possible that Bermuda may not experience landfall or a direct hit . " The hurricane center did not offer an estimate for how high the storm surge is forecast to be , but said it will produce "  significant coastal flooding " and will be accompanied by "  large and destructive waves , " particularly on the southern coast . Igor is forecast to dump 6 to 9 inches of rain on the island . Meanwhile , large swells are expected to affect the East Coast of the United States through Monday . Swells will subside over the next couple of days in locations including the Leeward Islands , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Hispaniola and portions of the Bahamas , forecasters said , but may cause dangerous surf and rip currents . Tracking maps show Igor remaining off the coast of the United States , possibly brushing the tip of Newfoundland , Canada , next week . Farther east in the Atlantic Ocean , Tropical Storm Julia continued spinning with considerably less threat to land than Hurricane Igor . As of 5 p.m. Sunday , a weakened Julia was located about 1,280 miles  2,055 kilometers  west of the Azores Islands . It was headed northeast at about 14 mph  22 kph  . Its winds had decreased to 45 mph  75 mph  . Additional weakening was expected , and Julia was forecast to dissipate by Tuesday , forecasters said .	It 's estimated half of Bermuda 's residents have lost power Hurricane-force wind gusts reported on Bermuda Category-1 Igor may make a direct hit on the island A hurricane warning is in effect
CNN  -- Trading two children for a bird landed three people in jail in Louisiana , authorities say . The biological mother , who was not involved in the alleged trade , is to be interviewed by authorities Friday . Investigators seek further details about a case that they say unfolded this way : Paul and Brandy Romero advertised that they were selling their pet cockatoo for $ 1,500 . A woman named Donna Greenwell responded and said she wanted to buy the bird . Greenwell then told the Romeros that she was taking care of three children whose biological parents were going through a separation . Greenwell proposed selling two of the couple 's children to the Romeros for $ 2,000 , saying that her job as a truck driver made it hard to take care of the children , said Capt. Keith Dupre of the Evangeline Parrish Sheriff 's Office in Louisiana . The parties allegedly negotiated a trade involving the two kids , the bird and $ 175 . An anonymous tipster contacted authorities after the children began living with the Romeros . As a result , Greenwell and the Romeros were arrested February 21 and charged with aggravated kidnapping , Dupre said . The children were well taken care of when they were with the Romeros , who badly wanted children , according to Dupre . Greenwell said she needed the cash for a lawyer to handle adoption paperwork , authorities said . She had placed the third child with another Louisiana couple , Dupre said , but he did n't know whether bartering was involved . The two children were ages 4 and 5 , according to CNN affiliate WGNO . Police did not identify the biological parents , and no other information was available . The children have been placed in foster care . -- Sean Nottingham contributed to this report .	Paul and Brandy Romero advertised the sale of their pet cockatoo for $ 1,500 Donna Greenwell offered two children , who were not her own , for payment Greenwell and the Romeros were arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping
CNN  -- While the trials and tribulations of Lindsey Vonn have dominated skiing headlines this season , one of her rivals has been quietly carving out her own place in the history books . Tina Maze is already far ahead in the race to usurp Vonn as overall World Cup champion , and on Sunday she joined the American as one of only six female skiers to win a race in each of the alpine sport 's five disciplines . The Slovenian won the first Super G event held in the Austrian resort of St. Anton in 14 years to move 550 points clear of closest rival Maria Hoefl-Riesch . "  I 'm not really concerned about making history when I get prepared for a race , but it is always a nice thing to hear once it 's done , " the 29-year-old told the FIS World Cup website after her sixth win this season . "  I 've worked hard to win my first Super G , I got very close to winning last season . I could not have made it if there was n't such a good team of people around me . The summer preparation was conducted in the best way possible and it 's been paying off so far . " It was Maze 's 17th World Cup win overall , still a long way off Vonn 's leading 57 . "  It 's amazing to see Tina do so well . She 's been on a roll -- top three in every event . She 's clearly running away with the overall . It 's cool to watch . I think it 's great for the sport and I 'm really happy for her , " Vonn said . The four-time World Cup champion won the first two Super G races this season , but then took a month off due to stomach problems . Vonn returned to action in Saturday 's downhill at St. Anton , finishing equal sixth -- and improved by two places to retain a 20-point lead over Maze in the Super G standings . "  I think that it was a good weekend to reconstruct my season , " said Vonn , whose divorce from husband Thomas Vonn after a year of separation came through last week . "  I rediscovered my confidence . I am really eager to get to Cortina . I think that next weekend will see me in better form . " Maze headed off Austria 's Anna Fenninger , while Switzerland 's Fabienne Suter was third in her best result since returning from a serious knee injury . Meanwhile , Marcel Hirscher extended his overall lead in the men 's World Cup with victory in the slalom at Adelboden to repeat his 2012 victory at the Swiss resort . The Austrian was beaten by Ted Ligety on Saturday when the American took advantage of his rival 's mistake to win the giant slalom , but this time Hirscher recovered from eighth place in the opening run to beat compatriot Mario Matt and third-placed Italian Manfred Moelgg . Hirscher is now 126 points ahead of second-placed Norwegian Aksel Lund Svindal , with Ligety 179 adrift in third .	Tina Maze becomes sixth woman skier to win a race in all five World Cup disciplines Slovenian joins a group headed by Lindsey Vonn after winning Super G in St. Anton The 29-year-old moves 550 points clear in the overall World Cup standings Marcel Hirscher extends his overall lead in the men 's World Cup with slalom victory
President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up their Sunnyland summit Saturday with a late-morning stroll in the California desert . Obama declared the visit "  terrific . " Over two days , the two leaders met for a total of eight hours at the Annenberg Retreat at Sunnylands , just outside Palm Springs in California . The summit , held just four months after Xi took office , was meant to launch a close new relationship with a new Chinese leader . The backdrop was unusual . Opinion : Obama , talk about political reform with Xi Sunnyland is a private estate of the Annenburg family . It is better known for hosting Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack , and Ronald Reagan spent New Year 's Eve 18 times there . Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues . Among them : North Korea - The leaders agreed to keep up pressure on the country to rein in its nuclear ambitions . Cyber attacks - According to the White House , the Chinese acknowledged the problem , agreed to investigate and work out "  rules of the road . " "  I believe we can work together on this rather than at cross-purposes , " Obama said . Climate change - For the first time , China agreed to work with the United States to limit the production of greenhouse gases . Obama gave the Chinese leader a parting gift : a bench made of California wood . During the summit , President Xi publicly invited Obama to visit China . White House officials say the president agreed . Now , they are looking to hold a similar informal summit outside Beijing in the not-too-distant future . Opinion : What Obama should tell Xi about North Korea	President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrap their Sunnyland summit Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues Discussed North Korea , cyber attacks and climate change issues Obama agreed to hold a similar informal summit next in China
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti said he was confident the UK would stay in the European Union , despite Prime Minister David Cameron 's promise to hold a referendum on the topic . "  I am confident if there is to be a referendum , the UK citizens will decide to stay in the EU and continue to shape its future , " Monti said during his special address at the World Economic Forum in Davos Wednesday . Read more : UK warned against ` cherry-picking ' EU policy "  The EU does not need unwilling Europeans -- we desperately need willing Europeans , " he said , noting a referendum would crystallize the issue . Monti said he was pushing to speed up the completion of the single market , which had lost pace after a successful launch 20 years ago . "  On this I agree with Prime Minister Cameron ... that prosperity and growth be priority number one for Europe , " he said . Monti also used his speech to criticize the country 's financial record under predecessor Silvio Berlusconi . "  Italy in the past did not use the opportunities of the past to do reforms , " Monti said . Should Britain stay in the EU ? What would the impact be if it left ? Send us your thoughts . The country wasted its surplus and "  lived under the illusion we could offer change without reforms , " he added . "  This is what one can call promising reforms , and ending up with taxes and debt and a sovereign debt crisis . " The government chose "  the policy of status quo and procrastination , " he said , and "  the costs of inaction were dumped were dumped on our children and grandchildren until the moment of truth . " Monti 's comments come as the union 's relationships suffer the strain of nearly three years of crisis with the euro , the common currency to which 17 of the 27 EU nations belong . Monti blamed "  short-termism " for Italy 's financial problems , which pushed the country 's cost of borrowing above the crucial 7 % level a year ago and put it in the center of the crisis . Medvedev : Russia is open for business Monti is a technocrat leader appointed by President Giorgio Napolitano after the soaring borrowing costs -- and Berlusconi 's colorful private life and tax scandals -- toppled the long-term leader . Berlusconi pulled his support for Monti 's government late last year , triggering elections due in February . Monti implemented tough austerity measures and said his actions had pulled the country through the crisis , although more needed to be done . "  Today , the atmosphere around Italy has changed ... I can feel Italy has gained back respect and confidence and respect for its ability to bounce back , " he said . New year , same old problems ? "  I think this change is a reward for the action taken by my government with the support of the parliament , most of all it must be a reward for all Italian citizens . " Monti said the "  resilience and maturity " of the Italian people had helped the country emerge from crisis . "  More , much more needs to be done for sure , but the progress is not negligible . "	Italian PM Mario Monti has said he is confident the UK will remain in the EU British PM David Cameron has promised to hold a referendum on the issue Monti also told Davos delegates the EU "  does not need unwilling Europeans "
NEW YORK  -- Lionel Richie turns 60 this month and he ca n't believe it either . Singer Lionel Richie says his latest album is some of his best work . In fact , the singer -- who in the '80s found international fame with hits like "  Hello " and "  All Night Long " -- is upbeat . Life for him these days could n't be sweeter , he said . Richie recently released the album "  Just Go " on which he worked with several acclaimed producers and writers , including Stargate , Tricky Stewart & The Dream and Akon . The multi-Grammy winner and former lead singer of The Commodores said he thinks the album could be his best since 1986 's hit , "  Dancing on the Ceiling . " "  That 's a very heavy statement , " he said . "  I love when I get nervous . When I really get nervous -- and I 'm nervous about this record -- it means that it 's beyond what I thought it was going to be . " Having just completed a European tour , Richie said a North American jaunt is on the drawing board in the next year . "  We are going to tour ... in fine fashion , " he said . "  We 're going to give them everything they ever wanted . " Richie spoke to CNN about avoiding rap , keeping up with the club scene and what gives him chills . CNN : You 've always been very diligent about updating your sound . So how do you describe Lionel Richie 's sound in 2009 ? Lionel Richie : It 's all in production . You have to first of all feel it . I have to feel it . If I do n't feel it , then forget the song . I 'm a storyteller , not so much a singer , but a storyteller . So when it comes down to production , we just updated the production . But Akon and Ne-Yo and all these guys ... what do we all have in common ? Melody . As long as they do n't rap and ask me to rap we have show business . CNN : Have you ever rapped before ? Richie : I rapped a couple of times . And it was clear to me , it was told to me from some of the greatest rappers in the world , "  Do n't even think about it . " Flavor Flav ... years ago I went to him and I said "  You know I 'm thinking about doing some rap on my album . What do you think ? " And he said "  Are you out of your mind ? " He said , "  The only reason I 'm rapping is because I ca n't sing . " And that 's the clear channel of where I need to be going . CNN : Right . Just do what you 're good at . Richie : Do what I do and do n't get away from it . CNN : How much time do you spend doing research in nightclubs ? Richie : Now try to explain that to your girlfriend or to your wife ! Where are you tonight ? I 'm doing research ! As much time as I can . You have to be in it to see what people are moving to and what turns them on . It 's all in beats and rhythms and in lyric content . You can send somebody down to do some study for you . But the bottom line is there 's nothing like going in yourself in the middle of a club in London , or in the middle of a club in Australia or a club in the middle of Germany somewhere . Just sit over in the corner and watch what people dance to . By the time I leave France , England , Germany , Italy , America , I can go home and write the most incredible album in the world because I know what the world beat is . I know where everything 's going . CNN : You turn 60 very soon . Richie : I can not believe the number , but yes I do . Watch Richie say "  hello " to getting older " CNN : How do you feel about that ? Richie : You know , I do n't feel anything except better than anything before . My life is better now than it has ever been ever . So maybe all night long may not be all night long , but it 's pretty darn good . CNN : How long are you going to keep churning out records ? Richie : I like doing this . I do n't like fishing , so this was my hobby when I started . This is how I got into the business when I started because it was a place to go to get away from everything . So I still love doing it . CNN : Looking at all your past hits , what song gives you the most chills to perform ? Richie : Wow . That 's so tough . -LSB- It 's -RSB- between "  Hello " and "  Still . " What happens is I look at people in the audience and I kind of know where they are . I know that there 's so much depth in their thoughts . Those songs touch the core of whatever it is their lives were about . If there was ever a song about love , or in "  Still , " something you lost , you could see it in their faces that they 're trying to remember every detail of the experience or the person they were with .	Lionel Richie , who shot to mega-stardom in the 1980s , has a new album The Grammy award-winning singer is turning 60 years old He worked with several heavy hitters in the industry on the new project He says music started out as a hobby for him and he continues to enjoy it
CNN  -- The outrage is clear , but the impact on Rolling Stone 's bottom line is not . As some retailers refuse to sell the latest issue , featuring a controversial photo of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on the cover , it seems inevitable that some people who might have picked up a copy now wo n't . But any immediate loss could be minuscule for Rolling Stone overall . And recent history suggests that the frenzy could ultimately help move copies . "  It is absolutely impossible to predict what newsstands sales are going to be , " Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana told NPR after the anger erupted . " ... It 's something you have to be mindful of , but at the same time , put out of your mind on a case-by-case basis . ... We really go with our gut on these things , usually . " While the focus has largely been on newsstand sales , they account for only a tiny portion of the magazine 's overall circulation . Rolling Stone 's circulation is 95 % subscription , accounting for about 1.4 million copies . The remaining 5 % , about 75,000 copies , comes from individual sales . Rolling Stone did not immediately respond Tuesday to a CNN request for information on how the latest issue is selling . Support swells for trooper who released photos in response to Rolling Stone The controversy bump While social media is full of messages calling for a boycott -- as well as posts defending and supporting the cover -- uproars can sometimes increase sales . Ad Age puts it this way : "  Outrage aside , controversial magazine covers often pay . " Share your view It points to recent covers of Bloomberg Businessweek . One had "  phallic cover art " about hedge funds ; another , about airline mergers , was "  illustrated by an image of two planes seemingly having sex . " Opinion : Rolling Stone is right , the backlash is wrong The "  more buzzy covers " have lifted sales by up to 70 % above yearly average , an official with Bloomberg Businessweek told Ad Age . A Time issue last year with a cover showing a woman breastfeeding her 5-year-old son led to complaints , and some retailers refused to sell it . The issue went on to sell slightly above average , according to Ad Age . Rolling Stone sales : a mixed picture Some critics call the Rolling Stone cover a desperate effort to boost sales . Rolling Stone 's circulation has stayed relatively steady , edging slightly upward , in recent years . The Audit Bureau of Circulations  which recently changed its name to the Alliance for Audited Media  calculates 1.45 million sales in 2007 , and 1.48 million in 2011 . McCain : Rolling Stone cover was stupid Recent ad page figures -- a metric often used to determine a magazine 's health -- show a mixed picture . Rolling Stone 's ad pages jumped 5 % in the first half of 2013 , "  after a slow 2012 in which the magazine saw its ad pages decline 14.4 % , " Ad Age reported . Much of the magazine industry has been suffering a loss in ad pages . In the first half of this year , the five major news magazines lost a combined 18 % compared with the same period last year , according to the Pew Research Center . Amid all the talk about Rolling Stone 's cover , some say the focus on the story itself inside the magazine has been lost . The lengthy piece looks at how Tsarnaev -- as the cover puts it -- "  fell into radical Islam and became a monster . " What do you think ? Weigh in on Twitter , Facebook , or in the comments below . .	Retailers boycotting the issue might not have a big impact on sales Rolling Stone 's circulation is 95 % subscription Controversy sometimes increases magazine sales The magazine 's ad page figures dropped in 2012 , but have risen in 2013
CNN  -- Shia LaBeouf can sum up his turbulent year in two words : "  existential crisis . " That 's how the 28-year-old actor , who 'll next star alongside Brad Pitt in October 17 's "  Fury , " described his recent behavior on Ellen DeGeneres ' talk show Friday . DeGeneres , always the gracious host , kindly asked LaBeouf to explain just what 's been going on with him since the start of 2014 . He 's gone from skywriting an apology for plagiarism to wearing a bag over his head to being arrested for an outburst during a Broadway production . "  I went through like an existential crisis , which turned into an exploration , really , " LaBeouf told DeGeneres . "  I had some hiccups , some judgment error . " So when he hosted a performance art installation called " #IAmSorry " earlier this year , the actor said that was a genuine attempt to apologize to the public . "  There was a lot of negativity online , so I thought , alright , let 's see what this negativity is about . Let 's invite it in , " LaBeouf said . "  I was really , truly apologetic ... I was sort of apologizing to the public in a way . I thought for sure people were going to come in there and be super mean , but it was n't that way at all . It was very human . Once they got in there everything changed , they stopped looking at me like an object they started looking at me like a human . They were very loving . " That loving experience did n't automatically put LaBeouf back on the right path . In June , he was charged with disorderly conduct , harassment and criminal trespass after being accused of drunken and disruptive behavior in a Broadway venue .  The charges were later settled with the agreement being that LaBeouf would continue seeking treatment for alcohol addiction . The time he spent in jail for that incident was enough to get him to rethink his actions . It was n't the first time he 'd been in lockup , but it was "  the worst time , " probably because he did spit on a cop , as he told DeGeneres . "  Jail is quite scary . I was there for what felt like forever -- 24 hours or 25 hours . ... It was really rough , " he said . Not to mention the actor also got a good earful from his mother , whom he 's very close to . When he 's not behaving as well as he could , he 'll get a phone call in which he 'll bluntly be told , "  Stop f ***** g around . " May be brusque , but it works : "  Now I 'm on the right path , " LaBeouf said . Brad Pitt , Shia LaBeouf nearly fought with Scott Eastwood	Shia LaBeouf opened up about his past on "  Ellen " He explained some of his recent behavior as an "  existential crisis " The actor said he 's had "  some hiccups , " and "  some judgment error " Both his mom and a little jail time helped straighten him up
Quito , Ecuador  CNN  -- Ecuadorian law prohibits polling firms from releasing data in the 10 days before Sunday 's presidential election , but unless something surprising happens , incumbent Rafael Correa can expect to win re-election . Earlier this month , four of the country 's major polling firms gave Correa a more-than-comfortable margin over his seven challengers . To avoid a runoff , the winner of the election must obtain at least 40 % of the vote and more than 10 points ' difference from the runner-up . Correa is poised to meet both those criteria . From abroad , the leftist president is often characterized as a disciple of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Indeed , the U.S.-trained economist has created his own "  Citizens ' Revolution , " a socialist-oriented economic program with some similarities to what Chavez has done in Venezuela Correa has been criticized by press freedom groups for his government 's aggressive legal battles against media outlets unfriendly to him . At the same time , Ecuador is housing Julian Assange in its embassy in London , and Correa has offered him asylum . Yet , domestically , Correa 's social and economic programs have made him a popular president . He enjoys an approval rating of nearly 85 % , according to a December survey by pollster Perfiles de Opiniones . Ecuadorians will elect the president and vice president , 137 legislators in the National Assembly and five members of the Andean Parliament . Correa 's closest challenger is Guillermo Lasso Mendoza , who ran on a platform promising lower taxes and the privatization of state media companies . Lasso complained that the short electoral campaign period allowed in Ecuador -- 42 days -- gives an unfair advantage to the incumbent . "  This has been an uneven campaign , but we have given our strongest effort to share our proposal full of hope , " Lasso said at his campaign closing . In his last campaign event , Correa warned of a return to what he said were corrupt leaders who looked after themselves at the expense of the public . Ecuador , the smallest of the Andean countries , is known for its oil production and tourism . Since Correa became president , he has aligned himself with other countries in the region who reject the influence of the United States . Correa assumed the presidency in 2007 and under a new constitution ran again and won the presidency in 2009 . If re-elected , Correa would serve until 2017 . The possibility of 10 years under Correa 's leadership is a contrast with the political landscape in Ecuador before he became president . The country had seven presidents in the 10-year span 1996 and 2006 . Correa 's administration has stabilized Ecuador , but more must be done , political analyst Hernan Reyes said . "  We 're living in a moment of transition , " Reyes said , adding that six years of Correa 's presidency have not been enough time to completely shift away from the neoliberal economic model of his predecessors . "  I think Correa has succeeded in making the economy dynamic through state investment in public works  and  social projects . This has created an increase in employment rates . Unemployment and underemployment has fallen . " According to the World Bank , the percentage of the population living in poverty dipped from 36.1 % in 2007 to 28.6 % in 2011 . School enrollment is higher than the average in Latin America and the gross domestic product of the oil-based economy has risen $ 20 billion since Correa took office . Other experts are wary of what they say are Correa 's authoritarian tendencies . "  Unfortunately , this government , despite its social and economic successes , institutions have been weakened and there is a control over everything by the executive , " political analyst Ana Maria Correa said . Journalist Andres Lopez reported from Quito and CNN 's Mariano Castillo from Atlanta .	Ecuadorians will go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president President Rafael Correa had a sizable lead according to latest polls Correa 's leftist policies make him popular at home
Fifty years ago this week , the House of Representatives passed the Civil Rights Act , which made it illegal to discriminate against individuals on the basis of race , national origin , religion or gender . We 've come a long way since then , according to a report issued last week by the Council on Contemporary Families . Yet troubling inequalities persist . Gone are the days when segregationists in Congress proudly declared they would resist "  social equality " and racial "  intermingling " to "  the bitter end , " and when the head of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission flatly refused to enforce the act 's provisions against gender discrimination . In 1964 , fewer than 5 % of Americans approved of interracial marriage . Today , 77 % do , according to a Gallup poll . In 1970 , a majority of Americans still opposed efforts to end gender inequality . By 2010 , 97 % of Americans supported equal rights for women , according to the Pew Research Center . The number of elected black officials in the country has soared , growing from 103 in 1964 to more than 10,000 today . Since 1990 , there have been two African-American secretaries of state , and an African-American president is now in his second term . Before passage of the Civil Rights Act , fewer than 3 % of all lawyers and fewer than 1 % of all federal judges were female . Today , women account for almost one-third of attorneys and three of the nine Supreme Court justices . Fifty years ago , women working full-time earned just 59 cents for every dollar their male counterparts made . Today , women workers , as a group , earn 77 % of what men earn , as a group . Women run 23 of the Fortune 500 companies , and a woman heads the most powerful financial institution in the country , the Federal Reserve Bank . Despite these huge improvements , the historical legacy of racial and gender discrimination has not gone away . Although one in 10 black households now earns more than $ 100,000 a year , the median net worth of black households is 14 times lower than that of white households . The black unemployment rate remains twice that of whites . Black poverty rates are almost three times as high . These ratios have hardly budged over the past 50 years . Ta-Nehisi Coates , a writer for The Atlantic , recently called attention to a disturbing graph showing that almost one-third of African-Americans born between 1985 and 2000 live in neighborhoods where 30 % of the residents are poor , compared with only 1 % of whites . Living in areas of such concentrated poverty multiplies the barriers to getting a decent education or job . And after declining in the 1970s , racial segregation in schools has increased again over the past 30 years , especially in districts that were released from court-ordered desegregation plans . This trend underscores the need for continuing federal oversight and enforcement of equal rights laws . Women also face ongoing barriers to reaching full equality . Despite the high-profile positions of female executives such as Facebook 's Sheryl Sandberg and Yahoo 's Melissa Mayer , working-class jobs are as gender-segregated today as they were in 1964 . Most women continue to work in traditionally female occupations , which typically pay less than traditionally male jobs requiring comparable skills . Sixty-two percent of minimum-wage workers -- and the majority of poor Americans -- are female . In the decades since the Civil Rights Act outlawed barefaced discrimination on the basis of race and gender , many particularly talented or fortunate women , blacks , and Hispanics have acquired a degree of wealth , power and social admiration that would have been unimaginable in 1964 . But the majority are still handicapped by their historic disadvantages , as well as by racial and gender prejudices that controlled experiments reveal to be stubbornly persistent . Such prejudices are especially virulent when they interact with the growing income polarization occurring in America today . Commentators continue to blame poverty on the irresponsibility of single mothers and to impugn the sexual mores of women who want insurance coverage for birth control . According to an experiment published in American Sociological Review , white applicants in low-income communities are twice as likely to get a job offer as equally qualified blacks . White applicants just out of prison have as good a chance of being hired as black or Latino applicants with no criminal record ! The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once imagined a world where "  the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood . " Had he given the speech a few years later , he would certainly have added daughters to the mix . But as author Ellis Cose has observed , it would be a tragedy if we arrived at that point only to discover that while the wealthiest black , Latino , Asian and white men and women are welcome at the head table , the poor of all races are relegated to eating leftovers in the kitchen . The recent recession has demoted many Americans of all races to the poverty table . Yet blacks , Latinos and women remain over-represented in that group . The civil rights challenge for the next 50 years will be to find ways to work simultaneously for socioeconomic justice along with racial and gender equity .	Stephanie Coontz : 50 years ago , the House passed Civil Rights Act , making discrimination illegal Women , blacks , other minorities have gained since then , but still suffer from inequality , she says Poverty , lack of social mobility unduly affect blacks , she says , and women 's pay lags Coontz : Some have done well , but poor of all races unwelcome at the American prosperity table
CNN  -- From the "  Three Represents " to the "  Harmonious Society , " Beijing has long been fond of clunky political slogans . But the "  Chinese Dream , " widely considered as the governing catchphrase of Chinese President Xi Jinping , has a decidedly more captivating ring . Xi started using the expression even before he took office . "  The great revival of the Chinese nation is the greatest Chinese Dream , " he said in November last year . And in March , in his keynote speech to the National People 's Congress soon after his formal appointment as president , Xi said : "  We must make persistent efforts , press ahead with indomitable will , continue to push forward the great cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics , and strive to achieve the Chinese Dream of great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation . " But what does that really mean ? "  I think what this means is that China wants to create a more egalitarian society , " says Jing Ulrich , JPMorgan 's managing director and chairman of global markets , China . "  We have a lot of people in the last 20 years who have gotten extraordinarily wealthy . But lots of people have been left behind . So I think this means that we need to improve the income of the lower segments of society , not just creating an elite . " Along an old hutong alleyway in Beijing , we also approached a few Chinese citizens for their interpretation . Li Lei , a 27-year-old makeup artist says : "  For me , the Chinese Dream is to buy a house in Beijing and to settle down here . " Sarah Shi , a 25-year-old hostel receptionist , adds : "  My dream is to have enough money to reunite with my family , and not having to travel so far away for jobs . " Meanwhile , 47-year-old shopkeeper Li Jianjie tells us his biggest dream is just having access to medical care . Ending poverty For Xi , the Chinese Dream is to keep the economy growing . In the last three decades , China has lifted some 600 million people out of poverty . To continue to power ahead , China must reinvent itself from an export machine to a consumer economy . That wo n't be easy . "  We can not rely on investments , building a lot of infrastructure , factories , real estate ... We have to really shift to a service-driven economy , " says Ulrich . She adds : "  Aspirational consumers are everywhere in China , but they need to feel more secure by the future so that they can save less and spend more . " Corruption challenge Apart from building a strong social safety net , there are many more challenges for Beijing like cleaning up China 's air and combating rampant corruption . "  People today are looking for things that are more than just about their pocketbook , " says Evan Osnos , China correspondent for The New Yorker . "  They have a richer conception of what ` the good life ' means . They say , for instance , ' I want to live in a city where the air is cleaner . ' People also say , ` if I go to court , I want to be confident that I can get a reasonable judgment where the judge has n't been bribed or perhaps has n't been politically influenced . ' "  So that 's where it starts to get into a political issue , " says Osnos . "  In order to satisfy people 's economic demands , there 's going to have to be political reform of some kind . And that 's where it gets hard for the party . " Beijing is up against a wall , and has been forced to recognize that its people want more . Real reform ? Senior diplomat Wu Jianmin , who has served as China 's ambassador to the United Nations among other posts , says : "  If you look at President Xi Jinping 's speech , if you look at the Party Congress Report , you can see they talk loud about political reform . " "  Xi Jinping was very clear on that . We need rule of law and democracy . " But as China pursues its vision for its place in the world , some worry it is becoming expansionist and aggressive -- especially regarding territorial claims at sea . But Xi says his government 's intentions are purely peaceful . At a recent speech in Moscow , he said the Chinese Dream "  will not only benefit the Chinese people but will benefit the people of the whole world . " Xi has the next decade to show us what his dreams are really made of . CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report	Chinese President Xi Jinping says the country must pursue the Chinese Dream Question remains , what is the Chinese Dream and is it attainable ? Beijingers tell us they dream of buying a house , to work closer to home and have medical care Xi 's dream is about keeping the economy growing to bring more wealth to citizens
