Cairo  CNN  -- Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei has not been named Egypt 's prime minister , but is "  the logical choice , " the interim president 's spokesman said Saturday , contradicting statements earlier in the day by officials in ElBaradei 's political party . The move comes as anger grows among supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy -- including the Muslim Brotherhood -- who have decried the military 's move to push him from power , and raised fears of widening violence . ElBaradei met with interim President Adly Mansour for two hours Saturday afternoon , and "  discussions and consultations are ongoing , " presidential adviser Ahmed al-Muslimani said on state-run TV . "  Tomorrow we expect to name the prime minister and the ministers . " If ElBaradei is selected , it would signal a secular shift just days after a military coup ousted the nation 's first democratically elected -- and Islamist -- president . The country stands divided between those who support the return to power of Morsy and those who applaud the military takeover and accuse Morsy 's government of having edged toward an Islamist and autocratic rule . Each side accuses the other of thwarting democracy . And on Saturday , each side was trying to present a unified front , as violence between Morsy 's supporters and his opponents and the military swept across the country , leaving at least 30 dead and more than 1,400 wounded , according to state-run media . The possible appointment of ElBaradei , the defacto head of the opposition movement in the days leading to Wednesday 's ouster of Morsy , has been discussed as a possibility among supporters in recent days . ElBaradei , the former head of the U.N 's nuclear watchdog agency , ran in the country 's first election in 2012 but withdrew after criticizing the interim government for failing to bring about a "  real democratic system . " How Morsy 's supporters , who supported the deposed Islamist president 's rule , react to the new government will be key for post-coup Egypt , where the military suspended the country 's constitution and dissolved parliament . ElBaradei : Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not ` fail ' In an interview with CNN on Thursday , ElBaradei called Morsy 's ouster a "  reset " of the 2011 popular revolution that toppled Hosni Mubarak . "  Either we risk a civil war or ... take extra constitutional measures to ensure that we keep the country together , " he said , explaining the military 's conundrum . "  This is a recall , and it is nothing novel . " Outside the Republican Guard headquarters , where four pro-Morsy protesters died Friday in clashes with military forces loyal to the fledgling government , a funeral march was held Saturday . And pro-Morsy demonstrations continued around the Rabaa Al-Adawiya Mosque . The Egyptian Armed Forces , responding to "  rumors and lies , " said on its Facebook page that there was no division among its ranks over its decision to back "  the demands of the Egyptian people " over the government . "  These rumors are completely and utterly untrue , " it said . Those supporting Morsy 's return to power turned out en masse in squares around the country on Friday -- dubbed a "  day of rejection " by the Muslim Brotherhood -- in demonstrations marked by sporadic violence between supporters of Morsy and his opponents and security forces . Thirty-five people were killed and 1,404 others injured since Friday across the nation , according to state TV which cited health ministry sources . Opinion : Will the Muslim Brotherhood survive ? On Saturday , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , rejected the call for national dialogue from the newly installed interim president , Adly Mansour . "  The party reiterated its stance that it does not recognize the military coup and that the legitimate president of Egypt is Mohamed Morsy , " said Hussein Ibrahim Amin , the secretary-general of the party , in a statement , according to state-run EgyNews . Crowds of Morsy supporters converged for a second consecutive day Saturday outside the Republican Guard complex , where Morsy was reportedly being held , according to a tweet from the party . "  Steadfast Iron , Iron , president , " the crowds were said to be chanting . "  Behind you a million-man martyr . " The complex had been the site Friday of at least four killings that occurred when demonstrators charged the military , the health ministry said . Soldiers used live ammunition , the Freedom and Justice Party said . Security forces , on state television , denied the assertion . Egypt : Fast Facts The "  second revolution " Wednesday 's coup was the culmination of weeks of efforts by Morsy 's opponents to push him out . They said 22 million people had signed petitions calling for him to step down -- more than had voted for him in the 2012 election -- and followed up with days of protests that attracted massive crowds . Morsy 's supporters countered with rallies in favor of his government . At times , bloody clashes ensued . Dozens were killed . On Monday , the military issued a 48-hour ultimatum demanding that Morsy form a power-sharing government with his opponents . The end of Morsy 's rule came on Wednesday , when his conciliatory gestures failed to placate the military . Opinion : How Egypt 's military holds key to country 's future Egypt 's experience with democratic governance was short for a country whose history can be measured in millennia . "  Either we risk a civil war or ... take extra constitutional measures to ensure that we keep the country together , " he said , explaining the military 's conundrum . "  This is a recall , and it is nothing novel . " But Morsy failed to fix the nation 's ailing economy or stop spiraling crime , both of which worsened during his tenure . He was seen by many as increasingly autocratic . Human Rights Watch has said he had perpetuated abusive practices that Mubarak had established , molding them to his own purposes and adding to them . These included the trial of civilians by military courts , the permitting of police brutality and the suppression of critical voices . Adly Mansour , head of the country 's Supreme Constitutional Court , was sworn in Thursday as interim president . He dissolved Egypt 's upper house of parliament , the Shura Council , and appointed a new head of intelligence , state TV said Friday . Profile : Who is Adly Mansour ? The new government moved quickly to arrest leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood and was following up on hundreds more warrants . Some taken into custody have since been released , state television reported . The Egyptian army has promised a path to new elections . Wearing his trademark sunglasses , the 85-year-old Mubarak appeared Saturday in the fourth session of his retrial over his alleged involvement in the killing of protesters during his ouster . His appeal of last year 's guilty verdict began in May , but was postponed on Saturday to August 17 . Egypt is pivotal In Washington , a State Department spokeswoman on Friday condemned the violence following Morsy 's ouster and called on the military to respect the will of the people , but did not call for Morsy 's reinstatement . "  The voices of all who are protesting peacefully must be heard -- including those who welcomed the events of earlier this week and those who supported President Morsy , " spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said . "  The Egyptian people must come together to resolve their differences peacefully , without recourse to violence or the use of force . " U.S. President Barack Obama was spending the weekend at Camp David ; Secretary of State John Kerry was vacationing in Nantucket . But U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called Friday for the suspension of U.S. aid to Egypt 's military , which exceeds $ 1 billion per year . "  We can not repeat the same mistakes that we made at other times in our history by supporting the removal of freely elected governments , " the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services told CNN affiliate KNXV . Once the military sets a timetable for elections and a new constitution , "  then we should evaluate whether to continue the aid , " he said . Why Americans should care about Egypt Egypt is the most populous Arab country in the world and has long been a close ally of the United States , which supported it with military aid even during Mubarak 's 30-year dictatorship . It controls the Suez Canal , a crucial sea route through which more than 4 % of the world 's oil and 8 % of its seaborne trade travel . With Jordan , it is one of two Arab countries that have signed peace treaties with Israel . Opinion : Cut off aid to Egypt till elections held CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah , Ian Lee and Becky Anderson reported from Cairo ; Tom Watkins and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta ; Ali Younes , Ben Brumfield and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : ElBaradei has not been named prime minister , a presidential spokesman says He is summoned to meet with interim president At least 1,404 more are injured Appeals trial of former President Hosni Mubarak postponed until August 17
SICHUAN , China  CNN  -- Li Yunxia wipes away tears as rescue crews dig through the ruins of a kindergarten class that has buried her only child -- a 5-year-old boy . Other parents wail as soldiers in blue masks trudge through the mud , hauling bodies from the rubble on stretchers . "  Children were screaming , but I could n't hear my son 's voice , " she says , sobbing . This grim ritual repeated itself Thursday across southwestern China , as thousands of mothers and fathers await news about their sons and daughters . Watch parents ' anguished vigil " The death toll from Monday 's massive earthquake could be as high as 50,000 , according to state-run media . Map " The grief is compounded in many cases by a Chinese policy that limits most couples to one child , a measure meant to control explosive population growth . As a result of the one-child policy , the quake -- already responsible for at least 15,000 deaths -- is producing another tragic aftershock : Not only must thousands of parents suddenly cope with the loss of a child , but many must cope with the loss of their only child . China 's population minister recently praised the one-child rule , which dates to 1979 , saying it has prevented 400 million children from being born . Some wealthy families ignore the order , have more children and pay a $ 1,000 fine . In rural areas -- like earthquake-devastated Sichuan province -- families can petition for an additional child , but there 's no guarantee the authorities will approve the request -- they usually do n't . That reality has cast parents like Li into an agonizing limbo -- waiting to discover whether their only child is alive or dead . Thousands of children were in class when the temblor hit Monday afternoon . Many of their schools collapsed on top of them . In Dujiangyan City , more than 300 students were feared dead when Juyuan Middle School collapsed with 900 students inside . A similar number died at the city 's Xiang ' e Middle School . See images and video from the quake zone " Now parents cluster outside collapsed school buildings , held back by soldiers in some cases as rescue crews search for signs of life . "  Which grade are you in ? " a rescuer asks a trapped child in Beichuan County . "  Grade 2 , " comes the answer . "  Hang on for a while , " he says . "  We are figuring out ways to rescue you . " Watch children rescued from the rubble " The child is pulled from the rubble a short time later . For every child saved , though , many more are lost . Many are missing at a middle school in the city of Qingchuan . The scene is devastating at Juyuan Middle School , where sorrow seems endless . See photos of rescue efforts " "  There were screaming parents , and as the bodies would come out they were trying to identify whether it was their child or not , " said Jamil Anderlini of London 's Financial Times . "  And once they -- the parents -- realized it was their child , obviously they collapsed in grief . "	NEW : Death toll could reach 50,000 , according to state-run media China 's one-child policy , implemented in 1979 , has blocked 400 million births Many parents in limbo as they wait to learn whether their sole child is dead or alive Schools collapsed on thousands of children Monday when the quake hit
Atlanta  CNN  -- Herman Cain 's assertion that blacks ' overwhelming support of the Democratic Party was evidence of their having been "  brainwashed " was the latest salvo in an intra-racial war of words over the state of black politics . From President Barack Obama 's recent run-ins with BET News and the Congressional Black Caucus , to attendees at a caucus conference questioning the racial consciousness of Cain and Republican Rep. Allen West because of their association with the tea party , many observers on both sides of the political aisle are trying to figure out what to make of all of the infighting . Is there such a thing as a uniform black political agenda ? Are conservatism and black cultural pride incompatible ? Do blacks really behave as political lemmings , and could they benefit from embracing the Republican agenda ? The answers to these questions reflect an often overlooked fact : Neither the African-American community nor its politics have ever been monolithic . The overwhelming unity we have witnessed in black voting behavior and party identification in the last 50 years belies a surprising diversity . For instance , in fall 2008 , during the height of Obama-mania , nearly 32 % of black respondents in a Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies survey indicated that they were ideologically conservative . In 2009 , 53 % of black respondents to a Pew Center poll on race believed that middle and lower class blacks shared different values . Indeed , robust disagreement has been a norm , not the exception . Given the history of vigorous debate within the African-American community , it is reasonable to wonder why black voting behavior does not reflect this diversity . When we observe blacks voting for Democrats in election after election , it is easy to assume that these voters must be ill-informed or unthinking . However , many factors contribute to vote choice and party identification . African-American political behavior is shaped by a combination of factors , many of which are rooted in the unique historical experience of blacks in this country . For starters , black conservatism does not necessarily correlate with a belief in small government or with trust in state and local government to enforce civil rights . Historically , black civil rights were protected when activists appealed to the federal government for redress . This makes blacks more comfortable with the idea of a larger national government . So , when Republican politicians talk about limiting the scope of federal government , many blacks will be concerned that a contraction of federal power will limit continued progress in the realm of civil rights enforcement . Second , the conservative emphasis on individualism runs counter to blacks ' more group-centered self-identity . In the 1970s , political scientists started to notice that politically active blacks were more likely to frame their ideas about politics in terms of racial group interest . By the early 1990s , Michael Dawson was able to demonstrate empirically that middle class blacks who believed in the idea that what happens to other blacks affects them were more likely to support racially redistributive policies that ran counter to their apparent class interests . Dawson argued the belief that blacks ' fates were linked together was a thoroughly rational response to historic discrimination . While blacks acknowledge that race relations have improved dramatically since the 1960s , polling data show that blacks still perceive more discrimination than whites . As long as blacks still believe that they are the targets of discrimination , it is reasonable to expect them to factor group interests into their political choices . Thus , contrary to Cain 's opinion , blacks who choose to vote Democratic have their reasons , just as he has good reasons to be a Republican . The good thing about the democratic process is that all voters have the privilege to weigh candidates ' appeals and make their own decisions about who should represent them . Cain has made headway in Republican polls recently in part because of the appeal of his policy proposals . If he hopes to make inroads among blacks , it will be on the merit of his ideas and his demonstrated ability to challenge the Republican establishment to frame its platform in a way that is culturally sensitive to the concerns of blacks . For Cain to stoop to the level of those who unfairly taunted him and the tea party at the Congressional Black Caucus Weekend undermines his candidacy and only adds fire to the fuel of political incivility . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andra Gillespie .	Andra Gillespie : Herman Cain 's remarks add to ongoing discussion of black politics Gillespie says there 's a lot of diversity in political views among African-Americans Many blacks identify as conservative but favor strong federal government , she says
CNN  -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker won re-election Tuesday , according to a CNN projection , positioning the conservative hero for a potential shot at the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . Walker held off a challenge from Democratic businesswoman and Madison school board member Mary Burke , keeping hold of the governor 's office in a state that typically votes for Democratic presidential candidates . The race was largely -- once again -- a referendum on Walker . The Republican governor became a conservative rock star in 2010 when he successfully pushed a "  budget repair " bill that stripped most state workers of their collective bargaining rights and slashed education spending by more than $ 1 billion . The cuts -- and the restriction of unions ' power -- triggered weeks of protests in Wisconsin 's Statehouse , followed by a move to recall Walker through a June 2012 special election . Walker survived , offering Republicans a massive confidence boost that their favored policies could be winners even in blue-tinted Great Lakes states like Wisconsin . His victory in the recall election also earned Walker a spot on short lists of 2016 GOP presidential possibilities . He 's fallen back to earth since then , though , surviving accusations this summer of illegal campaign coordination but facing a much tougher than expected challenge from Burke , a Wisconsin school board member who is also a former Trek Bicycle Corp. executive and state secretary of commerce . She criticized Walker for signing into law bills that restrict access to abortions and legislation requiring state-issued photo identification to vote . She also pledged to restore state employees ' collective bargaining rights . Walker complained in the days before the election that national Republican groups had n't done enough to shore up the seat . He spent the campaign 's closing days traveling the state with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- another possible 2016 presidential contender .	Wisconsin Republican Gov. Scott Walker won re-election Tuesday , CNN projects He defeated Democrat Mary Burke , a businesswoman and member of the Madison school board Walker is now positioned for a potential 2016 run for the GOP presidential nomination
Mashable  -- If you 're one of the millions who purchased an iPod between Sept. 12 , 2006 , and March 31 , 2009 , you might be in for a surprising email . It states that you 're being enlisted in a class-action lawsuit against Apple -- though you do have the right to recuse yourself . The class-action lawsuit was originally filed by a customer in January 2005 and was ignited by the creation of the music service Harmony . Back in 2004 , the company RealNetworks created Harmony as a digital rights management  DRM  translation service . It allowed users to play songs downloaded from the RealPlayer music store on Apple 's iPod . But as any iPod user knows , songs must be loaded onto iTunes to be played on Apple 's devices . That 's because Apple created an iPod firmware update not too long after the announcement of Harmony , which blocked it and other music services from uploading songs to the iPod . The customer filed an antitrust lawsuit against Apple , accusing the company of unfairly blocking competition . Now , years later , it 's gaining steam . Though RealNetworks has nothing to do with this case , the . District Court for the Northern District of California gave the lawsuit class-action status in November 2011 . The website ipodlawsuit.com , which details the entire case , explains : "  The lawsuit claims that Apple violated federal and state laws by issuing software updates in 2006 for its iPod that prevented iPods from playing songs not purchases on iTunes . The lawsuit claims that the software updates caused iPod prices to be higher than they otherwise would have been . " The "  class-action status " of the case means that if you own any of these devices -- first through fourth generation Nanos , second and third generation Touches , first through third generation Shuffles , a fifth generation classic iPod or the special edition U2 iPod -- you 're automatically included in the lawsuit .  Official notices began going out this week .  But you give up any right to sue Apple individually over the same concerns . Alternatively , you could also request exclusion from the case . However , if Apple does end up losing , you do n't get to share in any kind of "  recovery " that may be rewarded . So far , there 's no money involved -- no actual settlement or reward has been determined . If you 're one of these iPod owners , will you opt to be excluded from the case , or will you take part in a class-action lawsuit against Apple ? Sound off in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	iPod owners have been enlisted in a class-action lawsuit against Apple The music service Harmony allowed users to play songs downloaded from the RealPlayer music store on Apple 's iPod Apple created a firmware update that blocked other music services from uploading songs to the iPod
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans are taking aim at America 's oldest senior citizens group , AARP , in the wake of a GOP-authored report that they contend exposed "  the conflict between AARP 's drive for profits , the best interests of its members and the organization 's tax-exempt status . " Democrats counter that the attacks are based on the organization 's support of President Obama 's health care reform bill . "  The facts suggest that AARP has strayed from its core mission , " Rep. Wally Herger , R-California , chairman of the House Ways and Means ' health subcommittee , said at a hearing Friday . He was one of those who released the report , titled "  Behind the Veil : the AARP America Does n't Know , " this week . "  The facts show that AARP no longer operates like a seniors advocacy organization . Instead it more closely resembles a for-profit insurance company , " he said . Herger 's subcommittee is now challenging AARP 's tax-exempt nonprofit status , looking into how the AARP does business and pointing to the organization 's profits from the sale of insurance and other products . The organization made nearly a third of its $ 1.4 billion budget through insurance sales in 2009 , American Public Radio 's Gregory Warner told the panel Friday . Rep. Charles Boustany , R-Louisiana , also argued Friday that the AARP has strayed from its original mission of protecting seniors . "  Contributions to the AARP Foundation between 2002 and 2009 grew by only 11 % , or about $ 3.1 million . And funding of the legal counsel for the elderly actually decreased by about 9 % , " Boustany said . "  The parts of AARP that fulfill its original purpose seem not to be sharing in the bounty that has come to AARP from its insurance-related business activities . " Democrats counter by pointing out that Republicans welcomed AARP 's 2003 support of the GOP push for Medicare reform , saying there were no such questions or hearings back then . Some members called the hearing "  political payback " for AARP 's support of Obama 's health care reform efforts . "  We should see this for what it is , " said Rep. Pete Stark , D-California , "  a waste of government time , and a vindictive attempt to settle a political score . " The hearing "  amounts to nothing more than a political witch hunt to punish an organization that spoke out in favor of health reform , " he said , adding that the Republicans aim is "  to discredit AARP in the minds of seniors . " "  Before they announce a budget that will devastate Medicare , Social Security , Medicaid , they would like to silence AARP , " Stark said . Barry Rand , AARP 'S CEO , told committee members that the organization has been nothing but transparent , in contrast to the "  Behind the Veil " report 's implication that the organization had an ulterior motive for supporting health care reform . The report concluded that the AARP stands "  to make upwards of $ 1 billion over the next 10 years as a result of the new health care law through the sale of their endorsed-Medicare insurance products , " according to a news release from Herger this week announcing the release of the report . "  We post on our website our annual reports , financial statements , IRS Form 990 tax returns and detailed breakdowns of our revenues and expenditures , " Rand said . "  This is why we are surprised and disappointed both by the title and substance of the report . " He said there is no veil and the organization disagrees with all of the conclusions reached in the "  one-sided report . " "  First , we reject the allegation that our public policy positions are influenced by our revenues . Our policy positions are set by our all-volunteer board of directors based on the needs of our 50-plus population , " he added . And Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. , D-New Jersey , noted that "  the sixth-largest social welfare organization " with the type of nonprofit classification AARP has "  is a tax-exempt race track and casino which operates in Iowa . " "  I 'm sure you 'll help me understand why a race track and a casino are more deserving of this classification , because that 's what you 're getting at , " he said . Former GOP Rep. Billy Tauzin , once the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , admits that attacking the AARP is risky . "  A perceived attack on AARP could easily backfire , giving Democrats an opportunity they could quickly use to paint themselves as the party best positioned to protect seniors in the future , " he wrote in a Politico opinion piece . "  At the end of the day , I suspect AARP is likely to meet any reasonable test for non-profit status , " he added . "  After all , it has no stock , pays no dividends and uses the profits it makes from sales and licensing to fund tax-exempt programs which assist seniors . " CNN 's Xuan Thai contributed to this report .	House subcommittee opens hearing looking into AARP 's tax-exempt status Republicans say AARP "  no longer operates like a seniors advocacy organization " Democrats say the hearing is "  political payback " for AARP 's support of health care reform
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As Americans paused Wednesday to remember the extraordinary life of Sen. Edward Kennedy , political observers also took note of a rare development caused by his passing . Former Rep. Joe Kennedy may try to launch a political comeback amid all the Kennedy nostalgia . For the first time in 25 years , the state of Massachusetts has an open Senate seat . Nobody knows who will take it , but virtually everyone agrees that the fight to replace the Bay State 's liberal lion is guaranteed to be fierce . Massachusetts is essentially a one-party state . Democrats control the governorship and every congressional seat and have overwhelming majorities in both houses of the state legislature . One unintended consequence of this monopoly is a lot of pent-up political ambition . Bay State Democrats itching to go to Washington usually have to wait -- for a long time . Kennedy won his Senate seat in 1962 ; John Kerry won his in 1984 . Watch newsreel of Kennedy 's early years " Massachusetts law requires a special election for Kennedy 's seat to be held within 160 days . A long-term vacancy could have effects far beyond Kennedy 's home state of Massachusetts , since his death deprives Democrats of the 60-vote majority necessary to force laws through the Senate despite Republican objections . Just last week , Kennedy urged that the law be changed to allow the governor to appoint a temporary replacement until the special election could be held . Gov. Deval Patrick on Wednesday told Boston radio station WBUR that he is in favor of the change and would sign it into law if the state legislature passed it . When the special election is over , the winner will serve out the remainder of Kennedy 's term , which expires in January 2013 . A slew of local officeholders have nothing to lose and everything to gain by tossing their hats in the ring . So who 's on the list of possible contenders ? Start with the state 's 10-member House delegation . With the exception of 72-year-old Rep. John Olver , each one is considered a possible contender , said Bill Mayer , a Northeastern University political scientist . Rep. Ed Markey , a 17-term congressman from north of Boston , ran for Kerry 's Senate seat in 1984 . He also briefly aired television ads during his 2004 House re-election bid . Why ? There was n't a serious threat to Markey 's House seat , but he wanted to raise his profile in the event of a Senate vacancy created by a Kerry presidential win over George W. Bush , Mayer said . The one caveat for Markey today : He may not want to give up his chairmanship of an influential House committee dealing with climate-change legislation . The same goes for Rep. Barney Frank , who has plenty of name recognition but may not want to cede the helm of the powerful House Financial Services Committee . Rep. Mike Capuano , now in his sixth term from Somerville , currently has the seat once held by President Kennedy and House Speaker Tip O'Neill . He took office in 1998 by edging out a 10-candidate primary field with 23 percent of the vote . Capuano and others might try to follow that same blueprint for a statewide victory , Mayer said . As little as 20 percent may be enough to win a heavily contested Senate primary . Capuano , Rep. Stephen Lynch from South Boston and Rep. Jim McGovern from Worcester might also bet that their stronger urban Democratic organizations can help them eke out a victory if the primary turnout is low . Money is certain to be a key factor . Former Rep. Marty Meehan , now the chancellor of the University of Massachusetts at Lowell , has almost $ 5 million in contributions at his disposal that could be used for a Senate run . Massachusetts Democrats might , however , decide it 's time to turn the political page by sending a woman to the U.S. Senate . The state 's politically ambitious Attorney General Martha Coakley has the distinction of being one of the few women to win statewide . Rep. Niki Tsongas of Lowell , on the other hand , has the benefit of a famous name . Her husband -- former presidential candidate Paul Tsongas who passed away in 1997 -- represented Massachusetts for one term in the Senate from 1979 to 1985 . But the most famous name in Massachusetts politics is , of course , Kennedy . Ted Kennedy 's widow , Victoria Reggie Kennedy , has so far expressed no interest in filling the seat , according to sources . Speculation is nevertheless rampant that she might ultimately try to keep the seat in family hands . Former Rep. Joe Kennedy , who held Capuano 's seat from 1987 to 1999 , may also try to launch a political comeback on the strength of the current wave of emotion and nostalgia . The nephew of Ted Kennedy and son of Robert F. Kennedy , he currently heads Citizens Energy Corp. , which provides home heating fuel for low-income Americans . Massachusetts may be headed for its most hotly contested Senate race in at least a quarter century .	State likely headed for its 1st hotly contested Senate race in a quarter century Massachusetts law requires a special election for Kennedy 's seat within 160 days List of possible contenders is deep , and unabashedly Democratic
CNN  -- Microsoft 's purchase of Nokia 's mobile phone business will allow the company to compete against "  big established players " by being "  agile and clear " with the consumer and with its innovations , its outgoing chief executive Steve Ballmer has told CNN . The deal , announced late Monday night , pits Microsoft squarely against Apple and Google in the hotly-contested smartphone arena . The $ 7.2 billion purchase gives Microsoft control of the second-largest mobile phone manufacturer in the world , according to IDC . Watch more : Microsoft to buy Nokia 's phone business Ballmer , in an interview with CNN , said : "  The dynamics of really competing in this market against big established players means that we 're going to have to be absolutely as agile and clear with the consumer , agile in our innovation , agile in our business decision making . " Read more : Nokia sale is a good deal for both parties The two companies have been in partnership since 2011 , when Nokia moved away from its homemade Symbian smartphone operating system and replaced it with Microsoft 's Windows Phone . Read more : Launch of Nokia 's $ 20 phone begs question : Is one mobile enough ? Of the existing deal , Ballmer said : "  Despite the close cooperation and great work we 've done together we see the opportunity to , none the less , move faster and accelerate and take market share . " The best way to do that , he said , is to be : "  One company making one set of decisions . " Watch more : Nokia 's super cheap mobile phone Nokia has been troubled , and while sales of its top-end Lumia smartphones are growing fast , they remain in the shadows of the iPhone , Samsung Galaxy S4 and even Google 's new Moto X. Nokia has been led for the past three years by Stephen Elop , a former Microsoft executive . Elop stepped down as Nokia 's CEO on Monday to become the head of the company 's devices and services business . He will continue leading Nokia 's phones business as the devices chief at Microsoft . Read more : Review : Nokia Lumia 900 is best Windows phone ever Elop has been widely named as a potential replacement for Ballmer as Microsoft 's next CEO . When asked if Elop was a natural successor for the role , Ballmer said the board was going through an "  open succession " process to consider internal and external candidates and would continue to do "  its proper job in considering candidates to be next CEO of Microsoft . " But Ballmer said he was "  not finished ... I 'm running very hard until we do have a CEO successor . " The deal , Ballmer added , was the biggest he had done at Microsoft , and "  it 's part of what I would call probably the most significant transformation of the company . "  I am excited , I am excited to welcome the now 32,000 Nokia people who will be joining the Microsoft family . " CNN 's Jim Boulden , Irene Chapple and CNNMoney contributed to this report	Microsoft 's purchase of Nokia 's mobile phone business pits Microsoft squarely against Apple and Google Ballmer , speaking to CNN 's Jim Boulden , said the company would need to be "  agile and clear with the consumer " The two companies have been in partnership since 2011 but there was more opportunity , he said Ballmer said the deal was part of "  the most significant transformation " of the company
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Justice said Friday it has joined the whistle-blower lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong that was originally filed by a former teammate . The Justice Department will file its formal complaint in 60 days . Armstrong , the onetime legendary and now disgraced cyclist , has admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs . He was the team 's lead rider when the U.S. Postal Service sponsored the team from 1996 to 2004 and Armstrong won six of his seven Tour de France titles , the Justice Department said . The civil lawsuit alleges that Armstrong and former team managers submitted false claims for government funds to the sponsoring Postal Service by their "  regularly employing banned substances and method to enhance their performance " in violation of the sponsorship agreement , the federal announcement said . "  Today 's action demonstrates the Department of Justice 's steadfast commitment to safeguarding federal funds and making sure that contractors live up to their promises , " Stuart F. Delery , principal deputy assistant attorney general for the civil division , said in a statement . Read the lawsuit Between 2001 and 2004 , the Postal Service paid $ 31 million in sponsorship fees , but that affiliation has now been "  unfairly associated with what has been described as ` the most sophisticated , professionalized , and successful doping program that sport has ever seen , ' " said Ronald C. Machen Jr. , U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia . "  In today 's economic climate , the U.S. Postal Service is simply not in a position to allow Lance Armstrong or any of the other defendants to walk away with the tens of millions of dollars they illegitimately procured , " Machen said . The suit that the Justice Department is joining is by former Armstrong teammate Floyd Landis and was unsealed by U.S. District Court Judge Robert Wilkins . It provides details of the payments Armstrong and his team received while they promised to abide by the rules of cycling 's governing bodies . Those rules prohibited the use of certain performance enhancing substances and methods . "  This lawsuit is designed to help the Postal Service recoup the tens of millions of dollars it paid out  to  the Tailwind cycling team based on years of broken promises , " Machen said . The suit also names as defendants Johan Bruyneel , who had managed the U.S. Postal Service and Discovery racing teams on which Armstrong raced , and Tailwind Sports , which was the team 's management entity , the Justice Department said . The Justice Department is joining the lawsuit 's allegations against Bruyneel and Tailwind , but it is n't intervening in the suit 's claims against several other defendants , the agency said . The U.S. Postal Service supported the Justice Department intervention . This so-called qui tam case allows the resources of the federal government to intervene on the side of a whistle-blower . If the suit is successful the government stands to recoup millions , and Landis stands to claim a sizable share of the proceeds -- possibly in the millions of dollars . The government had been working on the case for several weeks in advance of a likely federal intervention . "  The defendants agreed to play by the rules and not use performance enhancing drugs , " general counsel and executive vice president Mary Anne Gibbons said in a statement . "  We now know that the defendants failed to live up to their agreement , and instead knowingly engaged in a pattern of activity that violated the rules of professional cycling and , therefore , violated the terms of their contracts with the Postal Service . " The lawsuit accuses the former management of Armstrong 's team of defrauding the federal government of millions of dollars because it knew about the drug use and did n't do anything . The federal government had been evaluating for weeks whether to intervene in the lawsuit . An attorney for Armstrong , Robert Luskin , said that ongoing discussions between the federal government and Armstrong 's legal team had collapsed . "  Lance and his representatives worked constructively over these last weeks with federal lawyers to resolve this case fairly , but those talks failed because we disagree about whether the Postal Service was damaged , " Luskin said . "  The Postal Service 's own studies show that the service benefited tremendously from its sponsorship -- benefits totaling more than $ 100 million . " Armstrong 's attorneys declined to comment further on Friday 's Justice Department announcement . Former teammate Landis , who was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test , filed the lawsuit in 2010 against the team , which was sponsored the U.S. Postal Service . Landis was a teammate of Armstrong on the Postal Service-sponsored team from 2002 to 2004 , and his lawsuit was filed under the False Claims Act , the Justice Department said . That act is commonly called the whistle-blower law . The law permits the federal government to investigate allegations and intervene , the Justice Department said . The act was originally passed in 1863 when government officials were concerned that suppliers to the Union Army during the Civil War could be defrauding them . In 1986 , Congress modified the law to make it easier for whistle-blowers to bring cases and give them a larger share of any penalties collected . Whistle-blowers can now take home between 15 % and 30 % of the sums collected in their cases . For years , Armstrong had denied drug use and blood doping , but he publicly admitted such use in January , three months after international cycling 's governing body stripped him of his seven Tour de France titles . That stripping came after a damning report by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency accused Armstrong and his team of the "  most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " in cycling history . That agency praised the Justice Department 's announcement . "  The U.S. Postal Service Cycling Team was run as a fraudulent enterprise and individuals both inside and outside of sport aided and abetted this scheme and profited greatly , " CEO Travis T. Tygart said in a statement . CNN 's Terry Frieden in Washington and Jason Morris in Dallas contributed to this report .	U.S. Justice Department will file formal complaint in 60 days Feds wo n't allow Armstrong and managers "  to walk away " with tens of millions of dollars "  The defendants failed to live up to their agreement , " postal official says "  We disagree ... whether the Postal Service was damaged , " Armstrong attorney says
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats acting like Republicans . Republicans acting like Democrats . The 2016 presidential contest is shaping up to be the political equivalent of gender-bending . Democrats are coalescing early around a front-runner who certainly will be lavishly funded , Hillary Clinton . She 's campaigning on the familiar GOP platform : "  Next in line . " Meanwhile , a twice-beaten Republican Party finds itself doing as Democrats often did in the Reagan era , surveying a field of little-knowns and hoping for magic . The Republican field is led by two freshman senators : Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida , plus a member of the House and the party 's 2012 vice presidential nominee , Paul Ryan . Three things are immediately striking about the top of the Republican field : 1  It 's not only Washington-based , but it 's all congressionally based . There is no governor in the top three , no general , no former Cabinet secretary , nobody with any notable private-sector accomplishment . 2  It 's light on accomplishment . Ryan has to date been the most productive of the top three , but none of his famous budgets have been passed into law . Paul can cite no legislative accomplishments at all , only a stunt filibuster against the entirely imaginary menace of drone strikes against American citizens on American soil . Rubio has taken a lead role in immigration reform but must make some tough decisions about whether his future is best secured by negotiating a deal or scuttling one . None of the three Republican front-runners has any administrative experience to speak of . 3  It 's intensely doctrinaire . Ryan was the author of much of the Republican Party 's post-2009 tea party program . Rubio has to date shown himself an undeviating follower of that program . Paul dissents from some aspects of that program but in the direction of even greater extremism . A party rebuilding from back-to-back presidential defeats has to face the possibility that the problem may be bigger than its candidate , bigger than its campaign tactics . There are a couple of obvious ways to address that possibility : The party might look for an outsider nominee , a candidate so attractive in his or her own right as to offset the party 's own unpopularity . This is what Republicans did by nominating Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 after five consecutive defeats by New Deal Democrats . Or the party might allow an insider some latitude to edge back toward the political center . This is what Democrats did in 1992 when they nominated a pro-death penalty , pro-welfare reform , pro-free trade governor of Arkansas after losses under the party-line liberals , Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis . In 2016 , however , Republicans as yet show no inclination to try either remedy . No independent superstar ; no deviation from party line orthodoxy . The one Republican with the highest cross-partisan appeal , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , has been consigned to fourth place . As the saying goes , the first step toward recovery is to acknowledge the problem . The problem in 2012 -- as in 2008 , as in the near-death experience of 2004 , as in the popular vote loss of 2000 , as in the loss of 1996 , as in the loss of 1992 -- was the GOP 's failure to offer an economic program relevant to the problems of middle-class Americans . The party 's present three front-runners would not only repeat that failure , but double down on that failure . The Republican Party desperately needs renewal , its early presidential front-runners are characterized by their rejection of change . At a time when voters reject generic Republicanism , Republicans themselves are rallying to two of the most generic Republicans in the party -- and a third , Paul , who diverges from generic Republicanism only by offering voters even more of what they most dislike about today 's GOP . The party talks about learning from its mistakes . Thus far , the main thing the party seems to have learned from those mistakes is how to repeat them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Democrats could pick 2008 also-ran Hillary Clinton for 2016 He says Republican front-runners seem unlikely to measure up Despite losses , GOP could pick long shots such as Marco Rubio or Rand Paul , he says Frum : One candidate who appeals across party lines is Chris Christie
Tests of an experimental Ebola vaccine began this week at the National Institutes of Health , amid mounting anxiety about the spread of the deadly virus in West Africa . On Thursday , a third volunteer will receive a dose of the vaccine . The first volunteer , a 39-year-old woman , received a dose Tuesday ; the second volunteer , a 27-year-old woman , received her dose Wednesday . Seven more will be given the vaccine next week . The NIH hopes to have 20 volunteers enrolled and vaccinated within three weeks . After an expedited review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , researchers were given the green light to begin what 's called a human safety trial , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , or NIAID . It is the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans . The experimental vaccine , developed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline and the NIAID , is being given to the three healthy human volunteers at first to see if they suffer any adverse effects . If deemed safe , it will then be given to another small group of volunteers , ages 18 to 50 , to see if it produces a strong immune response to the virus . All will be monitored closely for side effects . The vaccine will be administered to volunteers by an injection in the deltoid muscle of their arm , first in a lower dose , then later in a higher dose after the safety of the vaccine has been determined . Each volunteer is being paid approximately $ 1,700 for their time and inconvenience , the NIH said . The government agency expects to spend around $ 1.6 million on the trial overall . Some of the preclinical studies that are normally done on these types of vaccines were waived by the FDA during the expedited review , Fauci said , so "  we want to take extra special care that we go slowly with the dosing . " The vaccine did extremely well in earlier trials with chimpanzees , Fauci said . He noted that the method being used to prompt an immune response to Ebola can not cause a healthy person to become infected with the virus . Still , he said , "  I have been fooled enough in my many years of experience ... you really ca n't predict what you will see  in humans  . " The NIH says the vaccine will also be tested on healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom , Gambia and Mali , once details are finalized with health officials in those countries . CDC director raises Ebola alarm Trials can not currently be done in the four countries affected by the recent outbreak -- Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria -- because the existing health care infrastructure would n't support them , Fauci said . Gambia and Mali were selected because the NIH has "  long-standing collaborative relationships " with researchers in those countries . According to the NIH , officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are also in talks with health officials from Nigeria about conducting part of the safety trial there . Funding from an international consortium formed to fight Ebola will enable GlaxoSmithKline to begin manufacturing up to 10,000 additional doses of the vaccine while clinical trials are ongoing , the pharmaceutical company said in a statement . These doses will be made available if the World Health Organization decides to allow emergency immunizations in high-risk communities . Two candidate vaccines The GSK/NIAID vaccine is one of two leading candidate vaccines . The other was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed this month to NewLink Genetics , a company based in Iowa . According to the NIH , safety trials of that vaccine will start this fall . Ebola victim : ' I felt like I was about to die ' Earlier this month , the Canadian government shipped what it said was "  800 to 1,000 " doses of that vaccine to Liberia , at the government 's request . It 's not clear whether it has been given to health workers or anyone else there . Worth noting : In 2009 , an earlier version of the vaccine was given to a lab worker in Germany after he thought he had pricked himself with a needle tainted with Ebola . He did not develop the disease . While there is no proven treatment for Ebola beyond supportive care , government agencies and small biotechnology firms have been scrambling to speed up development of several potential therapies and vaccines . A third vaccine , also developed by the NIH , was recently tested in primates and found to protect them from infection ; it was given in combination with Depovax , an adjuvant that has been used with other vaccines and cancer therapies to boost the body 's immune response . Drugs for treatment of Ebola While vaccines might be given to prevent infection among health workers or other people thought to be at high risk , development has also been sped up on drugs that might be given to patients who already have the disease . The drug that 's received the most attention is ZMapp , which has been given to at least seven people in the current outbreak , including two American missionary medical workers , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly . The drug has never been formally tested in humans , and while the results in human patients are encouraging -- five of the seven known to have received it are still alive -- experts say there is too little data to say whether it played a role in their recoveries . Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ? Earlier versions of ZMapp , which received backing from the U.S. and Canadian governments as well as from biotechnology firms , have shown some ability to protect rhesus macaque monkeys more than two days after they were infected with the virus . The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced Tuesday a $ 24.9 million , 18-month contract with ZMapp 's manufacturer , Mapp Biopharmaceutical , to accelerate the development of the medication . Mapp will make "  a small amount of the drug for early stage clinical safety studies and nonclinical studies " to gauge how the drug works on people , the HHS department said in a news release . The various new steps "  will contribute to increasing the amount of product potentially available to treat patients with Ebola . " Another drug , Tekmira 's TKM-Ebola , has been tested for safety in a small number of humans . That trial was put on hold in January , after one volunteer developed moderate gastrointestinal side effects after receiving a high dose of the medication . Last month , the FDA modified the hold to a "  partial clinical hold . " In effect , this means that Tekmira could be allowed to give the drug to doctors or hospitals that request it , on an emergency basis . There 's no indication that the company has received any such requests . The vaccine going into trials this week is based on an adenovirus -- a type of cold virus -- that 's found in chimpanzees . The virus delivers genetic material derived from two species of Ebola virus , including the Zaire strain that 's responsible for the current outbreak . Those genes are meant to trigger the development of antibodies in the person who receives the vaccine , antibodies that can specifically defend against Ebola . Another trial , using a version of the GSK/NIAID vaccine that uses only the Zaire strain of Ebola , will be launched in October , the NIH said . All participants in the trial will be evaluated nine times over a 48-week period . The NIH expects to reveal the results of the trial by the end of the year . If it 's approved for widespread use , the first priority will be to give the vaccine to health care workers or lab workers who are fighting the spread of the virus , Fauci said . It will then be considered for people in the communities where outbreaks occur . Nine things to know about the killer disease What happens when you survive Ebola ?	A third volunteer will receive a dose of an Ebola vaccine Thursday Food and Drug Administration approves the start of an Ebola vaccine human safety trial This is the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans 20 healthy volunteers will get the vaccine at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland
CNN  -- Everyone is familiar with Tyrannosaurus rex , but humanity is only now meeting its much smaller Arctic cousin . Scientists have announced the discovery of a new genus and species of dinosaur , based on remains found in Alaska . They are calling the species Nanuqsaurus hoglundi . This dinosaur lived about 70 million years ago , say paleontologists Anthony Fiorillo and Ronald Tykoski , at the Perot Museum of Nature and Science in Dallas . Their study , published in the journal PLOS One , is aptly called "  A Diminutive New Tyrannosaur from the Top of the World . " Researchers discovered the dinosaur 's remains in 2006 in the Prince Creek Formation on Alaska 's North Slope . At the same quarry , Fiorillo and Tykoski have previously uncovered other important finds , such as remnants of the horned dinosaur species Pachyrhinosaurs perotorum , whose discovery was announced in 2011 . "  I find it absolutely thrilling that there is another new dinosaur found in the polar region , " Fiorillo said in a statement from the Perot Museum . "  It tells us that the ecosystem of ancient Arctic was a very different place , and it challenges everything we know about dinosaurs . " What scientists know about Nanuqsaurus hoglundi comes from just a few fragments : The top part of a skull section , part of a lower jaw , and part of an upper facial jawbone . "  Nanuqsaurus " loosely translates to "  polar bear lizard , " according to the Perot Museum , and honors the Inupiat people whose territory traditionally includes where the dinosaur remnants were found . The "  hoglundi " part honors Dallas entrepreneur and philanthropist Forrest Hoglund . A Tyrannosaurus rex would have weighed between 7 and 8 tons , with a length of about 40 feet . By comparison , an adult Nanuqsaurus might have been only 25 feet long , with a weight of 1,000 pounds . The head was probably about 2 feet long , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . "  There were features in these specimens that were unique ; you did n't see them in other tyrannosaurs , " Tykoski told WFAA . Study authors told the Perot Museum that the dinosaur may have been so small because of how isolated the area was , and how little food was likely available . At that time , planet Earth as a whole was warmer than it is today , but this particular area in Alaska would have been dark about half the year . "  Conditions in this setting were relatively warm , but there were profound to extreme seasonal changes in light regime throughout the year that would have limited resource availability and produced substantial variance in temperatures , " study authors wrote . We know of other animals have clearly adapted to their environments by evolving in size over time , such as large Russian Arctic mammoths that evolved to be cow-sized . But why was this particular dinosaur , Nanuqsaurus hoglundi , living so far north on the globe ? Scientists have many more such questions to explore . In terms of investigating this polar region for more clues , as Fiorillo put it , this is just the tip of the iceberg . Biggest predator ever to stalk Europe : 4-inch teeth and 33 feet long	Nanuqsaurus hoglundi is a newly discovered species It lived on Alaska 's North Slope The dinosaur was much smaller than its cousin , T. rex
CNN  You might call her a watchdog , because this Boston area Doberman really has a thing for timepieces . She recently ate three . Last Thursday , Jeff Courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old Mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored Doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps . "  My husband , who 's the most calm person that I know , called me up and said , ` I 'm not quite sure if I should panic , ' " said Courcelle 's wife , Michele Parkinson . The 80-pound Doberman , whom her owners describe as "  more goofy than scary , " had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents . Parkinson knew that Mocha would n't be able to pass all that leather on her own . The couple took her to the MSPCA 's Angell Animal Medical Center , a 24-hour emergency and specialty hospital , where a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly . Mocha was a repeat offender : Just last summer , she got very sick and had to have emergency stomach surgery after a piece of plastic from an orange juice container perforated her intestine . She had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed , Parkinson said . Fortunately this time , the jewelry remains were still in Mocha 's belly and had not made their way into the digestive tract . The X-ray , however , was disturbing . Parkinson and her husband were just expecting to see a couple metal pieces . "  It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up , " Parkinson said . The veterinarian removed "  about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus " during the endoscopy , and let nature take its course for the remaining pieces , MSPCA spokesman Rob Halpin said . As of Friday , Mocha was no worse for wear . The hospital sees dozens of cases each week of dogs ingesting foreign objects , and is trained to look for the symptoms of blockages -- typically lethargy , not eating and vomiting , Halpin said . They once saw a golden retriever who had stopped eating and found 43 pacifiers in her belly .  Apparently she was taking them from babies at the park .  And there was the 100-pound bull mastiff who ate his owner 's brie that was set out for a party -- along with the cheese knife . The night Mocha stayed in the hospital , a nervous Parkinson stayed awake reading stories about dogs ingesting watches and other objects . She found one article about a Newfoundland whose owner knew something was awry only when he heard an alarm go off from his dog 's belly . "  We 've taken every imaginable thing that could fit down the gullet of a dog out with surgery , " Halpin said . "  There 's some evolutionary traits that some dogs have that lead them to eat first and think later ... and some of them are so food motivated that anything with a scent could be associated with food , and they go for it . " Mocha likes to suck on fleece blankets and has been known to eat rubber ear buds or hair elastics , but nothing like a pile of jewelry , Parkinson said . Her breeder wondered if the dog was acting out of anxiety . That day , Parkinson had left Mocha in a different apartment the couple owns that the dog was n't as used to . The breeder told Parkinson that Dobermans are particularly known to get anxious and do these sort of things . "  She had a dog that actually consumed her whole dog bed , " Parkinson said . From now on , Parkinson said she will put Mocha in a crate if the dog will be staying somewhere new . Follow-up X-rays Monday on Mocha showed a few pieces of metal left , "  but they were moving along " and the vet expected her to pass them naturally . Parkinson said Friday Mocha was "  her playful , energetic , curious Doberman self . " But now that she thinks of it , the timing of this whole incident is a little suspicious . "  My husband was all excited about the new Apple watch , but could n't justify a reason to purchase it since he owned three watches , " she said . "  I am convinced that he and Mocha joined forces here to destroy all of his current watches in order to make room for Apple 's new watch . "	A Boston-area dog ate three of her owner 's wristwatches A veterinarian removed about 1 lb . of watch parts from her stomach Mocha the Doberman is now doing well
CNN  -- They may live on separate continents , in different countries with differing cultures , but the same message is being echoed by the world 's poor , according to a new report by aid agency Oxfam . Farmers in Uganda have little choice but to attempt to cultivate crops on arid land . The report , "  Suffering the Science , " tells the stories of people who are discovering to their detriment that long-held truths about seasons and rainfall no longer apply . "  I travel a lot and people are always saying to me , ` the seasons have changed , ' "  Oxfam chief executive Barbara Stocking told CNN . "  I think there 's a real sense of uncertainty . People have lost confidence . They have a very close relationship with the Earth , nature and climate and suddenly they 're finding that it does n't work anymore . " People such as Florence Madamu from western Uganda . "  The sun is prolonged until the end of September , " she told Oxfam . "  And whenever it rains it rains so heavily it destroys all our crops in the fields . You can plant a whole acre or two and come out with nothing . " July is a particularly harsh month in large swathes of Africa . It 's the peak hunger season and this year people are expected to be more vulnerable than usual following record high food prices in 2008 . Laborers are planting precious seeds in fields of dirt with no guarantee they 'll produce a harvest , while the conditions they 're working under are becoming more extreme . "  For me the big worry is that many of them do n't know why it 's happening so they ca n't actually help themselves prepare for the changes , " Stocking told CNN . "  We need to work with them to help them become more resilient -- whether it 's cyclones and weather-related disasters or whether it 's a long-term change . They need to be prepared for very different sorts of seasons now . " And for unfamiliar diseases . Higher temperatures are encouraging the migration of malaria and other vector-borne diseases into new areas where , in some cases , health authorities are ill-equipped to cope . Oxfam found Iha at her daughter 's bedside in a hospital in Indonesia . Twelve-year-old Laila was the second of her children to contract dengue fever at their home on the island of Java . "  They said that this is a new type of dengue fever , " Iha told Oxfam . "  She has already had 30 bags of infusion water . After nine days her condition is still not stable . " It is the stories of people such as Iha who are living with the consequences of climate change that Oxfam hopes will prompt action from leaders of developed nations who are meeting in L'Aquila , Italy this week . "  Ideally what we 'd like is the G8 countries to come out very clearly as to what their targets are for carbon emissions reductions by 2020 and the amounts of money needed , " Stocking said . "  It 's unlikely they 'll be as precise about that , " she conceded , adding , "  but we really need some good strong wording in the G8 communiqué about the recognition that for a deal to be done -LSB- in Copenhagen -RSB- , money will be needed for the poorest countries . " Talks in Copenhagen in December are being billed as an unmissable opportunity for developed and developing nations to agree a global plan to combat climate change . Stocking commended a proposal by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown to establish a $ 100 billion annual fund to help developing nations contend with climate change , but said closer to $ 150 billion was needed . Oxfam points out that 's about the same amount the U.S. government spent on bailing out insurance company AIG . While scientists warn that a cut of 40 percent in carbon emissions by 2020 is vital to avoid severe repercussions , developed nations have yet to commit to anything close . "  We need America to come forward much more positively , " Stocking said . "  It 's really got to stand up to the bar clearly if there 's going to be any deal . " "  We 're really pressing as well for the EU to come out much more clearly about what it will do it as a whole . "  There is n't even a Council of Minister 's meeting until October and that 's going to be far too late . There needs to be some serious meetings including heads of state very quickly now to get an agreement to put something very direct on the table , " she said .	Oxfam report tells the stories of people affected by climate change Report ` Suffering the Science ' catalogs challenges of world 's poor Stocking : "  People are always saying to me , ` the seasons have changed ' " Oxfam wants greater action on climate change from developed nations
She was called the Mexican Madonna and The Queen of Tejano Music . It 's hard to believe that it 's been 17 years since the singer Selena was murdered by Yolanda Saldivar . Selena , who was only 23 when she died , seemed poised for crossover success . Ironically Jennifer Lopez played Selena in a major motion picture of the same name and became a star when the movie opened at number one . In 1990 Chris Perez joined Selena 's band as a guitarist . The two soon began a clandestine relationship and were married in April , 1992 . Perez has written a book about his time with Selena called , "  To Selena , With Love , " which shows a different side to the singer . It 's a deeply personal and honest book that is sure to delight Selena fans . Perez recently spoke with CNN about his marriage , the singer 's death , and her legacy . CNN : Why did you decide to write this book ? Chris Perez : I thought enough time had passed . I was comfortable putting some of the stories and the memories that I had of Selena to paper . I had communicated with Selena 's fans on Facebook and the Internet and that had an impact on me and made me start thinking about it . Having done book signings and promoting the book the response has been incredible . Because I 've been quiet for so long , the book shines a different light on Selena and the fans have been very grateful for that . She was everywhere after she passed away , she was all over the TV and then there was the trial but the memories I had were my own . I was very protective of those . With this book I was able to show her in a different light , the woman off the stage . She was full of energy . She was only 23 when it all happened and not only did she have two boutiques up and running but was designing clothes as well as doing the whole entertainment thing . She was looking to open up more boutiques and starting a perfume line . She had so much ambition and the message she would give to the kids about how important education was and to stay off drugs . I mean that was the real deal . That was n't somebody just talking the talk . Read excerpts of the book on the In America blog CNN : You write of how unhappy her father was when he discovered you two were a couple . Perez : I think the main reason for that was it kind of hurt his pride and his ego to find out that he was the last to know and when things got tense and things were said by him , it hurt me that he was saying it but I did n't let it get to me because I knew deep down he knew the kind of person I was . CNN : What was the worst thing he said ? Perez : The worst thing he said to me was that I was like a cancer to his family . His family knew about us being together and was supportive ; when he said that it was like , ` C'mon ! ' CNN : You guys had a rough patch in the marriage and even talked about divorce . Perez : I think what it boiled down to is that we were young . We were married and together 24 hours a day , seven days a week . We had to learn how to handle that and that was both of us . It 's not like she brought up the idea and I was fighting it because honestly I was right there with her . We communicated with each other and when that came out on the table it was n't like I had n't thought of it myself . The more we talked about it and the more time went on , it was n't a long time , maybe a month , we ended up patching things up and making a promise that we would never let that happen again . It was Selena 's brother who actually opened her eyes . He said to her , ` You know Chris is going to move on . How are you going to feel if you see him with another woman ? ' And that 's when she was like , ` Oh no , that ai n't going to happen ! ' Shortly after that we patched things up . We started talking about a family . CNN : I 'm not judging you or Selena 's family but I never understood how you let her go and meet this woman who you already knew was trouble . Perez : Because we did n't think she was capable of doing what she did . CNN : Of course but you knew she was creepy . Perez : Yeah that 's why I was with her the night before . That was the night that other woman had planned on doing everything . I usually did n't let her leave without knowing where she was going but that particular morning as fate would have it , I was asleep and she got up early to pick up some paperwork that Yolanda had said she had found . I heard Selena but I did n't get up . I did n't know she was leaving . I thought maybe she was going to hang out with my Dad who had stayed over . I did n't even think to ask and then she was gone . CNN : Did you feel guilty after ? Perez : No , because I know I did all that I could . I was there at least two times where it could have happened but it did n't because I was there . Who knows even if I 'd been there on March 31 what could have happened the next day or the day after ? CNN : Do you think she would have found mainstream success ? Perez : She definitely had the work ethic and I think that 's the most important thing and of course the natural talent . You need the work ethic , the ambition , the right frame of mind , she had all of that . CNN : It 's amazing how popular she still is . Perez : When she passed away the outpouring of love and support that we got from the fans shocked us . We were n't prepared for that . So I thought I knew about it but then when this book came out the response that we 've gotten from that I 'm actually shocked again . I did n't realize that I was putting something out there that all those fans had been waiting for . The response has been crazy .	On March 31 , 17 years ago the singer Selena was murdered by Yolanda Saldivar In 1990 Chris Perez joined Selena 's band as a guitarist Perez has written a book about his time with Selena called , "  To Selena , With Love " He discusses the rough patch the pair endured
CNN  -- Those who live in fear today imagine that America is being overrun by foreign , disease-carrying , tax-sucking criminal hordes . They can not imagine that immigrants , whether documented or not , could ever contribute to our country . They refer to the children and families trying to cross the southern border as "  illegals . " But to quote John Lewis , who fought 50 years ago for civil rights and fights now for immigration reform , "  There is no such thing as an illegal human being . " Language matters . Words are expressions of power and identity . And even something as trivial as punctuation can say a lot about what it means to become American . For instance , I never hyphenate . As I explain in my new book "  A Chinaman 's Chance , " I call myself "  Chinese American " -- without a hyphen . American is the noun , Chinese the adjective . Or , rather , Chinese is one adjective . I am many kinds of American , after all : a politically active American , a short American , an earnest American , an educated American . This is not a quibble about grammar ; it 's a claim about the very act of claiming this country . The hyphenated form , "  Chinese-American , " to me signifies a transaction between two parties , as in Chinese-American diplomatic negotiation or Chinese-American commerce and trade . The hyphen implies a state of interchange across nations . It does not name a person , much less a citizen . For the same reason , I never really accepted the label that my immigrant parents attached to me and other second-generation kids : "  ABC , " or American-born Chinese . I understand why they used it . They had been formed in China . They were deeply culturally Chinese and as they tried to make their way in this country and raise kids , they hoped those kids would think of themselves the same way . We did n't , exactly . The second generation rarely does . While Chineseness was a deep influence on my palate and vocabulary and moral sensibility , I grew up in this land , an American . I went to Chinese school on Sundays , but I counted the minutes until I could get back to playing baseball with my best friend John . I was raised at home with a Chinese belief in family obligation and social propriety , but I was schooled everywhere else in an American spirit of individual invention and reinvention . Actually , my immigrant dad taught me this . He 's the one who introduced me to the noxious phrase , "  a Chinaman 's chance , " which since the 1850s had meant "  slim to no chance . " When he came here in the late 1950s , he decided , with his wry sense of humor , to reappropriate this slur . He would apply it playfully to commonplace situations , such as saying that the Yankees had "  a Chinaman 's chance " of making a ninth-inning comeback . That 's how I grew up . To call me "  American-born Chinese " is to make my birthplace and upbringing incidental rather than central . It is to imply that wherever a person of Chinese ethnicity may be born , he is not truly of that place ; he is just a sojourner , attached to a vast global web of Chinese . That 's not the way of our nation . In America , immigrants become American -- and by so doing , change America . The change is accelerating . We 've already become heavily Hispanic . Now -- to the surprise of many -- Asians have become America 's fastest-growing group . People who look like me can no longer be presumed foreign until proven otherwise . We are becoming the new face of the United States . In 1914 or 1814 , when Italians or Irish were coming in great waves  uninvited by government , by the way , and unsanctioned by law  , "  becoming American " meant assimilating to a white , WASP way . In 2014 , it means entering a vibrant and more complex omniculture that mixes the styles and memes of the entire world . This should n't be scary . It should be exciting . For what makes America enduringly great is precisely this ability to synthesize the best of the rest of the planet . That 's our edge -- as long as we do n't blow it . Yes , not blowing it includes taking illegal immigration seriously because borders do matter , and so does enforcing borders . But it primarily means keeping our eye on the bigger picture : that we are stronger when we are more inclusive and better when we activate our full diversity . Welcoming and integrating legal immigrants is therefore a necessity . So is creating a pathway to citizenship for our undocumented neighbors , friends and colleagues so that we do n't leave millions of people stuck in second-class limbo . There will never be a simple answer to the eternal American question , "  Who is ` us ' ? " But in this moment when jobs feel scarcer and life feels more zero-sum , we have to make a conscious choice to be bigger than our fears . That , without hyphens or hyperventilating , is the true American way .	Eric Liu : Words are expressions of power and identity , and even punctuation matters Liu : As I explain in my new book , I call myself "  Chinese American " -- without a hyphen He says the hyphenated "  Chinese-American " signifies a transaction between two parties Liu : Similarly , "  ABC , " or American-born Chinese , is also inadequate in its identity label
CNN  -- Captain Steven Gerrard scored the only goal from the penalty spot as Liverpool beat Manchester City 1-0 in Wednesday 's first leg of their English League Cup semifinal . Gerrard made no mistake with his 13th-minute spot-kick , after City defender Stefan Savic had fouled Daniel Agger in the area , to give Liverpool a narrow advantage to take into the second leg at Anfield in a fortnight . The winners will face either Crystal Palace or Cardiff City , who both play in the second-tier Championship , in next month 's final at Wembley Stadium . It was City 's second home defeat in three days , having been knocked out of the FA Cup by Manchester United on Sunday . It is in stark contrast to the club 's Premier League form , where the leaders have won all 10 matches played at the Etihad Stadium . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? City had a great chance to level in the second half when Sergio Aguero intercepted Martin Kelly 's poor back-pass , but goalkeeper Pep Reina narrowed the angle and the Argentina international fired over the bar . Aguero also squandered an opportunity from close range soon after , but his unmarked header failed to find the target . Meanwhile , Tottenham drew level with second-placed United in the Premier League , after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Everton on Wednesday left the London club three points behind City . The home side went ahead 10 minutes before halftime when England winger Aaron Lennon cut inside defender Leighton Baines and evaded Sylvain Distin 's challenge before coolly slotting home . Leftback Benoit Assou-Ekotto sealed victory in the 63rd minute when the Cameroon international slammed in a superb 30-yard drive for his first goal since August 2009 . The result lifted Tottenham eight points clear of fourth-placed London rivals Chelsea . Meanwhile , there was a shock result in the last 16 of the Italian Cup as Serie A title hopefuls Udinese lost 2-1 at home to Chievo . Udinese lie in third place in the league table having won eight and drawn the other of their nine home matches . However , substitute Cyril Thereau 's injury-time winner earned the visitors a quarterfinal trip to Siena . Roma booked a last-eight tie with second-placed Serie A side Juventus as Argentine midfielder Erik Lamela scored twice in a 3-0 home win over Fiorentina .	Liverpool defeat Manchester City 1-0 in the first leg of the English League Cup semifinal Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard scores the only goal with a first-half penalty It is City 's second successive home defeat after the FA Cup loss to Manchester United Tottenham level with Manchester United in Premier League after 2-0 win over Everton
CNN  -- Tina Fey and Amy Poehler must be in the business of making dreams come true . According to Showbiz411 , the friends and former "  Saturday Night Live " co-stars may reunite on the big screen in an upcoming comedy called "  The Nest . " Written by Paula Pell , the movie tells the story of two 30-something sisters who decide to throw one last raging party at their parents ' home before it 's sold , and through the process of bonding and fighting grow up along the way . Fey 's involvement in the project was announced in February when it was reported that she 's also going to be a producer . "  Pitch Perfect 's " Jason Moore will direct . At this point , Poehler is said to be in final negotiations for the project , but should she make it official she would also be an executive producer , according to The Hollywood Reporter . It goes without saying that the combination of Fey and Poehler generally leads to success . They played a mismatched would-be mother and surrogate in 2008 's "  Baby Mama " and were so popular after hosting the 2013 Golden Globes that the Hollywood Foreign Press Association signed them up for two more years . Fey and Poehler 's return the next year set a record as the most-watched Globes ceremony in 10 years .	Amy Poehler and Tina Fey may team up again for a new comedy , reports say The two would play sisters in "  The Nest " They co-starred with success in 2008 's "  Baby Mama " They 've also set a record as hosts of the Golden Globes
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Italian authorities are investigating the Vatican Bank over possible violations of money laundering regulations , the Bank of Italy told CNN Tuesday . Another Italian bank alerted Bank of Italy investigators to two Vatican Bank transactions that did not appear to comply with anti-money laundering requirements , the Bank of Italy said . When Bank of Italy investigators told legal authorities about the transactions , they were told that judicial authorities were already investigating the Vatican Bank , a source close to the investigation said . The Vatican said Tuesday that it is "  perplexed and baffled " by the public prosecutor 's actions and that the Holy See aims for "  complete transparency " in its financial operations . The Vatican said it has "  full trust " in Ettore Tedeschi , the head of the bank , which is officially known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione . The Vatican Bank is "  the most secret bank in the world , " money laundering expert Jeffrey Robinson said Tuesday . There is no way to find out how much money it controls , he said . The Vatican 's sources of income include its vast real estate holdings , explained Robinson , author of "  The Laundrymen . " "  They are huge , huge landholders , " he said . The Bank of Italy investigation was prompted by two wire transfers that the Vatican Bank asked Credito Artigiano to carry out , the Bank of Italy said . The Vatican Bank did not provide enough information about the transfers -- one for 20 million euros  about $ 26 million  and one for 3 million euros  about $ 4 million  -- to comply with the law , prompting the Bank of Italy to suspend them automatically , it said . Italian media reported that prosecutors had seized the $ 30 million . Prosecutors did not respond to requests for comment . It is not entirely clear how much legal authority Italian officials have over the Vatican Bank , since the Vatican is technically a sovereign state . An effort by Holocaust survivors to sue the Vatican Bank in the United States failed in 2009 when a U.S. court ruled that the Vatican Bank had "  sovereign immunity " and was not subject to lawsuits filed in the United States . A lawsuit against related entities is still in court . The Vatican Bank was created by an order of the pope "  to carry on activities that are for pious causes , " according to expert testimony related to the Holocaust suit . It accepts deposits only from top Catholic Church officials and entities , Settimio Caridi testified in U.S. District Court in 2006 . It uses its funds "  for designated pious purposes " and is "  an autonomous pious foundation , " he said . Caridi , a top Italian legal scholar , said the bank was an integral part of the Vatican , calling it a "  central entity under the oversight of the Holy See . " It is ultimately overseen by a commission of five cardinals -- the top position in the Vatican hierarchy below the pope -- which is headed by the Vatican secretary of state . The Vatican Bank is subject to particularly stringent anti-money laundering regulations because Italian law does not consider it to be operating within the European Union . It must supply more detailed information about transactions than European Union banks have to give . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome , Italy , and Richard Allen Greene in London , England , contributed to this report .	The Vatican Bank is "  the most secret bank in the world , " a money-laundering expert says Two transactions sparked questions and were automatically suspended The Bank of Italy says Italian authorities are investigating The Vatican is "  perplexed and baffled " by the probe and says it aims for full transparency
CNN  -- Brazil 's most influential modern architect Oscar Niemeyer , whose resume includes the United Nations building in New York , passed away on Wednesday . He was 104 . Niemeyer spent the last month in a hospital in Rio de Janeiro in frail health , according to his doctor Fernando Gjorup . Neimeyer died after suffering respiratory complications , Gjorup told reporters . Niemeyer was one of Brazil 's geniuses , said Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff . "  We have to dream , or else things wo n't happen , " Rousseff said , using one of Niemeyer 's famous sayings . "  Few have dreamed so intensely and accomplished so many things like him . " The president offered the presidential palace , one of Niemeyer 's well known designs , to his wife for his wake . Eduardo Paes , the mayor for Rio de Janeiro , has declared official mourning for three days . "  He was  one of the greatest geniuses that Brazil gave the world , Oscar Niemeyer was more than a brilliant and innovative architect . He defied logic and twisted ways to create true works of art , " Paes said . Born and raised in Rio , Niemeyer was an early master of modern architecture in Brazil , a fingerprint that became clear after he was commissioned alongside his mentor Lucio Costa to design Brazil 's new capital , Brasilia . Niemeyer "  incorporated curves and raw , unfinished materials " with a "  balance between horizontal and vertical buildings , rectangular volumes , " the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization said . Brasilia is a World Heritage Site . Among his other works are the presidential palace , the ministry of justice building and the presidential chapel . In Rio , his sinuous curves inspired the works of many poets , writers and songwriters . He designed the Sambadrome , where the samba schools hold their parades every year . In Sao Paulo , he worked with a landscape architect to build one of the largest city parks in Latin America , the Ibirapuera Park . Paes summed up what many felt when he said "  Brazil and the world lost today a man who dedicated his entire life to produce beauty . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	He was one of Brazil 's geniuses , the nation 's president says He was 104 The mayor of Rio de Janeiro called for three days of mourning
CNN  -- Stanislas Wawrinka used to refer to himself as "  the Swiss tennis player who loses . " But no longer . While the 29-year-old has spent most of his career in the shadow of his friend Roger Federer , the most successful male player of the modern era , the 2014 season has brought a new world order . Not only has Wawrinka won his maiden major at January 's Australian Open -- earning him the new moniker of "  Grand Slam Stan " -- but he has now ticked off another box after claiming his first Masters title . The celebrations were muted on Sunday as he and Federer hugged over the net in Monte Carlo , but deep inside Wawrinka was buzzing after coming from behind to triumph 4-6 7-6  7-5  6-2 against the 17-time grand slam champion . Such is their close relationship , it had been dubbed "  the friendly final " as Federer went into the match with a 13-1 advantage in their meetings . "  It 's amazing for me . It 's always special to play against Roger , my best friend and the best player ever . It 's always difficult to play him , especially in the final , " Wawrinka told CNN World Sport after claiming the $ 550,000 first prize . The 1,000 ranking points that came with it will put him top of the Race to London standings for the season-ending championships . "  I 'm really , really happy with my match today . I did a great job and I 'm enjoying it a lot , " added Wawrinka , who received the trophy from Monaco 's Prince Albert and Princess Charlene . Not only did he beat his Davis Cup teammate , on Saturday the world No. 3 also defeated sixth seed David Ferrer -- who upset top-ranked Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals . "  I 'm really confident with my game . I know that I can beat all the players , " said Wawrinka , who appeared to step up a gear after a brief rain delay at 3-2 up in the second set . "  I did an amazing job this week , beating some amazing players . Physically , when I 'm at my best , I have a chance to beat all those guys . "  I 'm going to enjoy this , I think that 's important . It feels great , winning on clay , winning against Roger , it 's really special . " With Nadal 's invincibility on clay seemingly having slipped a little , and second-ranked Novak Djokovic awaiting a scan on the injured wrist that hampered him in Saturday 's semifinal defeat by Federer , it leaves the way open for Wawrinka to contemplate further success at the upcoming French Open . Federer 's participation at Roland Garros is in some doubt as he awaits the birth of his third child , but the former world No. 1 can take some heart from his showing in the principality despite losing the final there for the fourth time . "  Of course , I 'm very happy for Stan , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  To take the opportunities when they 're there , that 's key in a tennis player 's career . "  I think it 's one of the those finals that I could have won . But Stan was tougher at the end . I think he deserved it just a little bit more . " Meanwhile , Germany will face the Czech Republic in the final of the women 's Fed Cup teams competition in November . The Germans will contest the title match for the first time in 22 years after taking an unassailable 3-0 lead against Australia in Brisbane on Sunday as Angelique Kerber beat former U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur 4-6 6-0 6-4 . The home team then won the dead doubles rubber , as Kerber and teammate Andrea Petkovic prepared for the long flight back home for this week 's WTA Tour event in Stuttgart . The Czechs crushed defending champions Italy 4-0 , with former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova clinching a home final as she won the third singles rubber 6-3 7-5 against Roberta Vinci . Klara Koukalova and Andrea Hlavackova then won the doubles , avenging last year 's 3-1 semifinal defeat by Italy . Also on Sunday , Croatia 's Donna Vekic became the youngest player to win a WTA Tour title in eight years as she upset Australian Open runner-up Dominika Cibulkova at the Malaysian Open . The 17-year-old won 5-7 7-5 7-6  7-4  against the top seed in her third top-level final . She is two months older than Vania King was when the American won a 2006 tournament in Bangkok .	Stanislas Wawrinka denies Roger Federer his first title in Monte Carlo World No. 3 beats his friend for only the second time in 15 clashes Wawrinka comes from behind to triumph in Sunday 's final Germany will play Czech Republic in the final of women 's Fed Cup
CNN  -- New York City is appealing a federal judge 's finding that the police department 's stop-and-frisk searches violate the constitutional rights of minorities , according to documents filed Friday in a Manhattan court . The city filed its notice of appeal after U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin ruled that changes must be made to the policy because it unlawfully targets blacks and Hispanics . NYPD report : Most of those ` stopped and frisked ' are minorities The city intends to follow up its notice of appeal by asking for a stay of the judge 's order that was issued Monday , said Kate O'Brien Ahlers , a spokeswoman for the city 's Law Department . Scheindlin , ruling on a class-action lawsuit , found that the police department 's policy violated plaintiffs ' Fourth Amendment rights barring unreasonable searches , based on statistics showing police made at least 200,000 stops from 2004 to June 2012 without reasonable suspicion . She also found evidence of racial profiling , violating plaintiffs ' 14th Amendment rights guaranteeing equal protection . "  We think the judge could not be more wrong , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in his weekly radio address Friday on the "  John Gambling Show " on WABC . The police department had said that the policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- is used to deter crime . NYPD officers say they had stop-and-frisk quotas The lawsuit , filed in 2008 , went to trial for nine weeks this spring . The lead plaintiff in the case was David Floyd , a medical student who was stopped twice -- once in the middle of the afternoon when he was in front of his home in the Bronx , according to the suit . N.Y. judge halts ` stop-and-frisk ' tactic outside Bronx building Coupling this week 's ruling with a similar decision in January , Scheindlin ordered that the policy be altered so that stops are based on reasonable suspicion and in a racially neutral manner . She appointed Peter Zimroth , a former chief assistant district attorney in Manhattan , to develop and oversee near-term reforms , including changes to the NYPD 's policies and training . She also called for the creation of a pilot project where NYPD patrol officers in five precincts -- one per borough -- must wear video cameras . The chosen precincts would be those with the most stops in 2012 . "  The recordings should ... alleviate some of the mistrust that has developed between the police and the black and Hispanic communities , " and "  will be equally helpful to members of NYPD who are wrongly accused of inappropriate behavior , " Scheindlin wrote . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly called Scheindlin 's finding of racial profiling "  disturbing and offensive . " "  We do not engage in racial profiling . It is prohibited by law , " Kelly said earlier this week . "  We train our officers that they need reasonable suspicion to make a stop , and I can assure you that race is never a reason to conduct a stop . " Bloomberg said the policy was one of a number of programs that helped the city 's murder rate drop -- it 's 50 % below the rate when he took office nearly 12 years ago , he said . Read more : Chicago , New York officers spar over stop-and-frisk policy CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	A federal judge ruled the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk searches violate the rights of minorities "  We think the judge could not be more wrong , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg says The city intends to follow up its appeal by asking for a stay of judge 's order , an official says
CNN  -- Search and rescue teams on Friday were trying to reach an airplane that crashed with 18 people aboard in the mountains of western Indonesia , an air transportation official said . Air traffic controllers lost contact with the airplane Thursday morning shortly after it took off from the Medan Polonia Airport in North Sumatra . It was bound for the Kutacane district in Aceh province when it crashed in the mountains in North Sumatra , said Henry Bakti , Indonesia 's director general for air transportation . The plane was spotted during an aerial search , and it appeared to be largely intact , Bakti told reporters . The condition of the passengers , including two children and two infants , was not immediately known , he said . Nusantara Buana Air owns the plane , which operates nine planes and services destinations in Aceh from the Medan Polonia and Banda Aceh airports . Airplanes are the primary mode of transportation between Indonesia 's scattered islands . In May , a plane that crashed off the coast of Kaimana killed at least 15 people . Indonesia 's poor aviation record has led the European Union and the United States to blacklist a number of the country 's small airlines , including Nusantara Buana Air . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	The airplane carrying 14 people crashed in the mountains in North Sumatra , an air official says The flight was bound for the Aceh province when it crashed Two children and two infants are among the passengers , the official says An aerial search spotted the plane , which appeared to be largely intact
CNN  -- Australia continued to dominate the Commonwealth Games with another golden haul in India on Friday , as swimmer Alicia Coutts picked up her fourth winner 's medal and cyclist Cameron Meyer claimed his third . The country , which hosted the Games four years ago , ended day five of competition with 98 medals overall -- 47 golds , 24 silver and 27 bronze . India , for whom shooters Gagan Narang and Omkar Singh won their third titles of the week , were second on 20 golds , 16 silver and 12 bronze . England has the second-most overall medals with 76 , but only 19 of them are gold -- despite claiming another seven on Friday , including victories for swimming stars Rebecca Adlington , Liam Tancock and James Goddard . While double Olympic champion Adlington , Goddard and Tancock each claimed second golds in the 800m freestyle , 200m individual medley and 100m backstroke respectively , it was again Australia 's day in the pool . The 23-year-old Coutts added 4x100m freestyle relay gold to her three individual titles -- which all came in different disciplines -- as the Australians set a new Games record of 3:36.36 in retaining their title . Leisel Jones completed a breaststroke double for the third successive time with victory in the 100m , becoming only the third woman to win nine golds since the Games began 80 years ago . The 25-year-old saw Yolane Kukla -- a decade younger than her -- win the 50m freestyle , while Sophie Edington retained her 50m backstroke title . Meagen Nay , who withdrew during last year 's world championships due to the death of her brother and whose late father was a Commonwealth champion in 1974 , won the 200m backstroke . Her teammate Geoff Huegill also set a new record time in winning the men 's 100m butterfly , which he also won 12 years ago before retiring in 2004 . Cycling Meyer helped Australia win two of the three track golds on offer for 12 out of 14 overall as he took out the men 's 25km scratch race from compatriot Michael Freiberg as he matched the feat of teammate Anna Meares . Australia also won the team sprint , but New Zealander Alison Shanks claimed gold in the women 's 3,000 m pursuit ahead of Northern Ireland 's Wendy Houvenaghel . Wrestling India 's wrestlers had another successful day , with two golds and a silver in the women 's divisions . Anita won the 67kg class and Alka Tomar claimed victory in the 59kg . Shooting India also won three golds in the shooting , with world No. 17 Singh triumphant in the men 's 10m air rifle singles final . Narang , ranked third in the world , was again successful in the 50m rifle three positions event along with partner Imran Hasan Khan , setting a new Games best points tally . Vijay Kumar won the 25m rapid fire pistol -- India 's 10th shooting gold , and 18th medal in the sport . Track and field Amantle Montsho won Botswana 's historic first gold medal with victory in the women 's 400m in a Games record time of 50.10 seconds , heading off Nigeria 's Folashade Abugan and Guyuna 's Tabitha Pompey . She took advantage of the absence of Olympic champion Christine Ohuruogo and Jamaica 's Shericka Simpson , Novlene Williams-Mills and Kaliese Spencer from the field . Kenya dominated the women 's distance events , with Olympic champion Nancy Langat winning the 1,500 m in a record time of 4:05.26 from New Zealand 's Nikki Hamblin and Scotland 's Stephanie Twell . Grace Momanyi won the 10,000 m from Doris Changeywo in the absence of their world champion compatriot Linet Masai , with India 's Kavita Raut claiming bronze . European champion Andy Turner won the men 's 110m hurdles title from fellow English runners William Sharman and Lawrence Clarke . Jamaica 's Trecia Smith retained her triple jump title , while Canada 's Jamie Adjetey-Nelson was a dominant winner of the men 's decathlon . Field hockey South Africa 's men 's team joined New Zealand with two wins in Pool B , but have played one more game following the 5-3 victory against pointless Trinidad and Tobago . Malaysia picked up a first win from three in Pool A , beating bottom team Scotland 2-0 . In the women 's competition , New Zealand reached the semifinals after stunning top seeds England 4-1 in Pool B , where Canada kept their slim hopes alive with a 2-1 win over Wales . Defending champions Australia were surprisingly held 1-1 by South Africa , leaving both teams on seven points in Pool B , where India thrashed Trinidad and Tobago 7-0 to stay in contention .	Australian swimmer Alicia Coutts claims her fourth gold medal of Commonwealth Games Cyclist Cameron Meyer wins his third as Australia race ahead in medals table Three English swimmers claim second golds , but Australia dominates in the pool Hosts India have continued success in shooting and wrestling events
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Vance McAllister , R-Louisiana , now known as the "  Kissing Congressman " after the married father of five was caught on surveillance tape making out with a staffer who is also married , says his affair , despite his Christian conservative political platform , will not sideline his new political career . He said he will run for reelection unless "  an outcry " of opposition persuades him not to . The fate of cheating politicians is a mixed bag . Some survive and some do n't . Bill Clinton survived . Anthony Weiner and numerous other members of Congress did not , forced to resign or not seek reelection . But this story is n't about them . It 's about the women who are the other half of politicians ' extramarital affairs . And in many instances , when high-profile politicians cheat , their mistresses have a harder time recovering . Here 's a look at where some of them are now : Melissa Hixon Peacock : The latest "  other woman " in a political affair is the staffer caught kissing McAllister . While McAllister maintains he will finish out his term , Peacock no longer has her job as his district scheduler . Her husband , Heath Peacock , told CNN that McAllister "  wrecked his life " and marriage . Monica Lewinsky : She might be the most famous political mistress . Since her affair with Clinton , Lewinsky is attempting to live a normal life , her former publicist told CNN recently . Years later , Lewinsky is still "  trying " to live a normal life . After a brief stint in the spotlight after Clinton 's impeachment , the former White House intern has lived in relative obscurity . Rielle Hunter : One-time vice presidential nominee John Edwards has moved on since his 2008 affair with Hunter broke up his marriage , sunk his presidential campaign and bore a child . He recently started practicing law again . Hunter , on the other hand , has not had the same good fortune . She recently released an updated version of the book about the affair in which she apologizes for her behavior -- that included writing a book that "  hurt more people . " Cynthia Hampton : She was involved with former Nevada Sen. John Ensign . Both Cynthia and her husband , Doug , worked for Ensign . After he fired them in 2008 , while the affair was going on , he paid them nearly $ 100,000 and found lobbying work for Doug Hampton . Ensign resigned from his Senate post three weeks before an ethics report was to be released and has gone back to his life as a veterinarian in Las Vegas , where he said he has been "  humbled . " "  I used to own this practice , now I 'm working for somebody . That 's sometimes a very healthy thing to happen in life , " Ensign told CNN 's Dana Bash last year . As for Hampton , the Las Vegas Review Journal reported in 2011 that she filed for bankruptcy , left Las Vegas and moved to California to work for a Christian organization . But not all affairs end badly for the woman involved : Maria Belen Chapur : She is the Argentinian woman with whom former South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford was with when he disappeared for four days in 2011 . Sanford and his wife split but his political career recovered . He won election to his former House seat in 2012 . And his mistress is no longer his mistress but his fiance . She spends some time in Argentina still and is a columnist for a news website in Argentina . Her last entry was from December . The ups and downs of a political sex scandal	In infidelity scandals , the woman 's life often does n't turn out as well as the politician 's Vance McAllister 's mistress is no longer working for the congressman McAllister says he plans to remain in public life after scandal emerged
CNN  -- Two months before her death , former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto sent an e-mail to her U.S. adviser and longtime friend , saying that if she were killed , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would bear some of the blame . Bhutto was assassinated after the campaign rally , seen here , Thursday . She cited his government 's denial of her request for additional security measures after the October suicide bombing that targeted her upon returning to Pakistan from exile . "  Nothing will , God willing happen , " she wrote to Mark Siegel , her U.S. spokesman , lobbyist and friend . "  Just wanted u to know if it does in addition to the names in my letter to Musharaf of Oct 16nth , I wld hold Musharaf responsible . I have been made to feel insecure by his minions and there is no way what is happening in terms of stopping me from taking private cars or using tinted windows or giving jammers or four police mobiles to cover all sides cld happen without him . " Bhutto was seeking to become prime minister for a third time when she was assassinated ; her death comes exactly two weeks before Pakistan 's January 8 parliamentary elections . Watch Siegel describe her concern and the reaction of Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador " Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , Mahmud Ali Durrani , on Thursday insisted Musharraf 's government provided the former prime minister with unprecedented security . He said that terrorists and extremists , who also have targeted Musharraf , were the only ones responsible for her death . Watch a report on security provided to Bhutto " Bhutto wrote the e-mail on October 26 , eight days after at least 130 people were killed and hundreds more wounded in Karachi by the suicide bombing that occurred as Bhutto 's motorcade passed . Siegel forwarded that e-mail to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , with instructions he not report on it unless Bhutto was killed . Just before returning to Pakistan after eight years of self-imposed exile , Bhutto told CNN she was aware of threats against her and said that some had come from people who hold "  high positions " in Pakistan 's government . She said she had written a letter to Musharraf about her fears , apparently the same letter she refers to in her e-mail to Siegel . In a speech , she listed four groups she believed posed the biggest threat to her and her cause -- the Taliban in Pakistan , the Taliban in Afghanistan , al Qaeda and a suicide team from Karachi that she did not describe . After the October bombing , she accused elements in the government and security services of trying to kill her and asked Musharraf for "  basic security , " including vehicles with tinted windows and private guards in addition to police guards . Three United States senators repeated the request in a letter to Musharraf . Bhutto was concerned by the lack of security she had upon her arrival in Karachi and called the October 18 bombing "  very suspicious , " Siegel said . He accused Pakistani authorities of not investigating the assassination attempt and of refusing Bhutto 's request for Scotland Yard and the FBI to aid in the investigation . Bhutto and her husband had asked for jammers to impede the detonation of bombs ; special vehicles with tinted windows ; and four police vehicles to surround her at all times , Siegel said . "  She basically asked for all that was required for someone of the standing of a former prime minister , " Siegel told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  All of that was denied to her . ... She got some police protection , but it was sporadic and erratic . " Bhutto was concerned the problem was worsening as the January elections neared , Siegel said . At the time of the October suicide bombing , Bhutto was riding in a truck from Karachi 's airport to the tomb of Mohammed Ali Jinnah , founder of Pakistan . She had moved from the roof to inside the bulletproof , armed vehicle just moments before the blast and was unharmed . CNN 's Dan Rivers , in Karachi to cover her return to Pakistan , remarked at the time that her security appeared to be loose , saying his crew was able to walk up to the side of her vehicle without being stopped by authorities . Durrani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , insisted security surrounding Bhutto then was more than adequate . "  There were , I think , a sea of security people , " he said . "  She was surrounded by police vehicles . And had it not been one of the police vehicles which took the blast in Karachi , unfortunately she would have died there . "  There was a bubble around her of security . The PPP -LSB- People 's Party of Pakistan , Bhutto 's party -RSB- insisted that they have their own private loyalists around . They were there too . And there were about 7,800 to 8,000 security people deployed just for that , " Durrani said . "  That is more security than anybody deploys anywhere in the world . " "  She was moving almost in a sea of humanity , " Durrani said . "  No system in the world can protect you against that . " Bhutto "  is not a security person , " he said . "  She 's a politician . I think the government of Pakistan provided her all the security that was necessary . You tell me -- the way she was hit , she would have been hit with tinted windows or without , or without the IED ... so it 's just a blame game . " After the October attack , Bhutto said police offered to let her use a helicopter for the trip from the airport , but she told them she wanted to be near her people . She said she did not regret that decision . "  She believed in democracy , and she believed in speaking to the people , " Siegel said . "  It 's not reckless to go out and touch the people . Do n't blame the victim for the crime . The person that was supposed to be protecting Benazir Bhutto and the other candidates was the government of Pakistan with the government of Pervez Musharraf . " Blitzer noted that Bhutto was shot Thursday while standing out of her vehicle 's sunroof -- seen by some as a a reckless action after the October incident . Getty Images senior staff photographer John Moore , who was at the scene of her assassination , told CNN he was surprised at Bhutto 's actions , considering the earlier suicide attempt . The rally was smaller than expected , he said , and the people he spoke with said they "  were just afraid to come out , for the simple reason that they all remembered what happened in Karachi . " Siegel grew emotional as he told Blitzer that Bhutto was "  the bravest person I ever knew . ... She knew that there were risks coming back , but those risks were important , she thought , for the fight for democracy . " E-mail to a friend	Bhutto wrote e-mail on October 26 , eight days after deadly suicide bombing Before returning to Pakistan , Bhutto told CNN she was aware of threats Lack of security worried Bhutto upon her arrival in Karachi , adviser Siegel says Bhutto was concerned problem was worsening as elections neared , Siegel says
The world comes to New York this week , accompanied by baggage full of crises . It 's the 69th annual United Nations General Assembly special debate , and it has not been a peaceful year . The 120-plus presidents and prime ministers maneuvering through New York City traffic will be grappling with issues such as ISIS , Ebola and Ukraine in their public speeches and private diplomacy . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said , "  the world is facing multiple crises . Each has its own dynamics and requires its own approach . " There are 193 states in the United Nations . However , it 's what the President of the United States does and says that tends to dominate the proceedings . President Barack Obama will be here for 48 hours . Not enough time to solve the world 's problems . The U.S. leader 's top priority will be terrorism . A Security Council meeting he will chair on ISIS and the threat posed by foreign fighters is a centerpiece of U.S. efforts here . The United States is hoping to get unanimous approval for a legally binding resolution compelling countries to crack down on their citizens departing to join ISIS and other militant groups and block them from returning to threaten their native countries using passports already granted . Obama is likely to focus his Wednesday morning speech to the General Assembly on ISIS and call for the world to come to the aid of a new under threat Iraqi government . What is ISIS ? It 's a different tone regarding the United States , the United Nations and Iraq . President George W. Bush was not cheered in the General Assembly after the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Now , France is aggressively on the side of Washington . The usually quarreling big powers in the Security Council can find common ground against a common enemy . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told the Security Council on Friday , "  I do n't need to remind anyone here that the last two times the eyes of the world were focused on Iraq was when its government was in confrontation with the international community , with great consequences . Today , however , we come together in support of the new Iraqi government . " A health menace also on the minds of world leaders is Ebola . Leaders of some of the most affected countries will be attending . U.N. authorities are counting on the African countries to provide screening of travelers heading to the General Assembly summit . Obama and other world leaders will plot further strategies at a Thursday session on Ebola . Never before has a health issue prompted U.N. emergency sessions and a fast-paced , urgent response to slow Ebola 's spread that still requires more money , doctors and anti-Ebola supplies . 9 things to know about Ebola Ukraine and Russia tensions may have eased , but fears remain among many leaders regarding Russia 's future intentions . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko will appeal to the General Assembly to not let Ukraine stand alone . President Vladimir Putin of Russia is not attending . U.S. and Russian ambassadors to the United Nations once again exchanged sharp criticism of each country 's position on the downing of Malaysia Flight 17 in a public U.N. meeting Friday . Under the radar but not in terms of importance is climate change . Ban Ki-moon feels it 's the No. 1 crisis overall . On Tuesday , he will lead a special day of focus on climate . Obama will speak a day ahead of his traditional General Assembly remarks . However , the leaders of India and China -- two countries that advocates say could do more to limit carbon emissions -- are not expected to attend on climate day , though will be represented by ministers . Climate change : ` I 'm on the front lines of the crisis ' Making a titanic appearance on the rostrum of the Assembly will be actor Leonardo DiCaprio , an environmental activist and named last week as a U.N. messenger of peace . It 's always hard to measure the success of one of these international talkfests . Several foreign ministers have said it 's like "  speed-dating diplomacy " -- five minutes with this country , five minutes with that government minister . Kerry reminded the Security Council on Friday that good diplomacy requires patience . If it is indeed international speed dating , then expect lots of frustration while praying for a successful outcome .	Expect ISIS and Ebola to be major topics at this week 's General Assembly special debate Climate change is set to be the top focus on Tuesday Ukraine will make an appeal to the United Nations not to let it stand alone Leonardo DiCaprio , a U.N. messenger of peace , plans to to attend
CNN  -- Liverpool shrugged off conceding an early goal to beat Turkish side Trabzonspor 2-1 and qualify for the group stages of the Europa League with a 3-1 aggregate victory . Minus star players Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres , Liverpool saw their 1-0 first leg advantage wiped out in just four minutes in Turkey when Colombian international Teofilo Gutierrez put Trabzonspor ahead . But Roy Hodgson 's side drew level seven minutes from time as Trabzonspor 's Giray Kacar turned a Glen Johnson cross into his own net . Dirk Kuyt , at fault for the first goal , then added as second in the 88th minute when goalkeeper Onur Kivrak could only push out Joe Cole 's shot into the Dutchman 's path . "  A lot of people have said a lot of things about my future , but for me it is at Liverpool . I like it here at the club and I want to stay here and win things , " Kuyt told Sky Sports . He has been linked with a reunion with former Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez at Inter Milan . It was a welcome boost for Liverpool after their 3-0 thrashing by Manchester City , who also reached the group stages with a 2-0 home win over Romanian side FC Timisoara at Eastlands , going through 3-0 on aggregate . Shaun Wright-Phillips and Dedryck Boyata scored the goals for City . But there was more disappointment for a third English Premier League side as Aston Villa , thrashed 6-0 at the weekend by Newcastle , lost 3-2 at home to Austrian side Rapid Vienna . Villa went out of the competition to the same opponents last year and had expected to reverse that result after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg . Juventus , who like Liverpool and Villa are former European champions , eased through with a 1-0 home win over Sturm Graz of Austria in Turin after leading 2-1 from the away leg . But it was a disastrous night for Scottish clubs with Celtic crashing 4-0 away to FC Utrecht with Ricky van Wolfswinkel scoring a hat-trick . Celtic had led 2-0 from the first leg . Dundee United lost out to Greek side AEK Athens and Motherwell exited to Odense of Denmark .	Liverpool concede early goal in Turkey but beat Trabzonspor to reach Europa League Big-spending Manchester City also qualify for group stages Aston Villa crash out again to Austrian side Rapid Vienna but Juventus through
CNN  If you thought Simon Cowell was mean , wait till you hear what this judging duo had to say on New Zealand 's spinoff of the popular singing contest "  X Factor " on Sunday . Married couple Natalia Kills and Willy Moon , who both were on the judging panel of the show , slammed the 25-year-old contestant Joe Irvine , after his rendition of Michael Buble 's "  Cry Me A River . " But it was n't how he sang that ticked them off . "  I 'm disgusted at how much you 've copied my husband , from the hair to the suit , " said Kills , referring to Irvine 's new makeover for the show . "  You 're a laughing stock . It 's cheesy , it 's disgusting ... you make me sick , " the British singer added . Her husband Willy Moon called him "  creepy " and likened him to Norman Bates , the killer in the horror film , "  Psycho . " Mediaworks , the owner of the New Zealand television channel TV3 , which airs the show , has decided to sack the duo for their scathing remarks . "  Last night on X Factor both Kills and Moon made comments that were completely unacceptable , " said Mark Weldon , Mediaworks chief executive . "  We no longer have confidence that Kills and Moon are the right people to perform the role of X Factor judges and they will leave the show , effective immediately , " Weldon said in a statement on TV3 's website . The couple 's comments sparked outrage on Twitter . In just a day , 77,534 people signed a petition to kick the duo off the show . TV3 was quick to respond , saying that it does not condone "  bullying . " Irvine , who handled the comments calmly on stage , tweeted a smiling photo and thanked his supporters . Kills and Moon did not directly respond to the accusations , but Kills tweeted , thanking her fans for understanding her "  passionate opinions . " The native singer , Moon , who rose to fame after his song was featured in an Apple ad , was lambasted in the media earlier this week . He reportedly used abusive language at a woman in a bakery in Auckland over a parking space brawl . TV3 apologized on his behalf , saying he regretted the incident and his language , but Moon has distanced himself from the statement on social media . Thankfully , it is n't up to the judges whether or not Irvine makes it to the next round -- voters will decide his fate on Monday night 's results show where fellow judges Stan Walker and All Saints singer Melanie Blatt will continue to appear . Two new judges will be announced before next week 's show . CNN 's Tim Hume contributed to this report .	Singing contest judges Natalia Kills and Willy Moon have been sacked for their scathing remarks to a contestant The married couple called the singer "  disgusting " and "  creepy " on live television in New Zealand Over 77,000 people signed a petition to kick the judging duo off the show
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Tyler Perry has , for the first time , revealed graphic details about the sexual , physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child . "  I 'm tired of holding this in , " Tyler Perry wrote on his Web site , " ... so I 've decided to give some away . " Perry recounts in a message posted on his Web site and in an e-mail to fans that a prescreening of the film "  Precious , " due out later this year , dislodged "  some raw emotions and brought me to some things and places in my life that I needed to deal with but had long forgotten . It brought back memories so strong that I can smell and taste them . " Perry is an executive producer of the movie , which tells the tale of Claireece "  Precious " Jones , an illiterate , obese 16-year-old girl from Harlem who is emotionally and physically abused . The 40-year-old producer says he can identify with the character , and he recalls a number of incidents from his childhood . Emmitt Perry Sr. , a construction worker , uttered profane insults at him and relentlessly beat and belittled him , Perry says . The random , violent beatings were commonplace until Perry was 19 , he said . "  You ... jackass ! You got book sense but you ai n't got no ... common sense , " he quotes his father as saying . "  I heard this every day of my childhood , " says Perry . Attempts to reach Emmitt Perry Sr. for comment were unsuccessful . Tyler Perry was born Emmitt Perry Jr. but changed his name to distance himself from his father . One night when his mother was gone , Perry says , his drunken father "  got the vacuum cleaner extension cord and trapped me in a room and beat me until the skin was coming off my back . " Perry says that while at a playmate 's house when he was about 10 years old , his friend 's scantily clad mother locked the friend in the bathroom and told Perry to leave . "  I was at the front door trying to get out , when she came in and laid on the sofa and asked me if I wanted the key . I told her I had to go home as it was getting dark . "  She put the key inside of herself and told me to come get it , pulling me on top of her , " Perry writes on his site . Perry said he was sickly as a child , and that made his father angry . His grandmother contended the family was wasting money on allergy shots . She said Perry had germs on him . One day when Perry 's mother was away , he said , his grandmother decided "  to kill those germs on me once and for all . She gave me a bath in ammonia . " The violence in the home caused Perry 's mother to pack up the car with him and his sisters and drive from Louisiana to California . Her husband reported the car stolen , and the family members went to jail until the father came to get them . Perry said his father beat his mother all the way home . The producer said he got through by turning to God , and he forgave his tormentors to help himself heal . Perry , who previously has spoken publicly in more general terms about his childhood abuse , explains his latest revelations this way : "  I 'm tired of holding this in . I do n't know what to do with it anymore , so I 've decided to give some away . " In October 2008 , he told Ebony magazine : "  I tell people , if you 're thinking about suicide , all that stuff I 've attempted and thought about it . If you think about it , life gets better . The key to life when it gets tough is to keep moving . Just keep moving . " Perry also is the writer , director and actor in boisterous comedies such as "  Madea 's Family Reunion " and "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself . "	Tyler Perry said seeing "  Precious " brought back memories of abuse Perry , who co-produced the film , wrote a blog entry about "  raw emotions " it stirred Turning to God helped him forgive and heal , Perry says "  Precious " is about an illiterate , obese Harlem girl who is abused
CNN  -- Making it to the top in one of the toughest and most fickle industries in the world , that of fashion design , requires a careful balance of knowing your own essence and giving the public what they expect . That 's according to Paco Rabanne 's Artistic Director Lydia Maurer , who claims one of the greatest challenges of being a designer is staying true to oneself while at the same time listening to comments from critics , journalists and clients , without getting pulled off course by them . "  It 's important to listen to it , but it 's important to still stay yourself , " she says . "  Because as soon as you start losing your essence , you start becoming uninteresting . And I think that 's what 's the biggest challenge . " Read more : Bolshoi Prima ballerina 's grace under pressure The 29-year-old replaced Indian designer Manish Arora as Women 's Ready-to-Wear Artistic Director at the French fashion house in June . She began her career at Studio BerÃ § ot in Paris , then took up an internship at Yves Saint Laurent , before joining Martine Sitbon , helping her establish her private line Rue de Mail , followed by a few seasons at Givenchy . Maurer , who has just shown her debut spring/summer 2013 collection for Paco Rabanne at Paris Fashion Week , was born in Germany to a German father and a Colombian mother and at the age of three moved to Mexico . She spent her childhood traveling widely across South America before settling in Paris . She sees herself as a mix of her German side , the designer who thinks about utility and shape and her South American side , which is more instinctive and into meshing together textures and colors . The biggest reward , she says , is creating a collection that persists after the fashion show and seeing that people really want to wear the clothes and the garments do not live on the rack . Read more : Boxing 's first female Olympic gold medalist : ' I thought I could n't continue ' Here she talks to CNN 's Human to Hero about her childhood interest in fashion , her career to date and the challenges that she faces in her new job . On her childhood interest in fashion ... When I was a child I was always very interested in images , in materials and textures . I just tended to put them in a bag that I would always carry with me , and I would stitch them together or , like , staple them together and make sort of fabrics out of them . I felt that since my childhood I 've always loved doing this , and it 's what I do naturally -- I mean , I do n't need to make an effort to do it . On the influence of living in South America ... . I traveled a lot so I would just soak in a lot of feelings , a lot of colors ... and I 've always been somebody who likes to record things , so I would ... start taking pictures and making drawings , or taking leaflets and pamphlets and postcards , fabrics , things everywhere and just collect them . It was also I guess my cultural background which is quite rich . I think that it 's that sensibility to color also , to materials mostly that people always saw in me . On studying at Studio BerÃ § ot ... You have to know where you 're going and what it is that attracts you to be there , to survive in a school like that . They expect collections from you , but no one tells you what to be inspired by ... It forces you to follow your own path , which I feel is the only key to being a good fashion designer . On being appointed Artistic Director of Women 's Ready-to-Wear at Pace Rabanne ... I have to represent a company , a fashion house that is historic ... that 's always attached to the '60s , and now the biggest challenge is to bring it forward to our times . This is not a fashion house that 's purely about style , but mostly about handwork and craftsmanship , and texture and material . On her debut collection for Paco Rabanne ... Nowadays women want things that are ... more functional but at the same time we 've such an affluence of clothes and brands that are very wearable , that we also are looking for things that are very precise and very special , like sort of extraordinary pieces . It 's also important to balance for me in this collection , the wearable side with the extraordinary piece side . So I , I basically wanted to do something a little bit psychedelic , something that is a little bit '60s but in a ... magic way . Something mysterious . On where she gets inspiration ... We can have our phone and take photos with our iPhone anytime , any place . I travel and I love to bring things back ... even just books or even a shell . Anything can be interesting . On the real purpose of a fashion designer ... In the end , what you 're doing is not just supposed to be living for one fashion show , and then you pack it and put it in the archives . It 's about giving your creations an afterlife . Giving them the possibility to go out on the street , or to be worn by a celebrity for a show , for a premiere or for any kind of event .	Lydia Maurer is Artistic Director of Paris label Paco Rabanne Women 's Ready-to-Wear The 29-year-old replaced Indian fashion designer Manish Arora in June Prior to that she worked for Givenchy and on Martine Sitbon 's Rue de Mail label The German designer has just shown her first collection at Paris Fashion Week
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel approved Wednesday the construction of a settlement in East Jerusalem just before U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is to visit the country on a peace mission . Kerry will meet with Israeli , Palestinian Authority and Jordanian officials in Jordan and Jerusalem from Thursday to Saturday in the wake of President Barack Obama 's efforts in Israel last March urging renewed peace talks . Palestinian chief peace negotiator Saeb Erekat called out to the world Thursday to stop Israel from building more settlement homes . Letting Tel Aviv get away with it , takes away any motivation for Israel to work towards peace , he said . In January , the United Nations Human Rights Council said Israeli settlements amount to "  creeping annexation " of Palestinian territories by Israel and have taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . The construction of new homes is "  taking Palestinian land , lives and livelihoods , " Erekat lamented . Wednesday 's approval of a 69-unit settlement in East Jerusalem -- which Palestinians consider to be the capital of their future state one day -- harkens to an incident in 2010 when Israel announced another East Jerusalem settlement during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden . Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the announcement "  insulting " to the United States . On Wednesday , Meir Margalit , a Jerusalem City Council member from the left-wing Meretz party , criticized Wednesday 's settlement approval and described it as "  provocation " by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's government . The approval by an Israeli planning committee was part of a "  very long process " and now means that construction can start at any time , Margalit said . "  This is a provocation by Netanyahu 's government when John Kerry is coming to re-start the negotiations , " Margalit said . "  To approve these houses in Har Homa , or also known as Jabal Abu Ghneim in East Jerusalem , is a foolish move . This means that Israel has no serious intentions to restart the peace process , " Margalit said . Israel 's construction of settlements "  is more important than peace in the Middle East , " Margalit charged . But a senior Israeli government official who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue said there was no political influence behind the approval process . "  This is private land , private constructions and nothing to do with the government or with government agendas , " the official said . Brachie Sprung , an advisor to the Jerusalem mayor , said construction permission was granted by local planning and building committee . "  It should be noted that the municipality has no legal right to stop the property ownership of the citizens to whom the ground belongs , " Sprung said in a statement . "  There is no change in the policy of the municipality over the last four years , and we are continuing to build in all the suburbs of the city according to the development program for Jews and Arabs as one , " Sprung said . Thousands of housing units are expected to be built throughout Jerusalem in coming years , Sprung said . "  New building in Jerusalem is necessary for the development of the city and gives the opportunity for youngsters and students to live and buy , " Sprung added . Hagit Ofran , settlement watch director for the Israeli activist group Peace Now , said the construction plan was initially filed in April 2012 , and the length of time behind its approval is typical . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles . Mike Schwartz also contributed from Jerusalem .	NEW : Palestinian chief negotiator calls international community to stop settlements Israeli planning committee approves 69 homes for an East Jerusalem settlement Secretary of State John Kerry is to visit Jerusalem this week to renew peace talks Settlement approval is "  provocation ... a foolish move , " Jerusalem councilman says
CNN  Mike Huckabee , the former Arkansas governor , is ending his weekend program on Fox News -- effective immediately -- as he contemplates another run for president . "  I wo n't make a decision about running until late in the spring of 2015 , but the continued chatter has put Fox News into a position that is not fair to them , " Huckabee wrote in a letter to supporters Saturday evening released before his show started airing . "  The honorable thing to do at this point is to end my tenure here at Fox so I can openly talk with potential donors and supporters and gauge support , " he added . On his Saturday night program , titled "  Huckabee , " he said goodbye to viewers while insisting he had n't made up his mind yet about actually running . He put it this way : "  As much as I have loved doing the show , I can not bring myself to rule out another presidential run . Oh , to be clear , I 'm not making that announcement right now . " He said he 'd probably continue to make guest appearances on Fox -- "  I hope so ! " -- and he thanked the network 's chairman Roger Ailes for "  the past six and a half years of support . " Some of Huckabee 's rivals might say the weekly platform on Fox -- where he reached about 1.3 million viewers -- gave him a leg-up . In a recent CNN/ORC poll about potential Republican presidential candidates , Huckabee received the support of 6 percent of respondents , putting him tied for fourth place . RELATED : CNN/ORC Poll : Bush surges to 2016 GOP frontrunner On Saturday afternoon Huckabee had urged his followers on Facebook and Twitter to tune in for an announcement "  that will make news for sure . " In his subsequent letter , he wrote , "  As much as I have loved doing the show , I love my country more , and feel that it may be time for me to enter a zone of comfort to engage in the conflicts that have almost destroyed the bedrock foundations of America . " "  I feel compelled to ascertain if the support exists strongly enough for another Presidential run . So as we say in television , stay tuned ! " A spokeswoman for Huckabee reaffirmed that he would make a decision about a run by "  late spring . " But by quitting the program now , Huckabee avoids further questions about the conflict between his television perch and a tantalizing bid for the presidency . Those questions arose two months ago after The Washington Post reported that Huckabee was rebuilding a political team . It has been no secret that Huckabee has been pondering another run for president . He has been holding meetings with GOP donors and recruiting staffers for a potential campaign . But he has been "  very careful about this " -- his words , in an interview with The Washington Post , in November -- because of the potential conflict between his television show and a campaign . Huckabee mounted an unsuccessful run for the Republican nomination in 2008 . Later that year , he started to host the show . Amid speculation about a possible run in 2012 , he teased an announcement in May 2011 but ended up telling viewers that he 'd opted against a bid : "  All the factors say ` go ' but my heart says ` no . ' " Political prognosticators have said that a Huckabee run is more likely this time around . After The Post story in November , a Fox News executive said the network was "  taking a serious look " at his political activity and "  evaluating his current status . " In the past , Fox has terminated the contracts of employees who take clear steps toward political candidacies , by forming an exploratory committee , for instance . In early November it severed Ben Carson 's contributor contract . RELATED : Ben Carson leaves Fox News , mulls run Fox said nothing further about Huckabee 's status until Saturday , when a network spokesperson confirmed that it had "  amicably parted ways with Huckabee . " Huckabee , in his on-air sign-off , positioned it the same way . "  I agree with Fox that this is the right thing , and now is the right time , " he said , while acknowledging the network 's "  generous paycheck . " While hosting a show and abiding by Fox 's restrictions , he said , it is not "  possible for me to openly determine political and financial support to justify a race . " Now that process will presumably begin . Huckabee is already scheduled to visit Iowa later this month . He also has a new book coming out . So what will Fox do with Huckabee 's time slot ? A spokesperson said the network would run "  various specials " for the next few weeks and try out "  a few new ideas . " Ashley Killough and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Mike Huckabee told his TV viewers and emailed his supporters that he was ending his show and considering a 2016 bid Huckabee said his presidential consideration put Fox News in a tough position so he decided to halt his program Fox News confirmed the announcement Saturday that this evening 's show will be Huckabee 's last
London  CNN  -- Only two days after Pope Francis was officially inaugurated , the Church of England enthroned its new leader , ex-oil executive Justin Welby . As Archbishop of Canterbury , Welby now heads the 77 million-strong worldwide Anglican Communion . British Prime Minister David Cameron , Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall , bishops and leaders of other faiths were among those gathered for the ceremony at historic Canterbury Cathedral , about 100 kilometers  60 miles  southeast of London . It followed a series of time-honored traditions , beginning with the admittance of the new Archbishop of Canterbury into the cathedral following three knocks with his staff on the door . Welby then swore an oath of faith to the Church of England and Queen Elizabeth II on the ancient Canterbury Gospels , brought to England by St. Augustine in 597 . But the service also embraced elements that were modern and reflected the church 's international reach . A woman , Sheila Anne Watson , the Archdeacon of Canterbury , installed Welby in his role as Bishop of the See of Canterbury . And the cathedral rang with African music and dance , reflecting Welby 's link to the continent through his work in peace and reconciliation there , and improvised organ music . In his sermon , Welby said that "  Christ-liberated courage " had allowed great changes to take place in the past -- such as bringing an end to slavery . Further courage is now needed to tackle issues including the environment , the economy , global poverty and human development , he said . He also reflected on how Pope Francis , in his own inaugural homily on Tuesday , had called for people "  in humility and simplicity " to protect each other and the world . Thursday 's service makes Welby the 105th holder of the most senior position in the Church of England and the titular leader of the world 's 77 million Anglicans . He was named as the successor to Dr. Rowan Williams as Archbishop of Canterbury in November . He was the Bishop of Durham , England , at the time . He is considered an outspoken critic of the excesses of capitalism and a supporter of women bishops , as well as an opponent of same-sex marriage . Same-sex marriage Ahead of the service , the question of same-sex marriage jumped to the fore when an interview Welby gave to the BBC reignited the debate over the church 's approach to issues of sexuality . Welby acknowledged the strength of some same-sex partnerships , saying , "  You see gay relationships that are just stunning in the quality of the relationship . " Nonetheless , he reaffirmed his support for the Church of England 's policy of opposition to same-sex marriage . "  The Church of England holds very firmly , and continues to hold , to the view that marriage is a lifelong union of one man to one woman , " he told the British public service broadcaster . "  At the same time , at the heart of our understanding of what it is to be human is the essential dignity of the human being . And so we have to be very clear about homophobia . " Welby said it was not about "  turning a blind eye " to same-sex relationships but rather "  loving people as they are and where they are . " His remarks come a day after it emerged that Pope Francis , now head of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics , may privately have voiced support for civil unions in his native Argentina while publicly opposing same-sex marriage . Gay rights activist Marcelo Marquez -- a self-described devout Catholic and former theology professor at a Catholic seminary -- said the then-archbishop of Buenos Aires had called him after he wrote an angry letter to Catholic leaders . "  He told me ... ` I 'm in favor of gay rights and in any case , I also favor civil unions for homosexuals , but I believe that Argentina is not yet ready for a gay marriage law , ' " said Marquez . Argentina approved a law legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide in July 2010 . A bill that would legalize same-sex marriage is currently under consideration in the British Parliament . Cameron has incurred the wrath of many in his Conservative Party by backing the legislation . Educated at Cambridge University , Welby worked for oil companies in Paris and London before training for the ministry . He had only been a bishop for a year before his promotion to the top job was announced . In his public appearances , he has displayed a wry humor and down-to-earth attitude that may help him negotiate the minefield of conflicting views and interests within the vast Anglican Communion .	NEW : Justin Welby is enthroned as the new Archbishop of Canterbury NEW : He calls for "  Christ-liberated courage " to tackle the problems facing the world Welby is now the spiritual head of the 77 million-strong Anglican Communion His remarks on same-sex marriage reignite the debate over church policy
Washington  CNN  -- For the first time since 2007 , a majority of Americans think things are going well in the nation , a new CNN/ORC International poll found . It 's a slim majority -- just 52 percent of Americans said things are going well , while 48 percent said things are going badly -- but it 's the most positive appraisal of the state of the nation that the poll has found since January of 2007 . And it marks consistent improvement in the mood of the nation over the past few months , despite a series of national security crises and continued gridlock in Washington . In September , 50 percent of respondents said things were going well . Economic sentiments have improved over the past year as well . Though just one-third of Americans believe the nation 's economy is starting to recover , that marks an 8-point increase from a year ago , when 24 percent said the same . A plurality , 41 percent , say the economy has stabilized , a 5-point improvement from November of 2013 . And just 26 percent of Americans say the country 's economic conditions are getting worse , a decline from the 39 percent who said so in 2013 . But the mood of the nation is n't consistently positive in the new CNN/ORC poll -- it suggests both a gender and geographic divide . Men are both more positive about the state of the nation and the economy than women , the poll shows . Fifty-five percent of men say things are going well in America , compared to 48 percent of women who say the same ; 36 percent of men believe the economy is recovering , while only 28 percent of women say the same . And economic conditions appear to be better in the Northeast and Midwest than they are in the southern and western parts of the nation , as respondents are more likely in those regions to say the economy is improving . They 're also more likely to say that things are going well than their counterparts in the South and West . The CNN/ORC poll was conducted among 1,045 adults via telephone from Nov. 21-23 , and has an overall margin of error of plus or minus 3 points .	Fifty-two percent of Americans say things are going well in the nation One-third of Americans say the economy is improving , an 8-point increase from last year The mood of the nation breaks down on geographic and gender lines
CNN  -- Activists working to break Israel 's siege of Gaza remained afloat in the Mediterranean Sea after their ship was taken over Thursday in Libya , an official with their organization said . The ship , the Strofades IV , was part of a Gaza-bound convoy sponsored by the independent activist group Road to Hope . The group said that the incident took place after the ship owner "  went berserk " in an argument with an Egyptian broker . Ten convoy members -- seven Britons , two Irish citizens and an Algerian -- were taken hostage , the group said . As many as seven Libyans , including customs inspects and border police , were also being held on the ship , according to Road to Hope . "  All of them are gelling together and staying as a team , " Leyla-Rubaina Hyda , a British representative for the activist non-profit group , told CNN . According to Hyda , who talked to a Road to Hope member on board the ship , the hostages "  are all doing fine . " In a release , fellow Road to Hope official Ellie Merton wrote that all 10 had used mobile phones to contact friends and family . After first being confined to the loading bay in the back of the ship , the activists were moved to a smoking room where they have been given a meal , Merton said , based on her conversations with crew members . Two Road to Hope members found a radio and sent a mayday message , Hyda said , and soon thereafter they saw military jets flying around the ship . Road to Hope 's Facebook page stated that four Libyan naval vessels and two fighter jets had surrounded the ship , before it headed into international waters . Still , there was no rescue on Thursday night , and Hyda said the ship later appeared to be approaching Crete . The British Foreign Office said its diplomats , as well as others , were working to resolve the crisis . "  We are aware of the incident at Derna Port in Libya , and have been in close contact with the convoy organizers , " the British Foreign Office said . "  Our embassy in Tripoli has been urging the Libyan authorities to resolve the situation rapidly and ensure that those caught on the ship are returned to safety . "  Our embassy in Athens has spoken to the shipping company and is also in close contact with the Greek authorities . Our priority remains that there be a safe resolution to this incident . " Greece 's Foreign Ministry said Thursday that the ship -- sailing under a Maltese flag -- is heading toward the Greek island of Crete but was still in international waters . The ministry initially said the ship was Maltese-owned but later said the vessel may be partly Greek-owned . "  The matter is a serious breach of every maritime law possible . We have asked all relevant embassies to supply urgent , immediate , consular assistance . We are extremely concerned for the safety of all the nationals on board , " Road to Hope said in a statement . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh and Joe Sterling , and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report	NEW : All of group 's 10 hostages , including 7 Britons , have called friends and family Pro-Gaza activists "  doing fine " after being confined in the ship , a spokeswoman says Two hostages managed to send a mayday message , but there 's been no rescue Diplomats are working for a "  safe resolution , " the British Foreign Office says
Monai , Indonesia  CNN  -- Saluhu stares at the mass grave where his youngest son is buried . He struggles to comprehend the split second that changed his life forever . He relives the moment he started to run inland with his family after feeling Monday 's earthquake and hearing the distant roar of the tsunami . "  My youngest son 's hand slipped out of my wife 's hand when the tsunami hit us . It just slipped , " Saluhu says . "  We did n't know where he was . We could n't see a thing -- it was pitch black . " Nine-year-old Warisman is one of 30 victims in the village of Monai on the Indonesian island of South Pagai , one of the areas worst hit by the tsunami . Most of those who died had run into the village church , around 350 meters inland , thinking it was far enough . It was n't . All that remains of the church are the foundations and small pieces of concrete and steel , ripped apart as if it were paper . The villagers tell us the tsunami hit approximately six minutes after they first felt the earthquake . For some it simply was n't enough time to flee to higher ground . It 's hard to overstate how remote these Indonesian islands are . Aid agencies are struggling to reach them , and harsh weather and torrential rain kept one aid ship out at sea for 16 hours before it was safe to dock near the devastated area . The Monai villagers say an aid helicopter dropped rice and water to them Thursday , but a CNN crew was the first to actually land there . Their food is almost completely gone . There is no shelter from the harsh storms , and the majority of the survivors are still hiding in the hills -- too scared to return to their destroyed village at sea level .	Villagers fled to village church , but it was n't far enough 30 die in the remote village of Monai Most survivors are still hiding in the hills
CNN  -- Since 2005 , Bruno Serato has been serving up free pasta dinners to children , many of whom are poor and live in motels with their families . Serato is an Italian chef and the founder of Caterina 's Club , a nonprofit that provides dinner seven days a week to more than 300 children at the Boys & Girls Club in Anaheim , California . CNN asked Serato for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Bruno Serato : I was home , getting ready to go to work after talking to my mom in Italy over Skype . I ca n't express the feelings I had at that moment . I was so happy . I was in tears . I wanted to scream like Tarzan ! It was amazing news . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to Caterina 's Club ? Serato : This gives me hope that I can make Caterina 's Club a leader in resolving children 's hunger in America . I do believe that , all together , we can make a big difference . If restaurants and chefs across America worked with their local Boys & Girls Clubs and followed our program , we could feed millions of children . I feel like I 'm a voice on this Earth and my mission is to tell people : "  Let 's step forward . Do n't just talk about it . Do something about it . " We can make this a better place to be and fight the poverty in our country . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Serato : It will help me to keep doing what I do and serve more children in need . I also hope to travel to promote the program and make more people aware of our national "  motel kids " problem . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Serato : In America , in our own backyards , we have kids who go to bed hungry . If we do something about it , we will have no hungry children in America . If you give up one cup of coffee a day , you can feed 10 kids . One bag of pasta costs a few dollars , and that can serve 10 kids . If I can feed more than 300 kids alone , all together we can feed millions . Read the full story on CNN Hero Bruno Serato : Making sure ` motel kids ' do n't go hungry	Bruno Serato was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Serato feeds more than 300 children every night in Anaheim , California Serato : All together , we can make a big difference and feed millions
Washington  CNN  -- Two federal officials admitted Tuesday they made "  mistakes " during the controversial Operation Fast and Furious gunrunner program , but they disputed contentions by a parade of other agents that their bureau knowingly let guns "  walk " into Mexico . "  It was not the purpose of the investigation to permit the transportation of firearms into Mexico , " said William Newell , former special agent in charge of the Phoenix field office of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  To the best of my knowledge none of the suspects in this case was ever witnessed by our agents crossing the border with firearms . " Newell 's insistence that guns were not allowed to cross the border drew an angry rebuke from Rep. Darrell Issa , chairman of the House committee investigating the program , who called Newell a "  paid non-answerer " at Tuesday 's hearing . "  Are they  the other agents  lying , or are you lying ? " Issa asked Newell . "  We did not let guns walk , " Newell responded . "  You 're entitled to your opinion , not to your facts , " Issa said . Newell and William McMahon , the head of western field operations for ATF , both painted themselves as dedicated public servants whose only goal was to help dismantled drug cartels that were benefiting from the free flow of weapons from the United States to Mexico . Both testified previous tactics aimed at catching and prosecuting gun smugglers were ineffective , and Newell said Operation Fast and Furious was "  innovative . " He said he "  made every reasonable effort " to keep his ATF colleagues in Mexico briefed about the investigation . Newell said he should have pressed for quicker action by prosecutors , and should have conducted "  more frequent risk assessments . " McMahon said his support for the program was based partly on his experience as assistant special agent in charge of the ATF 's World Trade Center office on September 11 , 2001 , which added to his "  zeal " to bring down complex criminal networks . But with "  the advantage of hindsight ... I would have done  things  differently , " McMahon said . Asked for one example of a mistake , he said he should have more thoroughly reviewed investigative documents that crossed his desk . Both McMahon and Newell testified Tuesday at the hearing of a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . At the hearing , several ATF agents testified the tactic of allowing guns to "  walk " was ill-considered and violated long-established ATF policies and practices . They also said the ATF failed to inform Mexican authorities of the program , or to even notify U.S. officials in Mexico . The tactic "  is insane , " said Carlos Canino , acting ATF attache to Mexico . "  I can say with authority ` walking guns ' is not a recognized investigative technique , " Canino testified . "  These guns went to ruthless criminals . ... It infuriates me that people , including my law enforcement , diplomatic and military colleagues , may be killed or injured with these weapons . " Canino said Mexican officials regularly complain about American indifference to Mexican violence and death , a view he does not share . "  However , in this particular case , with these specific guns , I am unable to defend this operation . " The former ATF attache to Mexico shared that sentiment . "  I would like to apologize to my former Mexican law enforcement counterparts and to the Mexican people for Operation Fast and Furious , " said Darren Gil . "  I hope they understand that this was kept secret from most of ATF , including me and my colleagues in Mexico . " At the opening of the hearing , Issa , R-California , accused the Obama administration of stonewalling the investigation , saying the Department of Justice continues to withhold information and has "  inappropriately interfered " with the committee 's work . "  Let me be clear : the Justice Department is not our partner in this effort . They are the subject of this investigation and their continued interference will not be allowed to derail the committee 's work , " Issa said . Issa said the Justice Department has blocked efforts to identify those inside the department who were aware of the program , and who endorsed it . "  We have not yet seen the end of the violence from operation Fast and Furious . The deadly consequences of this irresponsible program could last for years to come , " Issa said . "  Today the committee estimates at least 1,600 weapons , including .50 caliber sniper rifles , are still out there waiting to kill . The possibility that administration officials , perhaps at the highest level of the Justice Department , approved this strategy and are now trying to cover up their own involvement by stonewalling the committee  is  alarming , " he said . The Justice Department refutes claims by Issa that it refused to cooperate with the congressional investigation and is "  pushing away " investigators from senior political appointees at the department . "  Ridiculous . Simply not true , " said Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler . "  We have provided thousands of documents , interviews , and testimony . " But Schmaler was critical of a committee report on the matter , saying it "  promotes unsubstantiated theories by selectively releasing excerpts of transcripts while ignoring testimony and other information . " "  For whatever reason , the leadership of the committee chose not to release witness testimony that makes clear that operational details relating to this investigation were unknown to senior Department of Justice officials , " she said . "  The department , like the committee , is interested in getting to the bottom of the concerns raised by ATF agents about this operation , which is why the attorney general has asked the inspector general to investigate the matter . The department continues to cooperate with the investigation , but the committee must be willing to share all of the facts . " CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	"  We did not let guns ` walk , ' " a former ATF field office chief says Are the other agents lying , or are you lying , Rep. Darrell Issa asks William Newell A former ATF attache to Mexico calls the tactic "  insane " The Justice department denies it is stonewalling the committee 's investigation
A federal appeals court Thursday blocked a ruling that deemed the New York Police Department 's stop-and-frisk policy unconstitutional , while removing the judge from the case as other appeals are heard . The three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit said the lower court judge "  ran afoul " of requirements that judges avoid even the appearance of impropriety . Judge Shira A. Scheindlin , the appeals court said , jeopardized "  the appearance of partiality ... by a series of media interviews and public statements purporting to respond publicly to criticism of the District Court . " Scheindlin , in a related 2007 proceeding , said , "  If you got proof of inappropriate racial profiling in a good constitutional case , why do n't you bring a lawsuit ? You can certainly mark it as related , " adding , "  I am sure I am going to get in trouble for saying it , for $ 65 you can bring that lawsuit , " the ruling said . New York City appealing stop-and-frisk ruling The ruling also points to interviews with the New York Law Journal , The Associated Press and The New Yorker in which the judge spoke about her personal beliefs on the issue and defended her decision . The stop-and-frisk policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they deem suspicious , even if they 've committed no crime -- has been one of the most controversial policing techniques in recent time , fueled by clashes between civil rights and civil liberties groups challenging the practice as racist and illegal . Law enforcement and other proponents say the practice works to reduce crime . In August , Scheindlin ordered that the stop-and-frisk policy be altered , finding that it is unconstitutional in part because it unlawfully targets blacks and Latinos . City officials had bristled at the contention that police racially profile suspects and appealed the ruling . Scheindlin , ruled that the policy violated plaintiffs ' Fourth Amendment rights barring unreasonable searches , finding that police made at least 200,000 stops from 2004 to June 2012 without reasonable suspicion . She also found evidence of racial profiling , violating plaintiffs ' 14th Amendment rights guaranteeing equal protection . The panel did not rule on Scheindlin 's decision in the case . Michael A. Cardozo , counsel for the New York City Law Office , applauded the appeals court 's ruling . "  We could not be more pleased with the court 's findings , " he said , because the ruling puts off a decision on the constitutionality of the policy until another judge can weigh in . The nonprofit organization representing the plaintiffs in the case criticized the ruling . "  We are dismayed that the Court of Appeals saw fit to delay the long-overdue process to remedy the NYPD 's unconstitutional stop-and-frisk practices , and we are shocked that they cast aspersions on the professional conduct of one of the most respected members of the federal judiciary and reassigned the case , " the Center for Constitutional Rights said in a statement . Thursday 's ruling effectively stalls changes mandated by Scheindlin , who said stops should be based on reasonable suspicion and made in a racially neutral manner . Her ruling called for the appointment of a former Manhattan prosecutor to develop reforms of the NYPD 's policies and a pilot project in which NYPD patrol officers in five precincts -- one in each borough with the most stops in 2012 -- must wear video cameras . Outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg is an outspoken proponent of the policy , saying it saves lives and lowers crime . NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly was forced to cancel a speech at Brown University on Tuesday after protesters shouted at him on stage about stop-and-frisk policies . On Thursday , Kelly said he has been "  concerned about the partiality of Judge Scheindlin , and we look forward to the examination of this case . " The controversy about the policy extended into the mayoral race . Democratic nominee Bill de Blasio , who is heavily favored to win Tuesday , has made his opposition to stop-and-frisk a major campaign issue . "  I 'm extremely disappointed in today 's decision . We should n't have to wait for reforms that both keep our communities safe and obey the Constitution , " he said in a statement . Republican nominee Joe Lhota said , "  Bravo ! As I have said all along , Judge Scheindlin 's biased conduct corrupted the case , and her decision was not based on the facts . "	A three-judge appeal panel finds a lower court judge "  ran afoul of the Code of Conduct " A new lower court judge is to be assigned to the case NYPD 's stop-and-frisk policy continues during appeals
The "  universal background checks " now being pushed by some gun control supporters is code for closing federal loopholes on such checks at gun shows and other private sales . U.S. law requires background checks for all people who try to buy firearms from federally licensed dealers . But federal law does not require background checks for "  private transactions , " like sales at gun shows . Many states have their own statutes requiring such checks for private sales . The issue has risen high in the national conversation after the shock ignited by December 's mass shooting of six adults and 20 children at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut . Expanded background checks now enjoy the support of mayors in some of the largest cities in America . The idea has been embraced by gun violence survivor Gabrielle Giffords , a self-described gun owner . It 's also being considered for possible legislation by a White House task force led by Vice President Joe Biden . The task force is expected to include universal background checks as part of its recommended legislation . "  This may be the single most important gun violence prevention measure that the government could adopt , " said Lindsay Nichols , an attorney with the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . "  This loophole means that dangerous criminals and dangerously mentally ill individuals have a most unfettered access to firearms . " But National Rifle Association President David Keene suggested to CNN 's Candy Crowley that he has little faith in universal background checks , saying they do n't work . Keene spoke a few days after sitting in on the Biden task force . He implied that the task force was n't sincerely considering NRA positions on gun control issues , saying they were simply "  checking the box . They were able to say , ` We 've met with the NRA . We 've met with the people that are strong Second Amendment supporters . ' " Later , the NRA issued a statement saying it was "  disappointed with how little this meeting had to do with keeping our children safe and how much it had to do with an agenda to attack the Second Amendment . " What part of universal background checks does the NRA support ? Keene did say he favored background checks to block people who may be mentally ill or potentially violent from buying guns . But federal law already requires that , Nichols said . One problem with the systems is that many states do n't report the names of people who 've been legally labeled dangerously mentally ill . Improving the accuracy and availability of information about these people , Keene said , is one possible area for agreement . He suggested "  tightening up on putting information in the database . It 's school security . It 's beefing up the way we deal with the mentally ill . " Nichols said "  huge gaps " exist in the database , which is called the National Instant Criminal Background Check System , or NICS . For example , the Virginia Tech shooter , who killed 33 people and himself in 2007 , had passed two background checks because Virginia did n't submit his mentally ill status to the database , Nichols said . "  As a result of that shooting , the federal government passed a law encouraging these states to submit these records , and a large number of states passed laws . So there 's been significant improvement in reporting dangerously mentally ill persons to NICS , " Nichols said . "  But there are still about half of the states that report hardly any dangerously mentally ill people . They may not have the resources or the political will to enforce the law . Yeah , it 's crazy . " How do background checks now work ? Anytime someone buys a gun from a federally licensed gun dealer , the dealer is required to run a check on the buyer by submitting the name to the federal database . That database consists of criminal records and mental health records as provided by federal and state courts and agencies . Convicted felons , people convicted of violent domestic crimes , and those determined by the courts to be dangerously mentally ill are prohibited by federal law from buying firearms , Nichols said . Also , states have added their own categories of who is prohibited from buying a gun , Nichols said . For example , California prohibits gun ownership for people convicted of any kind of violent crime , drug offenses , alcohol abuse and juvenile offenses while underage , Nichols said . Vermont is the only state without such laws , Nichols said . Just how many gun purchases do n't require federal background checks , and how does that happen ? Forty percent of all firearms purchased in the United States are sold without background checks because the guns are n't purchased from a federally licensed firearms dealer , Nichols said . Rather , those weapons are bought at gun shows , on street corners , over the Internet or from friends or neighbors , Nichols said . These are the so-called loopholes in the current federal background check system . The NRA disputes that characterization about the "  gun show loophole " because federally licensed firearms dealers participate at gatherings and , of course , conduct background checks . "  Most of the guns that are purchased at a gun show are purchased from federal firearms-licensed holders , " Keene said . He challenged the 40 % figure for gun sales without background checks -- particularly at gun shows . "  We do n't know what  is the  percentage at gun shows . It may be 10 % , " Keene said . "  It 's not such a loophole at gun shows . But it 's like if you sell me your shotgun , that 's a private transaction . Just as if I sell you a car , I do n't have a dealer 's license . " Ten states and the District of Columbia have their own laws requiring background checks for any firearm sold at a gun show , Nichols said . Six more states require background checks for gun-show sales of handguns , but not for rifles or shotguns , Nichols said . In total , 16 states and the District of Columbia require background checks on handguns sold at gun shows , Nichols said . These states that close loopholes , however , provide exemptions for gun transfers between immediate family members and between licensed dealers , Nichols said . Are background checks effective ? From the time when the gun control measures of the Brady Act were enacted on March 1 , 1994 , through the end of 2008 , the federal government processed more than 97 million applications for gun transfers or permits , the Justice Department says . Almost 1.8 million applications were denied , the agency said . On this matter , both sides are in agreement . Said Keene : "  Background checks are generally a good thing . " Added Nichols : "  Background checks have a huge deterrent effect . People who are ineligible to buy a gun are unlikely to try if they know they are going to be subjected to a background check . "	"  Universal background checks " refer to closing loopholes in federal gun sales laws Those loopholes apply to private gun sales that usually involve gun shows Advocates say 40 % of gun sales are private transactions , including gun shows NRA challenges the 40 % figure and disputes the "  loophole " characterization
It could be the wedding video to end all wedding videos . There are not many newlyweds who can say they received a call from the President of the United States on their wedding day . Granted , the President was calling to apologize after the bride and groom -- Natalie Heimel and Ed Mallue Jr. -- were forced to scramble to find an alternate location for their wedding , once they were informed by the Kaneohe Klipper Golf Course at Marine Corps Base Hawaii that Obama wanted to play through the site of their nuptials . "  Listen . Congratulations on your wedding . I feel terrible . Nobody told us , " Obama told the couple in a video provided to CNN by the bride 's family . "  If they had just mentioned that they were going to have a wedding on the 16th hole , we would have skipped the 16th hole , " the President added . "  I hope the wedding went OK anyway , " he continued . In the video , Heimel and Mallue can be seen all dressed up for their big day , hanging on Obama 's every word , and laughing as they carried on a conversation with the President that lasted several minutes . The wedding was just fine , Mallue and Heimel reassured Obama , who was clearly embarrassed by the mix-up . "  Thank you very much . It was a blessing in disguise , " Mallue said . "  We just went right above the 16th hole . So we were watching you golf , " Heimel joked about their new wedding site . Acknowledging he is far from an ace golfer , Obama quipped , "  That must have been kind of painful . " "  What did you shoot , Mr. President ? " Mallue asked . "  I shot an 84 . If I had skipped the 16th hole , I would have shot a 79 , " Obama replied . The conversation then turned to what sounded like an episode of the presidential dating game . "  How long you been going out ? " Obama asked . The couple proceeded to tell Obama they have been dating since 2011 . The military couple , both captains , attended West Point , before moving to Germany where they met . They now live in Hawaii , which led to the President 's next question . "  Now , the only question is where do you honeymoon when you live in Hawaii ? " Obama joked . "  We have n't figured that part out yet , " Heimel joked . "  Might be Fort Polk , Louisiana , " Mallue quipped . The couple then invited Obama to their reception . Fearing he might cause another wedding mishap , the President respectfully declined . "  Everybody would have to be magged , " Obama joked about his security needs . "  Sorry for the change of plans . But sounds like you guys are gon na have a great wedding and at least you will have a good story to tell . " "  Congratulations and thank you both for your service , " Obama added at the end of the call .	President Obama called newlyweds after his golf game interrupted their wedding plans "  I feel terrible , " he told the couple Obama said he would have skipped the 16th hole if he had known
CNN Student News  -- January 15 , 2014 For today 's coverage of global headlines , CNN Student News spans several continents . And with a possible compromise in the works in Washington , D.C. , we 'll peer into a proposed budget that has some support from both major political parties . Plus , a teacher uses a windmill to fan the enthusiasm of his students . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might specific interest groups use information about government spending to promote a cause ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . spending priorities 2 . human trafficking 3 . 12th man Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How much money will the U.S. government spend if the proposed compromise budget is passed ? What are some of the proposal 's spending priorities ? What are the next steps in this budget process ? 2 . According to the video , why does American journalist David Satter think he was expelled from Russia ? What does the Russian government give as the reason ? 3 . What action have the Seattle Seahawks and Denver Broncos taken regarding ticket sales for this week 's conference championships ? What are some possible reasons for this move ? How do some opposing teams ' fans feel about this action ? Why ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that a government 's spending priorities are often a source of political disagreement ? How do you think that different elected officials in the House and Senate might respond to a compromise budget ? If you were elected to Congress , what would your spending priorities be ? Why ? 2 . In the U.S. , what guarantees a free press ? What responsibilities do you think accompany that freedom ? Explain . 3 . Explain how the economic principle of supply and demand figures into the story about NFL conference championship tickets . What is your opinion of how the Seattle Seahawks and Denver Broncos are handling ticket sales for this weekend 's games ? State your rationale . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A West Virginia man has been indicted in the murders of three Alexandria , Virginia , residents over a decade . A grand jury returned a 10-count indictment against Charles Severance , 53 , for the shooting deaths that investigators determined earlier this year were linked to one killer . Ballistic tests showed bullets that killed music teacher Ruthanne Lodato on February 6 , 2014 , are similar to those in two earlier suburban Washington killings , police in Virginia said in March . The slayings alarmed the community located across the Potomac River from the nation 's capital , raising concerns a serial killer might be responsible . Police have said a gunman knocked on Lodato 's door late that morning and began shooting . The 59-year-old woman died , and her mother 's caretaker was seriously wounded . The survivor helped provide a sketch of the suspect . The previous victims were also prominent in the area . Nancy Dunning , once married to Alexandria 's sheriff , was killed in December 2003 ; and Ron Kirby , director of transportation planning at the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments , was gunned down last November . Alexandria 's Commonwealth Attorney Bryan Porter said he would not seek the death penalty for Severance , although he did not elaborate on that decision . Severance is being held without bond in the Loudoun County , Virginia , jail . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	Charles Severance is indicted for the shooting deaths of a teacher and two others The slayings over a decade raised concerns a serial killer might be responsible Severance allegedly knocked on Ruthanne Lodato 's door and shot her last February The prosecutor says he will not seek the death penatly
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola is spoilt for striking choice as his side attempt to overcome a two-goal Champions League semifinal deficit against Inter Milan , but faces a defensive poser with captain Carles Puyol suspended . Puyol picked up a yellow card in the 3-1 defeat to Inter in the San Siro last weekend , ruling him out of the second leg , and he will be sorely missed at center back . Barca know that the concession of an early away goal would leave them facing an uphill task against Jose Mourinho 's Italian champions and Guardiola must chose between Rafa Marquez and Gabi Milito to partner Gerard Pique in the center of their defense . He also is waiting on the fitness of full-back Eric Abidal , with Maxwell set to continue in his place . Pique and Milito played together at Real Zaragoza and were outstanding in the recent ` El Clasico ' win over Real Madrid so may well get the nod from Guardiola . Pique is hoping the atmosphere in a capacity Nou Camp will make it an uncomfortable night for their opponents . "  I hope the atmosphere makes the Inter players hate their profession for 90 minutes , " he told the official Barcelona club Web site . "  It all helps a great deal . I do n't remember an atmosphere like this . People are so engaged , excited and confident . I feel really proud . " he added . Up front , Guardiola has no less than six in-form attacking options , with Lionel Messi and Pedro Rodriguez forming a lethal combination in recent matches while Swedish star Zlatan Ibrahimovic is returning to full fitness and scored in the weekend league win over Xerez . Ibrahimovic wants Barca to stay true to their attacking instincts after being shaken out of their strike in the first leg . "  We have to be ready for this war , " he told AFP . "  They are going to exploit their virtues but we can not change our way of playing like we did in Milan . We lost because we did not play our usual football , not because they won with their approach . Guardiola can also call on the likes of Thierry Henry , Bojan and young winger Jeffren as they attempt to break down Inter . Mourinho 's men got their Serie A title bid back in full swing with a weekend victory over Atalanta , but midfield talisman Wesley Sneijder was injured in the 3-1 win and is battling to be fit with a hamstring strain .	Barcelona battling to claw back 3-1 deficit in Champions League semi against Inter Coach Pep Guardiola must decide who will replace suspended Carles Puyol in defense Barcelona looking to become first side to successfully defend Champions League
Havana , Cuba  CNN  Charlie Hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny Havana day . "  Hey man , " he says with a smoker 's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him . But then a lot of people have been looking for Charlie Hill for a long time . For 43 years Cuba has provided refuge for Hill from facing charges that he killed a New Mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to Havana . Hill , now 65 , decided to give CNN an interview after we 'd spent two years trying to reach him . He wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the United States . Before talking more , Hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and takes a final draw on his stub of a cigarette . We step out into the sunlight and go to a park where Hill starts to give his reasons why he may soon end his long run from the law . "  I miss my country , " he said , his voice cracking . "  I miss my family . I would like to go back and see where my grandparents were born , where I was born , where I went to junior high . Eat some blackberry pie . Even go to McDonald 's . That 's only natural . " Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary . But he craves the kind of French fries that only capitalism can make . After five decades of Cold War-era mistrust , the United States and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties , but cases like Hill 's present an obstacle to an improved relationship . New Mexico , where Hill 's case has been open for decades , followed up on the shift in policy from the Obama administration with Gov. Susana Martinez asking Washington to pursue Hill 's extradition . Critics of the new opening to Cuba say Havana 's harboring of fugitives like Charlie Hill is enough of a reason to maintain a hard line against the government of Raul Castro and keep Cuba on the State Department list of countries that support terrorism . State Dept. recommends removing Cuba from terrorism list Hill , now 65 , may extradite himself first , saying the warming of relations between the United States and Cuba could mean an end to what he calls his "  exile " on the communist-run , Caribbean island , even if his return brings jail time . New Mexico Police Chief Pete Kassetas said he welcomed the news of Hill 's possible surrender . "  I understand that the social environment was very different in 1971 than it is today . I encourage him to return to face the charges against him on the state level and on the federal level and end his self-imposed exile in Cuba . " Charlie Hill 's journey began on November 8 , 1971 , when he and two other men -- Michael Finney and Ralph Goodwin -- were pulled over on I-40 outside Albuquerque , New Mexico , in the middle of a cross-country drive . All three men were members of the Republic of New Afrika , a black power militant group that sought to break off Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia and South Carolina into a separate nation for African-Americans . They were on the way from California to the South with a car loaded with weapons to support the cause . New Mexico State Police Officer Robert Rosenbloom pulled over their rented Ford Galaxie sedan , on suspicion that the car was stolen , said Kassetas . At 10:41 p.m. , Rosenbloom called in the California license plate of the militants ' car , according to the New Mexico Law Enforcement Memorial . Fourteen minutes later the dispatcher radioed Rosenbloom back but was unable to reach him . A police officer arriving at the scene found Rosenbloom 's body lying face down on the road , Kassetas said . There was a single bullet wound to his throat . Rosenbloom gripped his flashlight with one hand and his gun with the other , according to the records of the New Mexico Law Enforcement Memorial . The sedan was found the next day abandoned with three military rifles , a 12-gauge shotgun , "  revolutionary literature , " bomb-making materials and hundreds of rounds of ammunition Hill copped to riding in the sedan that Rosenbloom pulled over but refused to say who shot the policeman . "  I am not a cop killer . I am a freedom fighter , " Hill said . "  I am a Vietnam vet and people never ask me if I killed Vietnamese because that was authorized by the American government . I dedicated myself to liberating my people . " For 19 days , Hill said , the men hid out in the New Mexico desert , working on an escape plan as 250 law enforcement officers closed in . "  We had to go into exile so we hijacked a plane , " Hill said . The three men , Kassetas said , commandeered a tow truck at gunpoint , crashed through a fence onto the runway of Albuquerque International Airport and ran up the gangway to TWA Flight 106 . Elizabeth Walthall was a flight attendant aboard the Boeing 727 when the fugitives stormed aboard . "  They were dirty and stunk from hiding out in the hills , " she told CNN from her home in North Carolina . Walthall , now 72 , said Charlie Hill put a blade to her throat . "  He told me to do what he said because ` this is no butter knife . ' I told him , ` Well , I am no piece of bread . ' " Hill laughed , she said , and lowered the knife . Hijacker Michael Finney glowered and pointed a pistol at the flight attendants , Walthall said , a tremor of fear audible in her voice , as if the hijacking had just happened . "  Finney said he would shoot us and that he had already killed a man , " Walthall said . The hijackers ordered the crew to fly to Africa . Informed the plane could n't fly that far , they changed their destination . Take us to Cuba , they told the pilot . The trio knew Cuba would most likely let them stay . After seizing power in 1959 , Fidel Castro blasted Washington for failing to send back the Batista regime officials who streamed to Miami to escape Castro 's revolutionary tribunals , effectively ending the extradition agreement between the two countries . A rash of airplane hijackings to the island soon followed . Cuba became popular with leftist revolutionaries as well as common criminals seeking a country beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement . "  If anything went down , you went to Cuba , " Hill said . En route to Havana , flight attendant Walthall said she served the men bottles of Michelob beer . When they finished , she saved the bottles in airsickness bags so U.S. law enforcement later would have their fingerprints . After landing , Walthall said she last saw Charlie Hill and the other hijackers as Cuban soldiers escorted them off the plane . Years later , the flight attendant said she experienced flashbacks of the hijacking and sometimes prayed for Hill . "  I think he is a lost soul , " she said . Revolutionary Cuba soon disappointed Hill . Cuban officials denied his request for military training to fight with revolutionary groups in Africa . Instead he was put to work cutting sugar cane , doing construction and administrating a clothing store . One of the many menial jobs he worked , he said , put him under the supervision of Ramón Castro , Fidel Castro 's older brother . "  He has a big beard and looks just like Fidel , " Hill remembered . "  He was good to us , made sure we were always well fed . " In 1996 , then-New Mexico Rep. Bill Richardson traveled to Cuba to discuss Hill 's extradition with Fidel Castro . "  I talked to Fidel and he said , ` No way , under no circumstances would he turn them over , that they were legitimate fugitives , " Richardson told CNN . "  I got a very strong signal not only would I not be allowed to bring back Charlie Hill but I would n't even be allowed to talk to him . " Hill is now the last living member of the trio of hijackers . U.S. officials said that Ralph Goodwin drowned in 1973 and Michael Finney succumbed to throat cancer in 2005 . Married and divorced twice in Cuba , Hill has two children on the island and he worries about leaving them if he were to return to the United States . But Hill said he wants to visit his daughter , who was 6 years old when he left , and who he has n't seen since . He dreams of meeting the five grandchildren he has in United States . He 's gone as far as hiring a New Mexico attorney , in case he decides to negotiate a surrender . His Cuban government pension is a meager $ 10 a month , he said . Not nearly enough to support him or even buy toys for his 8-year-old Cuban son . Hill said he became a babalao , or Santeria priest , but still has n't found peace . He admitted he smokes too many unfiltered Cuban cigarettes and drinks too much cheap rum . And there 's always the possibility that the Cuban government has held onto Hill and other U.S. fugitives , simply waiting for the right moment to trade them to the United States . He said he is fine with that fate . "  They took me in , " he said . "  If the Cuban government feels me going is for the benefit of 12 million people , that 's my sacrifice . I do n't worry about that . " As the interview ends , Hill lights another cigarette . A group of Americans touring Havana in a 1950 's classic car pull up to the park . They have no idea they are feet away from a wanted fugitive , but as Hill would say , that 's Cuba . Hill is n't interested in staying in touch . He does n't have a cell phone . Too poor , he says . He wo n't say exactly where he lives in Havana . He has to be cautious . And as he walks off , once again , he is gone . A side of Cuba not often seen	Charlie Hill contemplates returning to the United States for family and blackberry pie He would also have to face justice on charges of killing a police officer and hijacking a plane
CNN  -- A new era in computing that will see machines perform at least 1,000 times faster than today 's most powerful supercomputers is almost upon us . By the end of the decade , exaFLOP computers are predicted to go online heralding a new chapter in scientific discovery . The United States , China , Japan , the European Union and Russia are all investing millions of dollars in supercomputer research . In February , the EU announced it was doubling investment in research to â ‚ ¬ 1.2 billion  $ 1.6 billion  . See also : Super telescope to search for secrets of universe What is an exaFLOP ? Computer scientists measure a supercomputer 's performance in FLOPS , an acronym for FLoating Point Operations per Second , while "  exa " is a metric prefix which stands for quintillion  or a billion billion  . An exascale computer could perform approximately as many operations per second as 50 million laptops . "  It is the next frontier for high-performance computing , " says Dimitrios Nikolopoulos , professor at the School of Electronics at the UK 's Queen 's University of Belfast . How fast are today 's supercomputers ? Today , the fastest supercomputers operate at the petaFLOP level says Nikolopoulos , performing in excess of one quadrillion  or a million billion  operations per second . The first computer to break through the petaFLOP barrier was IBM 's Roadrunner in 2008 . But its reign as the fastest computer in the world did n't last long , with the Cray Jaguar installed at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in the United States becoming the quickest with a performance of 1.75 petaFLOPS in 2009 . Today , the crown is held by is Japan 's K computer developed by RIKEN and Fujitsu , according to TOP500 -- a project that tracks trends in high-performance computing . The machine , installed at the RIKEN Advanced Institute for Computational Science , in Kobe , Japan , currently operates at over 10 petaFLOPS . It is more than four times faster than its nearest rival , China 's NUDT YH MPP computer  2.57 petaflops  . How big are they ? "  The kind of space that you need is similar to that of a football field . You 're talking about many , many lanes of computer racks and thousands of processors , " says Nikolopoulos . The K computer contains a mind-boggling 88,128 computer processors and is made up of 864 refrigerator-sized cabinets . Physically , exascale computing wo n't get any bigger , says Nikolopoulos , and might even get a little smaller . But the amount of processors will rise substantially to anywhere between one million and 100 million . See also : $ 35 PC size of a credit card What are the challenges of reaching exascale ? Nikolopoulos says "  severe technology barriers " remain , the most important being power . "  Power consumption of supercomputers in general is not sustainable , " he says . "  The current projections suggest that power consumption of exascale computers will be 100 megawatts . It 's impossible to build a suitable facility and have enough power . " Historically , a computer 's processor has used the most power  around 40-50 % of the total  Nikolopoulos says , but memory is rapidly catching it up . "  Changing materials and also the architecture of processors and memories is critical to exascale 's success , " he says . "  We are beginning to understand the challenges of exascale in terms of hardware , software and applications . We are at the stage where we can make mental projections and set up directions for research . " What benefits could exascale computing bring ? It will enable discovery in many areas of science , says Nikolopoulos . "  Aerospace engineering , astrophysics , biology , climate modeling and national security all have applications with extreme computing requirements , " Nikolopoulos said . See also : Mapping the brain 's secrets Bill Cabbage , public information officer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , says exascale will attempt to tackle very serious challenges in energy supply and sustainability . "  These are very difficult problems and will require the development of new forward-thinking technologies to deal with them , " Cabbage said . "  We are bringing all our resources to bear on these problems , " he added . Social sciences could also profit , says Nikolopoulos . "  More and more people are interested in understanding the behaviors of societies as a whole . These require simulations -- how people interact , communicate , how they move . That will require exascale computing , " he said .	ExaFLOP supercomputers will perform a billion , billion operations every second Exascale computer would be 1,000 times faster than today 's quickest machines Issues over power consumption remain stumbling block to their creation First exaFLOP computers expected to go online around 2020
Lancaster , Texas  CNN  -- About 200 homes were destroyed and 650 were damaged by violent tornadoes in northern Texas , an American Red Cross spokeswoman said Wednesday , a day after the storms tore through one of the nation 's largest metropolitan areas . Spokeswoman Anita Foster said Wednesday that their teams are still in the field assessing the damage and that she expects final tallies late Wednesday or early Thursday . Between six and 13 tornadoes may have touched down in Dallas , Arlington and the surrounding area Tuesday , the National Weather Service in Dallas-Fort Worth said . The number is an estimate because crews are still surveying damage across the area . There are no reports of deaths so far , the mayors of Dallas and Arlington said . Preliminary ratings of damage to one subdivision near Forney , just east of Dallas , suggests the tornado there rated up to EF-3 , the National Weather Service forecast office in Fort Worth said . Wind speed was estimated to have been as high as 150 miles per hour in the town , it said . Tornadoes can rate up to an EF-5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale , which uses damage to calculate the storm 's rating . Other tornadoes that touched down in the area Tuesday rated EF-1 and EF-2 , according to the weather service . Three people were taken to a hospital in Arlington and at least 150 homes were destroyed there , Mayor Robert Cluck said . "  We 've dodged a bullet , " he said . "  We 've done the primary search . We feel as though we have everybody now , but they wo n't give up until they have done all the other searches . " Dallas mayor : It 's a ` miracle ' "  It was like ` The Wizard of Oz , ' " said Gwen Dabbs , who was not able to make it to an interior room before the storm blew her windows out . She huddled in a corner of her living room covered with blankets as the tornado passed . "  My body is sore from being in the corner . But I do n't have not a cut , not a scratch , and I 'm so thankful . Thank you , Lord , " she said . Massive hail pounded the area before the tornadoes touched down . "  Once the hail stopped , our electricity went out . I thought , ` That 's it , we need to get into the bathtub , ' " said Nicole Lawrence said . "  It 's only by God 's grace that I 'm here . " Lawrence said her home was reduced to rubble . She took shelter in a bathroom with her two sons , who covered their mother with their bodies to avoid debris . By the time the tornado had swept through , all that was left of her house was her son 's tuxedo hanging in what used to be a closet . He was planning to wear it to the prom . Hail damaged more than 100 aircraft at Dallas/Forth Worth International Airport , spokesman David Magana said . About 250 departures and 250 arrivals were canceled Wednesday after the storm , he said . In all , about 1,400 passengers spent the night in the terminals . The airport passed out cots , blankets and pillows to those sleeping there , Magana said . Thousands of others went to local hotels , he said . Airport officials Wednesday were asking travelers to check with their airlines before arriving at the airport . Eric Gould was aboard his flight and ready for takeoff Tuesday when the pilot announced a delay . Suddenly , the skies opened up , unleashing rain and hail as big as golf balls . "  The noise of ice cubes hitting the aluminum exterior of a 757 was as deafening as it was frightening , " he said . "  Imagine the sound of dropping a bucket of ice cubes onto a metal-roof shed for about 10 minutes straight . " In Lancaster , south of Dallas , roofs were stripped to bare plywood . About 300 buildings were damaged , according to the city 's mayor . A citywide curfew was in place . CNN affiliate WFAA broadcast video of tractor-trailers lifted and flipped like matchsticks . Ominous clouds darkened the skies . In one picture at a freight truck depot on the south side of Dallas , a twister flung semitrailers high into the air and hundreds of feet from their parking spots . Lot owner Wisconsin-based Schneider National Trucking Co. said there were no injuries at the facility , but about 100 pieces of equipment were damaged . "  The storm 's impact to freight , our customers and our operations overall appear to be minimal -- a remarkable outcome in light of the force of the storm , " the company said in a statement . A tractor weighs 20,000 pounds . An empty trailer weighs 14,000 pounds , while a full one weighs about 46,000 , a Schneider spokesman said . CNN 's Henry Hanks , Ed Lavandera , Matt Smith , Dana Ford , Chad Myers , Joe Sutton and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : About 200 homes were destroyed and 650 damaged , the Red Cross says NEW : The National Weather Service says one tornado rated an EF-3 NEW : About 250 departures and 250 arrivals were canceled , a D/FW Airport spokesman says Between six and 13 tornadoes might have touched down in north Texas
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's capital city took a major step Friday toward legalizing same-sex marriage . District of Columbia Mayor Adrian Fenty signed a measure recognizing such marriages as legal . The district council overwhelming passed the bill Tuesday , following a similar vote December 1 . Fenty signed the measure at All Souls Church , a Unitarian Universalist house of worship in the northwest part of the district that is known for its diversity and for the welcoming of same-sex couples . The measure now goes to Congress for a 30-day review period , but it 's considered unlikely that the Democratic majority on Capitol Hill would block the bill . By law , Congress has the right to review and overturn laws created by the District of Columbia 's council . If the measure becomes law , the district will join Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont and Iowa in legalizing same-sex marriages . A law legalizing such marriages in New Hampshire takes effect January 1 . Earlier this year , lawmakers in Maine approved a measure legalizing same-sex marriages , but voters in the state last month passed a referendum to overturn the new law . Last week , New York 's state Senate defeated a bill that would legalize such marriages . A similar bill stalled last week in New Jersey 's state Senate . Friday 's signing ceremony prompted approval from gay rights groups . The Human Rights Campaign called it "  an important and historic step towards equal dignity , equal respect and equal rights for same-sex couples . " The measure "  reinforces the legal equality and religious freedoms to which all D.C. residents are entitled , " the organization 's president , Joe Solmonese , said in a written statement . The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage , promised earlier in the week that "  the fight is not over . " "  Politicians on the city council are acting as if they have the right through legislation to deprive citizens of D.C. of their core civil right to vote , but we will not let them get away with it , " said Brian Brown , the organization 's executive director . "  We will go to Congress , we will go to the courts , we will fight for the people 's right to vote , " he said . Opposition to the legislation also came from the Catholic Church 's Archdiocese of Washington , which has said that the measure could restrict the church 's ability to provide charity services , apparently because the church might cut back on services rather than comply with the measure 's requirements . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Measure now goes to Congress for a 30-day review period It 's considered unlikely that Democratic majority on Capitol Hill would block bill Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont and Iowa have legalized same-sex marriages National Organization for Marriage says "  the fight is not over "
For the first time in human history , more than half the world 's population is living in cities , which now produce approximately 70 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions . That puts cities on the frontlines of the battle against climate change -- and more and more cities are leading the charge . In New York , we began a frontal attack on climate change in 2007 with the release of our sustainability blueprint , PlaNYC -- and since then we 've made major progress . For instance , we are well on our way to meeting our goal of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2030 . For coastal cities like New York , the risks of climate change are especially serious : sea levels are expected to rise by another two and a half feet in the next 40 years , making storm surges even more powerful and dangerous . And intense storms are likely to increase as the ocean 's temperatures continue to rise . But it 's not just storms . Droughts and heat waves may be longer and more intense for urban populations everywhere in the years to come . Around the world , city leaders are not wasting time debating the science of climate change or waiting around for international treaties to be signed ; we are taking action . There 's simply too much to do and too much at stake . For the past two years , I have been chairman of the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group , which includes some of the biggest and most innovative cities in the world . Thanks to C40 's research , we know that C40 Cities have taken more than 4,700 actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and adapt to the possible effects of climate change . In fact , C40 has the potential to reduce emissions by more than one billion tons a year by 2030 -- which is equivalent to making both Canada and Mexico entirely carbon-neutral . In New York City , our actions to reduce our carbon footprint include planting more than a half-million new trees ; banning the use of the most polluting forms of heating oil ; and launching a major bike sharing initiative . The strict codes we 've adopted for energy-efficiency in major commercial and residential buildings have the potential to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by at least five percent and save New Yorkers more than $ 750 million per year in energy costs . But our work to make our city more energy efficient is only half the battle . Last fall , Hurricane Sandy made all too clear how vitally important it is to build stronger and more sustainable infrastructure that can withstand extreme weather events . That 's why in June , we launched a long-term plan specifically focused on protecting our city from the effects of climate change.e For instance , we 're working to strengthen dune systems and beaches across the city . Our plan includes surge barriers to prevent flooding and a strong network of bulkheads , floodwalls , levies , and other protections in vulnerable places along the waterfront . We are working with private companies and regulators to strengthen critical infrastructure against severe weather -- including our power , telecommunications , and transportation systems . And we 're also raising construction standards to ensure new buildings can withstand extreme weather . In developing this plan , we looked around the world to identify best practices and innovative new solutions -- and that 's the power of the C40 network . It creates a forum for cities to share best practices and resources -- and even to collaborate with other cities and institutions . For instance , C40 has now formed partnerships with the World Bank and other international organizations that have expertise and resources , which are helping cities take bolder actions more quickly . In addition , C40 has focused on the research and data collection necessary to assess our progress , because I firmly believe in the maxim : If you ca n't measure it , you ca n't manage it . Mayors are pragmatists , not partisans ; innovators , not ideologues . We are responsible for delivering results , not debating politics . And as the world becomes increasingly more urban , the importance of bold local action -- particularly on climate change -- will continue to grow .	New York City Mayor Bloomberg is chairman of C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group City leaders are taking action , not debating climate science , says Mayor Hurricane Sandy emphasized importance of stronger infrastructure New York is prepping for future storms and cutting emissions
Paris  CNN  -- The mayor of a French town where students were held hostage for more than four hours Monday wants to reassure parents that "  schools in France are safe . " "  We do not want to create an environment of terror in the classroom , " Mayor Jean-Louis Fousseret said . "  We should n't focus on this issue . " About 20 children , aged 4 to 6 , were in a classroom when the incident began ; five children and their teacher were held until the incident was resolved , Besancon police said . The hostage-taker is about 17 years old , according to the French Ministry of Education . He was armed with two swords and had "  demands , " the ministry said , without specifying what they were . He has been arrested , the mayor said . "  We were dealing with someone who was suicidal and wanted us to give him a weapon , " Fousseret said . "  There is no specific danger in Besancon . " The father of one of the hostages said that he was "  very afraid " for his child but that the students had confidence in their teacher . "  The teacher was very , very calm and confident . She helped them , " Babacar Kebe told BFM . "  I have not asked them questions because they are very young , and I do n't want them to get upset . " A security cordon was placed around the school , and police marksmen took positions outside , pictures from the scene showed . They did not enter the school during the incident , the mayor said . The incident started at 8:30 a.m. at the Charles Fourier school in the borough of Planoise and ended about four and a half hours later . France last had a high-profile school hostage incident 17 years ago . Six girls and their teacher were held hostage for two days in the suburbs of Paris in 1993 . A man calling himself "  the Human Bomb " strapped explosives to his body and demanded about $ 18 million to release them . He was killed by police marksmen using guns with silencers , press reports said . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos , Isa Soares , Vicky Bennett and Alex Mohacs contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Schools in France are safe , " Mayor Jean-Louis Fousseret says NEW : "  There is no specific danger in Besancon , " he says Five children and their teacher were held at a nursery school Monday Suspect was armed with two swords , French Ministry of Education says
New York  CNN  -- "  Expect us " is the favorite tag line for an endless stream of Web videos posted by the Internet collective known as Anonymous . It 's a promise and a threat . In 2011 , galvanized by the national Occupy movement , Anonymous delivered . "  This is what happens when the people have had enough , " said "  Troy , " a member of the collective who joined the street protests in New York . "  This is what happens when greed goes unchecked . It 's the closest thing to a global revolution we 've ever gotten . " From the inception of Occupy Wall Street , Anonymous has had a powerful impact on the movement , promoting it tirelessly through social media in the early days ; driving it forward with Internet campaigns , known as "  ops , " targeting bankers and politicians ; and ultimately acting as a savage and effective counterforce to what the group sees as a militarized police state . "  Hopefully , he 'll think twice before he pulls out his baton against somebody who 's holding a sign saying we just want peace , " said Troy , who spent weeks monitoring and videotaping New York Police Department officers during the height of the Occupy Wall Street protests . The list of police officers and agencies targeted by Anonymous is long . From New York to Oakland , California , cops had their Web sites hacked ; personal information , including the home addresses of specific police officers , was posted online ; and officers who used pepper spray on Occupy protesters , including NYPD Deputy Inspector Anthony Bologna and Lt. John Pike at the University of California-Davis , saw their entire life histories blasted out in Web videos and document dumps . "  I think -LSB- police -RSB- see it as a form of vigilantism , " said professor Gabriella Coleman , an anthropologist who studies Anonymous at McGill University in Montreal , Quebec . The collective , Coleman said , "  is pushing the boundaries of the law , but I think some of their actions also reveal the ways that private security companies or police are also acting outside of the boundaries of the law . " The online intimidation is intended both to punish errant police and serve as a warning to riot cops facing difficult decisions in the heat of often chaotic protests . Police are reluctant to speak publicly about the collective 's activities because Anonymous is so quick to target critics . But privately , they 're furious , especially when Anonymous posts the names of family members . Occasionally , the battle between police and Anonymous erupts on Twitter . Last year , a Los Angeles homicide detective who goes by the name @LAMurderCop had his personal information dumped online , and he retaliated with a series of sarcastic tweets . "  Let it be known to all , " he wrote , "  your mainly teenagers in your moms house . U have no skills . " Anonymous is also the subject of several federal and state investigations , including one by the commonwealth of Massachusetts , which issued subpoenas to Twitter in an investigation of threats directed against Boston police after the department 's website was hacked . Like police , members of Anonymous are also reluctant to speak publicly , both for their own security and because it runs counter to their deeply held belief that the positions held by the collective , expressed through the rolling democracy of the Internet , are far more important than the opinions of any individual anon , or person who participates in Anonymous activities . "  Troy " agreed to talk to CNN on camera provided we not reveal his real identity . "  There 's no specific group or one person that talks for us , " he says . "  It 's more like a hive ; an idea is brought up and ... if the overwhelming majority of people agree with it , then we go with it . " Monitoring and exposing what they see as police misconduct is one of the ideas that caught fire . In one Internet relay chat session , members of the collective who go by the online handle AnonymousIRC said police need to understand that the Internet is unpredictable and uncontrollable . "  We can not control or limit what some individual anon may or may not do , neither is it in our interest , " they said . "  If some cop finds it funny to mace innocent girls , Internet crowd will hate him . Which will include his family . Like it or not , it 's just what happens . " This year is expected to bring more protests centered on high-profile gatherings , such as the NATO and G8 summits in Chicago in May and the political conventions in late summer . In the past , those kinds of events have been marked by sometimes violent clashes between protesters and police . This time , Anonymous will be watching .	Member of hacker collective says people have been abused for too long Group hacks websites of police officers it claims engaged in misconduct Members rarely speak to the media With big political events ahead this year , Anonymous promises to be watchful
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Roy Bennett , the former Zimbabwean opposition activist who was arrested Friday shortly before he was due to become a Cabinet minister , has been charged with conspiracy to commit banditry , sabotage and terrorism , his lawyer told CNN . Roy Bennett , left , pictured with MDC leader Morgan Tzvangirai , is also the party 's treasurer . The Movement for Democratic Change nominated Bennett to be deputy minister of agriculture in a national unity government with President Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party , which has ruled the country since independence in 1980 . Bennett was arrested on Friday while on his way to South Africa , where he has been living for three years . Bennett , who is also the party 's treasurer , was pulled from an aircraft at the airport in Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare , the MDC said . Police accuse him of funding the acquisition of weapons to commit the crimes he is charged with . Bennett will appear in the Mutare magistrate 's court on Monday , his lawyer Trust Maanda told CNN . Bennett , a white coffee grower , is an old foe of Mugabe 's government . His farms were seized during the country 's controversial land reform program . He has previously being jailed for assaulting Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa in parliament . Hundreds of party members and supporters Friday surrounded the Mutare police station where Bennett was being held , the party said . The incident happened the same day that other MDC ministers in the new unity government took their oaths of office . The swearing-in eventually took place but was delayed , the MDC said , because Mugabe and his ZANU-PF party wanted to appoint more ministers than they were allowed in the new government . Under the power-sharing deal signed in September , the ruling ZANU-PF party gets 17 cabinet posts and the MDC gets 13 . Mugabe brought a "  bloated " list of 22 Cabinet ministers to the swearing-in ceremony , but the MDC leadership insisted Mugabe stick to the 17 agreed Cabinet posts . The stalemate lasted for more than an hour , until Mugabe 's party agreed that only 17 of their proposed ministers take office . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	New Zimbabwean minister gaces accusations of banditry , sabotage and terrorism Roy Bennett pulled from aircraft as he was about to fly to South Africa MDC supporters rallied at police station where Bennett was held
Washington  CNN  -- Prime shopping season might be underway this holiday season , but candidate shopping might be a little easier for voters next campaign season . Melissa Yasinow , 28 , was born and raised in suburban Cleveland Heights , Ohio , which has a population of about 46,000 people . Yasinow is so vested in her town that she decided to run for city council . To help her run her campaign , she enlisted family and friends . Yasinow did what any serious candidate would do . She engaged voters , planned and hosted campaign events and solidified a platform . It was a tall order for her and her loyal team of helpers who all simultaneously held down full time jobs . But she had checked all the boxes of a traditional campaign . She ultimately won , but an aspect of modern campaigning was missing and not within her reach . Daunting for the political novice and attorney was creating an online presence . While the millennial is an avid user of social media and the Web , she had no idea how to build a website , calling it "  completely overwhelming . " Plus , she did n't have the time or campaign cash to maintain it and update it . "  I tried to set up a website and it 's not something that 's easy to do , " she said , acknowledging that a candidate must have a social presence to engage voters . Businesses and brands are much more successful when there 's a website . It 's no different for political candidates . Obama perfected it , but many left out While the 2012 presidential race was a $ 1 billion campaign and most Senate and House races are multi-million-dollar episodes featuring an interactive website , it 's not in the cards for most running for some 550,000 state and local elected positions around the country . That 's what the founders of Democracy.com set out to change , believing that an online presence will level the playing field for candidates , regardless of economic and political background and experience . Democracy.com is the "  social network for politics , " founder Talmage Cooley said during a recent interview . He thought of the idea while attending the Harvard Kennedy School where he worked to find a solution to the abundance of money in politics and a flawed campaign finance system , which is steeped in political agendas with little chance of being reformed anytime soon . "  The only thing left was the marketplace of voter opinion , " Cooley said . He noted that many candidates still did n't have an online presence in 2012 , four years after Barack Obama revolutionized the use of the Web to mobilize supporters . Cooley formed a team with expertise in politics , tech and business , and received investor support to create a Facebook-type website for political candidates . "  For the first time , -LSB- candidates -RSB- can have an Obama quality " Web presence , " Cooley , a former Wall Street bond trader and filmmaker , said -- and at no cost . ` Democratizing democracy ' The portal includes every political office -- from school board in Belfast , Maine , to President of the United States . All candidates have to do is "  claim " their profile and then it 's theirs to advertise campaign events , list their platform and raise money . It 's how we can "  democratize democracy , " Ray Rivera , the organization 's co-founder and former Obama campaign organizer and state director . Cooley said his goal is to "  to see that elections are accessible to everyone . " He thinks he is doing just that by removing a significant technological and financial barrier . Even the most obscure candidates representing obscure political parties can have a profile on Demcoracy.com . Yasinow agrees . "  It levels the playing field and encourages qualified individuals to run for office , " she said . Willingboro , New Jersey Town Councilman Nathaniel Anderson said Democracy.com enabled him to reach voters he normally would n't be able to , especially on the fundraising front . "  I would normally target relationships I already had , " Anderson said of his 2013 re-election campaign . He said the public did n't donate to his campaign before he opened his profile , but then said , "  I was reaching a wider universe " as voters took advantage of the donation mechanism on his Democracy.com profile . Cooley also said he could n't believe that in 2012 candidate information for voters still could n't be found in one place . So for the voter , it 's one-stop-shopping .	Creating an online presence is a daunting task for many local political candidates Democracy.com founders bought the URL and created a Facebook-type website for political candidates It 's set up to be easy-to-use for candidates and one-stop shopping for voters
CNN  -- Do you wish you could outsource the summer cooking , cleaning and camp planning associated with kids ? Once school 's out , keeping the family on schedule can become a full-time job . From finding camps to shuttling children to their activities , summer can be more demanding than the school year . Keeping children engaged can mean the difference between calm and chaos . As a mother of three children under age 8 , I 've experienced the dark side of summer . I 've missed deadlines to book my kids ' favorite camps  yes , early February can be too late for popular camps  , set myself up for a logistical mess by having to drop off three kids in three locations at the same time , and perhaps the most trying -- the long stretches without structured activities , leaving the kids climbing the walls . What I did n't realize is that professionals exist who will serve as a kiddie concierge of sorts : a personal assistant to make sure you do n't drop the ball on all the scheduling , purchasing and transportation duties that can turn summer into an ill-planned purgatory for children and parents alike . So , I sought tips from scheduling experts on how to seek structure and maximize fun during the summer -- and not feel guilty about it : 1 . Delegate drudgery Parents have a range of options if they want to outsource the logistics of managing summer activities . It does n't need to break the bank balance . In fact , parents can often use the time they save far more productively . "  For me , it 's extremely helpful to have someone who can organize things on the home front , " said Kathy Dupuy , president of Mom 's Best Friend . She founded the Austin , Texas-based family services agency 20 years ago . Dupuy is not only the president , she is also a client . Her own personal assistant helps assemble care packages to send to her kids at sleepaway camp . She also helps prepare for their departure by ironing labels onto their clothes . Most of the personal assistants her agency manages work between 20 and 30 hours each week , for about $ 25 an hour . She says that rates in Texas are lower than similar services in New York or California . Throughout the year , they buy groceries , organize parties and coordinate household repairs for families , among other tasks . When school 's out , personal assistants can be hired to choose the best camps , manage supplies and ensure campers have everything they need when they start . 2 . Commission crafts Dupuy relies on a personal assistant for such tasks as costume creation for her children to wear to theme parties at their camps . A personal assistant can bridge the gap between a parent 's skills and the demands of kids ' activities . "  I 'm not supercrafty , " she said . "  Having someone who loves Pinterest , who loves to have the time and space to be really creative around a party idea , or birthday party favors , or helping set up for an event . ... I just do n't have the time or creativity to do that . " The camps her children attend often have elaborate themed parties . Her personal assistant helps devise and develop creative costumes for her four children , aged 9 to 17 , to take to camp . 3 . Seek expertise Before parents start to design the costumes , it helps to know what camps are out there . In many cities , camps book up months before the summer begins . For children who want to try sleepaway camp , parents have a lot of places to turn . "  There are so many camps out there , you ca n't even imagine , " said Sue Ellen Greenberg , who calls herself the Camp Lady . According to the American Camp Association , there are more than 12,000 day and resident camps in the United States . Based in New Jersey , Greenberg helps parents pick the perfect sleepaway camps for their children . While parents do not pay for her service , she earns a referral fee from the camp if parents send their children there . "  You need to really understand the camp , and understand your child 's personality , and what you 're trying to get out of the camp , " she said . Greenberg said the biggest mistake parents make in choosing a camp is sending their kids to one based on their friends ' or neighbors ' choices . Picking a camp should be a personal choice . 4 . Give up the guilt If children stay home for the summer , do n't be afraid to ask for assistance . "  The advice I would give is : Be comfortable asking for help , " said Tiffany Ellis , founder of Mama Concierge , outside Chicago . "  A lot of people that do call me , initially , they always say , ' I feel so guilty for calling you , because I 'm asking you to do things that I could do myself . ' But that 's the exact purpose of my business , " she said . Her clients have employed her for such tasks as finding outdoor swimming lessons for children 5 years old and under , and babysitting triplets while their mother slept . Services can cost between $ 25 and $ 50 an hour . "  The less you have to do , the everyday maintenance items , the more you can do with your family , " said Ellis . She encourages her clients to enjoy that time , guilt free . 5 . Have fun Personal assistants and camp planners say that parents use their services so they can enjoy more time with their children , without getting bogged down in household tasks . The summer can provide parents with an opportunity to hire a local college student , who might be cheaper than a personal assistant , to run to the grocery store or organize a craft . The first day of school comes around quickly . For parents like me who are juggling multiple schedules , the best advice is to try to enjoy summer while it lasts . Would you hire a household personal assistant or kiddie concierge ? Share your take in the comments section below .	All the parental drudgery that summer brings can lead to badly planned activities and burnout Parent concierge services can cost between $ 20 - $ 50 an hour in many parts of the country "  Be comfortable asking for help , " said Tiffany Ellis , founder of Mama Ellis Concierge There are more than 12,000 camps in the U.S. ; an expert can help you choose one
CNN  -- Taiwan has rallied behind a taekwondo athlete who was controversially disqualified at the Asian Games in China , setting up Internet support groups and even burning South Korean flags . The island 's ruling administration was also criticized for its response to the incident , which saw Yang Shu-chun disqualified while leading during a match in the women 's 49-kilogram category in Guangzhou on Tuesday . The Asian Taekwondo Union released a statement accusing gold-medal hopeful Yang of a "  shocking act of deception , " claiming that she had illegally added two extra sensors to the heel of her socks to help score more points . The ATU rejected an appeal from the Taiwan team and subsequently banned Yang and the two coaches involved pending a hearing by the martial art 's world ruling body . Local politicians from the People First Party burned South Korean flags outside Taiwan 's Sports Affairs Council in the capital on Thursday , the Taipei Times reported , in protest against World Taekwondo Federation secretary-general Yang Jin-suk . They also smashed imported products on the floor before police intervened , the newspaper said . Politicians from both the Democratic Progressive Party and the Chinese Nationalist Party  KMT  backed the 25-year-old in separate press conferences , the Taipei Times reported . "  Every signature symbolizes the gold medal awarded by the Taiwanese public to Yang , " the KMT 's Lin Yi-shih said of a campaign in support of the athlete . The DPP criticized Taiwan 's Sports Affairs Council -- which on Wednesday threatened to take the matter to an international court -- for failing to stand up for Yang , despite its members being present in China . "  A large number of officials attended the Games , but all they have done so far is appear at and partake in the ceremonies when our athletes win . When Yang was disqualified , what did they do ? Nothing , " legislator Chiu Yi-ying said . DPP chairperson Tsai Ing-wen added in an online statement : " -LSB- This government -RSB- , especially on sovereignty issues , has always deferred to China and has n't emphasized our attitudes enough . "  As a result , we think that it is regrettable that frontline officials have n't been speaking strongly enough about this incident . " Fan pages backing Yang on social networking website Facebook received more than 200,000 responses , according to the Taipei-based Central News Agency . And more than 1,100 people have pledged to turn up when Yang returns to Taiwan on Sunday , the Taipei Times said . Yang , 25 , again insisted she was innocent , CNA reported on Thursday . "  I entered the competition area after the official inspecting my electronic footwear gave his approval in a pre-game inspection , " she said . Meanwhile , China extended its lead in the medal table at the halfway stage of the 16th staging of the four-yearly Asian Games on Thursday . Its athletes claimed a further 12 gold medals on day six for 109 in total and 203 medals overall . South Korea added eight golds to be second with 37 , while Japan collected four more to stay third on 21 . North Korea and Iran remained on five golds , while Taiwan was joined on four by Kazakhstan and Hong Kong .	Taiwan politicians take up the cause of Yang Shu-chun after Asian Games incident South Korean flags reportedly burned in protest against top taekwondo official Political parties criticize Taiwan sports ministry 's response to Tuesday 's disqualification Facebook groups set up in support of Yang reportedly receive 200,000 responses
MNN.com  -- I do n't remember where I was going when that stray dog weaved across a busy street near my home . But I do remember turning the car around to rescue the white pup with large tan spots that looked more like stains , except for one heart-shaped patch on her side . As cars sped past , I stood at the side of the road and waited for her to get comfortable around me . Eventually , she approached my extended hand and I was able to coax her into my car . I named the dog Honey and worked with a local rescue group called Atlanta Animal Rescue Friends  AARF  to find the sweet pooch a forever home . Not every encounter leads to a happy ending . But with care , you can help a stray dog find its forever home . MNN : 11 of the bravest dogs in history Exercise caution : You do n't know the dog 's history , so it 's important to avoid getting bitten . That means remaining cautious as you approach the dog . If it has been roaming for a while , or lived chained outside , the dog may be overly skittish around humans . "  If it 's afraid , a dog 's first instinct is to run and the safest thing is to let it go , " says Mike Upshaw , a Georgia police officer who also trains dogs . "  If the dog 's hackles are raised and its tail is up , turn around and walk away . " He advises waiting for the dog to grow more comfortable around you , which may take some time . If you fear that the dog may be in danger of being hit by a car , place a call to your local animal control and provide a description of the dog , the area where you saw it and the location in which it was heading . If a stray dog becomes a regular sight in your neighborhood , try to build a relationship over time . Upshaw suggests keeping a few dog treats in your pocket so that the treats have your scent . Leave them in that area each time you pass it , and hopefully the dog will grow more comfortable with you . When the opportunity arises , stand a safe distance from the dog and allow it to approach you . Extend your hand , letting the dog sniff you . If it tolerates petting , proceed with caution and move slowly . MNN : Tornado survivor says his dogs warned him Start the search : When I found Honey , our first stop was the neighborhood pet store , where I asked for help spreading the word about her . They kindly offered a leash so that I could safely transport her to my house .  Unlike my rambunctious dog Lulu , who hates car rides , Honey settled in and did n't make a peep . If anything , she seemed curious about the next leg of her journey .  You should also visit your nearby animal shelter to drop off fliers featuring the dog 's photo , a general description and contact information . Limit interaction with your pets : Until you have a better understanding of the dog 's health and temperament , it 's best to limit interaction with your pets . Honey 's first destination at my home was the tub , where she got a good long bath . Fleas dotted her white fur like pepper in a saltshaker . After the bath , we took a walk and I snapped a few photographs to post online . It took a few days before she got to meet my dog , Lulu . Upshaw says that your pets may take issue with others attempting to join their pack . During the first meeting , keep dogs leashed and limit interaction to sniffing until they become comfortable together . "  Even with dogs from the same litter , skirmishes will happen , " he warns . MNN : Southeastern shelters swamped by pets misplaced by storms Schedule a checkup : Since your new houseguest will be sticking around for a while , it 's best to schedule a checkup . Your veterinarian can provide clues about the dog 's age and breed . The vet also can check for the presence of a microchip , which could ensure a happy reunion . If your vet is closed for the day , see if a 24-hour emergency veterinary clinic is willing to quickly scan the dog for a chip . Also , those chips are worthless without up-to-date information on file . Pet owners : Make sure you have submitted your most recent contact information to the chip company . Your vet can provide info on how to upload new information . As for your stray , many vets offer discounted services . Consider getting a rabies vaccination , too . If you want to get it spayed or neutered , there are low-cost options available . Check the ASPCA website for programs that offer free or discounted programs in your area . Once you get a clean bill of health , it is OK to gradually introduce the new animal to your pets . Kids should never be left unattended around animals , especially when you do n't know the pet 's history . Use extreme caution when allowing children to interact with the stray dog . MNN : How to make the vet less scary for your pet Start spreading the news : It can take time for strays to reunite with their owners , if it happens at all . Start building buzz about your new houseguest by posting fliers in the general vicinity of where you found your stray , as well as pet-friendly locations such as nearby dog parks , pet stores and veterinary clinics . Sites like Petfinder.com allow you to post a free classified ad that lasts 180 days announcing your found pet . If there is no response after a few weeks , you may need to secure a forever home for the dog . Connect with a rescue group : Most county animal control facilities are packed with pets in need of homes , and they are reluctant to take in a stray . If you are willing to foster the dog for a while , a local rescue group may be the best way to help find a forever home . Rescue groups are like pet PR firms , focused on finding the perfect love connection between pets and people . Animal shelters happily work with rescue groups because it relieves overcrowding . In exchange , rescue groups set up adoption fairs and actively seek pet lovers to adopt . MNN : Adopting a dog ? How to find the right fit Your stray is already at an advantage because you can provide valuable information to prospective owners about its personality , age and demeanor around other people and pets . All of these details can help this animal find a home more quickly . Under Lulu 's guidance , Honey also learned a few tricks such as how to pour on the charm during rescue fairs . The photo of Honey that I took after her first bath was the one that sealed the deal for her future owner . Thanks to that white dog with a heart-shaped patch on her side , I now travel everywhere with a leash , bottled water and a few dog treats in my car ... just in case life gets in the way . I encourage you to do the same . The next leg of your journey will never be the same . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	The next time you see a stray dog , consider stopping to help it out When approaching a stray , exercise caution -- you do n't know anything about this dog If the dog is going to be staying with you for a while , take it to the vet for a check-up Spread the news on sites like Petfinder.com so it can find a new home
CNN  -- Don LaFontaine , the voiceover king whose "  In a world ... " phrase on movie trailers was much copied -- and much parodied -- has died , according to media reports . He was 68 . LaFontaine died Monday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , according to ETOnline , "  Entertainment Tonight 's " Web site . He died from complications from pneumothorax , a collapsed lung that causes air to build in the pleural cavity , his agent , Vanessa Gilbert , told "  ET . " LaFontaine , who was born in Duluth , Minnesota , began as a voice actor in the mid-1960s while working as a recording engineer , according to his Web site . His strong , slightly gravelly voice was featured on trailers for thousands of films , including "  The Godfather , " "  Fatal Attraction " and "  Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . " For a time in the late '70s , LaFontaine was the official voice of Paramount Pictures . His favorite work was one he did for the 1980 film "  The Elephant Man , " he said in interviews , but whether the film was Oscar-caliber or a bomb waiting to blow , he handled every assignment equally . Watch LaFontaine at work " "  My philosophy is that you have to really believe what you 're reading , even if you think the film 's a piece of junk , " he told Swindle magazine . "  Even the worst picture is someone 's favorite film , and that someone is the fan I am always talking to . " iReport : Share your thoughts on "  the Voiceover King " He also provided the voice for hundreds of thousands of commercials , for companies including General Motors , Ford , McDonald 's , Coca-Cola and many others , according to his Web site . Slideshow : LaFontaine doing "  Godfather II , " "  Friday the 13th " " The good-humored LaFontaine was willing to poke fun at himself , particularly in a recent ad for Geico insurance , in which he gave dramatic flair to a woman 's story about her car accident . He also voiced the trailer for "  The Simpsons Movie , " in which his descriptions were mimicked by commentary from the film 's characters . But LaFontaine was most famous for popularizing the phrase "  In a world ... , " used by seemingly dozens of movies determined to create an otherworldly atmosphere . LaFontaine told CNN that the scripts gave him the cues for his delivery . "  They dictate how they want to be read , " he told "  Showbiz Tonight " in 2005 . "  It 's pretty much straightforward stuff because you know the context of the film generally going in . If it 's something like ` King Kong , ' you have a pretty good idea of how you ` re going to say it . It 's going to be a big adventure thing . And I let the -LSB- script -RSB- more or less guide what I 'm going to say . " He added that there was no secret to his movie trailer work : "  I really think this is one of the few industries where everything is right up there , " he told CNN . "  What you see is what you get . " Still , he noted , it 's not like he could use his movie-trailer voice everywhere . "  If I tried to use that voice in public , " he said , "  they 'd be calling security . " LaFontaine is survived by his wife , actress and singer Nita Whitaker , and three children , Christine , Skye and Elyse .	Don LaFontaine did voiceovers for thousands of films Voice specialist best known for "  In a world ... " lead to trailers LaFontaine also appeared in Geico ad
At the port in Lampedusa , recovery teams continue to fill trucks with the bodies they 're still pulling from the sea . More than 300 so far -- and that number could rise . They are among the more than 500 African migrants believed to have been aboard a boat that sank off the island last Thursday . The tragedy amounted to Italy 's deadliest migrant shipwreck and , according to Lampedusa Mayor Giusi Nicolini , "  the biggest sea tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea since World War II . " The survivors -- 155 of them , mainly from Eritrea , who swam for their lives and were lucky enough to be rescued by fishermen and the Coast Guard -- wait in a cramped migrant detention center . It was built to hold about 250 people but has held many times that in recent days . Each day , more people are leaving on ferries for other detention centers along the Italian coast , though 900 nonetheless remained Tuesday . Opinion : Europe must be open to refugees fleeing persecution The traumatic firsthand accounts are helping build a picture of why the boat ended up on the seabed of the Mediterranean with most of its passengers entombed below deck . One of them , 30-year-old Germani Nagassi , told CNN he 'll never forget what he saw . "  For five hours we were floating , using the dead bodies of our companions , " he said . "  There is nothing worse than this . There were many children . There was a mother with her four children , a mother with an infant , all lost at sea . My mind is scarred and in a terrible condition . " Survivors mourn victims of Italy shipwreck Perilous journey , then 13 days at sea The voyage to Lampedusa was supposed to be one of the migrant 's last on a long , sometimes painful journey to a new life . Take a woman named Santa , who asked not to use her family name , for fear of retaliation against her family back home in Eritrea . The single mother of a 4-year-old boy felt she had to escape the coastal east African nation , where she had no money for food or medical care . It was not done on a whim , especially given smugglers ' demands . "  Our relatives and friends sold all that they had -- some little gold jewels , a piece of land or their house -- to sponsor our trip , " Santa said . That trek took her across Africa -- jammed tight in jeeps crossing the Sahara Desert with only a few biscuits and juice to sustain them , packed in garages , occasionally beaten with a plastic water pipe if they talked or raised their eyes , she recalled . Santa and others ' hope was simple : to have a better life . But the boat 's sinking first threatened her life , and now that she 's in Italian custody , her future . "  It 's absurd , " she said . "  We come here , we work to pay our families back -- if we do n't die . " She and others spent 13 days at sea before their boat 's engine stopped less than a mile from Lampedusa , Italy 's closest island to Africa about halfway between Sicily and Tunisia . It 's a common destination for refugees seeking to enter European Union countries , and a common site of shipwrecks . Lampedusa : Why tough penalties will not work Fire on board There 's been criticism that more was not done to help , that the Italian coast guard was too slow to respond , that they spent precious time filming footage of the rescue instead of saving more lives . Hamid Mohammad , 18 , swears an Italian vessel spotted them in trouble off the coast , but did nothing . "  The Italian 's boat started circling around us . They circled our boat twice , then just went away , " he said . "  That 's when people started to panic . " The boat 's captain told the passengers to set fire to clothes and blankets to attract attention . "  He gathered some clothes and bed sheets and lit them . But his container of benzene exploded , " Mohammad said . The fire then spread , and when many of the migrants crowded to one side , the boat capsized , said Italian lawmaker Mario Marazziti , citing survivors ' accounts . "  People were screaming as the boat capsized , " Mohammed said . The lucky few In response to criticism , the coast guard Saturday defended its response time and said its crews were on site 20 minutes after receiving the SOS call . "  The moment we got the emergency call from the fishermen at 7 a.m. , we immediately intervened and started coordinating the rescue operations , " said coast guard spokesman Filippo Marini . Abrahalli Amare , 23 , was one of the lucky few who were eventually rescued . "  We left our country because of hardship , so that we could live in peace and help our families , " Amare said . "  But we have found this bitter sadness . It was so unexpected , so disturbing . And now we ca n't think of anything else . " In July : Pope prays for lost refugees on Lampedusa	"  We come here ... to pay our families back if we do n't die , " survivor says Island 's mayor calls boat 's sinking "  the biggest sea tragedy " since World War II More than 300 bodies have been recovered , with dozens still missing About 900 people are still in a migrant center built for about 250
CNN  -- L'Wren Scott , a notable fashion designer and longtime girlfriend of Mick Jagger , killed herself by "  hanging , " New York City 's chief medical examiner 's office announced Wednesday . "  The manner of death was determined to be suicide , " said Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the office . Scott 's remains have been claimed , according to Bolcer , though it was not immediately known by whom . Wednesday 's announcement makes official what was suspected after news came out about the 49-year-old woman 's death . Business woes may have triggered suicide A law enforcement official familiar with the investigation earlier said Scott 's assistant -- after responding to a text to "  come by " -- found the designer hanging from a door knob with a scarf around her neck on Monday morning . The lanky former model transitioned to become a stylist and eventually a designer . She designed costumes for films such as the 1996 remake of "  Diabolique , " 2000 's "  Mercy " and 2007 's "  Ocean 's Thirteen . " In addition to her haute couture creations , she designed a collection for Banana Republic that was introduced late last year . Madonna , Allison Williams and Christina Hendricks were among her celebrity clients . But she was most closely associated with Jagger , 70 -- not just for designing the iconic rocker 's duds for the Rolling Stones ' 50th anniversary tour , which began in 2012 , but for being his longtime companion . The couple had been dating since at least 2003 . "  I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way , " read a statement on the singer 's website , MickJagger.com . "  We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves . She had great presence and her talent was much admired , not least by me . " People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	New York medical examiner determines that L'Wren Scott died of suicide Her remains have been claimed , an office spokeswoman says The notable fashion designer was Mick Jagger 's longtime girlfriend
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has expressed "  regret " over South Korea 's decision to expand its air defense zone to include an area claimed by both countries , the country 's official Xinhua news agency has reported . South Korea 's move came after China declared an Air Defense Identification Zone  ADIZ  in the East China Sea last month . The Chinese zone covers a disputed reef , called the Suyan rock by China and Ieodo by South Korea . China 's foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said on Monday that the two countries had maintained communication over the zones . "  The Air Defense Identification Zone is not territorial airspace . It is established by a country in public airspace outside its territorial airspace for identification and early-warning . It has nothing to do with maritime and air jurisdiction , " he said . The expanded South Korean zone will go into effect on December 15 . South Korea Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok said the move was in accordance with international norms . "  The new KADIZ 's southern region was adjusted so that it is in line with Incheon Flight Information Region , which is internationally used  recognized  and does not overlap with that of neighboring countries . "  The adjusted region includes airspace over Ieodo waters and Marado and Hongdo islands which is our territory . " China newly declared air defense zone has raised tensions in the region , with the United States , Japan and South Korea lodging objections to the zone .	China has voiced "  regret " over South Korea 's decision to expand its air defense zone . The expanded zone includes an area claimed by both countries . China newly declared air defense zone has raised tensions in the region
CNN  -- With home sales falling to five-year lows , homeowners desperate to sell their homes are looking for a little divine intervention . Retailers report statues of St. Joseph are selling briskly . Dawn Hoernemann of Minneapolis , Minnesota , had her one-bedroom home on the market for four months . Every weekend there was an open house . But there were no offers . That 's until she took her mom 's advice and buried a statue of St. Joseph upside down in her front yard . The next week , she had three offers and her home was sold . "  I could n't believe it . I do n't know what it is about it . It worked . It 's some sort of a miracle , " says Hoernemann . This "  miracle " has it roots in Catholicism . According to the tradition , burying St. Joseph began hundreds of years ago in Europe . St. Teresa of Avila , a nun in the 16th century , buried a medal of the saint and prayed to St. Joseph to help secure land for a convent . The ritual is said to have worked , and so the trend of burying St. Joseph has caught on . Just ask Phil Cates of Modesto , California . His online retail site , StJosephStatue.com , offers the "  Underground Real Estate Agent " home-selling kits . For $ 9.95 , the 4-inch statue comes with a burial bag and a burial instruction booklet . There 's even an 8-inch version of the statue for larger homes . Sales have increased 100 percent in the past two years , according to Cates . Robert Malhame , who runs Malhame & Co -- a Catholic supply company on Long Island , says sales of the St. Joseph Statue spiked last year . And he expects the trend to last . "  We 're probably going to sell over 100,000 this year , " he says . The biggest demand is coming from the Northeast and the Midwest , he says . Jan Wheelehan , the store manager at a Catholic retail supply store in St. Louis , Missouri , says the statues have been one of the better sellers , with sales increasing 25 percent this year . "  People seem more panicked and there is a hurried-ness to their expression when they come in , " she says . St. Joseph is even on the auction block . There are dozens of St. Joseph home-selling kits on Ebay . From glow in the dark St. Joseph statues to mini pocket shrines , St. Joseph has a whole new following . Burying St. Joseph statues has its own set of rules , too , although they can vary . Home sellers are instructed to dig a hole near the "  For Sale " sign . The hole should be three inches taller than the statue itself . The saint should then be facing the direction of the street . Then prayers to St. Joseph should be said before the saint is covered with dirt . Once the house is sold , St. Joseph should be dug up and put in a place of honor in the new home . Some renters have even cashed in on St. Joseph 's divine intervention in hopes of getting a break on rent or to have their application accepted . They buried St. Joseph statues in flowerpots . The statue 's feet should either be facing the street or in the direction you want to move , according to Cates . The whole statue-burying process was a bit hard to swallow for Joe Iannacone . His Dallas , Texas , home was on the market earlier this month . Iannacone first heard about the ritual from his godfather . "  I looked on the Web . It was less than $ 10 . So , I said why not ? " recalls Iannacone . Six hours later a young woman walked into the house and made a bid . "  I 'm not very religious , " says Iannacone . "  But that was pretty amazing . I was shocked . " St. Joseph may have made a believer out of some sellers , but for some real estate agents , selling a home is n't the work of a higher power . "  What a crock ! " says Connecticut real estate agent David D'Ausilio . "  As a Realtor I think it 's ridiculous . The business has always been simple . If a house is properly priced and properly exposed , it 'll attract buyers and it will sell -- St. Joseph or no St. Joseph . " Cates says the statue is more than just superstition . "  It 's the idea of getting beyond yourself . It 's about hoping and praying for something that is bigger than you are , " he says . And these days , maybe just a little hope for home sellers is n't such a bad thing . E-mail to a friend	With home sales falling , some sellers seek divine intervention Tradition says burying St. Joseph statues will help sell houses Sales of statues are brisk
CNN  The first female engineer to work on offshore oil and gas rigs in the U.K , knows what it 's like to be the only woman in sight for hundreds of kilometers . In her twenties , mathematician Ann Cairns was quite literally thrown in the deep end , working on British Gas rigs in the remote North Sea in the early 1980s . "  It started off with designing pipelines , testing them , blowing up the pipes and seeing what pressure they 'd burst at , " said the mother-of-one , originally from Newcastle in the north of England . Decades later , Cairns ' office is far more conventional -- though no less demanding . She is now the President of International Markets for credit card giant , Mastercard , overseeing 5,000 employees in over 200 countries . Funnily enough , Cairns says working in investment banking in the 1980s , was a more sexist environment than the all-male rigs . "  I think engineers , as I see it , are really team players , " she said . "  And providing that you have a scale that people can recognize and you add value to , then you 're seen not for who you are -- but what you can do . " Towards the end of the decade Cairns was again plunged in the deep end , this time joining Citigroup in 1987 -- just 19 days before the "  Black Monday " market crash . "  I think if you 're in the engineering world you love fixing things , " she said of coping under extreme pressure . "  And I found that I thrived in that environment . " It 's a trait that served Cairns well later in her career -- in 2008 she led the European team managing the Lehman Brothers ' Bankruptcy . Three years later Cairns joined Mastercard as the head of international business , managing all operations for the company outside of the U.S. Does she want to be the ultimate boss one day ? "  I think we have a fantastic CEO in Ajay Banga , but you know I think there 's nothing wrong with being ambitious and wanting to have the next job , " she said . "  So that 's a ` yes . ' " "  You 're only as good as your boss thinks you are . And if your boss does n't think you 're great , go and find another boss ! " "  I hope my daughter has learned that happiness and success are bound together -- you ca n't separate your business life from your family life . " Insight : Meet the woman controlling India 's money Watch : Five things you did n't know about Christine Lagarde	Mastercard boss Ann Cairns was also first female engineer on UK offshore oil rig Also led the European team managing the Lehman Brothers ' Bankruptcy
CNN  -- It 's hard not to notice Aziz N'Diaye . Standing at seven feet tall , the starting center for the University of Washington 's basketball team is a dominant force in American college basketball . His towering height and physical power , coupled with his impressive shot-blocking and rebounding skills , make the senior a serious prospect for a professional basketball career . But the imposing center 's past is just as compelling as his promising future . N'Diaye 's long journey to college basketball started several years ago on the other side of the Atlantic . "  I 'm originally from Dakar , which is the capital of Senegal , " explains N'Diaye , whose introspective tone contrasts with his imposing stature . "  I was going to a smaller high school over there ... for two years and I got offered to come to the States to finish my high-school career . " Read also : NBA boss finding Africa 's basketball stars The place that jump-started N'Diaye 's dream of playing in the NBA was the Sports for Education and Economic Development in Senegal  SEEDS  academy , a boarding school that gives eager young men from the West African country the opportunity to study and play basketball , with the possibility of being recruited to play on a bigger stage in the United States . Located in Thies , western Senegal , SEEDS uses sports as a vehicle to empower and support youth in the country while offering them quality education and helping them to improve their athletic skills . The academy provides up to 30 youngsters a year with a place to live , study and train , sheltering their dreams for a better future in a country where less than 20 % of children make it to high school . "  As Africans , we have a responsibility to build our community , " says Amadou Gallo Fall , who started the SEEDS foundation in 1998 , before opening the boarding school in 2003 . "  Those days are over where other people came , saw tremendous potential and resources that exist here and you know , exploited to their benefit or advantage . It 's about empowering our youth , making them see that there 's a pathway to success . " Read also : Why Africans will be basketball stars of tomorrow Fall , who also serves as the NBA 's vice president for development in Africa , is one of basketball 's most prominent figures in the continent . His vision to start SEEDS and help his fellow countrymen stems from his own personal experience as one of the first Senegalese to earn an education through basketball in the United States . Back in the late 1980s , Fall played for the University of the District of Columbia after his basketball talents were discovered by a member of the Peace Corps in Senegal . "  Everything started from there , " says Fall , who also pursued an MBA from Georgetown University while in the United States . Watch video : Shooting for the NBA After graduation , Fall worked for the Senegalese national team and later he accepted a position as international scout for the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks . Along the way , his desire to enable youth in his country to follow in his footsteps and gain a quality education grew even bigger . Fall realized that the power of sports to mobilize youth and give them a platform to fulfill their goals could be used for a bigger impact . The result was the establishment of SEEDS . "  To me , it was about how these young people could use their God-given talent to get an education , because that happened with me , " he says . "  Most of them did n't realize that possibility existed . So really , my thing was , how do we help them identify that this opportunity exists ? At some point I thought , in order to have a bigger impact , to reach more people , we wanted to really create something back in Senegal where it would be about , how do we use sports and the power of sports to contribute in the efforts of socio-economic developments in Senegal and Africa and beyond ? " Read also : Luc Mbah a Moute -- African prince of the NBA SEEDS has so far sent more than 40 Senegalese youngsters to study in the United States , giving 25 of them the chance to play at American colleges . For youngsters like N'Diaye , the lure of a quality education coupled with a chance to pursue his dream of one day playing in the NBA were enough to make him decide to go to SEEDS . "  It was a good academic school , " he says . "  It 's like , people going there , having the opportunity , the chance of traveling with basketball and having the chance of going to some camps and have some coaches take a look at them and see where their skill is at . "  At the end of the day , I wanted to come to the States because here , sports and education , they combined it . "	Academy in Senegal gives basketball scholarships to U.S. colleges The boarding school uses basketball as a vehicle to empower Senegal 's youth It lets them improve their basketball skills while offering them quality education So far the academy has sent some 40 kids to study in the United States
Brisbane , Australia  CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in the northern Australian city of Brisbane to a scorching spring day , and a distinctly chilly reception . Putin , in Australia with other world leaders for G20 talks , stepped off his flight from Moscow to be greeted by Australia 's deputy defense secretary , a junior minister in Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's cabinet . Standing nearby was a much bigger political personage , Australian Attorney-General George Brandis . Brandis made no attempt to greet the Russian leader . Not long after , though , Brandis was filmed enthusiastically welcoming Germany 's Angela Merkel and Chinese President Xi Jinping . If Putin had seen the local Courier Mail newspaper in the short limousine trip to his hotel he would have noticed a giant front page graphic of a Russian bear complete with fur cap , matching up to a boxing kangaroo , above the headline "  Ice Cold War . " Inside , splashed across two pages , was quote after quote from Abbott , revealing details of his 20-minute conversation with Putin on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  meeting in Beijing last week . Abbott said he told Putin that he should stop trying to "  recreate the lost glories of tsarism or the Soviet Union , " and he accused Russia of stepping up its aggression , which was part of a "  regrettable pattern . " Putin is clearly an isolated figure by Western leaders in particular at the two-day G20 , after reports that Russian troops and heavy weapons are being sent across the Russian border to separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine . British Prime Minister David Cameron warned Russia on Friday to change its course regarding Ukraine . Otherwise , he said , "  The relationship that Britain has with Russia , that the European Union has with Russia , the relationship that I hope Australia has with Russia , will be very different . " And Australia continues to show its anger towards Russia over the downing of MH17 , which claimed the lives of 28 Australian citizens when the plane went down over Ukraine . Add to that a flotilla of four Russian naval vessels off the coast of Australia , and tensions in Brisbane are running pretty high . Putin for his part remains unrepentant , and apparently unruffled . He told the Russian news agency in an interview on the eve of the Saturday and Sunday G20 that sanctions against Russia are against the principle of the World Trade Organization and undermine "  the whole system of international economic relations . " That is unlikely to cut much ice here . Ukraine is not officially on the agenda but it looms large over this gathering . The summit brings together the leaders of the United States , Britain , Germany and France -- countries that have been leading the sanctions against Russia . The G20 is a grouping whose job is actually to focus on financial and economic matters . Indeed , the stated aims of host Australia is to launch a new road map to boost global economic growth by two percentage points above the existing targets by 2018 , mainly through infrastructure spending , streamlined financial services , and a crackdown on tax laws . But that 's playing second fiddle to a real-time diplomatic drama unfolding in Brisbane . The heat is on , and it 's not just the unseasonably warm weather .	World leaders are in Australia for the G20 summit Russian leader Vladamir Putin is getting a chilly reception Reports that Russian troops and heavy weapons are being sent to eastern Ukraine
Washington  CNN  -- The Washington Monument was closed indefinitely as engineers study damage and ways to repair cracks at the top of the capital 's iconic structure caused by the 5.8-magnitude earthquake that rattled the East Coast this week . Tuesday 's quake caused a 4-foot crack in the pyramidion at the top of the 555-foot obelisk and several pieces of mortar fell inside the monument 's observation area during the earthquake , a National Park Service spokesman said . An outside structural engineering firm is conducting a thorough damage assessment , and the monument may not be reopened to the public until after any necessary repairs are completed , the spokesman added . "  It could be awhile and the most important thing is the visitors ' safety is key , is paramount , is chief and we 're not going to risk anyone going in and becoming injured , " National Park Service spokesman Bill Line said . The Washington National Cathedral also was closed after sustaining what its staff described as "  substantial damage , " including cracks in the building 's limestone blocks and broken pinnacles on its towers . Most federal buildings and monuments in Washington have reopened , including the Lincoln and Jefferson memorials . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Earthquake caused 4-foot crack at top of Washington Monument Fallen mortar was discovered in the obelisk 's observation deck Engineers are looking for more damage that might have been incurred
Atlanta  CNN  -- Bishop Eddie Long has apologized to the Anti-Defamation League over an incident in which he was wrapped in a Torah scroll and crowned "  king . " As shown in a video that went viral , the televangelist was wrapped in a "  Holocaust Torah " and crowned king during a recent ceremony at New Birth Missionary Baptist Church , his suburban Atlanta congregation . "  The ceremony was not my suggestion , nor was it my intent , to participate in any ritual that is offensive in any manner to the Jewish community , or any group . Furthermore , I sincerely denounce any action that depicts me as a King , for I am merely just a servant of the Lord , " Long wrote in a letter dated Saturday . The letter was addressed to Bill Nigut , southeast regional director of the Anti-Defamation League -- a Jewish group that fights anti-Semitism . "  While I believe that Rabbi Ralph Messer has good intentions during his message at New Birth , I understand that the ceremony he performed on Sunday , January 29th , caused harm to the Jewish community , for which I am deeply sorry , " Long wrote . On Sunday , Nigut acknowledged the apology and said he was grateful for it . "  I thought it was a very heartfelt , sincere , humble apology , " he told CNN . "  I was very gratified by Bishop Long apparently recognizing what our concern was . " Nigut said he was deeply offended by the "  fake ritual , " and by how the Torah was handled during it . Video from the ceremony showed Messer wrapping Long in the Torah scroll , which he said was recovered during the Holocaust . He then directed four men to lift a seated Long in his chair and parade him before the New Birth congregation . "  He is a king . God 's blessed him . He 's a humble man , but in him is kingship , royalty , " Messer shouted . He said during the ceremony that the Torah was a "  priceless " 312-year-old scroll that had been recovered from the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II . He said he wanted to honor Long "  on behalf of Jewish people , and the land of Israel . " Rabbi Hillel Norry of Congregation Shearith Israel in Atlanta said last week the ceremony was "  ridiculous . " There 's no Jewish coronation ceremony where someone is wrapped in a Torah and made a king , he said . "  We just do n't do that . We treat it with deference , " Norry said of the Torah . "  It 's not a shawl , not a crown . Do n't treat it that way . " Norry said Messer does n't appear to be an ordained rabbi in the Jewish faith . He also doubts that the Torah scroll that Long was wrapped in is actually 312 years old , and had somehow escaped detection in a concentration camp . Long is one of the most well-known televangelists in America . At its peak , New Birth had around 25,000 members , and Long 's sermons were broadcast around the globe . Two years ago , Long 's public image took a hit when four young men accused him of misusing his spiritual authority to coerce them into sexual relations . He settled out of court . Long 's wife , Vanessa , filed for divorce last year . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Eddie Long writes a letter of apology to the Anti-Defamation League In a ceremony , Long was wrapped in a Torah scroll and crowned "  king " He says the recent ceremony at his church was not his idea "  I am deeply sorry , " Long writes . Jewish leader calls apology "  heartfelt , sincere , humble "
CNN  The Mormon church has excommunicated a popular podcaster , saying his public dissents from the religion 's core beliefs have led others away from the church . John Dehlin , founder of the podcast "  Mormon Stories , " describes himself as an "  unorthodox " Mormon whose church roots reach back five generations . Under Tuesday 's penalty , however , Dehlin may not participate in church sacraments for at least one year . He has the right to appeal the decision . Dehlin is the second Mormon to be excommunicated in the past year , following Kate Kelly , who was kicked out last June for pushing the church to admit women to its all-male priesthood . Tuesday 's excommunication was announced in a letter to Dehlin from Brian King , the stake president , or local church leader , in North Logan , Utah . King said that Dehlin was not excommunicated for criticizing the church , which he has openly admitted to , but for denying core Mormon doctrines . The church has concluded that Dehlin 's views on the following amount to apostasy : -- Questioning the nature of God and divinity of Christ ; -- Calling the Book of Mormon and Book of Abraham , two central texts , fraudulent ; -- Teaching that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Mormon church 's official name , is not the "  true church with power and authority from God . " "  You have spread these teachings widely via the Internet to hundreds of people in the past and have shared with me , in previous correspondence , that you will continue to do so , " King wrote to Dehlin in a letter dated February 9 . Dehlin has said that he suspects his support for female ordination and same-sex marriage , both of which Mormon leaders oppose , was behind the effort to excommunicate him . In a statement on Tuesday , Dehlin said : "  My wife , Margi , and I are proud to stand in support of both free expression and gender/marriage equality within Mormonism . While we are saddened that the LDS Church has chosen to excommunicate me for publicly supporting these values , we support the church 's right to make this decision . " King and Mormon church spokesmen say that 's not true . "  Church disciplinary trials are usually kept private , but when the member has chosen to air their grievances in public , the Church reserves the right to correct the public record , " Mormon leaders said in a statement . "  Church discipline is not designed to be the end of the process , " church spokesmen said , "  but the beginning of the road back to full fellowship . " Dehlin , who has run the Mormon Stories podcast and a related website for about a decade , told NPR that he stopped attending church last year .	John Dehlin calls himself an "  unorthodox Mormon " Mormon leaders say Dehlin has led others away from the church
CNN  -- Police from California 's Bay Area Rapid Transit system have begun questioning witnesses to a confrontation that led to a BART police officer shoving an unruly man into a glass window , a top official said Monday . "  We will take our time and we will cover everything that needs to be covered , " said Daniel Hartwig , the patrol commander for the BART police force . Hartwig said detectives have identified and begun interviewing 12 witnesses to the confrontation , which occurred Saturday night at the West Oakland BART station . Based what is known so far , Hartwig said , the officer appears to have acted appropriately . The incident was captured on video and posted on the Internet , but has since been taken down . Hartwig said investigators have asked the person who posted the video online for his help , but had not received a response . Police released recordings of 911 calls in which witnesses and a train operator complained that the man arrested , Michael Joseph Gibson , appeared drunk and combative . In a statement issued earlier , BART police said he was "  yelling racial slurs and profanity at passengers and challenging customers to fight . " The video showed Gibson being pulled off the train by an officer who put him in an arm grip and forcibly walked him toward the station wall , which is topped by large windows . In the video , the officer forced Gibson against the window , which shattered . It was unclear exactly what caused the glass to break . The officer sustained facial cuts requiring stitches and a concussion , while Gibson suffered cuts to his hand , forearm , palm and head . The officer was placed on leave due to his injuries , authorities said . Gibson , 37 , of San Leandro , California , is to appear in court Tuesday afternoon , according to jail paperwork . He faces charges of battery on a police officer with injury and resisting arrest -- both felonies -- and public intoxication , a misdemeanor . He was being held in a jail outside Oakland on Monday evening . He has refused to talk to detectives investigating the case , Hartwig said . His sister , Lisa Gibson , told CNN on Sunday that her brother was diagnosed with bipolar/schizophrenic disorder and is under a doctor 's care . She said he was released from hospitalization earlier this month . Gibson said her brother appears intoxicated in the video . But she blasted the officer who made the arrest , saying , "  Whoever this officer is should n't have a job . He has no integrity and a combative mindset . " But Hartwig said police "  ca n't assume this person was mentally unstable . " Saturday 's scuffle is the latest incident to draw attention to BART . Johannes Mehserle , a former BART officer , has been charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed man at a transit station on January 1 . He faces trial in Los Angeles County , where a judge moved the trial after the shooting -- also caught on video -- prompted widespread media coverage and protests . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Officer seen on video forcing unruly man into heavy-duty glass , which shattered Police are interviewing 12 witnesses to the confrontation Video of Bay Area Rapid Transit incident posted on YouTube Scuffle follows January shooting death of unarmed man at BART station
CNN  -- Pirates traded gunfire with Togo security forces early Tuesday from a hijacked oil tanker off the west coast of Africa , the International Maritime Bureau said . "  Apparently there was an exchange of fire between pirates on board the hijacked tanker and the naval patrol vessel , " said Cyrus Mody , spokesman for the maritime bureau , based in London . A representative for Golden Energy Management , the Greek company that chartered the vessel , said there were 24 crew members on board , all of them Russian . The representative had no information on the condition of the crew and said company officials in Athens have been unable to establish contact with the sailors . The Isle of Man-flagged Energy Centurion was seized off the coast of the Togolese capital Lome , where it was anchored . A security official in Togo said authorities received the alert from the oil tanker around 2 a.m. "  We quickly sent patrols after it , but we did not succeed in catching the pirates who took control of the tanker and disappeared off the coast of neighboring Benin , " said Col. Djibril Inoussa , the communications director of Togo Armed Forces . Pirate attacks down off Somalia , up off Nigeria This is the second such attack in less than two weeks in the Gulf of Guinea , off the west coast of Africa . "  This has been an area of risk and a hotspot for a number of years , " said Mody . He said the number of piracy incidents in Nigerian waters has been severely under-reported , and tend to be overshadowed by Somali piracy . While Somali piracy remains a serious threat , there has been an increase of attacks in the Gulf of Guinea , according to a recent report from International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center . The report said there were 32 attacks this year in the Gulf of Guinea -- including five hijackings , versus 25 in 2011 . The main difference between the East and West African pirate activities is that almost all the incidents in Nigeria are conducted within its territorial waters , whereas most of the incidents along the eastern coast of Africa and the Gulf of Aden occur on the high seas , according to the maritime bureau . Mody said it is possible that the same group responsible for Tuesday 's attack was involved in the hijacking of a UK-operated oil tanker August 19 . That vessel was later released off the coast of Nigeria . "  Their modus-operandi is to target mainly oil tankers , and steal the cargo , " said Mody . He said refined oil -- gas or diesel -- is easy to sell on open black markets . The hijacked vessel is then either taken to the same location where it was picked up , or moved to another site and released . Mody said pirates also go through each crew cabin to see what they can take . He said crews are often beaten up , sometimes severely . "  Nigerian incidents tend to be very violent towards the crew , " Mody said . Man described as high-ranking Somali pirate gets multiple life sentences Journalists Erick Kaglan in Togo and Elinda Labropoulou in Athens contributed to this report	Pirates take over a Greek-operated tanker off the coast of Togo The pirates and members of the Togo navy exchange gunfire , the International Maritime Bureau says "  This has been an area of risk and a hotspot for number of years , " a maritime official says
Claire Danes ' hot streak at the Emmys is making her a bit bashful . The 34-year-old "  Homeland " actress told CNN backstage that she was a bit overwhelmed to be this year 's outstanding lead actress in a drama winner . "  This is preposterous , " Danes said . "  It 's wonderful , and I 'm very , very grateful -- and it 's a little hard to accept , you know ? " Danes has played the troubled but brilliant intelligence officer Carrie Mathison on Showtime 's "  Homeland " since 2011 , and Sunday night 's win marked her second victory in a row as lead actress in a drama . "  I get shy , but I do n't mean to reject it any way . I 'm so touched by it , so grateful for it , " she said . "  I 'm going back to work , and this will be a lovely thing to pass around the crew , and people can take photos with it . The point is the work itself . " 2013 Emmys : The winners list Michael Douglas was more embracing of his big honor -- the movie star landed his first Emmy for his work in the TV movie "  Behind the Candelabra . " "  This is what you dream about , " he told CNN . "  I got one of the best parts of my life , and my co-star Matt Damon was brilliant . " During his acceptance speech , Douglas made sure to shine the spotlight on Damon , who was also nominated in the outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie category for "  Behind the Candelabra . " "  Thank you so much to the great performances by all the other nominees , but obviously , there 's one nominee in particular that I really have to thank . This is a two-hander , " Douglas said with a laugh , holding the Emmy . "  And Matt , you 're only as good as your other hand . You were magnificent , and the only reason I 'm standing here is because of you . So you really deserve half of this . Do you want the bottom or the top ? " Damon , who 'd been laughing along with the rest of the audience , responded , "  Top . " Past Emmys hosts show up to help Neil Patrick Harris Douglas seemed in jovial spirits in spite of some recent personal turmoil .  The actor separated from his wife , Catherine Zeta-Jones .  He admitted the role of Liberace was one of the best parts he 's ever had . "  This was one of the best two or three scripts I 've ever had in my life , " he told CNN . "  I have nothing but the fondest memories , and the fact is this all came about right after my whole cancer spell . So one day , I 'm thinking about mortality , and then the next  director  Steven  Soderbergh  comes and says , ` We 've got this great project , and Matt 's going to play your partner ' ... and here we are . " The award for the biggest upset of the night went to Jeff Daniels , who won the outstanding lead actor in a drama Emmy , snagging it from odds-on-favorite Bryan Cranston of "  Breaking Bad . " Emmys 2013 : Bryan Cranston , man of the moment Visibly shocked when he took the stage to receive his first Emmy , the "  Newsroom " actor admitted -- while chewing gum , "  Well , crap ... did n't expect this . I usually do n't win anything . " Daniels later told CNN backstage he was just being honest . "  I 've been nominated a few times , but it always goes to somebody else , and you kind of get used to that , " he said . "  It 's a wonderful feeling . It 'll probably hit me on Wednesday . "	Claire Danes admits to being "  shy " about winning Emmy again "  Homeland " star won best dramatic actress award for second year "  Behind the Candelabra 's " Michael Douglas calls Liberace role one of his best Jeff Daniels on winning : "  Well , crap ... did n't expect this "
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department and attorneys general from six states and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit Tuesday challenging the $ 11 billion merger of American Airlines and US Airways , saying the combination would lead to higher prices and less service for consumers . The merger , which would create the world 's largest airline , would "  substantially lessen competition " for commercial air travel , contends the complaint , filed in U.S. District Court in Washington . The carriers said in a joint statement that they would mount a "  vigorous and strong defense " of their deal and pursue all legal options to move it forward . "  We believe that the DOJ is wrong in its assessment of our merger . Integrating the complementary networks of American and US Airways to benefit passengers is the motivation for bringing these airlines together . Blocking this procompetitive merger will deny customers access to a broader airline network that gives them more choices , " the companies said . Opinion : Why American-US Airways deal is good US Airways shares slid more than 9 percent on Wall Street . American is operating under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . A top concern is local markets , the Justice Department said . It cited the example of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport , where the combined airline would control 69 % of takeoff and landing slots , and 63 % of the outbound nonstop routes . The Justice Department also said in its complaint that if the two airlines were allowed to merge , there would be higher fees for baggage and flight changes . The states that joined the antitrust lawsuit are : Texas , where American 's parent company AMR Corp. is based ; Arizona , home base for US Airways ; Florida ; Pennsylvania ; Tennessee ; and Virginia . The lawsuit comes as somewhat of a surprise . In recent years the Justice Department has allowed other big airline mergers -- Delta gobbled up Northwest , and United absorbed Continental -- in part because the airline industry was losing so much money and the mergers were seen as necessary for survival . But airlines are now making billions of dollars , not only from higher fares but also from $ 6 billion in fees they collected in 2012 alone , for baggage and seat selection and other things that used to be included in fares . Minority businesses would fight any US Air merger American and US Airways had touted their combination as one that "  joins two highly complementary networks with access to the best destinations around the globe -- offering you increased choices , improved efficiency and better options " under American 's Oneworld alliance . The Justice Department lawsuit cites internal documents from the airlines to show that the merger is n't needed and in fact would lead to cuts in programs that benefit travelers . An example is US Airways ' Advantage Fares discount program , which executives said would likely be eliminated after the merger , according to the Justice Department . Without the merger , antitrust officials said , other airlines would be forced to continue to match US Airways ' discounts to compete . American has been in bankruptcy protection since 2011 and has been working to get approval from antitrust authorities and shareholders for the merger so it can emerge from court protection . The companies had hoped to complete the deal by the end of September . The European Union this month cleared the merger with the condition that the airline give up slots to allow new competition in the Philadelphia-to-London route . CNNMoney 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	The merged American Airlines-US Airways would be the world 's largest airline Lawsuit : The merger would "  substantially lessen competition " for air travel Airline mergers won approval in recent years amid the poor economy , but industry now making money NEW : American/US Airways say they will fight government attempt to block their deal
CNN  -- Unlike Greece , Spain and Italy , Hungary does not use the euro single currency , but it is afflicted by similar debt problems . Fears are now growing that Hungary could go bankrupt , prompting it to request help from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund . So is Hungary the next step on Europe 's path to meltdown ? How much does Hungary owe ? It is eastern Europe 's most indebted nation , with a debt-to-GDP ratio of 80 % . Despite receiving a $ 15.8 billion loan by the IMF in 2008 , the country is now asking for more . It needs up to $ 25 billion in loans just to stablilize the struggling forint currency , but this will only go so far . Other countries such as Italy and the UK have similar or higher debt levels , but as Viktor Szabo , former head of market analyis at the National Bank of Hungary , points out , his country is more at risk because its savings are much lower and it is more reliant on foreign investment . What does this mean ? The net effect is that Hungary is paying an unsustainable 10 % premium over one year to service its debts . If Budapest defaults on its debts , banks in eurozone countries , Austria in particular , whose banks ' balance sheets which be hit . This could trigger the "  contagion " effect which has been so destabilizing to the eurozone countries . Hungary 's problems were compounded when its credit rating was junked by the major ratings agencies , meaning its debt is now regarded as high risk and making it more expensive to raise money to refinance existing obligations . Will Hungary get its loans ? Not necessarily . The EU says Hungary is failing to cut its budget deficit fast enough , as it has demanded with other countries seeking bailouts . The situation is complicated by the fact that the EU is threatening to take Hungary to the European Court of Justice over that country 's new constitution that critics say undermines the independence of key state institutions , rigs the electoral system and curbs press freedoms . Both the EU and IMF say they will refuse to extend aid to Budapest unless the government there guarantees the independence of the central bank . The heads of both those institutions spoke out over fears proposed reforms will give the Hungarian government undue influence over monetary policy . How did this situation come about ? Current Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban came to power in April 2010 with a landslide victory that meant his Fidesz party could rule without coalition partners for the first time since the fall of communism . Armed with a comfortable two thirds majority in parliament , the new government set about cutting red tape . But critics say that after less than two years in power , Orban 's iron grip over crucial  and supposedly independent  institutions is tightening . The changes to the constitution enacted over the new year have sparked protests in the country amid concerns they will curtail freedom of the press . So will Hungary change course ? The Hungarian government has indicated it is ready to meet some of the criticisms of the EU and IMF but critics say it is taking an isolationist position . Former First Deputy Foreign Minister Matyas Eorsi , who helped steer Hungary towards EU accession in 2004 , told CNN he believed this approach was doomed . "  You can not run such a small country in the middle of Europe by claiming an independence war against everybody around you , " he told CNN . The government has "  declared a freedom fight against international institutions like the IMF , " said Eorsi , while at home , "  it has systematically dismantled the checks and balances of independent institutions . " With the current set up Hungary risks a "  catastrophe , " he warned . What will happen next ? The government had two strategies , said Szabo : to cut debt and boost growth . "  Neither worked , " he said . The EC had asked Hungary to cut its debt to GDP ratio by half a percentage point , but it in fact rose by several points . "  The high-risk premium shows a lack of confidence in the markets about Hungary . People are starting to take money out of banks and put it into foreign currency , and open accounts abroad . " There are now two outcomes : Hungary will go bust , said Szabo , or it must "  surrender and accept all conditions of the IMF and the EU . " Former minister Eorsi agreed , and urged PM Orban to either change his domestic policies now or resign . Failing that , he said , the Fidesz party had a duty to oust their leader at the next parliamentary vote .	Hungary requests help from EU , IMF over fears it could go bankrupt It is eastern Europe 's most indebted nation , with a debt-to-GDP ratio of 80 % Problems compounded when credit rating was junked by major ratings agencies Situation complicated with EU threatening legal action over Hungary 's new constitution
New York  CNN  -- Officials have now identified all three people killed in the hot air balloon fire and crash at a Virginia festival . They are the 65-year-old pilot , Daniel Kirk ; and two passengers : Natalie Lewis , 24 , and Virginia "  Ginny " Doyle , 44 . Both Lewis and Doyle were members of the University of Richmond women 's basketball program , the university said . "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic event and the loss of Ginny . Words can not express how we feel or our remorse , " the Doyle family said in a statement Monday . "  She touched the lives of many and lived life to the fullest . She will be greatly missed and holds a special place in all our hearts . " What authorities still do not know is what caused the balloon to drift into power lines , catch fire and crash Friday night . Police and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating . Norm Hyde , spokesman for festival host Meadow Event Park , said Federal Aviation Administration inspectors were on site Friday , checking balloons and safety records before the balloons took off . All the balloons ' safety records were up to date , he said . Weather conditions are one of the elements investigators are looking at , NTSB air safety investigator Heidi Moats said . There was no inclement weather at the time and , so far , officials do n't believe those conditions played a role in the crash , Geller said over the weekend . Thirteen hot air balloons had been soaring on the eve of the Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival in Doswell , and three were landing close to each other . Two landed safely , Geller said , but as the third balloon descended , it hit a power line , sparking a fire that spread quickly . The pilot began doing his safety maneuvers and "  took every step to manage the situation , " Geller said . But then there was an explosion , and the basket and balloon separated . How safe is hot air ballooning ?	Two victims were part of University of Richmond college basketball program Event spokesman : FAA inspected balloons ; all safety records were up to date Authorities are investigating the cause of the crash
CNN  -- She stumbled into the business naked , bleeding and burned . And in desperate need of help . This 16-year-old girl thankfully got it , and more than a month later is in good condition at a hospital and undergoing rehab , Charles City County , Virginia , sheriff 's Capt. Jayson Crawley said . And the man accused of doing this to her ? Authorities say they think he is now in custody in Maryland , where he was caught coming out of a vehicle with a woman he 'd allegedly abducted Sunday night in Philadelphia . The suspect in both cases is Delvin Barnes , 37 . Talking about Barnes , Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said authorities "  do n't know much  about him  other than the fact he 's a thug and this is what he does , apparently . " "  People like this , there 's nothing that makes sense , " Ramsey told reporters . "  Do n't even try to find it . " Abducted Philadelphia woman found alive Official : Teen doused with gas , bleach , set on fire There 's no way of avoiding the horror , however , of what at least two young women endured about 275 miles away and just over a month from each other . The Virginia teen went missing first , with her family calling the Charles City County Sheriff 's Office on October 1 . Her nightmare began when , she later told police , the teenager was hit in the head with a shovel and stuffed into the trunk of a car , according to Crawley . The girl told police that her abductor took her to his parents ' house in Charles City County and sexually assaulted her .  Barnes ' parents do n't remember whether they were home at the time , the sheriff 's captain said . He then showed her pictures of other girls , claiming he 'd done the same thing to them , according to the 16-year-old . Two days later , the suspect allegedly brought the then-naked girl into the backyard , poured bleach and gasoline on her , burned her clothes and dug a hole . "  How do you want to die ? " he asked , the teenager told police . When he got distracted , the girl fled into the woods . Two miles away , employees at a Charles City County business spotted her and brought her inside , Crawley explained . She was suffering from third-degree burns , but she was alive . Chief calls Barnes ' a vicious predator ' DNA from the victim was put into a national database to try to find her abductor . On October 28 , that test matched with Barnes -- the same man the teenage girl ID 'd from a photo lineup of mug shots , according to Crawley . After all , Barnes had been in jail before . Crawley said that Barnes had an extensive criminal history , and an online public records search bears that out . It shows dozens of charges from over the years , from traffic infractions to use of a firearm in a robbery to aggravated assault and false imprisonment . Then there are the charges of attempted capital murder , abduction , forcible rape , malicious wounding and malicious wounding using a chemical , in the Virginia case . The latest allegation comes from Philadelphia , one of a few places  along with Charles City , Virginia Beach and Richmond in Virginia  where Barnes has lived . That 's where video , released by police , showed 22-year-old Carlesha Freeland-Gaither walking just blocks from her home when she is brought to the ground and forced into a vehicle Sunday . Her glasses and cell phone drop onto the road during the struggle . But , even after she breaks out a passenger 's side window , her efforts prove futile as the car pulls away . As with the Virginia case in October , authorities do n't believe the victim knew her abductor . Freeland-Gaither and Barnes were found three days later in Jessup , Maryland , 15 miles southwest of Baltimore . A big reason authorities managed to track them down had do with Barnes ' past , but not the criminal variety . A car dealer who had sold the vehicle allegedly used in Freeland-Gaither 's abduction tipped off authorities after recognizing Barnes from a surveillance video released by police , Ramsey said . The dealer had placed a GPS in the car because of worries about Barnes ' bad credit , according to Crawley . Videos , tips lead authorities to alleged abductor Following his arrest , Barnes was booked into the Baltimore County detention center in Towson at 3:40 a.m. Thursday . He waived his extradition to Virginia . Barnes is scheduled to make an appearance in court November 12 , according to Crawley . The Philadelphia police commissioner hopes Barnes will always be in the sights of law enforcement . "  He 's a vicious predator . He 's off the streets . And hopefully he 'll be in jail for the rest of his life , " Ramsey said . "  That 's the only thing he deserves . " CNN 's Tina Burnside , Jean Casarez , Lawrence Crook III , Chuck Johnston and Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this report .	Sheriff 's captain : Suspect asked teen girl in Virginia , "  How do you want to die ? " The girl says she was hit in the head with a shovel , stuffed in the trunk of a car Delvin Barnes is being held in connection with a young Philadelphia woman 's abduction He also faces abduction , forcible rape and other charges out of Virginia , official says
CNN  -- David Michaelis ' new biography of Charles M. Schulz explores the man behind "  Peanuts , " the comic strip that has delighted readers for decades . CNN.com appealed to fans out there to say what Linus , Lucy and Charlie Brown meant to them . Joy Hernandez has collected stuffed Snoopys since she was young ; her dog , Dottie , is a Snoopy doppelganger . Readers responded with tales of bonding with family members while reading "  Peanuts , " even meeting Schulz and finding inspiration and companionship in the strip 's characters . Below is a selection of responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity : Elise Marrion of Midland , Texas My grandmother always loved "  Peanuts , " and across the generations , that was one of the things we shared . When I was 7 years old , I spent a summer with her in Denver and every morning , I raced to find "  Peanuts " in the comics section . A retired teacher , Grandma always made me read at least one front-page news story before I was allowed to read the comics . That task turned into a great love of newspapers , and it inspired me to pursue a career in journalism . Sadly she passed away before I received my degree , but I still keep her Peppermint Patty doll to remind me of her and our times reading "  Peanuts " together . Kimberly Mercier of Santa Rosa , California The "  Peanuts " characters were more like friends , when I was growing up . Woodstock and Snoopy were always my favorites , even today . I spent many years ice skating in Santa Rosa as a child and would often see Charles Schulz there at his favorite table in the Warm Puppy Cafe in front of the fireplace . Sometimes , we got to watch him and his "  senior " team play broomball on the ice . They enjoyed themselves so much . Mr. Schulz was always kind and friendly to me , and when I became an adult with sons of my own , he treated them with equal kindness , a warm smile and hello . We have the loveliest memories of the "  Peanuts " characters and their creator , a beloved man in our town . Susan Clifton of Chalfont , Pennsylvania This is more a comment on Mr. Schulz than the "  Peanuts " characters . I was in my early teens and a huge hockey fan . I loved the "  Peanuts " programs and coloring books and my parents told me that Charles Schulz was a big hockey fan , too . I wrote him a letter telling him of our shared interest , and before I knew it , I received a personalized letter , along with two cartoons with the "  Peanuts " gang playing hockey -- each signed with a little note . I treasured that letter and personalized cartoons so much and always loved him for the fact that he would take the time to send them to me . It pains me beyond words that those pieces got lost along the way and are gone forever . Zac Davis of Blue Springs , Missouri My favorite "  Peanuts " strip shows Snoopy typing on his typewriter a statement that details a struggle in many men 's lives  apparently even Schulz 's own  : "  Girls and root beer are not the answer . " Brian Heraty of Chicago , Illinois I remember snippets of the "  Peanuts " gang throughout my childhood . ... From "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown " and Christmas specials to "  Snoopy vs. the Red Baron , " memories of Charlie Brown and the gang abound . In all that time , there were always two answers that eluded me : Why are all the boys bald or balding , and what 's the deal with Peppermint Patty ? Pedro Valle of San Juan , Puerto Rico My favorite "  Peanuts " character has always been Linus Van Pelt . His view on humanity is unique , like an outsider looking in . In fact , my favorite "  Peanuts " moment ever is when Charlie Brown challenges Linus ' dream to become a little country doctor . He asks Linus how he could become a doctor if he ca n't deal with humanity . The very wise Linus responds : "  I love humanity ; it 's people I ca n't stand . " That sums up my own feelings to the letter . Vicki Boston of Tucson , Arizona I always love watching Charlie Brown and his "  Peanuts " gang on the holiday specials . I see myself as a Marcie or Peppermint Patty type . I even played Peppermint Patty in grade school when we did two Charlie Brown skits , and I loved it . Melanie Taylor of Manchester , England I am 33 years of age and still enjoy watching the "  Peanuts " cartoon shows . The Charlie Brown Christmas special would be , to this day , my ultimate favorite . As a kid , I hated being bullied , put down , let down , always had very few true friends who never passed judgment on me . In that , Charlie was "  me . " Linus would be my best friend Tammy , and no matter what , through thick and thin , Tammy was by my side , no matter how cruel the world was around us . We both had a true friendship bond back then . She is someone I wish I knew where she was . I would call her this instant if I knew how or where to find her . I would be calling her up and telling her that "  our show is on . " Shannon Brady of Austin , Texas I remember having "  A Charlie Brown Christmas " when I was very little . I used to watch that thing about 50 times a day till it finally died . Charlie Brown was the greatest . Kat Smith of Fort Washington , Maryland I have been a fan of "  Peanuts " since I was a young girl . My aunt was a fan , and through her I too became a fan . There are so many quips and strips to choose from , but my all-time favorite quotes come from Linus . One came about during breakfast with his sister , Lucy , and some dialogue about snicker-snacks  the cereal they were eating  . I do n't remember all of it , but Linus told Lucy , "  My heart bleeds for the snicker-snacks company . " And of course there is the strip where Snoopy sent a sincere letter to the IRS asking it to please remove him from its mailing list . ... I 've often wondered if I could do the same . Classic . Mark Eustace of Burlington , Ontario The greatest moment was in "  A Charlie Brown Christmas " when Linus walks on stage with a single spotlight and explains the true meaning of Christmas . At my house you could hear a pin drop during that scene . Cassey Pelkey of Birmingham , England The most touching strip was the one printed just after Charles Schulz 's death . I have been a "  Peanuts " since I was 2 years old , and absolutely love them all . I think we can all see a little bit of Lucy , Peppermint Patty , Pigpen , Snoopy , Charlie Brown , Linus ... in ourselves if we reflect on it . That 's what makes it endearing . ... It 's about Everyman . Kelly Cromwell of New York I have been a "  Peanuts " fan since a young child . Drawing Snoopy and collecting comic books were an obsession when growing up . So when I decided to get a tattoo at age 28 , I could think of nothing better than a dancing Snoopy . Ten years later , it still makes me smile . Joe Keilholz of Apex , North Carolina I have loved Charlie Brown since I was a kid . There is n't a single holiday that does n't feel complete without watching any of the animated series , and not a day goes by without reading the classic strip . I 've even gone so far as to try and get a tattoo with my face caricatured on Charlie Brown 's body . The ring tone on my cell phone is Linus and Lucy , the e-mail address I send to everyone is Charlie Brown and my login names on almost every site are Charlie Brown-related . I can actually go on a bit more than this , but feel I should stop here . Needless to say , I feel very much like I 'm a real life Charlie Brown . As to a catchphrase , of course the classic "  Good Grief " is among the leaders . Grace Cavanaugh of Novato , California I have loved Snoopy and the gang for as long as I can remember . My first boyfriend gave me his Snoopy collection when he found out how much I loved the beagle . I still have it all . I think that Peppermint Patty would be the "  Peanuts " character that I most identify with . She is bold but sometimes just so unsure of herself that it hits the right cord . Jacquelyn Bradley-Petersen of Ontario , California You can never get enough of the "  Peanuts " gang . I always try and read the comic strip , but constantly watch the show , old videos and every special on every occasion . I will always love Charlie Brown . Watching it makes me smile and get into a zone where I forget about the day and everything else around me . Complete fun and goodness , serenity . Everyone can relate to one of the characters , especially Charlie Brown . At least I can . Thank you for talking about this and letting me relive some memories and have a nice moment . Long live the "  Peanuts " gang , Charles Schulz and good old Charlie Brown . E-mail to a friend	New biography of Charles M. Schulz reveals details of his personal life Book says Schulz played out his personal problems in the "  Peanuts " characters CNN.com asked readers to share their memories of the "  Peanuts " strip I-Report : Share your "  Peanuts " memories , memorabilia
CNN  It was a lawsuit pitting two larger-than-life personalities against each other -- former pro wrestler-turned-Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura and ex-Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle . On Tuesday , Ventura was victorious as a federal jury in Minnesota awarded him more than $ 1.8 million , deciding that Kyle 's 2012 best-selling autobiography , "  American Sniper " defamed Ventura . "  I do n't feel great . I mean I feel good over the fact that I 've been vindicated , that now they know the story was not true . It was fabricated from Day One , " Ventura told CNN affiliate WCCO . The suit centered on a passage in which Kyle , who was slain in 2013 , described fighting with a man in a California bar in 2006 during the wake for SEAL Mikey Monsoor , who was killed in Iraq in 2006 . Kyle wrote that he hit the man after he said that the SEALs "  deserve to lose a few , " according to numerous media reports , including CNN affiliate KARE . In later interviews , Kyle said he was referring to Ventura . In the suit , Ventura denied making the statements in the book . Ventura filed the suit before Kyle 's death , according to the New York Times . At his deposition in 2012 , Kyle continued to insist his book accurately described his clash with Ventura . "  He was complaining about the war , that we should n't be there , " Kyle testified . "  Complaining about Bush , that , you know , Bush was a war criminal . How we were killing innocent men and women and children overseas . " Taya Kyle , Chris Kyle 's widow , is listed on the jury verdict paperwork because she is the executor of his estate . She provided a written statement to the WCCO : "  When it comes to my family , honor and standing up for what is right , I am never out of the fight . " The station said her attorney told reporters they might appeal the verdict . Some are blasting Ventura on social media because they feel Ventura 's actions are tantamount to suing a slain service member 's widow . Several are posting unflattering photo-shopped images of Ventura and calling him names . On Wednesday , HarperCollins spokeswoman Sharyn Rosenblum told CNN that the publisher is removing passages which refer to Ventura . Kyle 's killing in 2013 In 2013 , a Marine veteran was accused of shooting and killing Kyle , 38 , and Kyle 's friend Chad Littlefield at a Texas gun range near Fort Worth . Ex-Navy sniper , another military vet , killed at range CNN reported at the time that Erath County Sheriff Tommy Bryant said the ex-Marine suspect , 25-year-old Eddie Ray Routh , admitted to his sister that he shot the men . Routh did n't explain to her why he did it , Bryant said . At the time of the shooting , Bryant said that Routh 's mother , a longtime schoolteacher , "  may have reached out to Mr. Kyle to try and help her son . " Kyle had established the nonprofit FITCO Cares Foundation to help veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder obtain exercise equipment . Littlefield was Kyle 's friend and also worked to help people with PTSD , said FITCO Director Travis Cox . The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported in December 2013 that Kyle and Littlefield had taken Routh to the gun range believing it would help Routh deal with PTSD . Routh was scheduled for trial in October but it has been postponed , according to the newspaper , which said that defense attorneys were examining thousands of documents . On April 30 , the Stephenville Empire-Tribune reported that the trial was again postponed in order to conduct DNA testing . Routh is being held at the Erath County Jail on a $ 3 million bond for capital murder , according to the newspaper . He has not entered a plea , said Erath District Court Clerk Wanda Pringle . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Jesse Ventura says he is happy to be vindicated Former Minnesota governor sued the late Chris Kyle , alleging defamation Ventura sued before Kyle was shot to death at a Texas gun range in 2013 Kyle had said his account of Ventura incident was accurate
CNN  -- Cluster boxes . If you have n't heard of them yet , you will soon . They are about to change something basic about American life : the sight of the mail carrier strolling up to the front door to drop off that day 's letters , magazines , bills and advertising fliers . Door-to-door mail delivery appears to be a luxury that the U.S. Postal Service no longer can afford . It 's no secret that the Postal Service is in terrible financial trouble ; last year the agency lost $ 16 billion . No business can afford to go on that way without making dramatic changes . As CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto reported from Washington last week , the Postal Service has begun telling communities with new housing developments that mail carriers will not provide doorstep , or even curbside , delivery . Instead , cluster boxes -- groupings of mailboxes at a centralized point in the community -- will be constructed . Homeowners will be expected to leave their houses and go to the nearest cluster box to pick up their daily mail . And in Congress , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , is proposing that door-to-door delivery be done away with not just in new developments , but at existing homes , too . He believes the Postal Service could save $ 4 billion a year this way . It 's hard to counter the argument that if something drastic is n't done , the Postal Service simply wo n't be able to operate much longer . With Americans relying more and more on e-mail and text messages , and with bills being routinely paid online , the Postal Service is n't bringing in enough revenue to justify the enormous costs of universal mail delivery . Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe has been pushing for the elimination of Saturday mail delivery , but congressional resistance made him put the plan on hold . Even though Donahoe says that Saturday delivery is no longer fiscally feasible , members of Congress are reluctant to anger their constituents -- both individuals and businesses -- by letting the plan go through . If the cluster boxes begin proliferating , though , and people are told that the mail carrier wo n't be appearing at their doors , you can expect widespread unhappiness and high-decibel frustration . It 's not that people do n't understand that the Postal Service is on the ropes . But to declare such a fundamental American tradition -- the arrival of the postal carrier at the front door -- past tense will not go unnoticed or uncontested . It 's hardly wild speculation to predict that people will not relish having to go out into the weather every time they want to retrieve their mail . Some wo n't trust the security of the group mailboxes , no matter how many assurances they receive . They 'll be especially vexed on rainy or snowy days when they make the trip to the cluster boxes , only to find that the carrier has n't arrived yet . For those accustomed to door-to-door mail service , the act of picking up and sorting through the mail in front of other people may feel less private . Opinion : No more Saturday visits from Bob Yet the really noteworthy thing is not what may be ending -- the noteworthy thing is what we have taken on faith for so long . If someone in government , today , were proposing to start the Postal Service from scratch , offering the amenities Americans are accustomed to , he 'd be laughed out of the room . "  You 're saying that this service of yours would be expected to send uniformed workers to every house and business in America ? " "  Yes . " "  How would the homeowners and business owners summon these couriers ? " "  They would n't have to summon them -- the postal workers would be required to just automatically show up . " "  How often ? " "  Every day but Sunday . " "  And then you say that they 'd carry the letter anywhere in the country ? Door to door ? " "  Yes . " "  So how much would it cost to take a letter from , say , St. Louis , Missouri , to Kansas City , Missouri ? " "  Forty-six cents . " "  But how can you possibly do such a thing so cheaply ? " "  Some people will complain that it 's too expensive . " "  All right -- but if it 's 46 cents to take a letter from one town in Missouri to another town in Missouri , how much would it cost to carry a letter from , say , New York to San Francisco ? " "  Forty-six cents . " "  What ? " "  It would cost the same , no matter how great the distance . " "  That makes no sense at all . What about the cost of fuel ? How can you charge the same amount for a letter to go five miles as you charge for it to go 3,000 miles ? " "  Because that 's what people will insist on . " It does sound impossible , does n't it ? It sounds like a plan so farfetched that it would never get off the ground . Yet it has been an unquestioned part of the way we 've always lived . We no longer live that way . We expect our information to reach us instantly , on screens and phones and tablets , wherever we may be . But we expect to receive our mail the old way , too . It 's an unenviable position for the people who run the Postal Service to be in . See you at the cluster box . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Postal service may kill door-to-door service , switch to ` cluster boxes ' He says it 's an unpopular idea , but postal service must find ways to save money He says if a personalized service like mail delivery were proposed today , it would n't fly Greene : Cluster boxes almost inevitable ; postal service is in an unenviable position
CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney has escaped further punishment after a show of petulance following his sending off during Manchester United 's weekend defeat at Fulham . Wayne Rooney confronts referee Phil Dowd following his dismissal during the defeat at Fulham . But Rooney will receive a formal written warning from the Football Association after punching the corner flag when ordered from the pitch . Rooney was dismissed for two bookable offences during his side 's 2-0 defeat -- the second caution coming after he hurled the ball in the direction of where referee Phil Dowd wanted a free kick taken . Although Rooney exchanged words with Dowd after being shown red , the official has confirmed he was not sworn at by the player . An FA spokesman said : "  We have clarified with Phil Dowd that there was no abuse from the player after he was dismissed . "  In relation to the incident when he punched the corner flag , the referee did not see that and we have written to Wayne Rooney reminding him of his responsibilities . " It means Rooney will only be suspended for one game , the Premier League visit of Aston Villa to Old Trafford on April 5 .	Wayne Rooney escapes further punishment following dismissal at Fulham England striker punched corner flag after being red carded by ref Phil Dowd Rooney must sit out Manchester United 's home game against Aston Villa
CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak will remain behind bars , even though he won an appeal in which he asked to be released while awaiting a retrial , Egyptian state-run media said Monday . An appeals court granted his appeal Monday , technically freeing him in the case involving the killing of nonviolent protesters during the 2011 uprising that brought him down . But that action was made moot when the court also ordered that he remain detained in connection with newer corruption charges that were added to the older allegations , state media said . State media confirmed the court 's orders Monday afternoon , after conflicting reports from state media and the country 's Information Ministry about whether the orders were made . The retrial was supposed to begin on Saturday , but was delayed after the judge recused himself and walked out , leaving the court without leadership . The appeals court has 60 days to appoint a new judge for the trial , lawyers said . On Monday , Mubarak 's lawyers petitioned an appeals court to release him , Egypt 's semiofficial Ahram News Agency reported . Egyptian law allows the justice system to detain prisoners for just two years pending trial , but courts may extend detention for short periods of time . Because of legal technicalities , Mubarak 's two years recently ran out . Mubarak , who ruled Egypt for 30 years with the help of the military , was found guilty in June 2012 of ordering the killing of protesters and was to serve a life sentence . But a court accepted an appeal , resulting in the retrial . The judge did not give an official reason for recusing himself . He used an Arabic term meaning he felt embarrassment or unease , which is a legal term judges use to declare that they are not fit to preside over the hearing . Both Mubarak 's lawyer and a lawyer representing families of victims said the judge recused himself for health reasons . Others speculate that the judge stepped down because of intense criticism after he earlier exonerated several security officials who worked under Mubarak . Judge walkout Saturday A crowd of onlookers in the courtroom Saturday erupted in jeers when Judge Mustafa Hassan Abdullah stood up to leave the court after recusing himself . Police stepped in between the angrily gesturing crowd and the judge 's bench . Mubarak , who had arrived on a stretcher at the country 's Police Academy in Cairo for the first day of his retrial , was quickly loaded back onto a helicopter , which flew him back to a military hospital . He had appeared relaxed in court , where he lay on a gurney inside a cage , where incarcerated defendants are customarily held during trial in Egypt . He waved to the audience in the court multiple times . Abdullah quit the case over a medical condition , Mubarak lawyer Farid El Deeb told CNN . But in announcing his departure , the judge also said he felt undue pressure in his position as magistrate . Abdullah "  submitted a medical report to the head of Cairo Cassation Court stating that he has medical problems with his eyes , " El Deeb said . Egyptian law requires a judge to recuse himself publicly . A lawyer for the families of those killed said he believed the judge held a legal bias in the case but also corroborated the medical reason for the judge 's move . "  There was also news that he had medical issues related to his eyes , " Khaled Abu Bakr said . Bakr and El Deeb told CNN that the court of appeals has 60 days to appoint a replacement judge . Mubarak is to remain in custody at a hospital , El Deeb said . Victim 's brother : ` Circus of a trial ' Dozens of relatives of those killed in Egypt 's demonstrations gathered outside the court , state-run Nile TV reported . They were joined by hundreds of pro-Mubarak activists carrying signs of support . Galal Faisal Ali , whose brother Naser was killed in the uprising , said he fears Mubarak will be found innocent . "  The government is not giving us the moral support we need , and they 're allowing this circus of a trial to continue . We were hoping for a death sentence , but the way it 's going , we may see Mubarak free , and his sons free , which means my brother died for nothing , " he said . Magdi Fouda , the main organizer of the pro-Mubarak protest , is a member of a group called "  We are sorry , Mr. President . " She was joined by a second group called "  Sons of Mubarak . " "  We are sure Mubarak will be pronounced innocent , " she said . State security forces formed a barrier between the opposing protesters . Emotions ran high at Mubarak 's original trial in 2012 , resulting in scuffles between the two sides inside the courtroom and rioting outside . Mubarak 's two sons , six of his security aides and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , all face trial with him . The other defendants had also appeared at the criminal court inside the academy , state TV reported . In addition to the charges related to the killings , all face charges of financial corruption and abuse of power . Like Mubarak , al-Adly was found guilty in the original trial and sentenced to life in prison , but was granted a retrial after filing an appeal . Prosecutors have added an additional corruption charge that was not part of the original trial . Mubarak is accused of selling natural gas to neighboring Israel for prices below fair market value . Morsy pleased about second trial Essam El-Erian , a senior adviser to Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , said in January that the government looked forward to a second trial . "  God willed the retrial would take place under Morsy 's rule , with new evidence and new defendants , " El-Erian said . Mubarak , who ruled Egypt for 30 years with the help of the military , was found guilty in June 2012 of ordering the killing of protesters and was immediately transferred to Tora prison in Cairo to serve his life sentence . The 84-year-old has suffered a range of physical problems since he was driven from office in 2011 , following weeks of protests by Egyptians demanding more freedom and reforms . In December , Mubarak was transferred to a military hospital after suffering a head injury and a bruised chest when he slipped in a prison hospital bathroom , Egyptian state-run media reported . Judge walks out on retrial of deposed Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Mubarak wins petition for release but will remain detained on other cases , state TV says A day after a judge recused himself from a retrial , Mubarak 's lawyers asked for release The former Egyptian president faces charges involving the killing of protesters He was driven from office in 2011 and found guilty in the slayings in 2012
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Every issue in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial is so disputed that even giving candy to jurors caused an argument . AEG lawyers gave a bag of peppermint candy to the bailiff to hand out to the jury this week . Even Katherine Jackson -- the pop icon 's mother -- enjoyed the treat . But Jackson 's lawyer raised an objection Tuesday afternoon , suggesting jurors might be influenced if they realized the source of the sweets . A compromise was reached . Each side can provide snacks for jurors , but they 'll be placed at the bailiff 's desk before jurors enter court so they have no clue who brought it . While the candy controversy might seem trivial , the stakes are high for AEG Live . The promoter and producer of Michael Jackson 's comeback concerts could be found liable for billions of dollars in damages if the jury decides the company is responsible for the star 's death . AEG execs face questions about Jackson 's death Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live for the negligent hiring , retention or supervision of Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . The candy argument may be the most interesting thing about Tuesday 's proceedings , unless you are a student of employment law and budgeting . AEG Live Senior Vice President/General Counsel Shawn Trell was on the stand for a second day hoping to give testimony that would convince the jury that Murray was chosen , hired and supervised by Jackson -- not his company . Murray never had an executed contract with AEG Live , although one had been negotiated . The doctor signed it and returned it to the company on June 24 , 2009 , but the AEG Live executive decided not to sign it after Jackson died the next day . Jackson lawyers contend Murray was already on the job , working under an oral agreement confirmed by a series of e-mails that promised him $ 150,000 a month to be Jackson 's full-time physician . With Trell on the stand , Jackson lawyer Brian Panish played part of an interview that AEG Live President Randy Phillips gave to Sky News television soon after Jackson 's death . "  This guy was willing to leave his practice for a very large sum of money , so we hired him , " Phillips said . Panish also showed jurors an e-mail between AEG lawyers suggesting that Phillips told other interviewers AEG Live "  hired " Murray . Jackson 's manager 's e-mails found , could be key in AEG trial Trouble at the Front The Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live executives ignored a series of "  red flags " that should have alerted them that Jackson needed help as he prepared for his comeback concerts . Earlier testimony from Jackson 's makeup artist , choreographer and an associate director described his failing health and mental condition in the last two weeks of his life . Panish asked Trell about e-mails titled "  trouble at the Front " between AEG executives and people working on the production starting on June 19 , 2009 -- a night that show director Kenny Ortega sent Jackson home because of his strange behavior . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt , " production director John "  Bugsy " Houghdahl wrote to AEG Live top execs Randy Phillips and Paul Gongaware . "  The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Phillips forwarded the e-mail to his boss -- Tim Leiweke -- at AEG Live 's parent company , with the comment : "  We have a real problem here . " Jackson had missed a number of rehearsals and the "  This Is It " tour debut was just three weeks away in London . Wade Robson calls Jackson ' a pedophile ' Ortega , in an e-mail previously reported , told Phillips that same morning -- five days before Jackson died -- that he did not think he would be ready for the shows . "  I honestly do n't think he is ready for this based on his continued physical weakening and deepening emotional state , " he wrote . Ortega described seeing "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " with Jackson . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist to evaluate him ASAP . " Even John Branca , a former Jackson advisor and lawyer who had just been rehired , weighed in with advice in an e-mail : "  I have the right therapist/spiritual advisor/substance abuse counselor who could help  recently helped mike tyson get sober and paroled  ... do we know whether there this is a substance issued involved  perhaps better discussed on the phone .  " Does Trell consider that exchange a "  red flag " that AEG Live should have noticed , Panish asked . "  I would take it seriously , as I believe Mr. Phillips did , " Trell answered . "  I do n't know I would use the word ` red flag . ' " Phillip called a meeting the next afternoon with Murray at Jackson 's home . Afterward , he sent this e-mail to Ortega : "  Kenny , it is critical that neither you , me , or anyone around this show become amateur psychologists or physicians . I had a lengthy conversation with Dr. Murray , who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . He said that Michael is not only physically equipped to perform and that discouraging him to , will hasten his decline instead of stopping it . Dr. Murray also reiterated that he is mentally able to and was speaking to me from the house where he had spent the morning with MJ . This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig so he totally unbiased and ethical . " The Jacksons ' lawyer called this e-mail "  a flat out lie , " since AEG Live had not done a background check on Murray before hiring him -- and if they had it would have disclosed that he was in deep debt and not a successful doctor . "  We did not do a background or credit check on Dr. Murray , " Trell conceded . Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Jackson died No due diligence The Jackson lawyers contend that AEG Live is liable for his death because they did not do their "  due diligence " by checking Murray 's background and credentials . If they had done so , they would have realized that Murray had a major conflict of interest that made him vulnerable to break rules in his treatment if Michael Jackson , they argue . Murray needed the high-paying job because he was more than $ 1 million in debt , his home was being foreclosed on , he was being sued for unpaid child support and delinquent taxes , and his cardiology clinic in Las Vegas faced eviction . His $ 150,000 a month job would end if Jackson 's shows were canceled or delayed , according to the terms of his contract . AEG Live failed to conduct the background check , which the company 's own expert witness said would between cost between $ 40 and $ 125 . "  I am not familiar with the process of doing background checks , " Trell said . "  No training . " Trell is back on the witness stand Wednesday for questioning by AEG Live lawyer Jessica Stebbins Bina . The trial , which is in its fourth week in a Los Angeles courtroom , is expected to last through July . Choreographer : AEG considered ` pulling the plug ' on Jackson 's comeback	Jackson 's lawyer objects that AEG gave peppermint candy to jurors Candy controversy might seem trivial , but stakes are high for AEG Live AEG Live 's president told reporters about Dr. Murray : "  We hired him " Jacksons accuse the promoter of negligently hiring the doctor convicted in Jackson 's death
Joliet , Illinois  CNN  -- Attorneys for Drew Peterson , a former Chicago-area police officer accused of murdering his third wife , argued during opening statements Tuesday that their client spent his career protecting the public and that murder accusations are groundless . "  Kathy slipped , fell , hit her head in a household accident , and drowned . Case closed , " said attorney Joel Brodsky . Kathleen Savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004 . Peterson also remains under investigation in the October 2007 disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson . Prosecutors , meanwhile , argued that Peterson was motivated to kill , at least in part , by his desire to avoid settlement payments to his ex-wife . "  This  is  not a case where you 'll have DNA , fingerprints , or a videotaped confession ...  But  when you 've heard all the evidence , you 'll be able to determine that Drew Peterson killed Kathleen Savio beyond a reasonable doubt , " said Will Country State 's Attorney James Glasgow during his opening statement . Prosecutors called Mary Pontarelli , a neighbor , as their first witness . Her voice cracked on a couple of occasions as she described finding the body of Savio , her friend . Court is scheduled to resume Wednesday morning . A jury of seven men and five women , chosen over two days last week , will decide Drew Peterson 's fate during the trial in Joliet , Illinois , which is expected to last about a month , according to his lawyer . Peterson , 58 , was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Kales , who later became Stacy Peterson . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce that October , and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook , Illinois , police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Drew Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . A judge in March 2002 granted Savio a protection order from her ex-husband , prohibiting him from being near her , entering her home or taking out their children except for two brief weekly visits . Savio had claimed that months later , Peterson held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her inside her home . On February 27 , 2004 , Drew Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home , spending the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe that he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed Savio ; she was found naked and dead in her dry tub the next day . At the time of her death , a court was mulling how their marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . Police initially treated the scene as an accident , although the Illinois State Police was later brought in to investigate . Peterson 's trial had been set to start in July 2010 but was delayed . In April , an Illinois appellate court ruled that prosecutors may use potentially incriminating statements made by Savio and Drew Peterson 's still-missing wife Stacy against him , a key development in the case . The ruling overturned an earlier judge 's decision that forbade prosecutors from using eight statements made by Savio before her death and by Stacy Peterson before her disappearance . The defense had argued that using the statements would violate Drew Peterson 's right to confront the witnesses against him .	NEW : Court is scheduled to resume Wednesday morning NEW : Attorneys for both sides made opening statements in the former police officer 's trial NEW : The prosecution calls Mary Pontarelli , a neighbor , as its first witness Kathleen Savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Seventh graders at Ron Clark Academy became an overnight sensation during the presidential election when their YouTube performance of "  You Can Vote However You Like " catapulted them to online stardom . "  The higher the expectations , the higher the results , " says Ron Clark , seen here with his students . Now , their creative and scholastic talents have proved the students to be more than just "  one hit wonders . " Academy students showcased their poetry and writings for CNN 's documentary "  Black in America 2 , " hosted by Soledad O'Brien . Cultivating student creativity is just one of the goals of academy founder Ron Clark , an enigmatic educator known for his unconventional teaching methods . Under his strict tutelage , students at Ron Clark -- who are predominantly African-American -- are expected to excel in all subjects and maintain a high standard of respect for their peers and teachers . "  I 'm teaching an eighth-grade curriculum to fifth-graders , " says Clark . "  Some people say my expectations of the kids , academically , is too high , but the higher the expectations , the higher the results . " But with high academic expectations come an equally high quotient for fun . It 's become one of Clark 's trademarks : singing and dancing to popular rap and R&B songs during class to get the kids engaged . "  My first day at Ron Clark Academy , I thought all the teachers were psychopaths , " says seventh-grader Jai Springs . "  I thought Ron Clark was going crazy . He was up in front of the kids on desks , he was dancing . ... I never saw a teacher get up on a desk and dance . But now I 'm used to it , so I get up on the desk and dance too , " says Jai . Clark , formerly a schoolteacher from South Carolina , founded the academy with money he earned from his book titled The Essential 55 , which detail Clark 's 55 golden rules for success -- in and out of the classroom . Clark was invited to be a guest on the Oprah Winfrey show after winning Disney Teacher of the Year Award in 2001 . Oprah believed so much in the well-mannered Southern school teacher from South Carolina that she encouraged him to write the book . Later she promoted The Essential 55 on her show , prompting it 's ascension to New York Times bestseller list . Together with co-founder Kim Bearden , Clark transformed a decaying factory in a rough part of Atlanta , Georgia , into a state-of-the-art educational model for middle schools across the country . Soon after the school opened its doors in 2008 , a Christmas package from Winfrey arrived for Clark in the form of a $ 365,000 grant , or "  a thousand dollars for each day of the year , " as Oprah referred to it in the letter . Then came the elections , with a tight presidential race between Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and John McCain of Arizona . Inspired by rapper T.I. 's hit song "  Whatever You Like , " Clark 's seventh grade class penned their own lyrics and dance moves . The students ' performance carried a message : Cast your ballot because you support a candidate 's policies rather than just his skin color . When they perform the song , half the seventh grade class touts the virtues of GOP 's McCain while the other half root for Democrat Obama : "  Obama on the left . McCain on the right . We can talk politics all night . And you can vote however you like . " The students "  can talk politics with the best of them , " says Clark . Video clips of the kids performing have garnered over 15 million hits on YouTube . "  We got lots of media attention . But when the media arrived to the school they realized the song is not the story , it 's the kids , " says Clark . One of Clark 's credos is teaching a "  global curriculum " with a heavy emphasis on current events . Himself an avid world traveler , Clark believes it 's essential for his students to travel to other countries to develop an understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live . Through Delta 's corporate sponsorship of the school , administrators have been able to send all 100 of their fifth to eighth grade students abroad before they graduate . "  I 'm not nearly as shy as I used to be , " says seventh-grader Chi Chi Kasarachi after her first year at the academy . "  My knowledge of the world has improved , I know more about what 's going on in other countries and I 'm more curious about things . ... I 'm just hungry for knowledge , " says Chi Chi . In fact , the students at Ron Clark Academy are better versed in current events and politics than many adults . "  I never thought I 'd be interested in watching the news , " says seventh-grader Osei Avril . "  Now I find it interesting because I have learned the stories behind the news , " he says . Osei -- who pronounces Iranian President Ahmadinajad 's name perfectly -- says he 's interested in learning about world issues such as the Iranian elections , the Taliban in Pakistan , and the Palestinian - Israeli conflict . "  At the beginning , " says Clark , "  the kids will say something like ` I 've been to East Point -LSB- a suburb of South Atlanta -RSB- . After a few years they 've been to Kenya , Japan , or South Africa , or England . ... They 've become very comfortable with understanding the country and understanding themselves . " But it 's not just the travel or even the singing and dancing to rap music that make the school so special , say the students . It 's the academy teachers ' creative ways of instilling education , solid values , and a passion for learning . "  They want you to pass the people at the top , " says Jai . "  To be at the top nonstop , be at your fullest , to be creative , to think out of the box . " But school is n't all fun and games , she says . Clark is a strict disciplinarian that expects -- and enforces -- model behavior from all of the students . "  I love Mr. Clark with all my heart , he 's like a father to me , " says Chi Chi . "  He might fuss a lot , but I know he 's doing it for our own good . "	Ron Clark Academy students ' '08 YouTube rap performance got millions of hits Clark teaches "  global curriculum " with heavy emphasis on current events "  I 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , " says Clark Student : "  My knowledge of the world has improved . ... I 'm hungry for knowledge "
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has claimed he did not assault a journalist after his side 's 1-1 draw with Atalanta . Mourinho had been accused of "  physical and verbal aggression " towards Corriere dello Sport 's Andrea Ramazzotti and had been criticized by the Italian Sport Union of Journalists  USSI  . The Portuguese coach denied hitting Ramazzotti , but did admit to a verbal spat with the reporter after the Serie A clash on Sunday . "  I do n't like journalists near the team bus after a game , " Mourinho said . "  I came out of the bus and I insulted him twice . But I did not try to hit him , there was no physical contact . " Mourinho did not attend the post-match press conference as he was serving a one-game touchline ban . Inter president Massimo Moratti confirmed earlier this week he would investigate the incident . A previous statement from the USSI following the incident urged Inter president Massimo Moratti , and the country 's governing sporting bodies to investigate . It read : "  The physical and verbal aggression of Inter coach Jose Mourinho towards our colleague Andrea Ramazzotti marks one of the lowest and alarming moments in the relations between football and sporting press . "  Mourinho was already cited , prior to the Champions League game with Rubin Kazan , for his uneducated and disrespectful tone that he used towards certain colleagues . "  This aggression marks an irresponsible and unacceptable escalation . USSI expresses not only its indignation , but a strong concern for gestures and the unspeakable behavior that only increases tensions and controversies . "  It asks president Moratti to intervene energetically so that a member of his club  Mourinho  adapts to the great tradition of civility of the club and of the Moratti family . "  It asks as well of the FIGC  Italian Football Federation  that the sporting justice panel intervenes to examine the behavior of Mourinho for eventual sanctions . "	Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has claimed he did not assault a journalist after his side 's 1-1 draw with Atalanta . The alleged confrontation happened following the 1-1 Serie A draw at Atalanta on Sunday The Italian Sport Union of Journalists  USSI  have condemned Mourinho 's alleged actions
CNN  -- A South Carolina woman whose husband tried to find a donor kidney for her for nearly a year by wearing a sandwich board on the streets of their city has gotten one -- and it 's working "  A-OK , " her husband told CNN . Jimmy Sue Swilling 's donor , a retired Navy lieutenant commander , had one request , though , before the transfer . She wanted the surgery to take place on September 11 , to honor the men and women who have sacrificed their lives for their country . The donor 's wish was granted . Larry Swilling , Jimmy Sue 's husband , said the woman , who they only met the day before the surgery , was up and walking hours after the procedure last week . "  It 's pretty hard for someone who do n't know you to do something like that . She 's a hero , " Swilling said of the donor . "  Being in the service for 21 years , she is a true American and she 's what America is built on , heart and soul . " The donor heard about the couple from news reports about Swilling 's efforts to find someone willing to give up one of their kidneys . "  NEED KIDNEY 4 WIFE " said the sign he wore on a sandwich board over his shoulders as he walked the streets of Anderson , South Carolina . The same message was plastered on his pickup truck . Jimmy Sue Swilling was born with only one kidney , and late this summer , it was failing . Her husband was n't a match . When Larry 's campaign to find her a donor was picked up by local and national media , dozens of people got tested to see if their kidney was suitable for Jimmy Sue . The eventual donor contacted the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston , where the surgery was performed last Wednesday . Jimmy Sue Swilling will leave the hospital Friday , her husband said , although they 'll have to go to Charleston every month for the next four months to make sure the kidney is working properly . Right now , Larry Swilling said , doctors report "  everything is working A-OK , 200 percent ! " She donates kidney , he proposes	Jimmy Sue Swilling got a new kidney to replace her failing organ The donor heard about her case from news reports Swilling 's husband walked the streets with a sign : "  NEED KIDNEY 4 WIFE "
CNN  -- With over 20 years as an actor , Lee Byung-hun has a gained a serious on-screen persona . But when the camera is off , the 39-year-old South Korean is more joker than brooding artist . Sienna Miller , his co-star in the 2009 blockbuster "  G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra " -- Lee 's first foray into Hollywood -- described Lee as not only incredibly talented and handsome , but also incredibly funny and silly . It 's perhaps an unexpected accolade for the star of films like "  Joint Security Area " and "  The Good , the Bad , The Weird . " Yet he admits that while he takes his work seriously , in "  real life " he likes nothing more than having fun and relaxing with a bottle of wine . For a bit of respite from the fame and adulation he faces daily in South Korea , and for a bit of fun , Lee once became a taxi driver for a few days . "  No one recognized me . It was a weird experience , " he told CNN . After returning the taxi back to a friend and playing with being anonymous , Lee was back into his real life , starring in hugely popular South Korean TV series and making a name for himself in Hollywood . "  Even a few years ago no one thought it would happen . It was just a dream for Korean actors , " he said . With "  G.I. Joe " sequels to come , he could soon be hiding from an even bigger army of fans .	South Korean actor is star of many acclaimed Korean films Appeared in 2009 Hollywood film "  G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra " alongside Sienna Miller Has been star of South Korean soap operas and TV series for around 20 years
CNN  -- If you 're looking for a little black box to put under your TV set and devices like the Roku , Apple TV , or any of the many Google TV boxes are n't doing it for you , Jeff Bezos may have your hookup . Bloomberg Businessweek is reporting that Amazon is working on its own set-top box centered on its services , and the company will apparently introduce the box in the fall . Other details about the box itself are light on the ground . All we know for now is that it may share the Kindle branding with the Amazon 's line of e-readers and Fire tablets , and that the device is being developed by the company 's Lab126 division .  This group is also responsible for the rest of the Kindle hardware . As with the Kindle e-book library , you do n't actually need to own one of Amazon 's devices to access Amazon 's video contentâ $ " you can already play Instant Video on consoles like the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 just as you can get Kindle books on your iPad or Android tablet . Amazon 's strategy with the Kindle Fire tablets has been to price them attractively and put its own content front-and-center , as well as give its users special perks like the Kindle Owners ' Lending Library . A theoretical Amazon set-top box would likely take a similar approach to distinguish itself from the other little-boxes-with-HDMI-ports that crowd this market . Amazon 's last major hardware announcement was the Kindle Fire HD reveal back in September of 2012 . If the company has a similar event around in the fall this year , that 's when we 'd expect this box to be introduced . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Amazon is making a set-top box that would stream content to a TV , a report says The device reportedly will go on sale this fall Amazon would likely put its own content front-and-center on the device
CNN  A Minneapolis police officer was shot Saturday morning , and Police Chief Janee Harteau said "  there is little doubt that an officer was the intended target . " The wounded officer was one of two who had just finished responding to a reported burglary when he was shot just before 5 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  , Minneapolis police said in a statement . His partner promptly drove him to North Memorial Medical Center . Assistant Police Chief Matt Clark told reporters Saturday afternoon that the officer , who was standing outside his car , was "  doing well and is in fair condition . " A man was arrested in connection with the burglary and a reported domestic assault , Clark said . Police took 43-year-old Andrew Neal , who is suspected of violating his probation , into custody . Detectives are investigating whether there is a link between the domestic violence report , the burglary and the shooting , the assistant chief said . A woman who reported the alleged assault was cooperating with authorities . "  She gave us a lot of information  about the incident and the burglary  , " he said . Police believe the wounded officer was n't targeted personally , but was shot simply because he is a police officer , police spokesman Scott Seroka added . According to Harteau , he "  just happened to be the one who was there . " "  This is a reminder to all that every one of our officers face such danger simply because they choose to wear a uniform , " Harteau said . "  They deserve our support and gratitude . " The officer who was shot is well-respected by co-workers and does an excellent job , Clark said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Police official says detectives are investigating to see if there is link between burglary and shooting Wounded police officer is in fair condition and "  doing well , " assistant chief says Minneapolis officer "  just happened to be the one who was there , " police chief says
CNN  -- The process to extradite Joran van der Sloot from Peru to the United States to face criminal charges has begun , according to Maximo Altez , van der Sloot 's Peruvian attorney . Peruvian judges in January sentenced the Dutchman to 28 years in prison for the murder in 2010 of Stephany Flores . He is also the prime suspect in the disappearance of American Natalee Holloway . U.S. authorities want to try van der Sloot on charges of extortion and wire fraud in the Holloway case . According to court documents obtained through Altez , a Peruvian judge has approved a U.S. request for provisional detention . This is the first step in the extradition process between Peru and the United States . The document says a formal extradition request has yet to be submitted , but will follow . The document names the U.S. Embassy as a party in the proceedings . InSession reached out Monday for comment but did not receive a response . The Peruvian Justice Ministry also did not return a request for comment . The only hold-up to the extradition is van der Sloot 's appeal , which should be finished in about a month , Altez said . "  I think he will be extradited within the next three months , " said Altez . "  He will go to trial in the United States . Once he is sentenced , he will return to Peru to finish serving his 28 years , and then go back to the States to serve whatever sentence he gets there . " In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him after allegations that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given $ 25,000 , which authorities say he used to travel to Peru for a poker tournament . If found guilty of extortion , he could be sentenced to 25 years in prison . Van der Sloot admitted to killing Flores , 21 , in his Lima hotel room . The judges gave him a sentence two years short of the 30-year maximum . They ordered he be expelled from Peru at the end of his sentence and required him to pay about $ 74,500 in reparations to Flores ' relatives . Van der Sloot confessed to robbery in addition to murder , admitting that he stole Flores ' belongings , including more than $ 300 in local currency , credit cards and the victim 's van as a means to leave the country . He fled to Chile and was arrested a few days later . Another van der Sloot attorney , Jose Luis Jimenez , said his client was under special stress the day of the 2010 murder , which marked five years after Holloway , an 18-year-old from Alabama , disappeared while vacationing on Aruba . Van der Sloot , who was among the last people seen with Holloway , was detained twice but has not been charged in the case . "  The world had been against him for five years before this case , for a murder he said he never committed and for which there is no evidence whatsoever , " Jimenez said . Investigators have said they believe van der Sloot killed Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on his computer while visiting him in his hotel room . The two met while van der Sloot was in town for the poker tournament . Judges described how Flores hit van der Sloot in the face after reading the item on Holloway , leading him to hit her in the face with his elbow . Flores fainted and van der Sloot tried to strangle her , but she was still breathing , so he suffocated her with his shirt . Van der Sloot then tried to clean the room by removing the sheets and changing his bloodied shirt , they said . He was caught in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar. . Holloway 's body has not been found , and no one has been charged in relation to the case in Aruba . About 6Â 1/2 years after Holloway went missing in May 2005 , Alabama Probate Judge Alan King signed an order declaring the teenager legally dead .	NEW : An attorney predicts Joran van der Sloot will be extradicted within three months A formal extradition request has not yet been submitted Van der Sloot was sentenced to 28 years in prison in Peru for a murder there He is charged with extortion in Alabama in connection with the Natalee Holloway case
CNN  -- A British woman has been found dead in a hotel room , days after being confronted by a television reporter who accused her of online attacks on the family of missing girl Madeleine McCann . Madeleine was a few weeks shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz , on Portugal 's Algarve coast , in 2007 . Her parents , Gerry and Kate McCann , launched a massive publicity campaign to find their daughter and say they continue to believe she is still alive . On Thursday , Britain 's Sky News reported that London 's Metropolitan Police Service -- also known as Scotland Yard -- had launched an investigation into alleged online abuse of the McCanns . It showed video of Sky reporter Martin Brunt approaching Brenda Leyland , who it said went by the Twitter handle of "  Sweepyface . " The footage shows Brunt asking Leyland why she "  was attacking  the McCanns  so regularly . " Leyland excuses herself and walks away before turning and saying "  I 'm entitled to do that . " When Brunt asks if Leyland is concerned that Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service is considering investigating the alleged "  campaign of abuse , " she replies , "  No . " Leicestershire Police said in a statement on Monday that police had been called on Saturday after Leyland 's body was found in a hotel room in Grove Park , on the southwestern edges of the English city of Leicester . "  Ms Leyland 's death is not being treated as suspicious and a file is being prepared for the Coroner . Officers acting on behalf of the Coroner will look into the circumstances surrounding and prior to her unexpected death , " it said . A spokeswoman for Sky News said Monday : "  We were saddened to hear of the death of Brenda Leyland . It would be inappropriate to speculate or comment further at this time . " Scotland Yard confirmed that its officers were looking into allegations of malicious communications with the McCann family , having received a letter and other documentation on September 9 . "  They are assessing its contents and consulting with the CPS and the McCann family , " it said . "  Nobody has been interviewed by MPS officers in relation to this matter . " Kate and Gerry McCann left Madeleine and her younger twin siblings asleep in the apartment on May 3 , 2007 , while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Her mother checked on the children about 10 p.m. and discovered her daughter missing . Scotland Yard reopened its investigation into Madeleine 's disappearance in July 2013 after a two-year review of the original probe . Portuguese police reopened their investigation last October . An eight-day search of the resort town in June this year uncovered no new evidence , Scotland Yard said .	A UK woman is found dead days after being accused of being a "  troll " by Sky News Sky confronted her over claims of online attacks against the family of Madeleine McCann Madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007 , aged 3 British police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in July 2013
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department is scrambling to meet a federal court 's Thursday deadline to answer fundamental constitutional questions dealing with the health care law championed by President Barack Obama , an escalating political battle that has embroiled all three branches of government . Administration officials said Wednesday they were deciding how to respond to an order from a three-judge appeals panel hearing a separate challenge to the Affordable Care Act . Department lawyers were told to explain whether federal courts could intervene and strike down congressional laws as unconstitutional . Such a power has been guaranteed since the Supreme Court 's landmark 1803 ruling in Marbury v. Madison . This came after a federal judge appeared to be deeply concerned by the president 's comments this week , in which he challenged the high court not to take what he called an "  unprecedented " step of overturning the law . The White House tried to defuse the ideological firestorm , saying President Obama 's words were misunderstood . The three judges are Republican appointees from the 5th Circuit U-S Court of Appeals , meeting in Houston . They were hearing a challenge to the health care law from physician-owned hospitals , despite the fact the Supreme Court is deciding the constitutional questions . The high court 's rulings expected in June would take precedence over any other courts hearing similar appeals . The latest dispute surfaced Monday when the president said , "  I 'm confident that the Supreme Court will not take what would be an unprecedented extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress and I just remind conservative commentators that for years , what we 've heard is , the biggest problem on the bench was judicial activism or a lack of judicial restraint , that an unelected group of people would somehow overturn a duly constituted and passed law . " Some conservative commentators accused the president of trying to "  bully " the federal courts into backing the law , or risk attacks on their credibility . A day after the president 's remarks , the federal appeals court held its open hearing . Judge Jerry Smith , a Reagan appointee , was especially tough on a Justice Department lawyer defending the law , specifically mentioning the Obama quotes . "  I 'm referring to statements by the president in the past few days to the effect , and I 'm sure you 've heard about them , that it is somehow inappropriate for what he termed ` unelected ' judges to strike acts of Congress that have enjoyed -- he was referring to , of course , Obamacare -- to what he termed broad consensus in majorities in both houses of Congress , " said Smith . "  That has troubled a number of people who have read it as somehow a challenge to the federal courts or to their authority or to the appropriateness of the concept of judicial review , " he continued . "  And that 's not a small matter . So I want to be sure that you 're telling us that the attorney general and the Department of Justice do recognize the authority of the federal courts through unelected judges to strike acts of Congress or portions thereof in appropriate cases . Government lawyer Dana Lydia Kaersvang appeared initially taken aback , but replied such authority has existed for centuries . Nevertheless , Smith and Judges Emilio Garza and Leslie Southwick then ordered the Justice Department to submit by noon Thursday a three-page , single-spaced letter addressing whether the Obama administration believes courts do indeed enjoy that power . Smith 's phrasing in open court of the law as "  Obamacare " mirrors a term used by many opponents of the law . The specific issue before the appeals court was a provision in the law restricting doctor-owned hospitals from expanding their facilities . The challenge was brought by an East Texas spine-and-joint hospital in East Texas . Just hours after the appeals court hearing , Obama on Tuesday clarified his earlier statements , saying , "  The point I was making is that the Supreme Court is the final say on our Constitution and our laws , and all of us have to respect it , but it 's precisely because of that extraordinary power that the court has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly elected legislature , our Congress . And so the burden is on those who would overturn a law like this . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney , facing a flurry of reporter questions , said the president was articulating the view the high court has for 80 years generally deferred to congressional authority , specifically on economic legislation based on the Constitution 's Commerce Clause , and was not challenging the Supreme Court . "  It 's the reverse of intimidation , he 's simply making an observation about the fact that he expects the court to adhere to that precedent , " he said . "  It 's obviously , as he made clear yesterday , up to the court to make its determination , and we will wait and see that the court does . " Attorney General Eric Holder defended the president . "  I think that you know what the president said a couple of days ago was appropriate , " said Holder , speaking at a health care fraud prevention event in Chicago . "  I do n't think he broke any new ground in the comments that he made . " There was criticism aimed at both Obama and the federal courts over the divisive political issue . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell accused the administration of trying to "  browbeat " and "  intimidate " the justices . "  The president , more than anyone else , has an obligation to uphold the legitimacy of our judicial system , " said the Kentucky Republican . "  But his remarks on the -LSB- Supreme -RSB- Court reflect not only an attempt to influence the outcome , but a preview of Democrat attacks to come if they do n't get their way . " Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , said President Obama was out of bounds . "  The president is tying to bully the court here , threatening them that if they do n't come down his way , they 're going to have the same thing that happened in the State of the Union address 2010 . He 's going to be calling them activists , he 's going to be saying they 're political . " The president two years ago attacked the conservative majority for striking down a campaign finance reform law , giving corporations greater power to spend in federal elections . But some conservative legal sources privately expressed disappointment in the appeals court 's order , saying it appeared punitive and petty to demand the Justice Department defend a position it had never disputed in court . "  It was like he -LSB- the judge -RSB- was giving a homework assignment to an unprepared student , " said one right-leaning lawyer , who opposed the law . "  It has the effect of putting the judiciary on the defensive , and could give rise to concerns the courts will look at the law from a political , not constitutional perspective . " The high court held three days of oral arguments last week , dealing with four major questions surrounding the health care law . The justices have not , and by custom will not , comment on pending appeals . Their written opinions due in the next three months will be the final word on the Affordable Care Act 's constitutionality , particularly the "  individual mandate " provision that requires most Americans to have health insurance by 2014 , or face a financial penalty . The outcome of the cases have raised the stakes in a presidential year , and could have a lasting effect on the credibility of the federal courts , which are supposed to be beyond policies . "  I think what we are seeing here is the courts , and the confrontation between the administration and the courts , being drawn in to overall polarization that defines so much of modern political life . Every aspect of this has been extraordinary , " said Ron Brownstein , a CNN political analyst . "  Obama 's comments Monday were more pointed and sharp than a president usually directs toward the Supreme Court ; the response by a Reagan-appointed judge , more pointed and sharp than you might have expected from a lifetime-tenured member of the judiciary . And you really see here how even the idea of the court as something of an island apart from the intensity of political conflict is really breaking down . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	A three-judge appeals panel is hearing a challenge to the Affordable Care Act Judges order letter from Justice Department on administration 's stance on judicial review power U.S. Supreme Court is deciding constitutional questions about the Affordable Care Act High court 's rulings , expected in June , would override decisions in other courts
London  CNN  -- Clad in brown trench coats , dark glasses and trilby hats , what appear to be three secret agents huddle around a payphone box with listening equipment . It 's not a 1950s film scene but the latest street art attributed to Britain 's famously anonymous graffiti artist Banksy . The image -- apparently a comment on the issue of government surveillance -- appeared early Sunday , local media said , on a house wall in the provincial English spa town of Cheltenham , in Gloucestershire . The location may be a reference to the town 's role as host to Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters , known as GCHQ -- the UK equivalent of the U.S. National Security Agency . The NSA has been at the center of the spying row sparked by revelations by its former contractor Edward Snowden about the extent of government surveillance . Some leaked documents also make a reference to GCHQ , although the UK government says the listening agency operates only within a strict framework of controls . Asked about the image , a spokeswoman for GCHQ said , "  This is the first time we have ever been asked to comment on art . Although we are not qualified critics , we are as intrigued as the rest of the residents of Cheltenham about the appearance of the mysterious artwork . "  For those who are interested , our website gives a glimpse of what modern day intelligence operatives are really like , although some may be disappointed by the lack of trench coats and dark glasses . " Karen Smith , who reportedly lives in the house , told the Gloucestershire Echo newspaper , "  It 's pretty good . It livens the street up a bit . There have been a lot of people about today looking at it . " The artwork emerged a day before The Washington Post and United States arm of The Guardian were awarded a Pulitzer Prize for their reporting on the NSA revelations , described as "  marked by authoritative and insightful reports that helped the public understand how the disclosures fit into the larger framework of national security . " Banksy 's own website makes no reference to the artwork . It instead features what appears to be a new artwork showing a man and a woman apparently embracing but each looking over the other 's shoulder at a smartphone -- perhaps a comment on our modern-day addiction to technological devices . Banksy 's last high-profile project was a month-long street art "  residency " in New York City . Each day of October , Banksy unveiled new works of art around New York . The works were then announced on his website and posted to Instagram . Many of the surprise exhibits followed his signature street-art style : stencils spray-painted on streets , walls of buildings and under bridges . INTERACTIVE : Banksy takes over NYC	Mural on side of house in Cheltenham shows three men huddled round a pay phone Clad in trench coats and dark glasses , they hold old-fashioned listening equipment The street art has been widely attributed to graffiti artist Banksy Britain 's GCHQ , the equivalent of the U.S. National Security Agency , is based in Cheltenham
New York  CNN  -- CNN has obtained an exclusive photograph of Pedro Hernandez , suspect in the death of 6-year-old Etan Patz , who remains under the care of doctors after being ordered to undergo a psychiatric examination to determine whether he 's competent to stand trial . The photograph was taken five years ago and shows him in a suit and tie , wearing glasses . Investigators are currently digging into a computer drive and two satchels , among other items , removed during the execution of a search warrant at the home of Hernandez , the attorney for Hernandez 's wife said Thursday . The search warrant was executed as part of the ongoing investigation into Etan 's disappearance in 1979 . Hernandez was arrested last month . Police said he confessed to strangling the boy and throwing his body away in a trash bag . The search began Wednesday afternoon and wrapped up at 3 a.m. Thursday at the couple 's New Jersey house , said Robert Gottlieb , who represents Rosemary Hernandez . He said his client "  does n't know what they were looking for . " The satchels contained personal items including paperwork belonging to Rosemary Hernandez , he said . Gottlieb said his client was home during the search and cooperated fully . "  An assistant prosecutor called me before investigators entered the house and asked whether she was willing to be there to offer assistance , and she did . She was there in five , 10 minutes . " Rosemary Hernandez feels that her husband 's confession is unreliable and is coming from a mentally ill man , Gottlieb said . The suspect , who is being held without bail at New York 's Bellevue Hospital , is receiving a medication called olanzapine , according to a source familiar with his medical history . The drug is used to treat symptoms of schizophrenia , according to the National Institutes of Health . Pedro Hernandez admitted choking the boy after luring him into the basement of a bodega , a small grocery store , on May 25 , 1979 , police said . Etan 's remains have not been found . His attorney previously told a judge that Hernandez has a history of mental disorders , suffers from hallucinations and is bipolar . "  Mrs. Hernandez has seen her husband 's delusions and hallucinations and other mental illnesses for a very long period of time , " Gottlieb said . He would not elaborate on the mental disorders , nor would he provide an example of what his client observed . "  She does not believe the confession at all , " Gottlieb said . Investigators have been trying to build a case against Hernandez , looking for evidence to back up his statements to them . Police have said they have no other evidence or a motive to support his confession . A relative has said she reported that Hernandez told family members in the 1980s that he killed a boy in New York . Norma Hernandez , the suspect 's sister , said she went to police in Camden , New Jersey , back then but felt that they did n't believe her . Police have said they have no record of that report . Hernandez said her brother also told a prayer group about killing a boy . Gottlieb said he was asked to represent the wife because of her growing frustration over the case and her desire to make sure prosecutors "  understand the severity and nature of the mental illnesses . " A spokesman for the district attorney 's office had no comment Wednesday . Rosemary Hernandez has not seen her husband at Bellevue Hospital but has spoken to him by telephone . "  It 's a very difficult time for her and her daughter , " Gottlieb said . Pedro Hernandez 's next court appearance is scheduled for June 25 .	The search began Wednesday afternoon and lasted into Thursday morning Police say Pedro Hernandez has confessed to killing Etan Patz in 1979 Attorney : His wife says her husband is mentally ill and his confession is unreliable
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe on Tuesday fired his deputy Joice Mujuru , a few hours after she dismissed allegations that she 'd plotted to assassinate the 90-year-old Zimbabwean leader as "  ridiculous . " Mugabe also fired eight Cabinet ministers , Zimbabwe 's Chief Secretary to the Cabinet Misheck Sibanda said in a statement . Sibanda said Mugabe had dismissed his vice president "  because her conduct had become inconsistent with her official duties . " The firing of Mujuru -- long expected to replace Mugabe -- came after she issued a statement dismissing claims by Mugabe that she plotted with the opposition and the West to kill him as not having "  one iota of evidence . " Of the eight sacked ministers , including a junior minister , Sibanda said : "  It had become apparent that their conduct and performance were below the expected conduct . " ` Plotting to kill ' The political upheaval erupted last week when Mugabe accused Mujuru of trying to topple him and of being a "  thief " of minerals . "  Wanting a post should not lead someone into plotting to kill , " he said in reference to Mujuru , while opening his ruling Zanu PF party 's congress in the capital , Harare . A day earlier , he told his party 's central committee that Mujuru , a Zanu PF member , was working with the West to oust or assassinate him . Mujuru was seen as the likely successor to Mugabe until recently , when first lady Grace Mugabe accused her of being "  too dull " and "  too corrupt " to lead . Analysts now say the first lady is being groomed to succeed her husband , the only leader Zimbabweans have known since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980 . On Saturday , she was confirmed as the leader of the powerful women 's wing of Zanu PF . Mugabe : ' I still have the will ' At the same time , Mugabe has ruled out leaving politics , despite his advanced age . "  I still have a bright mind , I still have the will , " Mugabe said as he officially closed his party 's five-day congress late Saturday , in a speech that lasted about an hour . He said he would announce a new lineup of Zanu PF leaders by this Thursday . "  We will do a reshuffle . There will be disappointments . Those who are not here have said goodbye to us , " he said , referring to Mujuru and her allies , who have been snubbing most party leadership meetings since the public attacks against her . Under the new constitution of Zanu PF , Mugabe handpicks the entire leadership of his party .	Robert Mugabe fires his deputy , days after accusing her of plotting to kill him Vice President Joice Mujuru dismisses the allegations against her Mugabe has also fired eight Cabinet ministers , a government official says Mujuru was seen as a Mugabe successor , but his wife is now gaining political power
If you 're traveling over the holidays , chances are you 're not looking forward to spending time in a crowded , stressful airport . Faced with the prospect of long waits , deafening public-address systems , and indigestion , you may quickly lose that festive feeling . O'Hare Airport in Chicago ranked third because 90 percent of its restaurants offer low-fat , fiber-rich , veggie-heavy meals . Still , airports are not all bad . In fact , based on research Health magazine has done to find America 's Healthiest airports , some are actually working hard to make your traveling experience healthier by offering nutritious food , special relaxation zones , walking paths , the latest safety technology , and a whole lot more . We scored the nation 's major airports , see how we did it , and then asked a panel of expert judges  meet them here  to help us choose the top 10 . Congratulations to the winners . And to those airports that failed to make our list : Please shape up ! 1 . Phoenix Sky Harbor International 42 million passengers per year Our top scorer won rave reviews for its commitment to a comfortable , low-stress experience for flyers . Sky Harbor 's healthful dining options scored well on the annual Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine airport-food scale , which measures the percentage of eateries with healthy offerings at major airports . Tempting low-fat choices include Yoshi 's Asian Grill 's avocado-cucumber sushi and edamame , Roadhouse 66 Bar 's veggie burgers , and Oaxaca 's vegetable burrito . "  Burrito spots are great in airports because they often have several options that are healthy and fast , " says judge Amy Lanou , Ph.D. , a senior nutrition scientist for PCRM . Also elevating the Phoenix experience is a video-paging system that lists and announces names , making them accessible amid the usual din . There are even two pet parks where traveling canines can work off energy before or after a flight . And the airport is always open to change : After a family with a disabled son suggested upgrades , the airport recently added adult changing stations to its family bathrooms . Plus , the airport 's bathrooms are widely known as some of the nation 's cleanest . 2 . Baltimore/Washington International 21 million passengers per year Baltimore/Washington International now features soft music and comfortable lighting at one of its key security checkpoints , instead of the usual crowding and confusion . The changes are part of the Transportation Security Administration 's new Checkpoint Evolution program designed to reduce stress and hike safety . "  High-stress areas are the perfect camouflage for bad guys , " says TSA spokesperson Christopher White . To take stress down another notch , walk the BWI Trail , a 12.5-mile hiking-and-biking path that circles the airport and goes through wetlands and forest areas ; it 's accessible from public areas of the terminal . Still stressed ? Get a seated massage at the Destination Relaxation spa . Health.com : America 's healthiest spas 3 . O'Hare International  Chicago 76 million passengers per year Big airports usually have a great selection of healthy food , Lanou says . That 's one reason why O'Hare International , the second-busiest airport in the world , is in PCRM 's top 10 . More than 90 percent of its 100 restaurants offer low-fat , fiber-rich , veggie-heavy meals . CIBO Express , for instance , has grilled veggie salads and kosher crackers and chips . O'Hare also wins points for its super-fun children 's play areas and the fitness facility in its on-site Hilton Hotel , which offers workout equipment plus massages , a sauna , a lap pool , showers , and a Jacuzzi . Day passes are $ 15 . 4 . Detroit Metropolitan 36 million passengers per year A white Christmas is wonderful -- except when it ruins your travel plans or makes them unsafe . Detroit Metro is working hard to limit the risks . The National Weather Service recently recognized the airport as the nation 's first "  StormReady airport system . " Airport police officers , firefighters , and field-maintenance and security personnel are being trained as weather spotters ; if they 're aware of approaching storms , they alert airline employees  who consider boarding delays  , disseminate information to keep ticket-holders from being stuck at gates without knowing why , and develop evacuation and sheltering plans . And should the weather delay you in Detroit  always a possibility during the winter  , finding a healthy meal is easy . The airport partners with local health organizations to flag heart-healthy dishes on restaurant menus . Sushi , anyone ? Health.com : America 's healthiest restaurants 5 . Denver International 50 million passengers per year The largest airport in the United States can also boast about its energy efficiency . Acres of solar panels provide enough electricity to run half the airport 's train system . The green electricity dramatically reduces carbon emissions -- equal to the impact of 255,000 gallons of gasoline  enough to power 500 cars for a year  . The airport also has a recycling system built into the runways and taxiways to collect 70 percent of the glycol used to de-ice aircraft . "  You 've got to tip your hat to Denver International for establishing themselves as a model , " says judge Steve Howards , executive director of the Clean Airport Partnership , a nonprofit group devoted to improving environmental quality and energy efficiency at airports . Denver also receives high marks for its close-to-75-percent on-time arrival and departure rates , the second-largest public art collection in Colorado , free Wi-Fi , and healthy restaurant choices . Health.com : America 's healthiest grocery stores 6 . Washington National 19 million passengers per year Anything that helps you take your mind off the fact that you 're in an airport waiting to be crammed into a tiny airplane seat is a good thing . The museum-quality artwork at Ronald Reagan Washington National is the perfect diversion . Architect Cesar Pelli integrated 30 works -- stained glass , marble and glass mosaics , terrazzo , cast bronze , hammered aluminum and copper , and traditional paint on board and canvas -- into terminals B and C . If your flight 's got a major delay , you can even get some fresh  fume-free  air at this airport : Try the walking-and-biking trail that goes through the airport grounds ; flyers can access it by exiting terminal C . Our judge Tom Parsons , CEO and founder of BestFares.com , also gives Washington National props for being one of the easiest airports to get around in because of its one big terminal . 7 . Dallas/Fort Worth International 60 million passengers per year There 's no better place for a family layover than Dallas/Fort Worth International  DFW  , which has two 600-square-foot play areas that feature padded airplanes , taxis , and luggage for climbing , plus a TV showing kids ' cartoons . DFW also scores high for its green fleet . Of the airport 's 580 vehicles , from buses to lawn mowers , 540 are hybrids or run on compressed natural gas . And thanks to restaurants like Tequilerias , which serves nutritious options such as jicama and mango salads , the airport stands tall in PCRM 's food rankings . 8 . Logan International  Boston 28 million passengers per year If you 're a green fanatic , you 'll love this : Logan 's terminal A , its biggest , is the world 's first airport terminal certified by the U.S. Green Building Council for using the highest green construction standards . It features roofing that reflects heat , special stormwater-filtration devices , low-flow faucets , waterless urinals , self-dimming lights , recycled construction materials , and more . And Logan 's compressed-natural-gas shuttle buses prevent 7 tons of pollution emissions from reaching the atmosphere and causing smog every year , the equivalent of taking nearly 800 cars off the road . You care more about comfort than the environment ? Logan pampers all weary travelers with 50 wooden rocking chairs , 16 decorated by local artists . 9 . Portland International  Oregon 15 million passengers per year You 'd expect an airport in the crunchy Northwest to go all-out for the environment . Portland does n't disappoint with a paved bicycle-and-walking path that links local hotels , businesses , and regional hiking and biking trails to the airport . The airport offers free covered bicycle parking adjacent to the terminal , too . Our judges also laud Portland 's recycling of cooking oil into biodiesel fuel , the abundance of live trees in the terminals , and the musicians -- mostly local stationed throughout the airport to lower the stress level . "  Loudspeaker noise on top of ambient noise is really hard on your senses , " Lanou says . "  The whole traveling experience is a lot easier when you know you do n't have to listen to just PA-system announcements . " Not surprisingly , Portland 's Laurelwood brew pub offers certified-organic beers . And the airport gets high marks for on-time departures : 80-plus percent in the latest Transportation Department annual reporting period . 10 . Philadelphia International 32 million passengers per year If you get sick at the airport , what do you do ? In Philadelphia you can head straight to the new AeroClinic , where nurse practitioners and physician assistants can diagnose and treat minor conditions like colds , allergies , and flu . The facility also offers well-care checks for people who have high blood pressure , cholesterol , thyroid problems , and diabetes . If you 're feeling fine , get a dose of heart-healthy wine at Vino Volo , the airport 's new wine-tasting bar . And if you 're traveling on a Saturday or Sunday , bring your laptop because Philly International features free Wi-Fi weekends to help you keep your mind off the stresses to come . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Airports offering nutritious food , special relaxation zones , walking paths and more Phoenix airport was ranked No. 1 for healthy eating choices , sushi , edamame Baltimore/Washington International has soft music at security checkpoints O'Hare Airport ranked third because 90 percent of restaurants offer healthy meals
Feedly , the Web-content app that got a surge of new users when Google announced it was pulling the plug on its Reader service , is making a play to inherit even more . On Wednesday , the company announced it 's rolling out Feedly Cloud , creating a one-click way for Google Reader users to migrate to Feedly , and a new , stand-alone desktop version of the service . Like Google Reader , which will shut down July 1 , Feedly pulls content from various websites into a customizable feed . "  With the release of Feedly Cloud , Feedly today transitions from a product to a platform , " the company said in a blog post . Since Google announced it was shutting down Reader in March , Feedly 's user numbers have already tripled from 4 million to about 12 million , a spokesman told CNN . The main drawback for many prospective users has been that Feedly has primarily been a mobile app , unlike Reader , which users accessed mainly on the Web . In March , Google said that while Reader had many loyal users , its popularity had been waning . It had n't seen a significant update since 2011 , and many of its social features were stripped as the company began pushing users to Google + , its social network . According to the blog post , Feedly Cloud already is processing more than 25 million feeds daily . There are multiple third-party apps attached to it , allowing users multiple options as to how they can set up their RSS feeds . An RSS feed processes posts from blogs and websites and pulls them all together in one place in a standard format . Publishers like RSS  rich site summary  because it allows users to subscribe , theoretically putting every new post in front of them automatically instead of relying on the user to check in for new content . Feedly said that a stand-alone version has been one of the more requested new features since the news broke of Google Reader 's demise . Previously , plug-ins or extensions would let users of browsers such as Chrome and Firefox access a version of Feedly , but even those patched-together versions were n't available to users of popular browsers such as Opera and Internet Explorer . Feedly Cloud will be available Wednesday to visitors to Feedly 's website .	Google Reader will be shut down July 1 Feedly makes a bid to inherit more Google Reader fans The Feedly app has tripled to 12 million users since March
From the beginning of 2015 , Britain is embarking upon an experiment with driverless cars . Transport Minister Claire Perry has already labeled it "  transformational . " In Perry 's perfect world it 'll be the precursor to millions of driverless cars on our roads . For many , it has all the constituents of a recipe for disaster . And for the realists it 's unlikely to happen in a major way for at least a couple of decades . According to Perry , driverless cars will help out harassed mums by taking on the school run . They 'll give disabled people who currently ca n't drive the power of self-mobility . And best of all , they 'll scythe into that irritating statistic that says 90 % of road crashes are caused by human error . For many people , driverless cars are an alien concept . Car maker Volvo says 2012 data showed only half of 18-37 year-olds were ready for the driverless car revolution . That means half of this digitally-savvy age group were n't . Perry cites the technology as being the barrier for humans getting to grips with driverless cars . She 's wrong . In 2014 , more than two million new cars will be sold in the UK . A significant proportion will feature the cruise control , self-parking systems , autonomous emergency braking and lane departure warning that enable a car to be driverless . We 're more than used to the technology . We understand computers are more than capable of reacting correctly to situations they 've been programmed to deal with . But we also know our roads are an incredibly complex , constantly evolving and entirely unpredictable environment . Despite all our laws and rules , roads are random , like humans . Consequently we are brilliant at reading the situations we find ourselves in ; accidents happen because we just do n't react correctly . The result of this is that having driverless cars sharing the road with human-driven vehicles has chaos written all over it . And we 're not just talking mayhem at street level . Multiple car makers agree that the technology is already fit for purpose . It 's the legislation and logistics that need sorting out . To operate safely , self-driving cars need to talk to each other . They need to identify cars that are parked and therefore not a threat . If they 're traveling in a convoy at motorway speed -- "  platooning " as it 's called -- Car A needs to tell Cars B and C to the side and behind that it wants to come off at the next junction . Then Car B needs to tell car D behind that it 's slowing down to let Car A in and so on . The only way this can work is if they talk the same language . Some car makers are currently working on this but industry insiders say the specifics are unlikely to be agreed much before 2030 . They have n't even agreed how much control the computers should take . Should they drive all the time ? Or would humans retain some control ? Once they have agreed that , drivers will need training . If you 're buying a car that 's going to hold your life in its computerized hands , the majority of responsible adults will want more than the 10-minute handover chat from a salesperson already preoccupied with how to spend their month-end bonus . And if the car then crashed because its human had n't operated it properly , who would be liable ? Does the owner 's insurance cough up ? Is it the manufacturer who sold you the car but did n't brief you properly ? Or the third party who supplied the manufacturer with the technology ? Again more questions . In an effort to answer some of these , the UK Government has set up a # 10m  $ 16m  fund to look at how driverless cars can be integrated into everyday life in the UK . That sounds great , except # 10m barely gets you off the driveway in car industry terms . A major manufacturer such as Ford will spend 100 times that just on marketing a new model . Let 's assume the government does find some answers , will Mrs Smith really be able to trust her car to take Tarquin and Mungo to school ? What happens if Mungo starts feeling sick ? Or Tarquin 's left his maths homework on the kitchen table ? I 'd hazard a computer will struggle with those little everyday challenges that we humans absorb so brilliantly . Perhaps more importantly , is just how much control we would cede . I would be happy to let a car do the driving in a slow-moving motorway traffic jam . I 'm not sure about driverless cars in a congested urban environment . And I 'm even less certain about having cars running around without a capable driver even in them . Perry is right : driverless cars could be transformational . But at the moment , there are too many questions to know if that 's going to be in a good way .	The UK government has announced a # 10 million fund to research driverless cars Transport Minister Claire Perry says the technology could be "  transformational " But James Foxall says driverless cars are programed but humans are random Driverless cars sharing the road with human-driven vehicles could be chaotic , he says
Washington  CNN  The boys -- and girls -- of Capitol Hill are back in town . Lawmakers new and old picked up their keys to their new offices and got sworn in for the 114th Congress on Tuesday . Unlike any other day of the year , all was not pomp and circumstance , but rather chaos and confusion . Animals  at least , a pet or two  roamed the halls ; desks and debris lined the Capitol basement walls ; Republicans congratulated Democrats and vice-versa . Even Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cuz , two potential GOP presidential primary opponents , hugged it out in the hallways . It marked a rare moment of camaraderie between parties and potential political foes as they prepare for what looks to be as contentious a new Congress as ever . On the House side , an attempt orchestrated by conservatives to unseat John Boehner from his position as Speaker came closer to success than many expected , with more than two dozen Republicans voting against him -- a show of discontent not seen , according to the Washington Post , since 1860 . And expressed openness from President Barack Obama and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to work together seemed already forgotten as the White House promised to veto a bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which Republicans had promised would be the very first part of their agenda after they took full control . Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey , a member of the new Democratic minority in the Senate and a former member of the House , said he was committed to getting something done on Capitol Hill even with Republicans at the helm -- but sounded less than confident it was possible . "  Whether in the majority or the minority , you have to work with the other party , " he said , noting during his decades on the Hill passing hundreds of bills he had always worked with Republicans . But asked whether he felt Republicans were sincere in their stated openness to working with Democrats , Markey admitted : "  My hope is that there is a pent-up desire to legislate . " There was , however , some bipartisan love seen in the halls of Congress on Tuesday , perhaps brought on -- or allowed to slip out -- by the chaos of the day . Republican Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas received a congratulatory handshake from Virginia Democratic Sen. Mark Warner in the hallway off the old Senate chamber , before turning to say "  hi " to newly-minted GOP Sen. Steve Daines of Montana . Daines had lost his family in the crush of people waiting for their picture and the potential for a kiss on the cheek from Vice President Joe Biden . WATCH : Joe Biden swearing in senators makes great TV "  Well , we 've got four kids , my wife , my mom and dad ! " Daines shrugged when asked how he managed to lose his family on day one . Florida Rep. Patrick Murphy , who was joined by his look-a-like older brother , planned like many of his colleagues to bring a young family member onto the floor -- his younger nephew -- while he was sworn in . Former Michigan Sen. Carl Levin was meting out kisses of his own , planting one right on Washington Democratic Sen. Patty Murray 's cheek after scooping her and his successor , new Sen. Gary Peters , into a group hug during Peters ' introductory party . Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley -- who braved a storm in Des Moines to make it in and marveled that he was only 45 minutes late -- party-hopped . "  Just get to as many receptions as you can , " he said , "  and if you 're a new member having a reception , stay around and greet and thank as many people that helped you get here . " He said he had already stopped by receptions for newly-minted GOP colleagues Sens. Dan Sullivan , Mike Rounds and Thom Tillis , and had about a dozen receptions he planned to hit -- but he 'd spend "  most of my time " with his new colleague from Iowa , Sen. Joni Ernst . Ernst was one of a handful of rising stars on the campaign trail who were finally anointed as full members of their parties on Capitol Hill on Tuesday . Mia Love , an African-American Mormon representative from Utah , got a special visit from Rep. Paul Ryan -- who thanked her friends and family for bringing "  this budding star " to Congress -- before heading to the House floor for the first business of the new Congress . Looking somewhat shell-shocked at being accosted by a reporter in the hallways , Love summed up the first day for many congressional newbies : "  I 'm excited , " she said . "  Do n't know what to expect . " "  I 'm just going " with it , she added . But there ran , underneath the fun and excitement , an undercurrent of tension that was difficult to ignore . Conservatives who voted against Boehner were grumbling before days end about punishments they were already being given or warned about by the speaker and others . Some Democrats , like West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin , who remains a perennial thorn in the President 's side , criticized his opposition to the Keystone bill , while still others sought to support him and the green elements in their base . Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin delayed a planned committee hearing on the legislation by objecting to it on the floor of the Senate . Indeed , it seemed despite Tuesday 's fun , the dirty work of legislating was n't far from lawmakers ' minds . "  It 's more or less ceremony today , " Grassley said . "  The hard work begins tomorrow . "	Members old and new were sworn in to Congress on Tuesday and moved into new digs Many party-hopped to meet their new colleagues and see their old friends Tensions between , and within , the parties remained despite the friendly atmosphere Tuesday
CNN  -- English Premier League team Manchester City unveiled plans for a new training academy on Tuesday , as the club looks to build on its recent on-field success . City were taken over by taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan in August 2008 , and have invested heavily their playing squad since . Manager Roberto Mancini guided City into the European Champions League for the first time in their history with a third-place finish in England 's top division last term , as well as leading them to an FA Cup triumph -- the club 's first trophy in 27 years . Now the Etihad Stadium outfit are hoping to maintain their push for honors with the development of a brand new academy complex a mere stone 's throw from their 47,000-seater home in east Manchester . Man Utd 's dominance a sign of EPL weakness A planning application for the project , which would boast 15 full-size and two half-size football pitches as well as accommodation for 40 youth-team players , was lodged by the two-time English champions on Tuesday . "  Manchester City has entered a new phase in the long term strategy set out by the club 's owner three years ago , " read a statement on the club 's official website . "  Whilst the club already has a strong pedigree of nurturing young talent ; the limits of what can be achieved with the existing facility have been achieved . " The site will also contain a 7,000-capacity stadium for youth team matches , a separate building for the first team and a bridge linking the Etihad Stadium to the area -- which will be known as the Etihad Campus . "  The development and recruitment of youth talent is at the heart of our long term strategy of building a sustainable football club for the future , " City 's chief football operations office Brian Marwood said . "  The opportunity to build a world class facility supported by a well researched youth development plan would be a significant step in the realization of that strategy . " Gavin Hamilton , editor of World Soccer magazine , told CNN that despite the City 's financial investment in their youth set-up , only time will tell whether it will change their current strategy of signing big-name stars such as Argentina striker Sergio Aguero and Spain midfielder David Silva . "  I 'm always slightly suspicious when big clubs start investing in youth policies , " said Hamilton . "  Chelsea did it a few years ago and very few young players have come through the youth system there . " Hamilton also cast doubt on City 's ability to match the set-up of European champions Barcelona , who have brought a number of first-team regulars through their famous La Masia academy . "  I 'm always suspicious as well when clubs say they 're going to copy Barcelona , because they are the great team of the moment and it 's very fashionable to copy what they 're doing . "  But what Barcelona have been doing goes back decades , you ca n't just buy it overnight . Even if you 're talking about a long-term development plan it 's going to take decades . " Hamilton also said that the successful development of young players is not necessarily achieved through financial investment , but through adopting the correct attitude to nurturing emerging talent -- citing Dutch champions Ajax as a perfect example of the right approach . "  The clubs that are successful with youth policies are the clubs that do n't necessarily spend a lot of money , but believe in youngsters and believe in putting youngsters into the first team at an early age . "  So a club like Ajax , which is famed for its youth academy , would n't spend a huge amount more than other clubs . But what they do have is a commitment to putting youngsters out ; blooding them at an early age and believing that if you 're good enough you 're old enough . "	Manchester City have unveiled plans for a new team academy complex The new development will be near the club 's Etihad Stadium The academy will include a 7,000-seater stadium for youth matches It was also contain 15 football pitches
CNN  -- Simply put , it 's impossible to imagine the past 50 years of rock without Lou Reed , who died Sunday at 71 . Glam rock , punk and various strains of '80s and '90s indie and alternative rock would simply vanish without his example . Every New York rocker in a black leather jacket , from the Ramones to the Strokes , stands in Reed 's shadow . David Bowie 's early gender-bending persona was explicitly in Reed 's debt . His songbook was a building block for rock 's front ranks in the '80s and '90s : R.E.M. , Nirvana , U2 . Even peers of his band the Velvet Underground looked up to it . The Rolling Stones ' 1968 song "  Stray Cat Blues , " Mick Jagger later admitted , came from trying to emulate sound of the Velvets ' "  Heroin . " Appreciation : Lou Reed , the minimalist god Yet Reed was the first rock star that was n't actually a star . Only one of the four classic albums he made with the Velvet Underground from 1967 to 1970 -- 1969 's "  The Velvet Underground " -- made the "  Billboard " album chart , peaking at just 197 . He would not climb high on the chart until 1972 , when his solo single "  Walk on the Wild Side " -- produced by Bowie -- reached No. 16 , a position he never again came near . "  If something of mine ever got popular , maybe I could 've stuck with that , " he told Spin in 2008 . "  But that was never the point . I had other goals . " And those were long-term . "  You may be drawing a circle for the thousandth time , " he told Esquire in 2000 , "  but maybe it 's a slightly better circle . " Nevertheless , he became infamous -- and grew visibly weary of being infamous -- for singing about pursuing pleasures of the flesh well past the mandates of healthy , polite society . Bob Dylan had opened pop songwriting up to just about any topic , but Reed 's refusal to flinch while singing about sadomasochism  1967 's "  Venus in Furs , " or the 1969 recording "  Foggy Notion , " released on the great 1985 outtakes compilation "  VU "  and hard drugs on "  I 'm Waiting for the Man " and "  Heroin "  both 1967  was unheard of in rock 'n' roll -- or really any music . So were the screeching , feedback-laden guitars . That thorniness was ingrained in Reed 's public persona , in his unflinching demeanor and permanently alienated worldview . John Cale , his old Velvet Underground band mate , described Reed as gratuitously vicious , once "  the most difficult person to work with I have ever known . " Reed was , by many accounts , a fearsome challenge to interview ; an anthology could be made of his most withering journalistic encounters  such as the Spin Q&A above  . Artistically , Reed could be equally contrarian . In 1975 , he issued a double-LP , "  Metal Machine Music , " containing over an hour of machine-generated feedback , to critical howls , dismal sales and irritated fans . Reed did n't care . His last release , 2011 's "  Lulu " -- a heavily improvisational collaboration with Metallica -- was similarly derided . Chuck Klosterman , writing in Grantland , called it "  appalling , " while Pitchfork gave it a 1.0  out of 10.0  . As ever , Reed proudly did whatever he damn well felt like . As a guitarist and songwriter , he practiced a conscious musical primitivism . The quote from Reed flying around Twitter the fastest in the wake of his death goes : "  One chord is fine . Two chords are pushing it . Three chords , and you 're into jazz . " But rock was Reed 's lifeline . In a 1966 magazine essay written before the Velvet Underground took off , Reed declared , "  The only decent poetry of this century was that recorded on rock-and-roll records . " While that may have been an exaggeration -- Reed studied under poet Delmore Schwartz at Syracuse University and was in that poet 's thrall for the rest of his life -- it candidly reflected his ardor for the music . Having done so much to inspire punk and post-punk , Reed became a paterfamilias of the New York rock scene around CBGB 's and Max 's Kansas City in the 1970s ; one of his finest solo albums , 1978 's "  Street Hassle , " nodded to that scene .  It also featured a vocal cameo from another fan , Bruce Springsteen . It was the beginning of the phenomenon rock producer Brian Eno would allude to in 1982 interview with journalist Kristine McKenna , when he noted that while a relatively modest number of people bought copies of 1967 's "  The Velvet Underground & Nico , " everyone who bought one started a band . That process accelerated through the '80s . By 1986 , Black Francis of Boston 's Pixies -- whose sneak-attack approach to loud choruses was adapted by , among others , Nirvana -- was singing "  I wan na be a singer like Lou Reed " on the band 's first release , "  Come on Pilgrim . " Punk rock and its many offspring were n't all that Reed touched . In 1990 , the rap group A Tribe Called Quest sampled Herbie Flowers ' rolling bass line from "  Walk on the Wild Side " on its hit , "  Can I Kick It . " Reed was a longstanding hip-hop fan ; one of his last public acts was publishing a widely read paean to Kanye West 's "  Yeezus . " "  There are moments of supreme beauty and greatness on this record , and then some of it is the same old s -- " Reed wrote . "  But the guy really , really , really is talented . " Sounds a lot like the guy who wrote it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michaelangelo Matos .	Michaelangelo Matos : Impossible to imagine past 50 years of rock without Lou Reed He says glam , punk and all alt rock in his debt ; Stones , U2 , REM among those influenced His music transgressed , with topics such as S&M , hard drugs ; his view alienated , he says Matos : Rock was Reed 's poetry , and he became paterfamilias to NYC 's rock scene
