LONDON , England  CNN  -- Princess Diana 's relationships with two Muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter "  a whore " , Paul Burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest Monday . Diana once referred to her former butler Paul Burrell as "  my rock . " Burrell , who returned to Britain from his home in Florida to give evidence , was the first star witness of the London inquest , now in its fourth month . His role as confidant to Diana , who died in a Paris car crash on August 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend Dodi Fayed and hotel security chief Henri Paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated . Burrell , whom the late princess once called "  my rock , " cast doubt on whether Diana was ready to marry Fayed . According to Burrell , the princess was still "  holding a candle " for former boyfriend and heart surgeon Hasnat Khan -- who she called "  her soulmate " -- when she started dating Fayed "  on the rebound . " Burrell told the inquest that Diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in June 1997 with her mother , Frances Shand Kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with Muslim men . "  She called the princess a ` whore ' and she said that she was messing around with ` effing Muslim men ' and she was ` disgraceful ' and said some very nasty things , " Burrell said . He agreed that , as a result of such calls Diana , decided not to talk to her mother again . The inquest , which began in October and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the Princess and Dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise . Asked earlier in the day if he believed that Fayed was "  the one , " Burrell said "  no , I did not have that impression . " He also cast doubt on claims that Fayed and Diana were engaged or on the cusp of engagement , saying : "  I find that difficult to believe . " Asked to explain himself , Burrell said : "  Because this was only a 30-day relationship and the princess had just finished a long-term relationship with someone  Khan  she cared deeply about . I knew that because I was there and I saw it . " Diana 's 18-month relationship with Khan ended around the same time she started seeing Fayed in July 1997 . Burrell said Diana had asked him at one point to investigate how a private wedding with Khan might take place , given that Khan is Muslim . Watch report on claims about Diana 's marriage plans . " Khan had not proposed to the princess , Burrell said , adding that Khan was "  the man she loved more than any other . " He said he spoke to Diana about the possibility that Fayed would give her a ring shortly before her death . Burrell said he suggested to the princess that she wear it on the fourth finger of her right hand , rather than the left , as is customary with engagement rings . "  I need marriage like a bad rash , " Burrell claimed Diana told him . Last month at the inquest Lady Annabel Goldsmith , a friend of Diana , said the princess had remarked that she needed another marriage "  like a rash on my face . " Burrell also indicated that the ring was not an engagement ring , as the Fayed family has maintained . Fayed family spokesman Michael Cole testified last week that Dodi 's father , Mohamed Al Fayed , was certain the couple had planned to marry . Lawyers at the inquest asked Burrell whether he knew whether a special announcement had been planned for the Monday following the fatal car crash . There has been speculation the couple planned to announce special news , such as an engagement . But Burrell said he knew nothing of such a plan . He said he had actually looked at Diana 's schedule for that day and found only mundane items , and nothing to indicate she planned a special announcement . Burrell also told the inquest he did not believe Prince Philip , Queen Elizabeth 's , husband was involved in Diana 's death . Mohamed Al Fayed , father of Dodi and the owner of Harrods department store , has long claimed that senior members of the royal family -- specifically the queen 's husband , Prince Philip -- ordered the pair be murdered . He also claims that Diana was pregnant at the time of her death . But Burrell said that he knew Prince Philip very well and that he could not have been behind the deaths . "  I can tell you that is not Prince Philip 's nature , " he said . "  Plus the princess was the mother of his grandchildren . Why would he want to harm her ? It 's not possible . " The inquest has seen and heard about correspondence which Prince Philip sent to Diana , with some witnesses claiming that he wrote cruel and hurtful letters . But other correspondence shown to the jury appeared to be friendly and was affectionately signed , "  Pa. " Burrell explained that Philip could sometimes come across as terse because he says what he thinks . "  Prince Philip does n't mix his words , " Burrell said . "  He says it as it is , but he is not a nasty man . Prince Philip is n't known for his diplomacy . He was fond of the princess . " Burrell worked for the British royals for 21 years and became close to Diana after her separation from Prince Charles . He has written two books about his time with the princess . In his second book , Burrell told of a letter from Diana which indicated she feared for her life . The princess wrote that Prince Charles planned " ` an accident ' in my car , brake failure and serious head injury . " One of Diana 's close friends , however , testified last month that she believed the letter could have been forged . Lucia Flecha de Lima said on December 18 that Burrell was capable of imitating the princess 's handwriting . Lawyers questioned Burrell about the date of the letter . Burrell said it was written in October 1996 , two months , after Diana and Charles divorced -- yet the letter refers to Charles as "  my husband . " Burrell responded that Diana always referred to Charles that way , even after the divorce . The inquest has revealed that Diana was a prolific letter-writer who also received a lot of correspondence . Witnesses , including Burrell , recall that the princess kept the letters in her desk , with the more important ones stored in a special box . Burrell testified that after Diana 's death , her mother , Frances Shand-Kidd , worked every day for a week shredding the papers from Diana 's desk . He said he expressed concern about the shredding during a meeting he had with the queen on December 19 , 1997 . It was at this meeting that Queen Elizabeth told Burrell : "  There are powers at work in this country about which we have no knowledge . " That comment , which has been widely reported , was meant to warn him to be careful , Burrell said , and was not a warning about any one person or group of people . At the same meeting Burrell also told the queen that he had taken some of Diana 's belongings to keep safe . The details of the conversation emerged when Burrell stood trial for their alleged theft in 2002 , causing the case against him to collapse . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Emily Chang and Heidi Berger contributed to this report .	Paul Burrell , Princess Diana 's former butler , gives evidence at inquest Describes phone call in which Diana 's mother called her daughter "  a whore " Burrell says Queen Elizabeth 's husband was not involved in Diana 's death Also claims that Diana told him : "  I need marriage like a bad rash "
CNN  Documentary filmmaker Michael Moore pronounced that "  snipers are n't heroes " in a tweet on Sunday as "  American Sniper , " the Oscar-nominated biopic of a former Navy SEAL and sharpshooter , won the weekend box office . The "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " and "  Bowling for Columbine " director later expanded on his remarks , saying : "  But if you 're on the roof of your home defending it from invaders who 've come 7K miles , you are not a sniper , u are brave , u are a neighbor . " Moore has long been a staunch advocate for stricter gun control laws in the U.S. , and his statements are known to court controversy . His latest comments quickly prompted backlash . Former U.S. House speaker and CNN contributor Newt Gingrich invited Moore to spend some time with terrorist cells overseas , then weigh in on the value of snipers . The movie , starring Bradley Cooper and directed by Clint Eastwood , earned $ 105 million in weekend ticket sales and nabbed six Academy Award nominations last week , including best picture . The box office take trumped previous records for a January opening and is expected to grow on Monday as moviegoers enjoy another day off for the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday weekend . Moore is n't the only one in Hollywood taking aim at the film : Actor Seth Rogen equated the war drama to a Nazi propaganda film shown in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds . " "  American Sniper " is based on the best-selling memoir of the same name by Chris Kyle . Kyle served four tours in Iraq with the Navy SEALs and is lauded as "  America 's deadliest sniper . " He was not without controversy of his own , including disputed claims in his book that he punched former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura and killed two armed carjackers . Kyle was shot and killed by a former Marine in 2013 .	Filmmaker Michael Moore tweets he was taught snipers were "  cowards " Moore 's statement comes the same weekend "  American Sniper " broke box office records "  American Sniper " earned six Oscar nominations , including best picture
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- The French government is in talks with Libyan rebels about supplying them with weapons and ammunition , a Libyan opposition military spokesman in Misrata said late Thursday . The French government has not confirmed the claim , which follows an acknowledgement earlier this week that its military has previously dropped light weaponry to rebels elsewhere . Ibrahim Baitalmal , the spokesman for Misrata 's Military Council , said that if the French agreed to help in Misrata , anti-Gadhafi forces there would receive much needed supplies to fight against Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces . Misrata is surrounded on three sides by Gadhafi 's forces , which are much better armed . The city 's only outlet is by sea . Gadhafi has been under enormous international pressure to step down following a months-long uprising by rebels , emboldened by popular movements across the Middle East , trying to bring an end to his 42-year rule . The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution in March authorizing force by whatever means necessary , with the exception of a ground invasion , to protect civilians . NATO began bombing military targets a short time later . Libyan state TV reported Friday that NATO had attacked targets in the city of Gharyan , south of the capital , Tripoli . It also reported that pro-Gadhafi forces had bombed an opposition building in Tobruk , in the far east of the country . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov demanded an explanation from Paris Thursday over its parachuting-in of arms to Libyan rebels -- which was first revealed in a French media report Wednesday -- Russian news agency Itar-Tass reported . Lavrov said that if confirmed , France 's action was in violation of the U.N.resolution . But speaking in Moscow Friday , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said his country 's NATO partners and the U.N. Security Council had been told about France 's decision to drop weapons for the Libyan opposition . "  We are exactly within the framework of resolutions 1970 and 1973 ... all means can be used to help civilian populations to protect themselves , " he said . "  It 's within that framework that we reacted . We informed our NATO partners and the Security Council . " French Ministry of Defense spokesman Colonel Thierry Burkhard confirmed Wednesday that its military had dropped food , medical products and light weaponry by parachute to Libyans in Djebel Nefoussa . "  It became clear that people there were defenseless and very much threatened by Gadhafi 's forces , " he said . "  The weapons were given for self defense because of the security situation . " Speaking at a news conference Thursday , Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi said rebel forces were receiving arms from France but were not trained in their use . He said it was reckless of France to take such action , saying it went "  against all of the proclaimed aims of NATO 's intervention in Libya . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan state TV reports strikes by NATO forces in Gharyan , south of Tripoli Rebel leaders in Misrata say they are in talks with France about supplying arms France has not confirmed that claim , but says it has dropped weapons to rebels elsewhere Libya 's leader Moammar Gadhafi is under huge international pressure to step down
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If , by some extraordinary feat of filmic conjuring , you somehow spliced Death Race 2000 , Back to the Future and Priscilla : Queen of the Desert , editing out the violence , time travel and transvestism , but keeping in the racing , futuristic cars and Australian scenery , you 'd probably end up with something vaguely resembling the Panasonic World Solar Challenge . Now celebrating its 20th anniversary , the Challenge is the world 's premier long-distance race for solar-powered vehicles , with competitors traveling 3000 kms along the Stuart Highway from Darwin in the far north of Australia to Adelaide in the south in cars powered solely by sunlight . In the process they not only pass through some of the most spectacular and inhospitable terrain on earth -- temperatures in the Australian outback can exceed 50 degrees Centigrade -- but also send out a strong environmental message , pushing forward the boundaries of green technology and promoting the benefits of solar power as an alternative energy source . The fact that the race is also , in the words of one competitor , "  a bloody good laugh , " only adds to its appeal . "  It 's a great adventure , " the race director Chris Selwood told CNN , "  One that allows the bright young people of the globe to come up with creative solutions to the problem of sustainable transport , while at the same time to drawing attention to the importance of lightening the environmental footprint of our personal transport needs . " First run in 1987 , the race was the brainchild of Danish adventurer and environmental campaigner Hans Thostrup , who in 1982 designed and built "  Quiet Achiever , " the world 's first ever solar-powered car . The inaugural competition featured 23 teams , with the winning vehicle -- the General Motors-sponsored Sunraycer -- completing the distance at an average speed of 67 kilometers per hour  42 miles per hour  . Things have moved on somewhat since then . Thostrup sold the rights to the race to the South Australian Government in 1996 , and what was initially a triennial event -- i.e. held every three years -- went biennial  every two years  in 1999 . The average speed has shot up to 103 kph  64 mph  -- in the 2005 race the winning car achieved a top speed of 147 kph  91 mph  -- while the competition has expanded to incorporate several different classes of vehicle : the Challenge and Adventure Classes for exclusively solar cars , and the Greenfleet Technology Class for other types of environmentally friendly , low-emission vehicles . This year 's race , which left Darwin on October 21 , features teams from 18 countries , including entrants from as far afield as Venezuela , Senegal , Malaysia and Japan . See photos of this year 's cars " There are 47 cars in all , 37 of them solar-powered -- 20 in the Challenge Class  maximum 6 square meters of solar panels  and 17 in the Adventure Class  eight square meters of panels  -- and 10 Greenfleet Competitors . "  It 's not so much about how fast you can go , " explains Selwood , "  But rather how far you can go on limited energy . "  Unlike traditional motor racing the focus is on the cars themselves rather than the people who actually drive them . " It is very much a young person 's adventure -- the majority of entrants represent schools and universities , with an average age in the early 20s -- although participation would be impossible without grants and corporate sponsorship . "  There 's a $ 3000AUD  $ 2697  entry fee , " explains Selwood , "  And for a team of eight people it would typically cost about $ 30,000 AUD  $ 26,965  to mount their campaign once they 've actually got to Australia . "  On top of that you 've actually got to design and build the car , which could cost anything from $ 50,000 AUD  $ 44,944  to $ 2.5 million AUD  $ 2.25 million  . " In 2001 , 2003 and 2005 the Challenge Class -- the competition 's Blue Riband event -- was won by Nuon a team from the University of Delft in the Netherlands , and it is they who are currently leading this year 's event . "  We 've had eleven people working full time on the car since December 2006 , " says Nuon 's Tine Lavrysen , "  So we dearly want to win . "  There 's a lot of pressure on us . " The race itself is lasts eight days , although faster competitors such as Nuon are expected to reach Adelaide in closer to five . The cars set off each morning at 8 am , and drive until 5 pm , when they stop and camp at whatever point they have reached that day . "  Last time an all-girls school team camped by the road near the ranch of one of the richest men in Australia , who shall remain nameless , " says Selwood . "  When he found out they were there he invited them all up to his mansion for dinner . That 's the sort of thing that happens . " Each team carries an official observer with them , is allowed up to four drivers per vehicle , and is required to travel with a safety car both in front and behind to warn other traffic of their presence , although for much of the Stuart Highway there is little other traffic to warn . "  It 's difficult to grasp the remoteness , " says Selwood . "  Especially in the Northern Territories . It 's just a straight road with the occasional road-house  rest stop  and road-train  giant lorry  , but very little else . "  Except , of course , the wonderful Australian scenery . " Since 1987 the original aim of the competition -- simply to design and build a solar-powered car that could cross Australia -- has had to be modified and adapted as technology has become increasingly sophisticated . "  The original challenge of creating a solar car that could cross the continent has been well and truly met , " says Selwood . "  This year we have sought to re-establish the challenge and make things a little bit more difficult . We have introduced different classes of car , cut back the number of solar arrays that are allowed , and introduced other rules such as the driver having to sit upright in a normal driving position , and having to get in and out of the car unaided . "  It 's all designed to get the teams thinking , see how far they can push the technology . That 's what the competition is all about , giving kids an opportunity to be creative . " While the fruits of that creativity may not look especially car-like -- with their arrays of solar panels most of the entries resemble nothing so much as giant silicon chips on wheels -- they are nonetheless driving forward , quite literally , a quiet revolution in energy efficiency . "  A normal petrol engine is about 25 percent efficient in terms of energy use , " explains Tine Lavrysen . "  Even the best ones are only about 50-60 percent efficient . The motor on our solar car , on the other hand , is 95 percent efficient . " Although competition for the cherished World Solar Cup is fierce , it is the technological challenge posed by the event that really motivates the teams . "  In university you get to design a lot of things , but only on paper , " says Lavrysen , who is studying industrial design engineering . "  Here you can actually build something and run it , which teaches you an awful lot . " There 's also the sheer enjoyment of taking part . "  It 's an extremely fun , friendly competition , " says Lavrysen . "  Everyone gets on with everyone else , and helps out if anyone has problems . "  Although the Umicore team from Belgium are our main rivals at the moment , we had a barbecue with them last night , and lent them a drill when they had a problem with their steering column . "  It 's all very good natured . Although we 'll still be upset if we do n't win . " ... . Could solar cars replace petrol vehicles ? What 's the future for transport ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum .	The Panasonic World Solar Challenge is currently crossing Australia Race involves cars powered exclusively by solar energy 47 teams from 18 countries cover 3000 kms in 8 days Solar-powered cars reach speeds of up to 147 kilometers per hour
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A protester who wanted his message to stick managed to superglue himself to the British prime minister Tuesday evening . Dan Glass , right , takes hold of the British PM 's right arm just before he was about to receive his award . Dan Glass was at 10 Downing Street to receive a charity 's award for his work on transportation issues when he staged the unusual protest . Just before Prime Minister Gordon Brown presented him with the award , Glass squirted superglue in the palm of his left hand . He shook Brown 's right hand and then grabbed the prime minister 's sleeve . "  I 've just superglued myself to your arm , " Glass said he told Brown . "  Do n't panic . This is a non-violent protest . " Glass is affiliated with the group Plane Stupid , which campaigns against airport expansion and climate change . He said he acted to protest Brown 's "  hypocrisy " on the issues . Watch Glass explain his actions on CNN " "  I just wanted a few more minutes of his time to get the message across , because he 's not listening to communities affected by airport expansion , " Glass told CNN on Wednesday . The prime minister managed to free himself in about 30 seconds , Glass said . "  He can shake off my arm , but he can not shake away climate change , " he added . Glass also claimed that some people in the room actually applauded when they realized what has happening . "  I think he -LSB- Brown -RSB- knew he was outnumbered on this issue , " Glass said . A Brown spokesman called the incident "  minor " and "  very lighthearted . " Glass said he was allowed to remain at the prime minister 's residence for about 40 minutes after the event . "  I think Brown would have been humiliated further if an actual award winner had been ejected from the ceremony , " he said . Police filed no charges . According to their website , the Plane Stupid group formed in 2005 inspired by the anti-roads protests in Britain during the mid-1990s . The group -- which describes itself as non-partisan -- is funded primarily by donations from individuals and organizations . Members are encouraged to take direct but non-violent action against the aviation industry , a sector they describe as "  one of the root causes of climate change . "	Dan Glass was due to receive award from Brown for his work on transport issues Glass squirted superglue in his left hand and then shook Brown 's right hand "  Prime minister managed to free himself in about 30 seconds , " said Glass Glass part of Plane Stupid group , which campaigns against climate change
Egypt is aflame again . After seven weeks of warning of an imminent clampdown against sit-ins in support of deposed President Mohammed Morsy , the unelected and military-backed government is besieging civilian crowds to allegedly "  restore democracy . " Emotions are running high on both sides . Dialogue and negotiations are seen as weaknesses . Military might and forceful clearing of Egypt 's public squares will not solve the country 's deep political problems . The solution is with Morsy . For the large numbers of Egyptians who protested in the heat while starving during the Ramadan month of fasting , Morsy remains the legitimate president of Egypt . And the violent and deadly clashes between security forces and protesters in Cairo will continue and many more lives will be lost unless we recognize and address this basic grievance . Opinion : Al Qaeda 's leader 's ' I told you so ' on Egypt The protesters are being led by the Muslim Brotherhood . They will not abandon mass street protests , their "  comfort zone " as they have said . Thousands have been injured in the past two months and almost 200 people killed . Egypt 's economy will continue to tank , and political instability will haunt this ancient land . So what to do ? The clue came from Morsy 's son Osama Morsy when he was interviewed by CNN recently . Osama has rallied his father 's supporters through public speeches . He knows the mood at the Rabaa El-Adawiyah rally and elsewhere in Egypt . He confirmed the standard views of the Muslim Brotherhood and others who oppose the recent military coup . But then he hinted at something : "  Dad , you are the legitimate leader ; you are the elected leader and elected president . We back any decision you take , even if you decided to leave the office . " This might seem odd to outside observers and anti-Morsy Egyptians , but to the Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's most-organized political force , Morsy is still the president of Egypt . They still believe Morsy is in office , and unless he resigns , the protesters will not waver in their support for him . Security forces opening fire on the protesters or the military clearing the various public squares across Egypt only makes martyrs of the Muslim Brotherhood . The only way out of this impasse is for Morsy to resign from office to save Egypt from further instability and loss of life . Opinion : How to rescue the Arab Spring If Morsy were to officially resign , the Brotherhood would no longer need to rally around an individual , one of their own , who has been humiliated and mistreated . Morsy 's resignation also provides the Muslim Brotherhood with a face-saving exit from its entrenched position of "  Morsy is to be reinstated " during their protests . If Morsy were willing to leave office , it would also illustrate to Egyptians his desire to prevent further loss of life , return Egypt to civility , end the country 's national disunity and allow the Brotherhood to return to the political process through elections rather than disruptive protests . If the past five Egyptian elections are a guide , then the Muslim Brotherhood will most likely dominate future parliamentary contests . By resigning , Morsy would strengthen the Muslim Brotherhood . Ending the emerging culture of street violence would help to discredit the military 's claim that the Muslim Brotherhood is turning violent and therefore should be banned , a move that would spell disaster for Islamist political activists and fuel radicalism in the country . In sum , the parallel universe in which the Muslim Brotherhood 's leadership and supporters exist needs to be recognized . Catherine Ashton , foreign policy chief of the European Union , has sought to be of help to Egypt , but she has not offered much leadership or vision . Egyptians do not need more news conferences and hurrying through meetings to catch a flight  as Ashton did  . Cooler heads within the Muslim Brotherhood must prevail in persuading Morsy to resign . Ashton and others can be helpful in negotiating their access to Morsy . Why the bloodshed in Cairo ? Egyptian politics will not evolve from mass protests . Yes , Morsy deserved more time in office to rectify his errors . And yes , the coup was a tragic error . And yes , Egypt 's political opposition is a shambles , the local media deeply biased , the judiciary corrupt and the military politicized . The Muslim Brotherhood 's task is not to uphold Morsy but to renew and reform Egypt 's politics and economy by learning from Turkey 's success . To do that , Morsy can help Egypt and the Muslim Brotherhood move forward by submitting his official resignation urgently . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	Ed Husain : Many Egyptian protesters believe Morsy is the legitimate president He says Morsy 's son hinted his dad should step down , thus quelling unrest Husain says Morsy stepping down would give Brotherhood face-saving exit Husain : Brotherhood must be recognized ; if Morsy goes , Egypt can move forward
CNN  -- Mark Wilson claimed his second PGA Tour win of the season as he beat fellow American Jason Dufner at the second extra hole of a playoff to win the Phoenix Open Monday . Wilson drained an 10-foot birdie putt to edge out Dufner after both had finished tied on 18-under 266 in regulation play , the tournament held over after frost delayed proceedings Sunday . Wilson , who took the season-opening Sony Open is riding the crest of the wave with his fourth career PGA Tour win . "  This is the best golf I 've every played in my life , I do n't get down on myself and I 've a good attitude right now , " he told the Golf Channel . Wilson closed with a two-under 69 while Dufner went into the playoff after a fine 66 with birdies at the 16th and 18th as he chased his first Tour win . His victory completed a dream weekend for Wilson , who is a big fan of Super Bowl winners , the Green Bay Packers . "  I was a little more nervous today than I was expecting , " he told the official PGA Tour website . "  I did n't sleep great last night . It was probably the excitement with the Super Bowl and the uncertainty of today . " His victory secured his spot in the Masters as he jumps from 91st to 51st in the world rankings . Scotland 's Martin Laird  65  and veteran Vijay Singh of Fiji  66  tied for third at 16-under 268 . Home hope Tommy Gainey , who led by one shot after 54 holes , was in the mix down the stretch , but found the water twice at the par-four 17th on his way to a triple bogey .	Mark Wilson wins Phoenix Open after playoff victory over fellow American Jason Dufner Wilson holes birdie putt at second extra hole for fourth career PGA Tour win Wilson took season-opening Sony Open and leads money list Martin Larid of Scotland and Fiji 's Vijay Singh share third
CNN  They come from more than 20 countries , drawn to Libya as the funnel to Europe . Eritreans want to escape repression or military service ; Somalis flee Al-Shabaab and clan warfare ; Syrians have given up hope of returning home . In villages in Senegal and elsewhere across West Africa , young men sell all they have in the hope of a better life in Europe , perhaps hoping to join a cousin or brother who made it . Motivations among the tens of thousands making the trek to the Mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved , according to researchers and human rights groups . But in 2014 more than 80 % of them headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation . From the Horn of Africa to the Atlantic , from Syria and Gaza , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes . Along the way they must cross deserts and mountains , risk kidnap or robbery , are often cheated or left stranded . One African migrant reported surviving on toothpaste for days . A teenage Somali who made it to Malta told researchers that he had warned other family members not to come . "  I tell them its 95 % sure that you will die , " he said . The International Organization for Migration  IOM  has tracked the migrant flows through North Africa for years . Eritreans have long been prominent among the travelers , escaping an authoritarian government , poverty and indefinite military service -- a land without possibilities . "  Many conscripts are not demobilized from the military as scheduled and some were forced to serve indefinitely under threats of detention , torture , or punishment of their families , " according to a report by the Regional Mixed Migration Secretariat  RMMS  in Nairobi last year . They travel to Sudan , so long as they can avoid kidnap by tribes on the border , and are handed from one group of smugglers to the next in relay . One Eritrean woman told the UN Refugee agency  UNHCR  this month that she had paid $ 5,000 to reach the Mediterranean . Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year , according to Arezo Malakooti , director of migration research at Altai Consulting and author of one of the most detailed studies of migration patterns . Malakooti has recently visited seven countries , including Libya , Tunisia and Morocco to update her study . The "  push factor " is much greater than the "  pull " of Europe , she says . Upheavals and instability across much of Africa and the Middle East -- combined with the perception that Libya 's doors are open -- have led to a massive increase in the numbers trying to reach Libya . "  Worsening repression in Eritrea " has been one factor , she says -- while Eritreans already in refugee camps in Sudan have decided to make a dash for the Mediterranean . One reason is that other routes -- through Saudi Arabia and to Israel -- have become more difficult : Israel has adopted a much tougher approach on would-be Eritrean migrants trying to enter the country through the Sinai desert , including detention , and Yemen 's implosion has cut off that conduit . As one Eritrean told the humanitarian journal IRIN last year : "  People were traveling to Israel because it was the only way , and now they 're traveling to Europe because it 's the only way . " Somalis , often seen as the third most numerous nationality among migrants headed to the Mediterranean , face a perfect storm of crises . "  Extreme poverty ; prolonged insecurity ; sexual violence and other serious human rights violations ; lack of access to basic needs such as food , medical services , healthcare and livelihoods " are all contributory factors , says the RMMS . Sea-tossed storm of human misery hits Italian shores The IOM told CNN it is seeing a spike in would-be migrants from Senegal , Mali , Guinea and Gambia in West Africa . Many reason that Libya 's chaos is an opportunity : border posts are left abandoned , the coastline unguarded . Most West Africans make the journey for economic reasons ; the majority are single men in their twenties . Populations in the region are swelling but farmland and economic security shrinking . Often , say researchers , the oldest son leaves to find work so he can remit funds home -- perhaps misled by fables of riches . Malakooti noted in a recent report that "  unrealistic expectations of their migration is fueled by migrants in destination who rarely send negative news home because of the pressure on them to succeed . " But West Africans who have sold livestock or other possessions only to be caught or stranded can face destitution when they return home : 400 Senegalese were recently repatriated from Libya by the Red Cross and IOM . Malians have the added incentive of the recent conflict in which jihadist groups seized nearly half the country before French-led intervention pushed them back . Joel Millman of the IOM says there 's also been an increase in the number of Nigerian Christians following this route , escaping the chaos and brutality inflicted on their towns and villages by Boko Haram . Another disturbing phenomenon , according to Malakooti , is the trafficking of African women for prostitution to Italy through Libya . While still a small fraction of the overall migration , the number of women smuggled for sexual exploitation in Europe rose threefold in 2014 , she says . Why migrants are risking their lives to reach Italy A Geneva-based group , the Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime , estimated last year that about half of West African migrants pass through the town of Agadez in northern Niger . A crackdown in 2013 on organized convoys leaving Agadez stemmed the flow for a while , but gangs from the Toubou tribe , which controls the cross-border trade , developed new routes and raised their prices . A migrant might pay as much as $ 300 to reach southern Libya in a truck or pick-up , according to researchers . Reliable figures on the numbers passing through Agadez are difficult to come by , but the consensus among experts is somewhere between 2,000 and 7,000 every month . Other hubs include Khartoum in Sudan , a way-station for migrants from East Africa , and Tamanrasset in southern Algeria , where a fake Malian passport aids passage . Algeria has also been a destination for Syrian refugees , but new visa requirements have forced them to seek other routes -- often through Turkey and the Greek islands . Hundreds of thousands of other migrants have already been in Libya for years , attracted to jobs as day laborers when Moammar Gadhafi was in power . Now they face violence , discrimination and religious persecution -- and are unable even to remit home what little they earn . So at least some are embarking on a journey to Europe they never intended to take . Malakooti believes this is a major factor in the rising numbers trying to reach Europe . The recent murder of Egyptian and Ethiopian Christians by ISIS 's Libyan affiliate may have hastened the departure of some . A similar dynamic applies to Syrian refugees . "  Initially , they remained in Lebanon , Jordan and other neighboring countries to wait out the conflict , " says Malakooti . Now they 've given up , or the resources to accommodate them have evaporated -- and have decided to try to reach Europe and start over . Within Libya , the smugglers for the most part appear to be small groups or individuals rather than large networks , according to human rights organizations . They cluster in dusty towns such as Sabha and Qatrun and use what are known as ` connection houses . ' How is Europe going to tackle migrant crisis Those driving migrants to Tripoli may have no connection with gangs at the coast . Such a journey , across the desert to avoid checkpoints , might cost a migrant $ 200 : in a failed state that sort of cash quickly generates armed rivalries . Tribal feuds , roaming militias and criminal gangs mean migrants need the skills of a smuggler . The arrival of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  in Libya has further complicated passage ; in January jihadists killed 14 Libyan soldiers near Sabha . Malakooti detects a changing pattern since the Syrian conflict began . It has injected more money into the smuggling business , which has therefore become more organized . The more reliable groups can charge more ; she says some migrants buy a "  package " from smugglers that includes overland and sea travel . Syrian migrants are relatively better off than West Africans , and may pay more to guarantee a place on the top deck of a vessel . Africans are more often locked in the hold and are more vulnerable if a vessel sinks , or consigned to an inflatable dinghy . Fearing arrest , the smugglers rarely travel on the boats themselves , instead giving a compass or GPS device to the migrants , who then set off with no navigational skills and often no experience of the sea in boats that should never have left port . As Libya becomes more dangerous for migrants , other countries on both sides of the Mediterranean are looking on anxiously . Some West Africans opt to travel through Morocco -- even though the chances of detection there are much greater and the sea crossing to Spain very difficult . "  A migrant might need 50 or 60 attempts before making it to the Spanish coast , " says Malakooti . Tunisia has massively increased security along its eastern border with Libya ; both Algeria and Morocco have begun building fences along their border -- against both terrorism and clandestine migration . But they may be little deterrent . The Eritrean writer Abu Bakr Khaal made the desperate voyage to and across the Mediterranean himself . In his novel "  African Titanics , " he describes the "  dangerous lure " of escape . Only too late do the migrants discover a grim reality at sea : " ` If God loved me he would not have brought me here , ' groaned one of the passengers . Assured he had uttered the most fitting farewell to life , he threw himself into the sea . The boat moved forward at the whim of the waves . " Meet the couple on a mission to save drowning migrants	Would-be immigrants come from more than 20 countries to North Africa to cross Mediterranean to Europe They risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains ; many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the Libyan coast
Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska announced Tuesday that he will not run for re-election next year . Nelson , 70 , said in a statement that it was time to "  step away from elective office , spend more time with my family , and look for ways to serve our state and nation . " "  Simply put : It is time to move on , " Nelson said in the statement . Despite his record as a conservative Democrat who sometimes voted against his party , Nelson had been considered a top target of Republicans heading into the 2012 elections . A former two-term governor of Nebraska , Nelson narrowly won election to the Senate in 2000 and easily won re-election in 2006 . His departure increases the difficulty for Democrats to retain their Senate majority next year . Democrats currently have a 53-47 margin in the Senate , including two independents who caucus with them . In the 2012 elections , 23 of the 33 seats up for grabs are currently held by Democrats and the two independents . So far , six other Democratic senators and two Republicans have announced they will retire instead of running for re-election next year . A Senate Democratic leadership aide , speaking on condition of not being identified , told CNN that party officials are reaching out to former Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey to possibly run for Nelson 's seat . Kerrey , 68 , is a Medal of Honor winner from the Vietnam War who , like Nelson , served as both a Democratic governor and senator . Nelson was known for looking out for his state 's interests , especially on agriculture issues . He sided with Republicans on some high-profile issues , opposing the Supreme Court nomination of Elena Kagan and a climate-change measure pushed by the White House and Democrats . President Barack Obama commended Nelson for working with both parties during his career , saying in a statement it was "  a trait far too often overlooked in today 's politics . " Jim Manley , the former long-time spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Nelson was often a "  thorn in Harry Reid 's side . " However , Manley said Reid "  always respected the fact that Nelson was trying to do what was best for Nebraska . " According to the Senate Democratic leadership aide , Reid and Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , tried to convince Nelson to stay in Congress after Nelson told a local newspaper a few weeks ago he was still deciding on whether to run . "  Over the last several weeks , there were intense conversations with Reid and Schumer trying to make Nelson understand how needed he was and how valued he is as a member of the caucus , " the Senate aide said . "  Ultimately they understood that this is a personal decision . " A Democratic strategist who spoke on condition of not being identified characterized Nelson 's decision as disloyal to the party . "  He typically takes the easy way out , " the strategist said . "  The party has stood by him , but when the going gets tough , he abandons the party . " In his statement , Nelson called for "  those who will follow in my footsteps to look for common ground and to work together in bipartisan ways to do what 's best for the country , not just one political party . " "  Public office is a place for public service , not personal profit , " Nelson 's statement said . "  It 's about promoting the common good , not the agenda of the radical right or the radical left . It 's about fairness for all , not privileges for the few . And , it 's about protecting the rights of individuals , even if it angers the majority . I hope and believe I have fulfilled these principles to the best of my ability . "	Party officials are reaching out to former Sen. Bob Kerrey regarding Nelson 's seat Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson announces he will not seek re-election Nelson was expected to face a tough Republican challenge next year The former Nebraska governor is a conservative Democrat
CNN  -- Just one week ago Republicans were united , railing against the man-made evil known as Obamacare . They hated it so much , they said , they would tie the funding of the government to the defunding of the dread program . Sure , they had tried more than 40 times to get rid of the plan before , but they had never done this : Attach the plan to kill it to a must-pass piece of legislation . It was an idea born of necessity , some now tell me . Republicans in the House had been hit over the head in their districts by ads run by conservative political action committees  paging Sen. Ted Cruz , who appeared in some  . The rap against them : They had not worked hard enough to slay the evil dragon . The charge , having been plastered all over TV , was leveled against them at town hall meetings over the summer . They came back to Washington very angry at Cruz and Company . And in survival mode . So the plan to defund Obamacare -- and tie it to a measure to fund the government -- was hatched . Never mind that House Speaker John Boehner was already on the record saying he did n't want to do that . He had no choice but to capitulate : If he did n't adopt the strategy , he would face a revolt . Who wants that when you 're just back from summer vacation ? So defunding Obamacare became the new war cry . It passed the House , went to the Senate , where Cruz then promptly told reporters it would die . At that moment , Cruz morphed from the Pied Piper of House Republicans into the man on the Most Wanted sign . He had left them out on a limb . "  He 's a demagogue , " one senior House Republican told me , then going on to detail how Cruz was shooting "  his own team from behind " and other choice descriptions . So Cruz had no choice but to mount his own faux-filibuster , which went nowhere . The Senate passed a clean bill to fund the government , and the rest is history . But a funny thing happened on the way to the national stage : The president decided not to cave , and Republicans treated this as if it were shocking that he would not gut his single biggest legislative achievement . But something else happened , too . The health care exchanges -- the heart of Obamacare -- came online , and it was a mess . The White House that had been lauded for its technical acumen suddenly looked like a bunch of Luddites . The system crashed , bobbed and frustrated . The White House refused to release reliable numbers so the public 's level of participation could be gauged . It landed with one big thud , which would have been a big problem for the administration , except for this : Nobody was talking about it , because the country was preoccupied with the shutdown . So Republicans had accomplished the seemingly impossible : They trampled their own message on Obamacare . They finally had a great hook . But what were they doing instead ? Scrambling to find ways to re-fund parts of the government to curb public outrage . Great strategy . Oh , and by the way , we could wind up paying all of those furloughed workers . Sure , this is n't their fault . But look at it this way : A government drowning in red ink is paying people not to work . Another great moment . All of which brings us up to date in this dysfunctional story . So Obamacare had a crashing start , the government is shut down , and the deadline to raise the debt ceiling is a week away . And the debt ceiling , as you know by now , is the bigger problem : no Social Security checks , no Medicare , high interest rates , and on and on . Everyone -- save for some debt ceiling deniers -- believes it ca n't happen . So what to do ? If you look closely here , you will see that something very profound has changed : Republicans seem to have pressed the delete key on talk of defunding Obamacare . They ca n't get it done . Their poll numbers are tanking . They 're panicking . And some cooler heads I have spoken with are privately making the same point : Was n't it always unfair to promise people something the Republicans knew they could never deliver  defunding Obamacare  ? So Boehner , no fool , carefully turned the page on all of this , moving to the terra firma he always wanted to be on in the first place : deficit reduction . Tie a package of spending cuts to raising the debt ceiling , he says . That 's what has always been done . We are being reasonable about this . No , says the president . You 're not being reasonable . You tried to kill my health reform bill , so no negotiation until you fund the government and raise the debt ceiling without anything attached . In the end , they will probably find a short-term way to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling and continue to argue over spending and taxes . But the House GOP scheme , abetted by Cruz and outside conservatives , will become a case for the civics classes . A study of the newly perverse politics of our time , and how a government was brought to its knees over a fight only a few wanted to wage -- that everyone secretly knew could never be won . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Republicans have quietly abandoned strategy to defund Obamacare She says they secretly knew it was hopeless but felt forced into it by Ted Cruz , others Borger says shutdown news overshadowed sputtering start to Obamacare She says Boehner is back to where he wanted to be : urging spending cuts for debt limit deal
CNN  -- French radio journalists Ghislaine Dupont and Claude Verlon have been found dead in northern Mali , the French Foreign Ministry said Saturday . The two Radio France International reporters were kidnapped Saturday morning after conducting interviews with a Tuareg rebel near the northern town of Kidal , a local governor said , according to RFI sister network France Info . Verlon and Dupont "  were abducted by four men aboard a Toyota , " Kidal Gov. Adama Kamissoko said while in Bamako , according to France Info . Kidal was one of the strongholds of the Islamic militant Tuareg uprising last year that plunged Mali into chaos after a military-led coup . Following the coup , the al Qaeda-linked Tuareg rebels occupied the northern half of the country . Earlier this year , as part of France 's intervention to flush out Islamist militants in Mali , the French military secured the area around Kidal , the last major town that was under rebel control in northern Mali . The two reporters were abducted in front of the home a member of the Tuareg rebels ' National Movement of a Liberation of Azawad , RFI reported . The two journalists could be heard resisting their abduction , according to their driver , who was forced by the gunmen to lay on the ground , RFI said . French President Francois Hollande condemned the killings , calling them "  despicable , " according to a statement released by the presidential palace . The kidnapping and deaths come the same week that four long-held French hostages were released . They had been abducted by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in neighboring Niger and had been held since 2010 .	NEW : The journalists were abducted after interviewing a rebel , RFI reports French President Francois Hollande calls the killings "  despicable " The French Foreign Ministry confirms the deaths The journalists worked for Radio France International
CNN  -- A second woman found dead during the weekend in East Cleveland has been identified , authorities said Tuesday . She is Shetisha Sheeley , 28 , of Cleveland -- one of three people found dead within a few blocks from each other . Mayor Gary Norton believes the killings happened over 10 days and that the same assailant is responsible . Another victim had been identified earlier as Angela Deskins , 38 , of Cleveland . A suspect , 35-year-old Michael Madison , was formally charged Monday in the deaths . Mayor warns : ` There might be more victims ' "  I do n't know why this person did what they did to my daughter , but I just want everybody just to pray for me . Because this is really , really hard on me right now , " Kim Sheeley , Shetisha Sheeley 's mother , told CNN affiliate WEWS . Wiping tears from her eyes , she said her 25-year-old son was murdered some seven months ago . "  It was really hard . It 's taken a toll out of me . I do n't know what else to say , but thank you all for whoever is praying for me , " she told WEWS .	The woman is identified as Shetisha Sheeley , 28 She is one of three people found dead within a few blocks from each other "  I just want everybody just to pray for me , " Sheeley 's mother tells CNN affiliate WEWS
Prisons in developing countries can usually be characterized as hazardous and chaotic places for offenders . Due to limited resources , the prisons are left to be run by ruthless gangs . In the Pedrinhas prison in northern Brazil , the decapitation of inmates by a rival gang highlights "  the lawlessness " within Brazil 's correctional system . Prisons in the Philippines bear many similarities . However , the Philippine prison system is about to go through reformation following last year 's passing of the Modernization Act by the Philippine Congress . Plans include the building of a new super-max facility to replace New Bilibid Prison  NBP  to reduce congestion and eliminate gangs within the system . But is this the right path ? From over four years of ethnographic research we have conducted in NBP , we do n't think so . Gangs dominate prison NBP , on the outskirts of Manila , is one of the world 's largest maximum-security facilities . Recent statistics we have collected from the Bureau of Corrections , which administers NBP , has the inmate population to be now exceeding 14,200 . With space for only 5,500 , this makes the congestion rate around 260 per cent . Around 95 % of inmates belong to 12 gangs that share control of the prison . In these overcrowded conditions , corruption is endemic and contraband , such as drugs and high-calibre weapons , is readily available . Over the past three years , prison raids have uncovered automatic machine pistols and other lethal weapons held by gangs . Two M-16 hand grenades have also been thrown during gang disputes . We have observed how easy it is for inmates to acquire mobile phones . The telephones facilitate criminal activity on the outside to be freely run from the inside . From all this , one can easily conclude that , like Pedrinhas prison , NBP is dysfunctional . However , from participant observation studies and over 100 informal interviews with gang leaders , inmates and prison officials , we have developed an alternative perspective on prison gangs . Why gangs are important While there is no doubt that gangs are responsible for much of the criminality inside , we found that the gang system  or Pangkat  is not exclusively about crime . In fact , many inmates are kept busy with legitimate activities and "  do their time " productively . Since their inception in the late 1940s , NBP 's gangs have come to form a crucial part of inmate management and welfare . Much of the negative publicity about NBP only captures a small part of the reality inside . There are , in fact , many positive aspects of gang life in the seemingly chaotic conditions that are often overlooked yet crucial for inmate survival . When prisons become overcrowded and the inmate-to-staff ratio exceeds safe levels  that is , 4:1  , the essential task of maintaining order and ensuring the safety and welfare of inmates becomes complex and problematic . To carry out these critical tasks , prison administrators are forced to not only compromise organizational integrity , but also relinquish aspects of their management function to inmate leaders . In NBP , with an inmate to guard ratio of around 80:1 , it has become unofficial practice to operate under a system of shared governance . By default and not by design , gang leaders help maintain internal control and safeguard inmates as best they can . Even though prison stability is fragile , gang leaders help prison guards restore stability once disorder occurs . But prison gangs are not all about maintaining order . They also provide inmates with a network of social support , access to material benefits and a source of income . Without these , survival becomes difficult for many . ` Sense of community ' Gangs also develop their own rehabilitation and educational initiatives , which are separate to the more resource-constrained programs offered by prison administrators . In another important feature , gangs provide a substitute family for those who have lost contact with outside relatives . Fellow gang mates become brothers and the inmate leaders their fathers  or big brothers  . Inmates have told us that it is common for them to call their leaders as "  tatay "  father  or "  kuya "  older brother  , a Filipino cultural dynamic that orders the social standing of inmates . Additionally , inmates are sometimes called "  tatay " or "  kuya " ; a recognition of their respectability and an early indication of their leadership potential . A gang leader stated to us that , as a general rule , those who are industrious , cunning and can produce the most resources are usually elected leaders . Inmate leaders also help manage the prison cell blocks , which is akin to running a mini-city with its own micro-economy . Like a city , leaders are elected , generate income and manage resources to meet the needs of their constituents . They also respond to emergencies and diffuse conflicts . They take responsibility for offenders with special needs by controlling violent offenders , caring for the sick and disabled and even monitoring terrorist inmates . To ensure they remain in office , leaders also host sporting activities and entertainment programs like rock concerts and TV shows . To the casual observer , NBP may seem more like a self-sustaining community than a high-risk volatile correctional institution . The lanes that criss-cross the prison are crowded with inmates working , cooking or playing sport . On most days , inmates with families roam the grounds . It is also common to see children playing or looking at animals in the small zoo . It is evident that one of the most beneficial features of this set-up is the inmates ' sense of community . Even though one is inside a prison , the outside environment is being mirrored here . Evolution of prison life In modern sophisticated open prisons like those in Scandinavia , correctional officials have found that progression through a sentence should be aimed as much as possible at returning inmates to the community . They assert that "  the more closed a system is , the harder it will be to return to freedom . " Thousands of miles away , we can see that , left to evolve almost by accident , NBP has progressed towards a similar model . While NBP was originally built as a closed , American style high-security facility , over time , the walls have become porous , security has lapsed and deals have been made with inmate leaders to ensure prison order . Consequently , compromises have been made to allow more inmate autonomy . Even mobile telephones , formally considered contraband , are unofficially accepted by prison administration and considered important for rehabilitation as they keep inmates in contact with family . As in Scandinavian prisons , NBP administrators have come to realize that regular family communication helps "  sustain emotional ties , " as well as giving inmates outside avenues to vent and heal . Much of the existing knowledge on prison social systems is gained from settings where facilities are adequately provided , staff numbers are sufficient and properly trained and operational resources are allocated to ensure prisons run smoothly . In these settings , it is common practice to try to eliminate gangs due to their inherent problems . As such , the popular perception about prison gangs has generally been incomplete . Despite its many drawbacks , the gang system in NBP aids adjustment and survival by lessening the "  pains of imprisonment . " It also provides inmates with mechanisms to preserve self-identity and self-respect , which , in turn , equips them to re-integrate into the outside community upon release . Time will tell how the new reformation plans will impact on inmates . If they implement an American model of mass incarceration and eliminate gangs , without dedicating sufficient resources to replace the support structures they provide , prison reform in the Philippines is bound to fail . A better solution would be to continue with a more open prison model , formalize the social structure , target corruption , and , over time , reduce inmate dependency on illicit activities .	New Bilibid Prison in the Philippines has around 14,200 inmates , more than twice its capacity Gangs dominate prison culture , but their influence is not all bad , authors say Philippines is planning to build a new maximum security prison to reduce congestion Authors say modernization will fail if resources are n't allocated to replacing gang services
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Set beside the Imperial Valley in southeastern California , the Salton Sea area was supposed to be Hollywood 's answer to the Riviera back in the '50s . But its developers failed to anticipate the raw sewage that would run up the New River from Mexico and make survival impossible for many aquatic species . Rotting fish guts and toxic debris soon littered the shoreline . Construction projects were abandoned and yet another impotent vision of luxury tourism was left flaccid . Thanks again , trash ! See the rest of Toxic : Imperial Valley at VBS.TV Today the entire Imperial Valley is an apocalyptic dustbowl in the center of the California badlands . We set out to explore this fetid bouillabaisse . What we found were remnants of the Chocolate Mountain Aerial Gunnery Range , a half-million-acre plot that was once the practice site for various governmental bombardiers . It is the place of business for the residents of a nearby compound known as Slab City -- a mostly insane coterie of fun-hunting drifters , vets , addicts , artists and crazies who subsist on sauted snake , lukewarm Tecate , money earned from scrapping bombshell fragments and what 's left of their wits . It 's pretty much all that remains of the Wild West .	A vision of luxury in the 1950s , Southern California "  Riviera " is now a "  fetid bouillabaisse " Developers did n't foresee pollution that has killed millions of fish in the Salton Sea Squatters , toxic debris and "  apocalyptic " landscape are all that remain today
CNN  -- He 's won six medals in the Winter Olympics , including a gold in 2008 , and a bronze just a few months ago in Sochi . Bode Miller 's methods , however , have never been orthodox . "  I never really worked very goal-oriented , " he admits . "  I think I 've had some great results and I 've had a long career , so , I mean , I 'm happy about that . But I did n't really ever have goals , the way that most people did . " Miller has always intrigued media and fans alike . An unconventional upbringing in a New Hampshire log cabin with no electricity or running water gave way to a skiing career in which , for Miller , his natural talent and love of the sport always won out over , well , winning . Indeed , his goal , as stated in his book "  Bode : Go fast , Be Good , Have Fun " was to ski "  as fast as the natural universe would allow . " Back home after an emotional Olympics in Sochi , where Miller cried during a live interview with NBC 's Christin Cooper when asked about the recent death of his brother , Miller is focusing on another project : his Turtle Ridge Foundation . Miller began the foundation after close friend Cameron Shaw-Doran suffered a traumatic injury that left him paralyzed from the chest down . "  I was trying to help him get re-involved in sports . He was a great athlete before his injury and was really having a hard time sort of adapting , which is a really tough process when you 're injured like that , " says Miller . "  Just to watch him go through that I saw how hard it was and how little support there was for him . " The experience motivated Miller to find ways to help get disabled and injured athletes more involved in sports . "  We provide the sporting equipment for them and the environment that allows them to participate in whatever sport that is , " Miller explains . Shaw-Doran serves as director of equipment development for Turtle Ridge , and Miller has called on friends and associates from across the sporting world to create and adapt equipment to help adaptive skiers and adaptive athletes in other sports . A major annual event for Turtle Ridge is Bodefest , an all-day ski and barbecue extravaganza on Miller 's home turf of Cannon Mountain , New Hampshire , complete with autographs , an auction and a chance for children to race their idol . Watching Miller hurtle down the mountain , swarmed by a speeding army of tiny "  Bodephiles , " it 's a wonder and a testament to his skills that the whole thing does n't end in a giant human snowball . "  All the kids want to try and get on the lift with me for at least one run and there 's 400 kids or so . It turns into a bit of pandemonium on the way down , " Miller says . Not only is Bodefest a fundraiser , but it 's also an opportunity for adaptive athletes to try some of the new equipment on the late-season snow . "  The program 's really just changed my life , " says adaptive skier Owen Anketell , who has a condition that affects the muscles in his lower legs . "  I never thought that I 'd be able to ski even though I 'm in a wheelchair -- or bike -- but this program 's really changed my opinion on adaptive sports . " "  The key is empowering , " says Miller . "  When we build some of our ski equipment and you give it to a kid who never had the chance to go up and experience what it is to ski down a giant mountain and you watch how life-changing that can be for them , I think it 's really -- it 's pretty incredible . " The sentiment seems to fit with Miller 's general philosophy of focusing on how the sport makes you feel , rather than the end game , a feeling he believes everyone is entitled to , regardless of ability . It may not be competition , but it is a goal he can take into retirement -- and still win .	Bode Miller started the Turtle Ridge Foundation after a close friend was paralyzed Turtle Ridge helps disabled and injured athletes take part in sports Bodefest is their annual fundraiser , where kids get to race Miller
A student opening fire with a handgun he took from his parents . Screaming students running for cover . A teacher , trying to help , shot dead . Two students wounded . The terror lasted just a few brutal minutes . As authorities investigated , details were still trickling out hours after a deadly shooting Monday at a Nevada middle school . One official described the scene at Sparks Middle School with one word : chaos . Students described to CNN how they ran into the school screaming and crying when they realized the pops they heard were gunshots just before the morning bell welcomed them back from fall break . The shooter took a handgun from his parents , a federal law enforcement source who was briefed on the situation told CNN 's Evan Perez . The gunman eventually shot and killed himself with the semiautomatic gun , Sparks Deputy Chief Tom Miller said Monday evening at a news conference . Teachers train to face school shooter Authorities said the shooter 's motive was unclear . "  It 's too early to say whether he was targeting specific people or just going on an indiscriminate shooting spree , " said Tom Robinson , deputy chief of the Reno Police Department . Teacher loved his kids , brother says Mike Landsberry , a popular math teacher at the school , was killed in the shooting , Sparks Mayor Geno Martini told CNN . In addition to his work as a teacher , Landsberry also had served in the Marines and served several tours in Afghanistan as a member of the Nevada Air National Guard , his brother , Reggie , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  He was the kind of person that if someone needed help he would be there , " Reggie Landsberry said . "  He loved teaching . He loved the kids . He loved coaching them . ... He was just a good all-around individual . " Reggie Landsberry said his brother was probably trying to "  talk the kid down and protect whoever he could . That sounds like Mike . " One student told "  Pier Morgan Live " that she knew the student who shot Landsberry and wounded two 12-year-old schoolmates . "  He was really a nice kid , " Amaya Newton told CNN . "  He would make you smile when you were having bad day . " He even offered to buy other students something to cheer them up , Newton said . Newton said she thought the two students who were wounded were friends of the shooter . She and her mother , Tabatha , said they thought the shooter had been bullied in the past . Student Faith Robinson said she was standing to the side of one of the school buildings where she heard shots and saw Landsberry killed . She told CNN that she ran into the school and was separated from her friends . "  I start getting really worried and then I was trying to get a hold of my Mom , " she said . Terra Robinson was just a few minutes away when she got her daughter 's distressing call . By the time she got to the school there was a sea of flashing lights and panicked parents , she said . The superintendent of Washoe County Schools said there were many heroes . "  Including our children who , even though school had n't started , when the teachers came out , they listened to them and they went into their classrooms immediately , " Pedro Martinez said . Witness : Teacher tried to get student to put gun down Student Thomas Wing said he was walking out of the cafeteria after eating breakfast when he saw a gun . He told CNN affiliate KOLO that Landsberry was trying to get the student to put the weapon down . After a gunshot , Thomas started running back toward the cafeteria . He heard another shot . "  I was thinking , oh my gosh , am I going to get out of this ? Am I going to die ? " he told KOLO . "  My heart was pounding faster than I could run . " An emergency dispatch calls released by the Sparks police department indicate Landsberry was shot on the school playground . One wounded student was shot in the stomach , and the other injured student was shot in the shoulder , Washoe County School District Police Chief Mike Mieras said . The two 12-year-old boys were both in stable condition Monday night , Miller said . Does your child 's school have a security plan ? Authorities said that first responders were at the school just three minutes after the initial 911 calls . "  I think we were well-prepared . Everybody responded appropriately . I think our first responders did a heckuva job , but it 's a sad day for the city of Sparks , " Mayor Martini told CNN . Shooting began early Monday morning City officials said authorities received emergency calls from students and staff at the school about 7:15 a.m. about an active shooter on campus . Guns , guards and posses : Schools try new security strategies Authorities said students were taken to a nearby high school to meet their parents . School was canceled for the week at Sparks Middle School and for the day at nearby Agnes Risley Elementary , officials said . "  I was deeply saddened to learn of the horrific shooting at Sparks Middle School this morning , " Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval said in a statement . "  My administration is receiving regular updates and the Nevada Highway Patrol is assisting at the scene . Kathleen and I extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims and those affected by these tragic events . " The shooting is one of several this year at a U.S. middle or high school . Last week a student at a high school in Austin , Texas , killed himself in front of other students . In August , a student at a high school in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , shot and wounded another student in the neck . Another shooting occurred at an Atlanta middle school in January , the same month a California high school student wounded two people , one seriously . The Nevada shooting also comes almost a year after a gunman killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , igniting nationwide debate over gun violence and school safety . The mother of a student killed in December 's shooting in Newtown said Monday 's shooting was reminder of the need to find solutions to keep students safe . "  The unthinkable has happened yet again , this time in Sparks , Nevada , " Nicole Hockley said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families , and the children of Sparks Middle School , who today came face to face with violence that no child should ever experience . It 's moments like this that demand that we unite as parents to find common sense solutions that keep our children -- all children -- safe , and prevent these tragedies from happening again and again . " More from CNN affiliate KOLO In August : Woman hailed as true hero for handling Georgia school gunman Fast facts on school violence	Student says gunman shot teacher as he was asked to put weapon down There have been at least three other shootings at U.S. secondary schools and one suicide Brother says teacher who was killed was kind of man who tried to help those in need Two wounded students are in stable condition
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- A former Kaufman County , Texas , justice of the peace -- whose home , one day ago , was searched by authorities investigating the deaths of two Texas prosecutors -- is under arrest , law officers said Saturday . Eric Williams was arrested by sheriff 's office members in Kaufman County and charged with two counts of insufficient bond and one count of making a "  terroristic threat . " Authorities have not said if Williams ' arrest is related to the investigation into the deaths of Mark Hasse and Mike McLelland . Hasse , Kaufman County 's chief felony prosecutor , was shot and killed on January 31 . McLelland , the county 's district attorney , and his wife , Cynthia , were found dead March 30 at their Forney , Texas , home . Federal , state and local authorities looking into Hasse 's and the McLellands ' deaths executed a search warrant at Williams ' home on Friday afternoon , FBI spokeswoman Katherine Chaumont said . On Saturday , sheriff 's deputies , Texas Rangers and FBI agents went to a storage facility in Seagoville on a search warrant also tied to the prosecutors ' deaths , according to Chaumont . It was not immediately known if this new search has anything to do with Williams , who is being held on $ 3 million bond -- $ 1 million for each charge he faces -- according to the sheriff 's office . Williams has a history with law enforcement authorities , including the Kaufman County District Attorney 's office . Last year , he was sentenced to two years ' probation after a conviction for burglary and theft by a public servant . Hasse prosecuted Williams ' case . Hours after the McLellands ' bodies were found , authorities met with Williams at a local Denny 's restaurant , Williams ' attorney , David Sergi , told CNN earlier this month . Investigators took swab samples from Williams ' hands to test him for gun residue , according to the lawyer . Results were not made public by officials , but Sergi said the tests came back negative . Sergi did not respond to CNN 's attempts Saturday seeking comment about the latest arrest . On Friday , Sergi released a statement saying that Williams "  has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations . He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice . " Williams told North Texas TV station KXAS earlier this month that he understands why authorities wanted to meet with him . "  If I was in their shoes , I would want to talk to me , " he said . "  In the investigators ' minds , they want to check with me to do their process of elimination . " Williams said he has no ill will toward prosecutors -- he said he believes they were "  doing their jobs " -- and has cooperated with law enforcement . "  I certainly wish them the best in bringing justice to this incredibly egregious act , " he said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities probing the prosecutors ' deaths search a storage facility , the FBI says 2 Kaufman County , Texas , prosecutors were killed in incidents earlier this year An ex-county justice of the peace 's home was searched in connection with the case He is held on $ 3 million bond , but it 's not known if his arrest is tied to the prosecutors ' deaths
CNN  -- Threats from al Qaeda operatives in Yemen increased in recent weeks and were a reason Yemen and the United States partnered in drone strikes and counterterrorism operations over the last several days , U.S. officials told CNN . "  There is an increased threat stream , " said one senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . CNN has learned the United States believes there is intelligence potentially indicating specific targets in Yemen , including the U.S. Embassy there . Other possible targets include Westerners , as kidnap victims , and Yemeni government and military installations . Although several officials stressed the U.S. Embassy in Yemen is a constant target for terrorists , one U.S. source familiar with the latest information said at least one threat against the embassy was disrupted recently . A separate U.S. official was not aware of a recent specific threat on that embassy . The rise in threats from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- known as AQAP -- continues , the sources said . The uptick is of particular interest to U.S. officials because it comes after a significant effort last year to disrupt a direct threat to the U.S. Embassy in Yemen , as well as other U.S. embassies , which led to several of them being closed around the world . Since the 2013 disruption and subsequent leaks to the news media about how AQAP communicates , the group has significantly cut back on its electronic communications , making it extremely difficult for authorities to track it , a separate U.S. official said . "  We have much less vision about what they are doing . We 're not totally blind , but we are not 20/20 . We 're not even anywhere near 20/20 , " said the official . Sources emphasized the recent counterterrorism operation had been planned for weeks and was part of a broader effort to disrupt AQAP . At least 65 suspected terrorists were killed in assaults from both the ground and sky in southern Yemen this week . Many suspected al Qaeda militants , who survived the strikes in Abyan province , are fleeing toward Azzan in the south central part of the country , a town that could fall under the control of al Qaeda , according to a senior Yemeni government official . There is a lack of government and army presence in that area , that official said . The two military brigades currently in southern Shabwa province , which includes Azzan , "  ca n't try to follow those militants on the move and are preoccupied with securing the  liquefied natural gas  facilities , " the official said . The official added that Yemeni authorities are on high alert and expecting "  imminent retaliatory attacks " from AQAP . CNN 's Elise Labott and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	"  There is an increased threat stream , " says one senior U.S. official At least 65 suspected al Qaeda members were killed in a Yemeni-U.S. joint operation Yemeni authorities are on high alert , expecting "  imminent retaliatory attacks , " an official says
CNN  -- Twice each day , 12-year-old Charlie Bothuell V says in court documents , he was forced to do 100 push-ups , 200 sit-ups and 100 jumping jacks . He told child welfare investigators in Michigan that he 'd have to curl a 25-pound weight on each arm and do 5,000 revolutions on an exercise machine , and if he did n't finish in less than an hour , he 'd have to do the routine again , according a petition filed in Wayne County court in Michigan this week . The Detroit boy said that he feared being "  in trouble again " for not completing his work-out routine . Sometimes he could n't finish because he was in too much pain , he said . Charlie made national news in June when his father Charlie Bothuell IV said his son went missing for 11 days , prompting a search that involved the FBI and that ended bizarrely when the child turned up barricaded in the father 's basement . The father was talking live on air with HLN 's Nancy Grace when he learned that state police had discovered his son , appearing shocked when Grace told him that she 'd just received breaking news about it . On her show , the elder Bothuell became visibly upset . He started breathing hard and clutching at his chest , and told Grace that he had no idea how his son could have been in the basement . "  I checked my basement . The FBI checked my basement . The police checked my basement , " he said on air . "  My wife checked my basement . I 've been down there several times . We 've all been checking . " Bothuell added that his home has been searched repeatedly by law enforcement trying to find his son . Police and the FBI also have said they searched several times and did n't see the boy and now indicate he might have moved during the 11 days -- they wo n't say yet specifically what their investigation revealed . ` Never seen anything quite like this ' At the time , Detroit Police Chief James Craig reacted to the discovery of the boy with his own disbelief . "  I 've never seen anything quite like this , " Craig told CNN affiliate WXYZ-TV . "  We found him barricaded in the basement , behind boxes and a large ... drum . There 's no way he could have erected this makeshift area of concealment . " This week , Detroit Police Sgt. Michael Woody reiterated how surprised police were that the boy turned up in the basement . He told CNN , "  It 's possible " that investigators "  did n't see " the boy while they searched the home from attic to basement . The department is reviewing its procedures , he added . A petition , signed Monday , and filed in Wayne County juvenile court describes allegations of abuse that the boy says he endured from his father and stepmother , Monique Arnel Dillard-Bothuell . Neither have been charged ; in fact , no one has been charged with anything in the case . Blood found on PVC pipe Wayne County child protective services opened an investigation of the family June 23 as FBI agents were looking into the boy 's disappearance . Petitions seeking state custody of Charlie and his younger siblings were filed this week . They say that on June 23 , the father "  disclosed physically disciplining Charlie V with a PVC pipe . An FBI search of the home produced the PVC pipe with which Charlie V was disciplined . It was disclosed that blood was found on the pipe . " On June 25 , the documents say , the boy was found in the basement of the Bothuell home . He was taken to a hospital and a doctor examined him , finding a "  half circular scar " on the 12-year-old 's chest . The boy said that scar was a "  result of his father driving a PVC pipe into his chest . " The child was "  also observed to have old scars on his buttocks from being hit with the pipe , " the document states . Boy says he heard authorities searching Representatives from the state 's protective services agency witnessed two forensic interviews of the boy , according to the petitions , including an FBI interview on July 1 . Charlie V made numerous allegations , saying that he was disciplined with a PVC pipe to the point that he was too sore to walk or sit and that he 'd been punched by his stepmother who , he said , told him , "  I can make you disappear . " The boy said that the stepmother accused him of lying about whether he 'd finished his workout , and put him in the basement on June 14 . The boy told interviewers that he showered and put on his pajamas for the evening before entering the kitchen where his stepmother was "  very upset regarding the workout , " the petition states . "  Charlie V reported Mrs. Dillard-Bothuell 's voice was angry . Charlie V felt as if he did not have a choice , so he did as he was told , " it continues . "  Charlie V followed Mrs. Dillard-Bothuell to the basement . She then led Charlie V to the back of the basement " and gestured to an area along a wall . The boy said that she told him , "  There , back there , go ! " The petition states the boy said he climbed over a drum and that she added boxes to conceal him , and then went upstairs , called his father and said that the boy was missing , that she 'd looked "  everywhere " for him . Police said it was a 55-gallon drum , clarifying the petition 's description as a "  5-gallon " drum . When the stepmother came down to the basement , the petition says , she would approach the area where the boy was and say , "  Shut up , stay quiet and do n't say anything no matter what you hear ! " "  Charlie V reported Mrs. Dillard-Bothuell never brought him food , or anything to drink the entire time he was in the basement , " the petition states . When the house fell silent , he would run upstairs to grab food . The boy told interviewers that he heard authorities come to the house while he was in the basement . The Wayne County prosecutor 's office will decide whether criminal charges will be filed but had no public statement Thursday . A hearing was held in the case Thursday but state authorities would not discuss it , citing their regulations in cases involving children . Developments included a psychological evaluation being ordered for the 12-year-old to determine whether his father can have visitation rights , and discussions of petitions on termination of parental rights . Meanwhile , police told CNN that they have no reasons to disbelieve Charlie 's claims . Police Sgt. Woody added that full results of the investigation have yet to be released . Efforts to reach Mark Magidson , an attorney for the boy 's father and stepmother , were not immediately successful Thursday afternoon . And police were not commenting on the boy 's whereabouts beyond telling CNN that he is living with a relative for the time being . Another hearing is scheduled for July 17 . Michigan investigators talk with boy about basement ordeal Parents locked Georgia boy in basement for ` disciplinary reasons ' Car bakes in sun for investigation into toddler 's death	Authorities searched for 12-year-old Charlie Bothuell V for 11 days His father had reported him missing He was found barricaded in his father 's basement In court papers , the boy tells of forced twice-a-day exercise that included 100 push-ups
ISTANBUL , Turkey -- Nearly two months ago , President Obama embarked on a two-day , two-city charm offensive in Turkey , a predominantly Muslim country and NATO military ally whose people give the United States abysmal approval ratings . President Obama listens at a town hall-style meeting in Istanbul , Turkey , in April . The American president toured a mosque , laid a wreath at the grave of the founder of the Turkish republic , and announced before the Turkish parliament that "  the United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Did Obama 's new brand of diplomacy work ? Could 48 hours of handshakes , speeches and smiles turn around Turkish public opinion ? After all , in 2007 , only 9 percent of Turks polled by the Pew Research Center held favorable views of America , the lowest level among 47 countries surveyed . If 24-year old Ece Basaran is any indicator , Obama succeeded beyond expectations . After attending a town hall-style meeting with the American president during his visit to Istanbul last April , Basaran and a group of her friends started up a Turkish-American friendship club at her university . "  I get positive feedback because everybody around me likes Obama , " Basaran said , while taking a break from preparing for final exams at Istanbul 's Bahcesehir University this week . Basaran said that as recently as last year , the United States was unpopular among fellow students and friends , but added that "  after Obama , it seems popular . At least the negative image began to fade away . " Officials and commentators in both Turkey and the United States are also calling Obama 's first presidential visit to a Muslim country a positive step . "  At the moment , he 's doing the right thing , " said Suat Kiniklioglu , a member of the Turkish parliament . "  His first task was to remedy the situation of America wielding a big stick for the last eight years . " "  President Obama 's visit and recent policy initiatives have managed to dispel some of the pervasive suspicion in U.S.-Turkish relations -- no small achievement , " said Ian Lesser of the German Marshall Fund , testifying before the House Foreign Affairs Committee last month . But , he added , "  much remains to be done . " There are strong indications that words alone will not be enough to transform years of deep suspicion many Turks feel towards the United States , particularly after the long , widely unpopular war in neighboring Iraq . According to a recent poll published by academics at Bahcesehir University , 43 percent of Turks said they would not like to live next door to American neighbors . In a phone interview this week , Osman Solmaz , another of the Turkish students chosen to attend the town hall meeting with Obama , said that in his hometown , the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir , "  the majority of the people have prejudice against the United States . " "  Nobody agrees with America 's foreign policy , " said Sertac Yakin , a university student from Ankara who also attended the Istanbul meeting in April . "  To change public opinion in Turkey is a long-term affair , " argued Kemal Koprulu , the founder of Ari Movement , an Istanbul-based nongovernmental organization that focuses on promoting youth participation in civil society . "  There is no way that the election of a president and several nice statements from a State Department spokesman will change dramatically the public opinion in Turkey . " Koprulu argued that his organization has documented alarmingly high levels of anti-Americanism and anti-Westernism among young Turks . He pointed out that at a recent academic conference at one of Turkey 's most progressive universities in Istanbul , he witnessed audience members give a five-minute standing ovation to a Turkish speaker who "  slammed America " in front of a panel of visiting U.S. officials . The White House does appear to have made some progress in patching up damaged relations with the powerful Turkish military . Top Turkish army generals did not attend an important bilateral conference in the United States last year , following American criticism of Turkey 's cross-border military offensive against Kurdish PKK rebels in Northern Iraq . This year , the Turkish military chief of staff was among the key speakers attending the conference . But Gen. Ilker Basbug reportedly told the audience of dignitaries in Washington this week that the ongoing presence of PKK rebels in Northern Iraq continues to have a negative impact on Turkish-U.S. relations . Many Turks say they are still waiting to see to whether the Obama White House 's change in tone will translate to a change in the U.S. government 's deeply unpopular foreign policy in the Middle East . They highlighted America 's strong support for Israel over the Palestinians , and the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I believe -LSB- Obama -RSB- understands the importance of the Islamic world , " said Abdurrahman Dilipak , a columnist at Vakit , Turkey 's most conservative newspaper . "  We will monitor his stance . He makes promises yet we have to see how he will act . Muslims are still treated as terrorists when they arrive in the U.S. " That wait-and-see attitude was even reflected by Basaran , the enthusiastically pro-American student who helped found a Turkish-American friendship club at her university . "  Because Obama has the -LSB- Muslim -RSB- name Hussein , people really love it , " Basaran said . "  I think he 's the most favorite U.S. president among Muslim people . But we 'll see . " Yesim Borg in Istanbul contributed to this report .	Poll says only 9 percent of Turks had positive view of U.S. in 2007 Iraq war , foreign policy of Bush administration among the reasons , Ivan Watson says President Obama tried to change those sentiments during April trip to Turkey Some Turks say Obama 's won them over ; others wait and see , Watson reports
CNN  -- Teena Marie , a celebrated R&B singer-songwriter , was found dead Sunday at her California home , her manager said . Born Mary Christine Brockert in Santa Monica , California , the 54-year-old artist famously paired with late funk legend Rick James and was nominated four times for a Grammy Award , according to her official website . Marie was found dead by her daughter after apparently dying in her sleep , manager Mike Gardner said . "  Teena was a black voice trapped in a white body , " said Cathy Hughes , founder of Radio One , a broadcasting company that targets African-American and urban listeners . "  I would always tell her that she was one of the greatest vocalists of our time . " Among her songs were "  Lovergirl , " "  Portuguese Love , " "  Ooo La La La , " and "  I 'm a Sucker for Your Love . " While no cause of death has been released , the singer 's publicist Lynn Jeter said that Marie suffered a grand mal seizure -- a neurological event , marked by loss of consciousness and violent muscle contractions , according to the Mayo Clinic -- a month ago . "  Luckily , someone was there , " Jeter said of that seizure . "  The ambulance took her to the hospital , and on the way she had another seizure . " The publicist said that she had a "  great " conversation on Saturday with Marie , who told her that she was excited about heading to Atlanta to perform this week -- in what would have been her first performance since the seizure . Marie sang under various record labels , including Motown , Epic , Stax Records and Cash Money Classics , since bursting on the scene as a 19-year-old , according to her website . Her last studio album , Congo Square , featured several collaborations . "  I am horrified by the sudden death of my darling Teena Marie , " Motown founder Berry Gordy said in a statement sent by his publicist . "  She was my ` baby , ' always true to herself , always true to her heart . " Berry called her a "  powerhouse performer , writer , producer and arranger . " "  When I first auditioned her she was so awesome she blew me away , " Gordy said . "  She had so much soul -- the only thing white about her was her skin . " "  The enduring influence of Teena 's inspirational , trailblazing career , could only have been made possible through her brilliant song-writing , showmanship and high energy passion which laid the ground work for the future generations of R&B , hip-hop , and soul , " said Gene Rumsey , chief label officer with Concord Music Group . "  We feel extremely fortunate to have worked with a visionary who changed music in indelible ways . " Eddie Levert , founder of the vocal group The O'Jays , praised Marie as both a singer and mother . "  There are a lot of black people who swore by her and believed in her , as far as her music was concerned , " he said . "  She was a good mom , and to me , that is saying a lot . " CNN 's Roland S. Martin and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	"  She was one of the greatest vocalists of our time , " says the founder of Radio One Teena Marie , born Mary Brockert , was found dead Sunday in her home She had a three-decade career in music , and was nominated four times for a Grammy She had worked with late funk legend Rick James , Smokey Robinson and others
CNN  -- When a band spends as much time as the Gym Class Heroes has gaining momentum on the indie scene only to suddenly take off , there is always concern of selling out . Yet the group has defied expectations by topping the mainstream charts while still holding on to its independent cred . The Gym Class Heroes self-released their first album in 2001 , and with 11 years and five albums now under their belt , they show no signs of slowing down . The band 's latest , "  The Papercut Chronicles II , " hit shelves last November and has produced three hit singles . "  Stereo Hearts , " a collaboration with Maroon 5 singer Adam Levine , became one of the biggest songs of 2011 , and it was even covered by the kids of McKinley High in the hit Fox series , "  Glee . " The followup cut featuring UK singer Neon Hitch , "  Get Yourself Back Home , " became the band 's third Top 15 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 . "  The Fighter " is the Heroes ' latest single , and it finds them working with hit songwriter and One Republic singer Ryan Tedder . The inspiring track got a number of plays during NBC 's coverage of the summer Olympic Games , and the video follows Olympic gymnast John Orozco as he trained for the London events . Frontman Travie McCoy is quick to point out that all of their collaborations are more than name-dropping afterthoughts . "  The collaborations that we do are with artists that we feel fit on the song or can add something special to that particular song , " he said . "  It 's never , ever been for namesake . The fact that we can even ... -LSB- that -RSB- we have the chance to reach out to artists that we look up to is amazing . " McCoy believes his band has fought hard to get this far , and they 've learned never let anything get in their way of putting on a good show . "  I think coming up the way we did , playing shows in front of crowds that were n't necessarily there to see us ... we made sure that the 35 to 40 minutes that we had of their time , that they had a good time , " he said . The Gym Class Heroes broke through to the mainstream with the catchy 2007 hit "  Cupid 's Chokehold " from their third album , "  The Papercut Chronicles . " McCoy revealed how their latest became that record 's sequel . "  I feel like the new record chronicles from the time we put that album out until now , like having hit records , working with artists that we look up to , touring the world , becoming fathers , getting married . " McCoy is aware of criticism the band may receive from fans they 've had since their debut , but he does n't let that stand in the way of moving onward and upward . "  We dealt with a lot of negativity and negative feedback from fans because we did shows with anyone who would let us be with them . We took it all in stride and stayed doing what we do ... I ca n't see myself giving this up anytime soon . "	Gym Class Heroes has gone mainstream while keeping an indie cred Eleven years and five albums since their debut , the Heroes are n't slowing down They worked with Ryan Tedder on "  The Fighter , " their latest single Frontman Travie McCoy : I ca n't see myself giving this up anytime soon
CNN  -- A woman put on trial for wearing clothing deemed indecent by Sudanese authorities was jailed Monday for refusing to pay a court-ordered fine , her lawyer said . Sudanese journalist Lubna Ahmed al-Hussein was facing 40 lashes for wearing trousers . Lubna al-Hussein had faced 40 lashes for wearing pants deemed too tight and a blouse considered too sheer . The threat of lashes was dropped when a court found her guilty but ordered instead that she pay a fine . "  She is now in jail , " her attorney Nabil Adib told CNN . "  She refused to pay the fine as a matter of principal . " Al-Hussein will appeal her verdict in an effort to have the conservative Muslim government 's decency law declared unconstitutional , Adib said by phone from Khartoum . Watch what outfit brought the charges " "  We intend to file an appeal within the next three days , but we do not know how long it will take the court of appeals to decide on the case , " Adib said . "  We expect it will happen in the next two to three weeks . " He said al-Hussein could be in jail for a month unless her verdict is overturned . Al-Hussein , who was arrested in July , pleaded not guilty during her one-day trial Monday , he said . She was not allowed to call defense witnesses or present a defense case , he added . She was sentenced to pay 500 Sudanese pounds  $ 209  or face a month in prison , starting immediately , the lawyer said . "  She thinks that she did not have fair trial and a conviction was wrong so she did not want to pay the fine nor let anyone else pay on her behalf , " Nadib said . Al-Hussein , a journalist who worked in the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan , resigned from her U.N. position in order to waive her immunity as an international worker and face trial . Police lobbed tear gas at people outside the courthouse Monday , and closed roads leading to the courthouse before the trial began , al-Hussein told CNN before the hearing . Sudanese security forces roughly handled scores of al-Hussein supporters , injuring some and detaining 47 women , according to an eyewitness who spoke to CNN by phone . A Sudanese official accused "  the West " of interfering in the case . Mohammed Khair , the information attach at the Sudan Consulate in Dubai , said the international campaign surrounding the case "  proves the West contributes only toward deepening  the  crisis . " The human rights organization Amnesty International had previously called for the charges to be dropped . "  The manner in which this law has been used against women is unacceptable , and the penalty called for by the law -- up to 40 lashes -- abhorrent , " Tawanda Hondora , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Africa program , said in a statement . Al-Hussein was arrested along with 18 other women on July 3 at a Khartoum restaurant when police burst in and checked women for their clothing . "  I do n't think she was targeted specifically , " Adib said . "  They attack public and private parties and groups . They are called ` morality police ' and she was just a victim of a round-up . " Put your questions to Dutch activist Ayaan Hirsi Ali here At the time of her arrest , she said , she was wearing pants , a blouse and a hijab , or a headscarf worn by Muslim women . Scores of protesters gathered outside the courtroom in Khartoum to support al-Hussein in early August , when she was last scheduled to be tried . The demonstrators carried banners and wore headbands with the messages , "  No return to the dark ages " and "  No to suppressing women . " Others demanded an amendment to the country 's public order law that human rights activists say is vague on what constitutes indecent dress . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has said he is concerned about al-Hussein 's case . "  The United Nations will make every effort to ensure that the rights of its staff members are protected , " Ban said in July . "  The flogging is against the international human rights standards . I call on all parties to live up to their obligations under all relevant international instruments . " In addition to the group of lawyers defending her , al-Hussein was also represented by two Egyptian defense attorneys , she said . CNN 's Raja Razek and Elham Nakhlawi contributed to this report .	Woman tried for wearing clothing deemed indecent jailed for refusing to pay fine Sudanese court spared female journalist lashing for wearing tight trousers She faced up to 40 lashes for wearing pants considered too tight Resigned U.N. position to avoid immunity afforded international workers
CNN  -- Chilean authorities will launch an investigation into the 1973 death of writer Pablo Neruda , a judge ruled Thursday . Judge Mario Carroza ordered the investigation Thursday , noting that police , witness and medical records would be examined , Chile 's judicial authority said in a statement . The Nobel Prize-winning poet 's death certificate says he died of prostate cancer , CNN Chile reported . But officials with the country 's Communist Party asked officials this week to probe his death . Neruda died on September 23 , 1973 , just 12 days after a right-wing military coup that overthrew the South American country 's government . "  We are not accusing anybody , a priori . What we want is that the courts to fully clarify the situation , " Communist Party President Guillermo Teillier told reporters Tuesday . But human rights lawyer Eduardo Contreras said that the circumstances surrounding Neruda 's death reported in local media differed from descriptions on his death certificate . "  Without a doubt , Neruda in exile would have been something very difficult for the dictatorship , " he told reporters . A biography of the poet on the website of the Neruda Foundation , which Neruda 's widow founded to promote and preserve his legacy , notes the coup as a significant date in his life . "  The majority of Neruda 's friends were made prisoners or had to hide or seek political asylum in other countries , " it says . Neruda , a member of Chile 's Communist Party , was also a lawmaker in the South American country and served as its ambassador to France . But internationally , he is most well-known for his poetry . Neruda received the Nobel Prize in Literature 1971 "  for a poetry that with the action of an elemental force brings alive a continent 's destiny and dreams . " The investigation into his death comes as Chilean authorities probe the death of another high-profile figure in the nation 's history : former Chilean President Salvador Allende . Last week forensic experts exhumed Allende 's remains as part of an investigation into whether he killed himself or was assassinated during the 1973 coup . Official accounts ruled the leftist leader 's death a suicide , saying that he shot himself -- with a gun that was reportedly a gift from Fidel Castro -- as Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's troops closed in on the presidential palace . But some of Allende 's supporters have long doubted that account . Carroza ordered the exhumation in April as part of a massive investigation of 726 reported human rights violations during Pinochet 's rule , CNN Chile reported . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : "  Neruda in exile would have been ... difficult for the dictatorship " CNN Chile : Pablo Neruda 's death certificate says he died of prostate cancer A judge rules that police , witness and medical records will be examined The judge 's order comes after investigators exhumed a former Chilean president last week
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The number of homicides in New York City rose about four percent in 2008 compared with the previous year , preliminary figures from the city 's police department showed . There were 516 homicides in New York City in 2008 , according to preliminary police figures . The NYPD 's CompStat data showed 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 . That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when 2,262 homicides earned New York the title of "  murder capital " of the nation . Though the figures are subject to change , the 2008 tally also represents a drop from the 596 homicides investigated in New York in 2006 . The NYPD , which began compiling the report in 1963 , cited its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement in recent years . The operation places more uniformed officers in concentrated areas where crime rates are high , the NYPD said .	There were 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when there were 2,262 homicides The NYPD cites its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement The operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are high
Washington  CNN  -- Seven states on Thursday filed a lawsuit against the federal government requirement that religious employers offer health insurance coverage that includes contraceptives and other birth control services . The issue has become a political flashpoint in a presidential election year , and the lawsuit by attorneys general from Nebraska , Michigan , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Florida and Texas was certain to keep it prominent . Private plaintiffs joining the seven states included Pius X Catholic High School , Catholic Social Services , Catholic Mutual Relief Society of America and private citizens Stacy Molai and Sister Mary Catherine . The 25-page lawsuit named the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ; the U.S. Department of the Treasury and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ; and the U.S. Department of Labor and Labor Secretary Hilda Solis as defendants . It alleges a violation of the First Amendment and of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , saying that the requirement for employees at church-affiliated institutions such as hospitals to receive health coverage for contraceptives and other birth control services contravened constitutionally protected religious freedom . "  Government has no business forcing religious institutions and individuals to violate their sincerely held beliefs , " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a statement Thursday . "  This lawsuit is about protecting religious liberty and the rights of conscience , our most basic freedoms as Americans . " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said the government rule under the health care reform law passed in 2010 "  compels people of faith to act contrary to their convictions . " "  The very first amendment to our Constitution was intended to protect against this sort of government intrusion into our religious convictions , " Abbott said . Abbott and Bondi are Republicans . Officials from the White House and the Department of Justice had no comment on the pending litigation . However , it is not the first court challenge to the Obama administration 's new mandate on contraceptive coverage . The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty has filed a series of lawsuits , arguing that even the revised polices on contraception access would constitute a violation of their clients ' faith . Last week , the Justice Department urged judges to stay out of the controversy until a compromise can be worked out . At issue is whether religious institutions should be exempt from mandated employee coverage for birth control and other reproductive care . The administration announced a proposed compromise in the dispute earlier this month . Under its new plan , religiously affiliated universities and hospitals would not be forced to offer contraception coverage to their employees . Insurers will be required , however , to offer complete coverage for free to women who work at such institutions . In announcing the proposed compromise , Obama said "  no woman 's health should depend on who she is or where she works or how much money she makes . " He added that "  the principle of religious liberty " was also at stake , and "  as a citizen and as a Christian , I cherish this right . " Female employees at churches themselves will have no guarantee of any contraception coverage -- a continuation of current law . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops denounced Obama 's compromise soon after the president 's announcement , saying the proposal raises "  serious moral concerns , " according to a statement posted on its website . Half of all Americans polled say they oppose the Obama administration 's new policy , according to a CNN/ORC International survey . The final version of the contraception requirement goes into effect next January . The administration said that under a safe harbor provision , no group can be forced to provide birth control at least until year 's end . CNN 's Bill Mears , Susan Candiotti and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Religious freedom is the underlying issue , Texas attorney general says The issue has become a political flashpoint in a presidential election year The lawsuit accuses the government of violating the First Amendment The Obama administration adjusted its policy in an attempt at compromise
London  CNN  -- It was the art discovery that stunned the world : more than 1,400 works of art , many of them masterpieces , hidden away for over 70 years , unearthed not in a high-security vault or long-forgotten museum basement , but an anonymous apartment in an upscale German neighborhood . A vast stash of paintings by the likes of Picasso , Matisse and Chagall , some previously unknown , others that had been presumed lost forever . Their worth is thought to be upwards of $ 1 billion . The cache was uncovered by German tax authorities who raided the property in the Munich district of Schwabing in February 2012 as part of an investigation into allegations of tax evasion , but its existence remained a closely-guarded secret until this week . As details of the paintings -- and claims they may have been looted by the Nazis -- begin to emerge , one mystery remains : just who is the man behind this remarkable collection ? The apartment where the haul was hidden belongs to an 80-year-old art lover named Cornelius Gurlitt ; he has long since vanished , leaving relatives and neighbors -- as stunned as everyone else by the contents of his outwardly modest home -- to piece together his story . They paint a picture of a solitary and enigmatic man , whose only love was art . "  For me he was a ` lonesome cowboy , ' " says his cousin Ekkeheart , who last saw Gurlitt more than 30 years ago , and now lives in Spain . "  He had no friends . He was very strange . The only thing I think that was interesting for him was his paintings . " Ekkeheart remembers Gurlitt as "  a very elegant man , " always impeccably turned out , carrying an ivory-topped cane , but always with an air of mystery about him . "  He never let us in to his flat -- nobody , " he told CNN . "  When we met him we always met at some fancy place ... never in his flat . I wondered ... why ca n't we stay there , but ` no , no , it 's not possible . ' Read more : Unknown Matisse , Chagall artworks in ` Nazi-looted ' haul "  So of course you think , ` he never lets us in , perhaps he has some secrets ... ' If you 're a mystery man people think all kinds of mystery things about you . " He says the family knew that Gurlitt worked as an art restorer , but insists they had no idea about the treasure trove of paintings he had squirreled away . "  We knew he was restoring paintings , but we thought maybe he had 100 or so ... paintings going in and out , so people did n't wonder , but nobody knew -- not even us -- that he had 1,400-and-something pictures in his flat , in 90 square metres , imagine ! Nobody had seen it because he did n't let anybody in . " According to land registry checks carried out by Paladin Associates and seen by CNN , the Munich apartment is n't the only property owned by Gurlitt ; he and his sister Benita also own another home in a smart suburb of Salzburg , Austria . Art-obsessed recluse No one answered the door when CNN paid a visit to the house this week , but a neighbor said he has n't seen Gurlitt for several years . He remembers a reclusive man , apparently obsessed with art . "  He never greeted anyone and would just drive by , keeping to himself , " the neighbor told CNN . "  He always seemed grumpy and would never really be out in public ... He would always quickly retreat into his house and never really had any visitors . " While Gurlitt appears to have lived a largely secret life for decades , his father Hildebrand , who is thought to have amassed the huge collection of paintings , was well known in the German art world of the 1930s and 1940s . According to statements Hildebrand Gurlitt gave to the Allies in June 1945 , he had been employed to buy art for the Nazis . Previously , he 'd lost two jobs -- first as director of the city art gallery in Zwickau , eastern Germany , and then as head of Hamburg 's Art Association -- because of his partially Jewish heritage . Documents published on lootedart.com , the website of the Central Registry of Information on Looted Cultural Property 1933-1945 , reveal that the allied forces confiscated more than 100 artworks from Hildebrand in the aftermath of the Second World War . Read more : Art looted by Nazis ` found in German apartment ' The pieces -- including works by Henri Matisse , Pablo Picasso , Gustave Courbet , Jean-Honore Fragonard and Edgar Degas -- were later returned after Hildebrand strongly denied holding Nazi beliefs and insisted the paintings and other art objects were the legal property of his family . In a checklist which forms part of his statement to the Allies , Hildebrand reports owning a Picasso painting "  bought from the artist " in Paris in 1942 for 60,000 francs , while a work by Chagall was said to be an "  old possession of my sister . " The 1945 inventory and other lists compiled by Hildebrand when applying to reclaim his collection also include several pieces by artists condemned as "  degenerate " by the Nazis : Otto Dix , Emil Nolde , Max Beckmann and George Grosz . In statements backing his calls for the return of the works , several people wrote of Gurlitt 's interest in art forbidden under the Nazi regime . In a letter dated March 1946 , Friedrich Schreiber-Weigand , director of the city art collection of Chemnitz , in eastern Germany , reported that Gurlitt "  took the side of the condemned ` Degenerate Art ' and saved many a masterpiece of this kind by bringing it into private ownership . " Hildebrand finally secured the return of his artworks in 1950-51 . He died a few years later in 1956 , leaving them -- together with hundreds of other pieces -- in his son 's hands . Their origin is unclear . Cornelius Gurlitt appears to have guarded the collection ferociously , keeping it out of sight for decades . "  He could have sold them to a rich man , or made a foundation , or sold them to a museum , " says his cousin Ekkeheart . "  He had Picasso , Otto Dix , Marc Chagall , everything . He could have sold -LSB- them -RSB- if he was interested to make money ... " -LSB- Instead -RSB- He 's said I am the one that has something unique that nobody has . Not you and not you , and I 'm not prepared to show these treasures , all my treasures , all my babies . I do n't want to show it to anybody . " Read more : Unknown Matisse , Chagall artworks in Nazi-looted haul Read more : Art looted by Nazis ` found in German apartment ' Read more : Art labelled ` degenerate ' back on display in Germany CNN 's Dan Morgan , Erin McLaughlin and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	More than 1,400 masterpieces , hidden away for over 70 years , found in Germany Collection includes works by Picasso , Matisse , Chagall , as well as so-called ` degenerate art ' Mystery surrounds the keeper of the paintings , 80-year-old Cornelius Gurlitt Gurlitt 's father admitted working for the Nazis as an art dealer
CNN  -- Didier Drogba came off the bench to rescue a point for Ivory Coast as they drew 1-1 with Malawi on Saturday to book their place at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Didier Drogba scored for Ivory Coast as they drew 1-1 with Malawi to book their place at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Ivory Coast needed only a point from their match with the bottom-placed team in African qualifying Group E but found themselves a goal down in the 64th minute when Jacob Ngwira put the hosts ahead at the Kamuzu Stadium in Blantyre . Elephants coach Vahid Halilhodzic responded by throwing on Chelsea striker Drogba who was able to level the scores in the 67th minute . Malawi pushed for a winner as the second half wore on but were unable to add to the score and Ivory Coast secured the point they required for qualification . The result brought Ivory Coast 's 100 percent run in the group to an end but ensured they will feature in the World Cup Finals for a second time following their debut appearance in 2006 . Malawi also improved their chances of qualifying for the African Cup of Nations by moving third with four points , just behind Burkina Faso who have six and Guinea who are now last with three points . Elsewhere in the African qualifying zone Egypt recorded a 1-0 win over Zambia in their Group C clash in Konkola to potentially set up a deciding match with Algeria in Cairo next month . Egypt were on the back foot in the first half and were indebted to goalkeeper Essam El-Hadary who frustrated the Zambia fans with several fine saves as the visitors struggled to get to grips with the pitch at the Konkola Stadium . But the Pharaohs were a much-improved side after the half-time break and Hosny Abd-Rabou secured all three points with the only goal of the game in the 68th minute . Egypt defender Sayed Moawad laid off the ball for Abd-Rabou to fire a powerful right-footed shot past Zambia goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene and into the top corner of the net . The result means qualification will go right down to the wire even if Algeria take maximum points from their clash with bottom side Rwanda on Sunday and go three points clear of Egypt at the top of the group . Cameroon moved a step closer to qualification as they remained top of Group A with an emphatic 3-0 victory over Togo in Yaounde . The Indomitable Lions took the lead in the 32nd minute through Newcastle midfielder Geremi when he smashed home the rebound after Togo goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale had saved his initial shot from the penalty spot . Lyon 's Jean Makoun doubled the advantage two minutes after the interval after he tapped home following a mazy dribble by Samuel Eto'o and Achille Emana made the points safe in the 52nd minute with a low drive . Gabon remain a point behind Cameroon after they clinched a 3-1 win over Morocco in Libreville having taken the lead after Hicham Mahdoufi put through his own net moments before half-time . Eric Mouloungou and Daniel Cousin gave Gabon a three-goal lead before Adel Taarabt pulled one back for Morocco with a late consolation . Paul Le Guen 's Cameroon side , who had looked doubtful to qualify when he took over , are in pole position at the top of the group with 10 points ahead of Gabon on nine , Togo on five and Morocco with three .	Striker Didier Drogba scored as Ivory Coast drew 1-1 with Malawi in Blantyre The result ensured Ivory Cost qualified for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa Egypt kept alive their qualification hopes with a 1-0 win over Zambia in Konkola Cameroon moved a step closer to qualification after their 3-0 win over Togo
CNN  -- The family of Kendrick Johnson -- the south Georgia teen found dead in his high school gym a year ago -- has filed a lawsuit against the funeral home that handled his remains , alleging negligence and fraud . The lawsuit revolves around what the owner and employees of Harrington Funeral Home in Valdosta , Georgia , knew about the state of the young man 's body . Johnson 's parents were shocked to learn in June , when they ordered a second autopsy , that the young man 's organs were missing and had been replaced with newspaper . An investigation by a state board found that the handling of the body by the funeral home did not violate the law . Roy Copeland , a lawyer for Harrington Funeral Home and its owner , Antonio Harrington , said his client had not been served as of Wednesday and could not comment on something he has not seen . In the lawsuit , filed January 31 and amended Wednesday , the family alleges that not only did the funeral home mishandle the organs , it disposed of them to thwart an investigation into Johnson 's cause of death . "  This lawsuit challenges the morally despicable , fraudulent , unlawful and unfair business practices " of Harrington Funeral Home , the court document states . Antonio Harrington "  intentionally , willfully and secretly " desecrated Johnson 's remains , the lawsuit claims . It was a fraud intended to mislead and make it difficult to establish the manner and cause of death , the lawsuit alleges . The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office has repeatedly stood by its original determination that Johnson died by accident after getting caught up reaching for his shoe that fell inside a rolled-up gym mat . CNN examined the 522-page police file and found that investigators spoke to 111 people , including 18 on the day Johnson 's body was found . But the disbelieving Johnson family pushed in court , leading to a judge 's decision May 1 to grant their request to exhume their son 's body for an independent autopsy at their expense . It was during that second autopsy that the missing organs were noticed . The doctor who carried out that autopsy determined that Johnson suffered blunt force trauma to the right neck and soft tissues , "  consistent with inflicted injury , " challenging the authorities ' ruling that the death was accidental . The lawsuit alleges that Harrington not only was aware that organs were missing , but "  actively undertook measures to dispose of said organs in an effort to interfere " with the investigation . Kendrick Johnson footage released ; expert finds it ` highly suspicious '	Kendrick Johnson was found dead in his school gym a year ago The family sues the funeral home that dealt with his remains Family says the funeral home misled it , desecrated remains Lawyer for funeral home says the suit has n't been served and he ca n't comment now
CNN  -- He was once hailed as the next Boris Becker . But , more than a decade later , Nicolas Kiefer has called time on his tennis career after failing to build on the promise that took him to the heights of fourth in the world rankings . "  It is time to start a new chapter in life , " the 33-year-old , who became a father for the first time in 2010 , said in a statement on his official website on Thursday . The German made headlines in 1997 when he reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon at the tender age of 19 , and won his home tournament in Halle two years later -- the third of his six titles on the ATP Tour as he earned more than $ 7 million on the circuit . He went on to claim an Olympic silver medal in doubles in 2004 with compatriot Rainer Schuttler , before progressing to the last four of the Australian Open in 2006 -- his best performance in a grand slam . What were the top tennis moments of 2010 ? However , after suffering a wrist injury that year , the player tipped to follow in the footsteps of six-time major winner Becker has struggled to get back to the top of the game , playing on the lowly Challenger Tour and slipping to a world ranking of just 722 . "  That 's going to follow me around my whole life , but that 's okay , " Kiefer said of the comparisons in an exclusive interview with German newspaper Die Welt . "  There can only be one Boris Becker . He was my biggest motivator . I learned the most from him , and I 'm very grateful to him for that . "  Sometimes I just missed out by a pinch . But that 's what makes the difference between a Boris Becker and someone not so successful . " Despite having previously said he wanted to continue playing until the 2012 Olympics in London , Kiefer is now looking forward to a new life away from the court with girlfriend Anna and five-month-old daughter Mabelle Emilienne . "  A couple of days ago I looked in the mirror and said to myself -- come on , you 've had a great career , you 've met lots of great people , traveled to lots of countries , and learnt so much . Enough . You 're a father now , you have a daughter , " he said . "  The last few times I was away , I 've known what I 've been missing . Every evening I fall asleep next to my daughter Mabelle . Every morning I wake up next to her . Those are moments I do n't want to miss . " Known as "  Kiwi " to his fans , Kiefer will have more time to concentrate on interests away from tennis , including his favorite football team Hanover 96 -- for whom he scored a goal while playing in a friendly match in 2005 . Kiefer is also studying for a degree in sports management , and he told Die Welt that he may return to tennis in the future utilizing his newfound skills . "  It will be something exciting , interesting for me , " he said . "  Maybe in tennis , as a manager or consultant . Why not ? "	Nicolas Kiefer retires from professional tennis at the age of 33 Former world number four wants to spend more time with his partner and baby daughter German is currently ranked 722 after suffering wrist problems over the last couple of years Kiefer reached semifinals of Australian Open and won an Olympic silver medal in doubles
Washington  CNN  -- It 's now official . Starting Tuesday , members of Congress may receive generous health care benefits -- subsidized by Uncle Sam . Most lawmakers accept this insurance -- the same perk afforded to some 8 million federal employees and their families . But Democrats are crying hypocrisy , saying Republicans who want to repeal the health care law for Americans should not accept similar benefits for themselves . "  It 's hypocritical when they all voted to undo the bill we did , to repeal the bill that we enacted -- that the president signed into law -- to provide for the first time for many Americans in 2014 access to what we as members of Congress have , " employer-provided health care , Representative Joseph Crowley , D-New York , told CNN in an interview in his Capitol office . Some 16 House Republicans are in fact opting out of health care benefits , including freshman Representative Joe Walsh , R-Illinois . He told CNN his reason is "  philosophical " -- saying that he campaigned against the health care law , and on a promise not to accept health care benefits . "  I think that this piece of legislation that we passed is so critical and it will do such harm to our country , that I think we need a few of us to lead by example to point out some of its flaws , " Walsh said . The Federal Employees Health Benefit Program provides federal employees a wide range of private health care plans to choose from . Though the benefit is subsidized by the government , the cost of the plans are relatively low because the pool of federal workers is so big . That 's the same theory behind the so-called exchanges being set up for most Americans as part of the new health care law . Unlike most of Walsh 's congressional colleagues who are turning down government benefits , the Illinois freshman did not have alternative health insurance , so he says he bought his own insurance coverage , which has a $ 5,000 deductible . Walsh says his wife has a pre-existing condition , so insurance would not cover her . Therefore , he says they will pay for the treatment for her ailment , which he declined to disclose , out of pocket . He says that cost is "  sizeable . " "  If I would of taken the congressional plan , I 'd taken the group policy , and my wife would have been covered and life would have been a heck of a lot easier . But this is the pledge that I made , it 's something my wife and I have thought long and hard about , and it 's a principle , and it 's important to both of us , " Walsh said . Representative Bobby Schilling , another GOP freshman from Illinois , is also declining coverage from the Federal Employees Health Benefit plan out of principle , saying he too ran on that promise . Unlike Walsh , Schilling already has insurance that he will keep through his pizza parlor business back home . But in conversations with aides to nearly all the 16 known Republicans not taking health insurance for lawmakers , most are doing so not because of philosophical opposition to government-subsidized health care , but instead because it is most practical for them . Representative Richard Nugent , R-Florida , has COBRA with the help of his state government , since he is a retired sheriff . Others , like Representative Bill Johnson , R-Ohio , are veterans and already receive government benefits through the Veterans Affairs department . And some , like Representative Mike Kelly , R-Pennsylvania , and Representative Daniel Webster , R-Florida , are not accepting the congressional health care benefit because they already have insurance through their own businesses back home . But that decision is costing people like Webster a lot more money . According to his chief of staff , Webster pays $ 1,200 a month for health insurance for his family , and would only be paying about $ 400 monthly if he accepted government benefits offered to him as a congressman . "  They all have Plan Bs , " noted Democrat Joe Crowley . "  The 46 million Americans who do n't have insurance today do n't have a Plan A. " Still -- regardless of their reasoning -- only a fraction of Republicans who voted to repeal the health care law are forgoing government-subsidized insurance for themselves . Florida Representative Allen West , a Republican freshman elected with significant Tea Party support , is accepting the federal health care benefit . He dismisses Democratic accusations that he and other lawmakers like him are hypocrites . West calls that Democratic "  propaganda . " GOP leadership aides insist there is nothing wrong with lawmakers , including House Speaker John Boehner , accepting government-subsidized health care benefits , since the government is their employer . "  The speaker , like President Obama , Senator Harry Reid and tens of millions of other Americans , gets his health coverage through his employer . That has nothing to do with opposition to Washington Democrats ' unconstitutional , job-destroying health care law , " said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner . They may be small in number , but some of Boehner 's freshmen GOP colleagues disagree . They say their opposition to the health care law is in fact connected to the government-subsidized insurance offered to them . Representative Paul Gosar , R-Arizona , is a freshman declining the federal benefits for philosophical reasons . According to spokeswoman Stephanie Zimmerman , Gosar has a health savings account for his family , and has seen his premiums increase 30 % in the last year . Zimmerman said if Gosar were to opt in to federal health benefits , he would be able to cover his entire family for about $ 300 a month . Under his current plan , he has to pay approximately $ 1,700 a month out of pocket . "  He made a promise to his constituents that he would not take members ' health benefits because he wanted to live like everyone else in his district , " Zimmerman said .	16 in GOP wo n't take federal plan But some are already covered Democrats call it hypocritical Republicans rebut charge
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford now has a new fight on his hands : a tumor . The president of Humber River Hospital announced Wednesday that the embattled mayor -- just over two months removed from treatment for substance abuse -- has been admitted to the hospital , where doctors will try to get "  a definitive diagnosis . " "  It is being investigated further and we need to determine exactly what type of tumor it is , and then we can decide on what type of treatment is required , " said Dr. Rueben Devlin , the Toronto hospital 's president . According to Devlin , Ford has been "  complaining of abdominal pains " for over three months that got worse over the last 24 hours . That prompted the mayor to go the hospital , where a CT scan revealed the tumor in his abdomen . It 's not known yet if the tumor is malignant , according to Devlin . Doug Ford , the mayor 's brother and a Toronto city councilor , asked reporters "  just to give our family a day or so " as they learn more about the situation and determine what to do next -- including deciding whether or not Rob Ford will continue his campaign for re-election . "  Rob is in good spirits , and I just want to thank the well-wishers for all the calls that are coming in , " Doug Ford said . The health ailment adds to the list of struggles facing Ford , whose fall from grace began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior . Ford did n't back down , though , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . The mayor apologized for "  a lot of stupid things , " including having used crack cocaine , but he refused to resign or enter rehab . In fact , despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States , Ford launched a bid for re-election . Yet this past spring , after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly shows him smoking crack cocaine , Ford relented on one front : by going into rehab . He returned to work in late June , after a two-month rehab stint , saying he was "  ashamed , embarrassed and humiliated " by some of his past actions . But even then , he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning , saying to the voters of Toronto , "  I look forward to serving you for many , many more years . " ` Ashamed , embarrassed ' Rob Ford returns as Toronto mayor after rehab	Toronto hospital executive : A CT scan shows Rob Ford has a tumor in his abdomen It 's not known if the tumor is malignant or how it will be treated , the executive adds Rob Ford is "  in good spirits , " his brother says The mayor , who is running for re-election , has been dogged by his substance abuse
CNN  -- Relations between the Vatican and Ireland deteriorated sharply as the Holy See appeared to ignore a commission looking into complaints of physical and sexual abuse of children by Irish priests , according to U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks . One cable from earlier this year says the Vatican was angered by the way the Murphy Commission -- which was looking into the how complaints of abuse had been handled by the Church and Irish government -- sidestepped normal diplomatic channels . The commission had written directly to the Vatican to seek information and requested a meeting with the Vatican 's representative in Ireland . The Vatican envoy did not respond , according to the cable . The cable was one of several published Friday by the Guardian newspaper in London . The Murphy Commission was appointed after another inquiry issued a report in May 2009 detailing horrific abuses , including 325 alleged cases of abuse by priests , and concluding that the problem was endemic . "  The Vatican believes the Irish government failed to respect and protect Vatican sovereignty during the investigations , " the charge d'affaires at the U.S. Embassy to the Holy See , wrote in February 2010 . "  Adding insult to injury , Vatican officials also believed some Irish opposition politicians were making political hay with the situation by calling publicly on the government to demand that the Vatican reply . " But the cable added : "  Much of the Irish public views the Vatican protests as pettily procedural and failing to confront the real issue of horrific abuse and cover-up by Church officials . " "  Resentment toward the Church in Rome remains very high , particularly because of the institutionalized cover-up of abuse by the Catholic Church hierarchy . " But U.S. diplomats credit the Vatican with responding to the unfolding crisis in Ireland "  with uncharacteristic speed . " "  The Vatican 's relatively swift response to this crisis showed it learned key lessons from the U.S. sex abuse scandals in 2002 but still left some Catholics -- in Ireland and beyond -- feeling disaffected , " the U.S. charge d'affaires wrote . Victims ' associations were complaining at the time that Pope Benedict XVI had not issued an apology for the abuses and had not ordered the removal of the remaining bishop accused of the cover-up , even though he said he shared the "  outrage , betrayal , and shame " of Irish Catholics . The following month the pope did offer an apology to the victims . "  You have suffered grievously and I am truly sorry . I know that nothing can undo the wrong you have endured , " he said . Looking to the longer term , the U.S. diplomat wrote that the prestige and power of the Irish Catholic Church had been falling ever since its peak with the 1979 visit of Pope John Paul II . The abuse scandals had come amid increasing secularization of society and might further reduce the influence of the Catholic Church , she wrote . "  Our contacts at the Vatican and in Ireland expect the crisis in the Irish Catholic Church to be protracted over several years , as only allegations from the Dublin Archdiocese have been investigated to date , " the cable says .	Cable : Vatican was angered that commission sidestepped diplomatic channels Ireland "  failed to respect and protect Vatican sovereignty , " cable says Resentment toward the church is "  very high " in the general public , cable says
CNN  -- Donna Zovko will have to wait to travel to Falluja to see where her son died in one of the Iraq war 's most infamous attacks . Clockwise from upper left : Wesley Batalona , Mike Teague , Scott Helvenston , Jerry Zovko "  My dream was to go for the fifth anniversary , and that did n't come true , " Zovko said this week while visiting friends in Boston , Massachusetts . "  It 's not that I 'm afraid for me . But people with me on the trip would be in more danger . " Tuesday marks five years since her son Jerry Zovko and three other civilian employees of the Blackwater private security firm were ambushed in Falluja on March 31 , 2004 . Gunmen attacked vehicles holding Zovko , Mike Teague , Wesley Batalona and Scott Helvenston and set the vehicles on fire . Shocking images beamed around the world showed Iraqis celebrating in front of charred bodies strung up on a bridge over the Euphrates River . The remains were dragged through the streets . Donna Zovko honors her son " "  I did n't realize until way after the incident that he had been decapitated , " said Helvenston 's mother , Katy Helvenston-Wettengel , from her Florida home . "  They cut his heart out . How can anybody be that hateful ? " To identify his body , she said , investigators had to gather DNA samples from her son 's children . A half-decade after the notorious attack , memories of the gruesome images have faded somewhat from the public eye , as the United States plans to reduce troop numbers in Iraq and a wrongful death suit brought by the four families heads to court-ordered arbitration . The families accuse Blackwater of failing to prepare the men for their mission that day . A 2007 House oversight committee report concluded that Blackwater "  ignored multiple warnings about the dangers " and failed to supply armored vehicles , machine guns , sufficient intelligence or even a map . Blackwater responded by saying the experienced military veterans on the team "  had all of the resources they needed " and were victims of a "  well-planned ambush . " In the days after the attack , Blackwater was largely silent beyond a statement that said , "  We grieve today for the loss of our colleagues and we pray for their families . " But the families said they ran into a stone wall trying to get details of what happened in Falluja . "  For the next three months , they never returned my calls , " Helvenston 's mother said . "  Our families were destroyed . We will never be the same . " For Zovko , the suit is not about money or punishment . "  I want to hear the truth , " she said . "  I want to know what my Jerry was doing before the mission . Why they did n't they have the maps ? I want to know who he spoke to last . " What makes this anniversary different from past years , she said , was an encounter this month in Boston with an Iraqi who claimed that he was at the scene of the attack shortly after the massacre . He offered Zovko new alleged details of the attack , which she says brought her comfort . The Iraqi man , whom she would n't identify , told her that the attackers did not appear to be targeting the motorcade containing her son and his three comrades . "  We used to think maybe the attack was done on purpose , " she said . The news made her feel like "  I was lifted into the air , " she said . "  For me , it was good . I miss my Jerry more today than yesterday . " The gruesome attack put the little-known North Carolina-based security company into the American lexicon and on the world stage . It also changed the course of the war . The House report called it a "  turning point in public opinion about the war , " which led to the first major U.S. offensive in Falluja . The fighting lasted three weeks , killing 36 U.S. service members , about 200 insurgents and an estimated 600 Iraqi civilians , according to the report . In the ensuing years , Blackwater and other private security firms in Iraq received hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. government contracts . Tactics used by the private security firms sometimes created ill will among Iraqis and Blackwater in particular was criticized , even by some in the U.S. military , for its allegedly reckless use of deadly force . Erik Prince , Blackwater 's founder and former CEO , dismissed such allegations as "  baseless " after his company was criticized by the Iraqi government for an incident in which its guards killed 17 Iraqi civilians and wounded others while protecting a U.S. State Department convoy in Baghdad on September 16 , 2007 . "  To the extent there was the loss of innocent life , let me be clear that I consider that tragic , " Prince said , adding that the Blackwater team "  acted appropriately while operating in a very complex war zone " that day . Five ex-Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty in January to charges of voluntary manslaughter stemming from their involvement in the shootings . A sixth pleaded guilty to voluntary and attempted manslaughter . That same month , the Iraqi government refused to grant the firm an operating license , and the U.S. State Department announced that it will not renew its contract . In the two months since the exit of the Bush administration , Prince has stepped down as CEO and brought in a new leadership team . The company has changed its name to Xe , but Prince is still chairman . "  I think Blackwater 's been punished enough , " Zovko said , "  but they will be punished more . It 's time our government makes some rules and regulations about what civilian contractors can do in their wars . " This week , Xe released a brief statement to CNN about the Falluja killings , saying the "  sacrifices of these brave men have not been forgotten . On the five-year anniversary of their death , the company continues to mourn their loss . Our thoughts remain with their families and loved ones . " Prince 's promise Both mothers seem to be making a conscious effort to control their anger five years on . "  I refuse to hate , but if I were gon na hate anybody , it would be Blackwater and Erik Prince , " Helvenston-Wettengel said . "  I want Blackwater exposed for who they are , and I want them out of business . " Zovko said she relies on her Catholic faith to control her anger . In 2007 , Prince told CNN he would be willing to meet with Zovko , but 16 months later , no such meeting has taken place . "  He has n't honored his promise , but I believe he will , " Zovko said . "  Sometimes I think he does n't have a heart , but he really does . " Zovko said she wants to ask Prince , "  Where are my Jerry 's three suitcases with personal things that I have never received ? " Also , she said Prince promised to invite Zovko to Blackwater 's headquarters in North Carolina to see memorial stones and trees that were planted honoring the victims . "  That has n't happened , " Zovko said . Helvenston-Wettengel also said she 'd like to meet with Prince . "  I 'd like to look him in the eye , yeah . I 'd say , ` How can you live with yourself ? ' " CNN sought a response from Prince about his promised meeting with Zovko . Company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said Prince had tried to meet with Zovko in early 2008 but was unable to "  due to scheduling conflicts . " Both mothers ' sons went to Iraq after careers in the U.S. military . Jerry Zovko , a former Army Ranger , had gone as a security contractor to train Iraqi soldiers . When that contract ended in late 2003 , he signed on with a different company , Blackwater , according to his mother . For Scott Helvenston , Iraq was just the final chapter of a colorful career for the former Navy SEAL , a life that included a job as a stuntman and consultant for Hollywood films . On the set of 1997 's "  G.I. Jane , " shot in Jacksonville , Florida , Helvenston put Demi Moore through a rigorous training program , his mother said , even managing to grab a small role as an extra . A divorced father of two , Helvenston told his mother he would return from Iraq in two months , she said . "  He was going to go over there and make a bunch of money and come back and give it to his ex-wife , " she said . Zovko and Helvenston-Wettengel have become close friends in the years since the tragedy , but on this anniversary , the two mothers will not be together to share their support and grief with each other . "  Traveling is getting to be troublesome for us both , " said Zovko , who plans to remain near her home in Bratenahl , Ohio , to attend morning and evening masses at Cleveland 's St. Paul Croatian Church . Helvenston-Wettengel also said she plans to attend church Tuesday in her hometown of Leesburg , Florida . Legal setbacks As for the families ' wrongful death lawsuit against Blackwater , a federal judge in 2007 ordered that the case be taken out of the courts to be decided by a three-member arbitration panel . Senior U.S. District Judge James Fox sent the case to arbitration based on Blackwater 's argument that the four victims had signed an agreement not to sue the company . A hearing is set for June 23 . In court , Blackwater had argued that it was immune to such a lawsuit because , as an extension of the military , it can not be held responsible for deaths in a war zone . At this point , Zovko said , both sides are losers . "  I lost my son , and Blackwater lost the dignity of the company they thought they were . " Helvenston said she wants the whole thing to just end , but events keep dragging it out . "  They wo n't let me let it go . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	It 's been five years since killings of four U.S. contractors in Falluja Victim 's mom : "  I want Blackwater exposed and out of business " Blackwater , renamed Xe , says it "  continues to mourn " the loss of the four men Another mom : Both sides are losers in Blackwater suit
"  Sport has the power to change the world , " Nelson Mandela once said -- and the South African prisoner-turned-president also provided perhaps the most eloquent supporting evidence for his claim . "  It has the power to inspire , " he said . "  It has the power to unite people in a way that little else does . Sport can create hope where once there was only despair . It is more powerful than government in breaking down racial barriers . " That last sentence was the closest Mandela came to referencing his own role in using sport to unify South Africa , a country that had been separated by skin color and the warped political ideology of apartheid for nearly half a century by the time he became its first black president in 1994 . A year after winning South Africa 's first multiracial elections , and five years after his release from prison after nearly three decades of incarceration for his anti-apartheid activities , the then-African National Congress leader revealed his acute political antennae as South Africa hosted the 1995 Rugby World Cup . The sport had long been seen as the white man 's game in South Africa , and many non-whites identified the national team , the Springboks , as being synonymous with minority rule . The team 's antelope emblem had been proudly worn by the country 's whites-only sporting teams during apartheid . As the onetime pariah state found itself in the unusual position of welcoming the world , there were widespread fears of a racial bloodbath . Some groups were keen to avenge the years of racial oppression , while some right-wing whites were plotting violent protests against the new black majority rule . Despite their readmission in 1992 to international rugby , after years of apartheid-enforced sporting isolation , South Africa used home advantage so well that the debutants reached the World Cup final . The sporting , political and human drama was told in John Carlin 's book "  Nelson Mandela and the Game That Made a Nation " and was made into the movie "  Invictus , " with Morgan Freeman playing Mandela . Carlin tells the story of the moment on the day of the final when white South Africans took a man they once considered a terrorist into their hearts . "  The day 's crowning moment came before the game had even begun , when Mandela went out onto the field , before a crowd of 65,000 that was 95 % white , wearing the green Springbok jersey , the old symbol of oppression , beloved of his apartheid jailers , " he wrote . "  There was a moment of jaw-dropping disbelief , a sharp collective intake of breath , and suddenly the crowd broke into a chant , which grew steadily louder , of ` Nelson ! Nelson ! Nelson ! ' " Two hours later , the day 's images adopted iconic status as the "  Rainbow Nation " beat New Zealand to win the tournament , precipitating widespread celebrations , increased harmony and a mixture of both pride and hope to a South Africa in desperate need of reconciliation . The photo of team captain Francois Pienaar receiving the trophy from Mandela , who was wearing the No. 6 jersey associated with the Springboks ' Afrikaner skipper , now takes a place of pride at the Apartheid Museum in Johannesburg . Nonetheless , Dr. Ashwin Desai , a university lecturer , sociologist and specialist in South Africa 's racial history , believes that the impact of the moment was short-lived and began to crumble within a few months of the final . "  The Rainbow Nation and Mandela 's legacy was supposed to be about the erosion of racial categories , but that has not happened , " said Desai . "  This idea that sport can harmonize a nation is a clich that South Africans use -- but we also know that sport can divide . The kindest thing to say about the dream of the Rainbow Nation is that it has been deferred -- more realistically though , the dream has been shattered . What we have now is deepening racial division , with racial categories being pre-eminent again . " Yet one of the most celebrated pages in modern race relations would never have been written had Mandela not saved the Springbok emblem , which was labeled "  deeply offensive " by the National Sport Council in the mid-1990s because of its use in the racially divisive past . Recognizing that whites had lost both their national flag and the elevated status of their national anthem , Mandela understood their need to retain some identity -- and so the pacifier persuaded his colleagues that the Springboks ' survival was key to building the new South Africa . Mandela won the argument despite the Springboks ' history of breaking the international sporting ban that the ANC had successfully forced on many South African teams during apartheid . Even though he had backed the boycott from his prison cell on Robben Island , Mandela was aware of the sacrifices imposed on his nation 's best sportsmen . "  I wanted my people to know that I became president sooner because of the sacrifices made by our athletes during the years of the boycott , " he replied when asked why he was at a soccer match involving South Africa , rather than a politically themed event , shortly after his inauguration in May 1994 . Two years later , Mandela and South Africa repeated the trick -- this time with soccer , the game that was the main preserve of the country 's black community . With Mandela now draped in the football jersey , South Africa used home soil to win the Africa Cup of Nations , the continent 's premier football event , at the first time of asking . Yet Mandela 's true football legacy came when South Africa was awarded the honor of staging the 2010 World Cup finals , beating favorites Morocco 14-10 in the final vote . "  The presence of Mandela when we were making our bid was very , very powerful , " said Desai . "  We were up against some big , powerful nations , such as Morocco and Egypt , so to beat off Morocco meant there had to be an extra player on the team -- and certainly the major game-changer was Mandela . " "  It is thanks to Mandela that the world could finally trust us to deliver this event at a world class level , " Danny Jordaan told the FIFA website . "  He gave us a momentum and self-belief that we could achieve what many thought was impossible and we , and this country , will be forever grateful . " Despite a personal tragedy on the eve of the finals -- his great-granddaughter Zenani , 13 , died in a car crash -- Mandela was ultimately rewarded with a tournament that shone with color , originality and , to widespread surprise outside South Africa , fine organization . Within Africa , many said they felt an increased sense of belonging as the football World Cup , which dates back to 1930 , finally arrived in Africa -- the first time the continent had hosted a global event on the scale of the Olympics . FIFA President Sepp Blatter hailed Mandela as an "  extraordinary person " on Thursday and recalled the ecstatic scenes at the 2010 World Cup 's closing ceremony in what proved to be Mandela 's final public appearance . "  When he was honored and cheered by the crowd at Johannesburg 's Soccer City stadium on 11 July 2010 , it was as a man of the people , a man of their hearts , and it was one of the most moving moments I have ever experienced . For him , the World Cup in South Africa truly was ' a dream come true , ' " Blatter said in a statement on FIFA 's website . "  Nelson Mandela will stay in our hearts forever . The memories of his remarkable fight against oppression , his incredible charisma and his positive values will live on in us and with us . " Former South African international , Lucas Radebe also paid a moving tribute . "  The sports history books in South Africa will show statistics and victories . What they wo n't show , however , was that it was Madiba Magic that forged those results and performances ; and united a country and its people along the way . No doubt , that Madiba Magic will live on . Thank you Tata , " Radebe wrote on his website . This sense of belonging is one that Mandela maintained with his foundation , the Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund , which started the Sport for Good program with the aim of using sport as a way of improving the lives of children in both South Africa and Swaziland . This sporting philosophy had served Mandela himself exceptionally well during his time in prison . In his biography , "  A Long Walk to Freedom , " he explained how he followed a highly disciplined exercise regime in a bid to stay both physically and mentally healthy . "  I have always believed that exercise is a key not only to physical health , but to peace of mind , " wrote the once-keen boxer and long-distance runner . "  Exercise dissipates tension , and tension is the enemy of serenity . " "  In prison , having an outlet for my frustrations was absolutely essential . Even on the island , I attempted to follow my old boxing routine of doing roadwork and muscle-building from Monday to Thursday and then resting for the next three days . " The efficacy of his discipline -- which also included 45 minutes of running "  on the spot in my cell " and extensive anaerobic exercise four times a week -- was clear to see in the energy he brought to life as a free man -- keeping together the fragile , new South Africa , visiting world leaders and becoming one of the political icons of our time . After 27 years behind bars , where he was allowed just one visitor a year , perhaps it was only fair that the world then came to visit Mandela in later years -- with Pele , Muhammad Ali , Joe Frazier , Alex Ferguson , Tiger Woods and David Beckham prominent among the sporting luminaries to meet the icon . Like the wider world , sport is unlikely to forget Mandela , not just because of the tournaments and stadiums already named in his honor , but primarily for a day in 1995 when the anti-apartheid activist stole the show during the defeat of a team called , ironically enough , the All Blacks . Read more : Nelson Mandela 's legacy : How soccer club fell for Africa Read more : D'Oliveira : The man who took on the apartheid regime Read more : Pienaar recalls day Mandela transformed South Africa	As a youth , Mandela was a boxer and long-distance runner As president of South Africa , he helped bring world attention to his country through sports "  Sport has the power to change the world , " Mandela said Mandela was a major factor in South Africa hosting the 2010 World Cup finals
CNN  -- Want to make Norman Rockwell roll over in his grave ? This Thanksgiving , take your hand out of the turkey 's body cavity and turn off the football game to make some new traditions with friends and family . A vegetarian yoga retreat or an ethnic food tour of the Lower East Side may seem like an unusual way to spend the Thanksgiving holiday , but making new traditions with those you love can be the perfect way to celebrate the holiday season . Here are six ways you can have the best unconventional Thanksgiving ever , whether you 're ready to hop on a jet now or start making alternative plans for next year . Tradition : Arguing with family Spin : Comedy show If your extended family shares the same religious , political and sports beliefs , you can disregard this tip .  You might need to check that you have n't accidentally walked onto the set of "  Leave It to Beaver , " because we do n't actually believe you . Getting a bunch of related , multigenerational people together in close quarters for an extended period of time is more likely to end up looking like something from a slasher film than from a "  Brady Bunch " episode . The tension quotient rises even more if out-of-towners are staying with you for the holiday weekend . Relieve the tension and get some much-needed laughter by seeing a comedy show Thanksgiving weekend . "  America 's Got Talent " great Dan Naturman is performing at New York 's Gotham Comedy Club the day after Thanksgiving . Or visit "  Mulaney " star Seaton Smith at the Goodnights Comedy Club in Raleigh , North Carolina , for another chance to liven up the mood after Thanksgiving festivities are over . Plenty of other comedy clubs are open across the country . Really , what time of year do we need more stress relief than around the holidays ? If they 're closed , pelt the door with leftover turkey giblets . Tradition : Turkey coma Spin : Costa Rican yoga retreat For many people , simply hearing the word "  Thanksgiving " evokes memories of too-tight waistbands and a four-hour food coma . While a feast can be a wonderful thing at any time of the year , shake things up during the holiday season by tightening your belt instead of loosening it . Explore stunning Costa Rica and bring harmony to your life with a calming yoga retreat . Blue Spirit Costa Rica 's Yoga and Recovery Retreat focuses on healing from any and all addictions  turkey can certainly count as an addiction  through morning and afternoon Vinyasa classes and explorations of the surrounding natural landscape . When not meditating or perfecting yoga poses , you can try surfing , swimming , ziplining and whitewater rafting . Give your body a chance to detox from holiday goodies with the program 's gourmet vegetarian cuisine and its Pure Food Option , which offers meals consisting of crisp greens , grains and legumes without oils or seasonings . Tradition : Lying on the couch Spin : Pushups for charity Food is supposed to give your body energy . If you 're eating enough turkey  and stuffing and mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce and rolls and pumpkin pie  to send you into a motionless stupor after lunch , that 's probably not healthy . Even if you ca n't imagine Thanksgiving without these delectable dishes , you can counterbalance some of the negative effects with some pre - and post-feast exercise . Turkey Trot marathons take place all over the country on Thursday , November 27 . For an even less-conventional way to get your blood pumping during Thanksgiving week , try participating in Pushups for Charity , in which the North Texas town of Coppell holds an annual Turkey-Busting Workout to not only fend off the effects of rich holiday foods but to benefit those in need . Bring some canned goods and participate in a free trainer-led workout session to start the season off right . Tradition : Black Friday shopping Spin : Thailand service trip If you usually spend your Thanksgiving evening ripping items away from other people in the Black Friday department stores , stop for a minute . Do you even remember what you bought last year ? Consider giving to others during a peaceful trip to Thailand to help preserve its natural elephant habitats . When you 're not planting and harvesting sugarcane and grass or constructing shade shelters for Surin province 's endangered animals , take Thai cooking classes and peruse the local outdoor markets . Volunteers become familiar with the elephants by feeding , walking and even bathing them . If the choice is between bathing an elephant and wrenching a 40 % - off scarf out of someone 's hand , is it really a choice ? Tradition : Hours of football Spin : Soccer match in Scotland Although Americans traditionally sink back into their couches on Thanksgiving Day to cheer for whichever team has the most players on their fantasy teams , try enjoying a different kind of football with a trip to a Celtic FC match in Scotland . Sure , you 'll miss such classic NFL matchups as the Lions-Bears , 49ers-Seahawks and Cowboys-Eagles . In Scotland , you can actually participate in the uproar of a professional sports game rather than passively watch it in a food coma on your couch . The Glasgow football -- soccer to Americans -- club is playing FC Salzburg on Thanksgiving Day . For 90 minutes of pure action with no pesky stoppages after every down and no padding when the players crash into each other , visit Scotland for a rousing good time in a country that does n't take its alcohol lightly . Tradition : Eating traditional dishes Spin : Post-Thanksgiving multiethnic tour It 's almost overwhelming how much time and energy we spend picking out , dressing , cooking and then carefully carving the fattest turkey we can find for Thanksgiving . Not to mention the string of turkey casseroles and sandwiches and soups that follow for weeks afterward . Turkey can be delicious , but how much do you really want to eat ? For an exciting twist , join the post-Thanksgiving multiethnic eating tour on New York 's Lower East Side . Explore the Jewish East Side , Chinatown and Little Italy with other foodies for some spices and flavors that you ca n't stuff inside a turkey cavity . While you stroll the city sampling mouthwatering street foods , be thankful that you are n't eating yet another can of wobbly cranberry sauce .	Make new Thanksgiving traditions this year Bathe endangered elephants in Thailand Find inner peace at a Costa Rican yoga retreat
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Explosions took place Tuesday outside two embassies in Greece , and police carried out controlled explosions of three more suspicious parcels addressed to embassies , officials said . The incidents come a day after one person was wounded when a parcel bomb addressed to Greece 's Mexican Embassy exploded . The object at the Swiss Embassy on Tuesday was a small bomb that was thrown into the building 's courtyard , police said . A separate explosion happened outside the Russian Embassy , police said . It was n't immediately known what type of device caused that explosion . No one was injured in either incident . Meanwhile , authorities said they detonated a package at the Bulgarian Embassy and a suspicious package addressed to the Chilean Embassy , after a courier carrying the latter parcel thought it might contain an explosive device . The third parcel was addressed to the German Embassy , but it was detonated near a courier office because embassy officials thought it might be a parcel bomb and sent it back , police said . Monday , a parcel bomb addressed to the Mexican Embassy exploded at the same private courier company and wounded a woman there . Two suspects were arrested Monday after police cordoned off the surrounding area , the ministry said . Both were wearing wigs and one of them was wearing a bulletproof vest . Both also were carrying Glock 9mm pistols and were in possession of two other explosive parcels , including one addressed to French President Nicolas Sarkozy , the ministry and police said . The other was addressed to the Belgian Embassy . The packages were detonated by police . The arrested men are in their early 20s and are both Greek nationals , police said . One of them is a suspected member of the Greek leftist militant group Conspiracy of the Cells of Fire . Another parcel bomb was found nearby Monday at another courier company in the same area . It was addressed to the Dutch Embassy . From Journalist Elinda Labropoulou	Police detonate parcel addressed to German Embassy No one was hurt in the Swiss and Russian blasts Police carried out controlled explosions of two other parcels Parcel bombs were addressed to several embassies Monday
CNN  -- Colorado Rockies pitcher Juan Nicasio had surgery Saturday after he was struck by a line drive and suffered a neck fracture , according to the team . Nicasio , injured in a frightening moment Friday night at Coors Field , was "  resting comfortably " at a Denver hospital following surgery to stabilize a fracture to the C-1 vertebra in his neck , the Rockies said in a statement . The right-handed pitcher fell to the mound in the second inning after a ball hit by Ian Desmond of the Washington Nationals struck the right side of his head and went into foul territory . The team 's staff assisted Nicasio for several minutes before he was taken off the field by a cart . He will remain hospitalized as he recovers , the Rockies said . Nicasio , 24 , a native of the Dominican Republic , is 4-4 in his rookie season . He was placed on the 15-day disabled list Saturday , but it was not certain when he will be able to return .	Juan Nicasio was struck in the head by a line drive He had surgery in Denver to stabilize a vertebrae fracture Nicasio , 24 , is a native of the Dominican Republic
CNN  -- Millions of hectares of land have been acquired in the past few years across Africa by investors who are moving into large-scale agriculture to take advantage of potential windfall gains . Popularly these deals have become known as "  land grabbing , " but they could just as well have been framed as "  water grabs . " The current global rush for agricultural land grew partly in response to increased global food prices since 2007 . Global capital is finding its way to agricultural investments on the basis of expectations of high returns , either through increased production or through speculation on further rising land prices . Optimistic promises that such investment would also reinvigorate depressed rural economies , by virtue of employment creation and improved livelihoods , have proven to be vastly overstated , if not unfounded in many cases . But one of the untold stories of the global land grab is the quest to capture one of the most vital resources : water . As land is grabbed and earmarked for development , this often has implications for the water nearby , for local people 's land and water rights and environmental sustainability . All around the world powerful actors  transnational as well as national  are pointing out that the lands in which they invest are "  marginal " and "  unproductive " lands . This has been shown to be untrue for many cases ; either the land is already used by small-scale food producers , or is of prime quality and associated with good  potential  access to water . Read this : The myth of Africa 's land grab In the Tana Delta for example , the Kenyan government marked the Tana river basin for development , designating the floodplain area as "  unused " and the adjacent terraces as "  empty dryland " with irrigation potential . But this region has long been home to small peasant farmers , fishers and pastoralists from different ethnic groups , whose cooperative sharing of fragile land and water resources over the years has been possible because of delicately balanced customary use rights agreements amongst themselves . The violence last year in the Kenya 's Tana region demonstrates the perils -- and tragedy -- of ignoring more complex social realities that exist on the ground . In most countries where land deals are taking place it is no use having land without also having access to water . Research published in a special issue of Water Alternatives has shown water to be one of the prime drivers of the global rush to acquire land . Despite this , many land deal contracts -- or the prior environmental assessments upon which they ought to be based -- do not explicitly mention water requirements , let alone quantify them . The issue of water grabs is a particularly slippery one . Unlike land , water flows and moves from one place to another ; its availability goes up and down , affected by the seasons , human use , or climate change ; it can be visible on the surface and invisible underground . It can be a source of food , or disease and pollution . Rights , access and uses are complex and varied . Who has the right to the water in a river -- the people who live beside it in a given place , the farmers who depend on it for irrigation , or those upstream or downstream ? Read this : One woman 's mission to fix water crisis Water 's elusive nature makes it a prime target . The boundaries between legality and illegality are often fuzzy , and questions of jurisdiction over water can be unclear . Grabbers often take advantage of this legal complexity . In Ghana , according to research by the International Water Management Institute , the separation of land and water rights created the space for water grabbing : pre-existing customary water rights were abolished and instead ownership , management and control of water were placed under authority of the state . Similarly , water-quality impacts reach far beyond the place of pollution . A case in point is a large-scale land deal in the Iringa Region of Tanzania under a lease-agreement with the government . According to a paper published by Italian NGO Acra , fertilizers , pesticides and faeces of cattle led to the contamination of downstream drinking water sources serving a population of some 45,000 people . Proponents of large-scale land deals deploy powerful narratives of underutilized land and water resources that "  require " investment to "  unlock " their potential , or an abundance of water and land , ready to be woken up by commercial agriculture . But it is at least debatable if the targeted land and water resources are indeed unused or even underutilized . The narratives of "  unexploited resources " provide justification for governments to displace existing users of resources and the ways in which smallholder farmers use their water remain unrecognized some can create new scarcities for others . The hidden aspects of water grabbing do not just make it a very "  slippery " terrain , but also imply that large-scale land acquisitions all around Africa actually can be understood as "  water grabbing . " That we call this a process of grabbing does not mean that these deals are strictly illegal , but there are serious underlying social justice questions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer C Franco , Lyla Mehta and Gert Jan Veldwisch .	Large-scale land deals in Africa can be seen as "  water grabs , write three researchers Taking land for development often has implications for for local people 's water rights Jennifer Franco , Lyla Mehta and Gert Jan Veldwisch ask : Who has the right to the water in a river ?
CNN  -- "  Are you for Ukraine or for Russia ? " Alex Shiroki 's boss asked him Thursday . Shiroki , 35 , from Yalta , opposes the Russian invasion , and the proposed rejoining of Crimea to Russia . But he carefully said his views are "  something in the middle " -- just in case his opinion could affect his job . His boss supports Russia . "  He says that Russia is more rich than Ukraine and we will have stability , " Shiroki said . "  Most of  the  people think like that . " It 's amazing how normal life continues to appear in some parts of Crimea . People still go to work , to restaurants , to bars . But tensions continue to mount in the region , where lawmakers voted Thursday in favor of rejoining Russia and having a referendum in 10 days . Many people are sincerely grateful for the Russian presence , said Maria Zaborovska , 24 , who lives in Crimea and is translating for international radio journalists . "  I do n't know if they fully realize -- if they know what it means , " Zaborovska said of the pro-Russia supporters . Many of them were born in the Soviet Union and speak Russian , she said . As to how they would benefit from Crimea becoming part of Russia , people who support breaking off from Ukraine do n't seem to have answers , she said . Zaborovska herself is against the Russian invasion . In the main square in Simferopol , a crowd gathered Wednesday in support of Russia , waving flags . "  Our grandparents protected our land from the SS , and we will protect our land from Western extremists , " one woman shouted . "  Thank you Russia for protecting us . " Biscuits with Crimean jam were served up at a pro-Russian militia recruitment center , with a portrait of Russian President Vladimir Putin watching over . Anna Bardina a Russia supporter , told CNN 's Diana Magnay that she has been receiving threatening texts from far right elements , and even death threats from Chechnya . "  Russia is far more stable , " she said . "  They have no economic problems , not like here where we have movements like the Maidan and are in a political and economic mess , " she said , referring to the popular pro-European street rallies that led to the ouster of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . Areas around military bases showcase the bubbling tensions . Wednesday , outside the headquarters of the Ukrainian navy in Sevastopol , women tried to sneak up to windows and shove food through to the soldiers inside . The facility is surrounded by pro-Russian civilians who call themselves a "  civil defense group , " backed up by masked , armed men in green combat fatigues , presumed to be Russian soldiers . A woman with her young daughter , bringing soup and meatballs to her husband inside , was turned away . So was a Sevastopol Red Cross worker who tried to bring in supplies . "  There are no problems with food , " one of the men told him . "  Anyone who wants to eat can go home . " In the seaside resort city of Yalta , Alex Shiroki observed a crowd of hundreds gathered Wednesday by a monument to Vladimir Lenin , singing songs and waving flags in support of Russia . He thought the pro-Russian presence would be even bigger . Shiroki does n't mind people expressing their opinion , but the latest string of political developments has him depressed . "  It 's happening so fast that I am kind of lost and disoriented by all of this , " he said . With tourism as a main industry in the city , several hotels are closing their doors , with at least one big hotel firing personnel , Shiroki said . "  Smaller hotels , they just closed because maybe they think there is no hope of having tourists in summer , " he said . It 's unclear if they will re-open . For now , the region is largely blocked off by troops and vacationers are likely making other plans in the face of obvious tensions . Shiroki has not seen any of the presumably Russian soldiers in unmarked green uniforms , as his friends have encountered in other cities such as Simferopol . As a joke , people refer to these troops as "  polite armed people , " Shiroki said . One of Shiroki 's friends brought food to Ukrainian soldiers at a military base in Perevalnoe , near Simferopol , and told Shiroki he was stopped by soldiers about 20 times on the way . After answering many questions , he was able to deliver the food through a gate , but could not go inside . If Crimea does become part of Russia , as Shiroki suspects it probably will , he will consider leaving the country . Shiroki has been studying Polish , so Poland could be an option , or perhaps elsewhere in Europe or the United States . "  If you dislike living in a place ruled by a power you dislike , maybe you should change your life , " Shiroki said . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter . Laura Smith-Spark and Michael Holmes contributed to this report . Diana Magnay reported from Simferopol and Ben Wedeman reported from Sevastopol in Ukraine .	Crimean supporters of Russia gather in public One woman says they will protect the land from "  Western extremists " In Yalta , Alex Shiroki says hotels are closing He is considering leaving Crimea if it becomes part of Russia
CNN  -- Qingdao , famously known as the home of Tsingtao Beer and fine beaches , has found another way to attract tourists -- plants . The coastal city on China 's eastern Shandong Province is hosting the 2014 International Horticultural Expo . The Expo , which opened on April 25 , is expected to attract 12 million visitors before it closes on October 25 . With the theme "  From the Earth , For the Earth , " it features gardens and pavilions specially constructed on one end of the Laoshan Mountain , one of the most sacred Taoist destinations in China . "  This event is an opportunity to promote the image of our city , exchange experiences on horticultural techniques and products across the globe and raise public awareness on ecological and environmental protection , " said Expo organizer Zhu Yuetao . Once a mining region , the Expo area has been transformed into a 241-hectare Disneyland-style complex featuring exhibits , water parks , rides and live performances . "  People from all over the world will come to Qingdao , and when they see what I have seen , they will be delighted , " said Tim Briercliffe , secretary general of the International Association of Horticultural Producers . "  Millions of people will be inspired and the benefits will be enjoyed today and by future generations . " Rare plants on display Qingdao has invited plant lovers and garden experts from 37 countries and regions , as well as Chinese provinces and cities , which have set up various pavilions . It 's even attracted the participation of the North Koreans , who have brought samples of Kimilsunglia and Kimjongilia orchids , named after late leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il . Another pavilion displays nearly 2,000 rare or new strains of plants , including specimens from tropical and temperate zones . Another special attraction is the Swedish pavilion , which highlights the life of Swedish scientist Carl von Linne , father of modern botany and taxonomy . Visitors can hit up the Ice Bar , which recreates a visit to Sweden 's famed Ice Hotel . "  The whole bar is made of ice and inside you will be given provisional parkas and gloves so you can lift a nonalcoholic drink from a glass also made of ice , " said Lars Freden , Sweden 's ambassador to China . "  The Expo is one of the biggest exhibitions in China now , and I personally love Qingdao . " Freden first visited the city in 1980 . From ` shabby ' mines to ecological wonders Organizers say the Expo is meant to promote innovation in city planning and popularize a healthy , eco-friendly lifestyle . A section of the Expo is dedicated to eco-friendly technologies , such as an energy-saving water recycling system and waste-processing technologies . A botanical garden was designed to operate with a low carbon climate control system to regulate temperature for various plant-growing climates . The Expo is credited with transforming the site , which used to be dotted with mining pits notorious for degrading land and vegetation . "  By turning this shabby mining zone into an ecological city , we hope that both the city and the public will be more aware of how to maintain the balance between people and nature , " said Jiang Zehui , a Beijing-based official who attended the opening ceremony . Organizers say events such as the Expo benefit tourists and local residents alike . "  As you can see , the trash is gone , the road is clean , " said Wu Zhiqiang , an urban planning professor of Shanghai 's Tongji University and the chief Expo designer . Wu was one of the main designers of the Shanghai Expo in 2008 . Visitor info Tickets to the Expo range from 60 yuan  about $ 10  for evening admission to 120 yuan for single-day admission . Tourists can also get group and student passes . Cable cars and electric golf carts are available for a fee . For more info on displays and events visit Qingdaoexpo2014.org .	Chinese coastal city Qingdao hosting 2014 International Horticultural Expo Expo ends October 25 ; 12 million visitors expected The Expo 's 241-hectare Disneyland-style complex features exhibits , rides and live performances
New York  CNN  -- Ten Russians allegedly involved in intelligence gathering will be expelled from the United States in short order , in exchange for Russia 's release of four Russian prisoners accused of spying for the United States , officials from both countries said Thursday . The elaborately choreographed announcements emanating from both nation 's capitals described a case evocative of the Cold War . In Washington , Attorney General Eric Holder said none of the 10 had passed classified information and therefore none were charged with espionage . "  They were acting as agents to a foreign power , " he told CBS News , referring to the Russians who had been under observation by federal authorities for more than a decade . All of their children have been repatriated , he said . But White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emmanuel told PBS "  NewsHour " that , although they did n't plead guilty to being spies , they "  were clearly caught in the business of spying . " Carlos Moreno , a lawyer representing two of the Russians , told CNN Thursday night that all 10 were in a detention center in New York City . They were to be taken to an airport in the city later Thursday or Friday , put on a plane provided by the Russian government , and flown directly to Moscow , he said . In a conference call with reporters , senior administration officials said the 10 Russians agreed never to return to the United States without permission from the U.S. government . Holding them would have conferred no security benefit to the nation , they said . This "  clearly serves the interests of the United States , " one official said . A second official said the four prisoners in Russia were in failing health , a consideration that prompted quick completion of the deal . Under the plea agreements , the defendants disclosed their true identities in court and forfeited assets attributable to the criminal offenses , the Justice Department said in a news release . "  The defendants known as ` Richard Murphy ' and ` Cynthia Murphy ' admitted they are Russian citizens named Vladimir Guryev and Lydia Guryev and are agents of the Russian Federation , " it said . "  Defendants ` Michael Zottoli ' and ` Patrica Mills ' admitted they are Russian citizens named Mikhail Kutsik and Natalia Pereverzeva , and are agents of the Russian Federation ; "  Defendants ` Donald Howard Heathfield ' and ` Tracey Lee Ann Foley ' admitted they are Russian citizens named Andrey Bezrukov and Elena Vavilova , and are agents of the Russian Federation ; " ` Juan Lazaro ' admitted that he is a Russian citizen named Mikhail Anatonoljevich Vasenkov and is an agent of the Russian Federation ; Defendants Vicky Pelaez , Anna Chapman and Mikhail Semenko , who operated in the United States under their true names , admitted that they are agents of the Russian Federation ; and Chapman and Semenko admitted they are Russian citizens , " the Justice Department said . Authorities have lost track of an 11th suspect , who was detained in Cyprus , released on bail and then failed to check in with authorities as he had promised to do . In Moscow , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree Friday pardoning the four individuals imprisoned for alleged contact with Western intelligence agencies , the Kremlin press service said , according to state-run RIA Novosti . Though the four Russians were released to the custody of the United States , that does not necessarily mean they would go to the United States , an embassy spokesman said . "  Three of the Russian prisoners were convicted of treason in the form of espionage on behalf of a foreign power and are serving lengthy prison terms , " the Justice Department said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba M. Wood . "  The Russian prisoners have all served a number of years in prison and some are in poor health . The Russian government has agreed to release the Russian prisoners and their family members for resettlement . " It added , "  Some of the Russian prisoners worked for the Russian military , and/or for various Russian intelligence agencies . Three of the Russian prisoners have been accused by Russia of contacting Western intelligence agencies while they were working for the Russian  or Soviet  government . " The individuals pardoned by Russia are Alexander Zaporozhsky , Gennady Vasilenko , Sergei Skripal and Igor Sutyagin . All four appealed to the Russian president to free them after admitting their crimes against the Russian state , press secretary Natalia Timakova said . The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the move was made "  in the general context of improving Russian-American relations , and the new dynamic they have been given , in the spirit of basic agreements at the highest level between Moscow and Washington on the strategic character of Russian-American partnership . " Meanwhile , a lawyer for Sutyagin , who was convicted in Russia in 2004 for spying for U.S. intelligence services , said her client arrived Thursday in Vienna , RIA-Novosti reported . Sutyagin was convicted in 2004 of passing secret data to members of U.S. intelligence services acting as employees of a British company called Alternative Futures , in exchange for monetary rewards in 1998-1999 . But in Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner denied Thursday that Sutyagin had been a spy . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty , Eden Pontz , Deb Feyerick and Raelyn Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : Holder : none passed classified info NEW : Emmanuel : "  Caught in the business of spying " Expulsion of 10 suspected spies is to occur quickly , federal officials say The suspects on Thursday plead guilty to failing to register as foreign agents
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A judge has ordered the children of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to meet in their capacity as the sole shareholders of the corporation that manages their iconic father 's estate . Dexter King has denied taking "  substantial funds " from his parents ' estates . King 's children were in Fulton County , Georgia , Superior Court Monday in a dispute over their parents ' estates . Two children of the civil rights icon are suing their brother , accusing him of wrongfully taking money from their parents ' estates . The Rev. Bernice King and Martin Luther King III allege Dexter King took "  substantial funds " out of Coretta Scott King 's estate and "  wrongfully appropriated " money from their father 's estate . Dexter King has publicly denied the accusations . It was unclear what outcome having a shareholder meeting for the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. , Inc. would have on the dispute . The three siblings have not held such a meeting since 2004 , corporation attorney Luke Lantta said . The removal of Dexter King as the estate 's administrator is unlikely because that would require a meeting of the board of directors . Judge Ural Glanville on Monday also ruled in favor of dismissing some of the allegations against Dexter King , but left the question of whether he failed to act in the best interest of his father 's incorporated estate to a jury . A trial on the allegation of breach of fiduciary duty could happen as early as next month . The lawsuit reveals a very public fissure in an iconic family that has always professed unity , particularly as questions have swirled around some of their financial dealings . Martin Luther King III and Bernice King were in the courtroom Monday , but Dexter King was not . He had been injured in an accident in California and did not make the trip to Georgia . Dexter King had filed a counter claim against his sister , asking the court to force her to hand over to the corporation some items that belonged to Martin Luther King Jr. . In a special hearing Monday , the court ruled that the items , including Martin Luther King Jr. 's Nobel Peace Prize and his love letters to Coretta Scott King will be turned over to the court to hold until a resolution is reached . The courtroom was packed with supporters of the King family . Among those in attendance were the Rev. Joseph Lowery and former Ambassador Andrew Young , friends of Martin Luther King Jr. who worked with him during the civil rights movement . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Two of King 's children accuse third of wrongfully taking money from estates Dexter King has denied claims by Bernice King , Martin Luther King III Civil rights icons at courthouse to support family
CNN  -- A previously unheard recording of Martin Luther King Jr. discussing John F. Kennedy will be played Monday in the place where the civil rights leader was assassinated . King 's comments are on a 53-year-old reel-to-reel tape discovered in a Tennessee attic several years ago . But the last several minutes are only now being made public . The civil rights leader is heard discussing Kennedy 's role in securing his release from a Georgia prison after he was sentenced to four months of hard labor for a traffic violation two weeks before the election that sent Kennedy to the White House . Then-Sen . Kennedy placed a call to Coretta Scott King against the advice of close advisers , expressing his concern to King 's wife . His brother , Robert Kennedy also called the Georgia judge who had sentenced King to the chain gang and denied him bond . King was freed the next day . MLK Jr. interview found in Tennessee attic The interviewer asked Dr. King if he thought Kennedy had any influence on his release . "  Well , I would say first that many forces worked together to bring about my release , " King said . "  I do n't think any one force brought it about , but you had a plurality of forces working together . I 'm sure that the interest of the public , in general , all over America had something , a great deal to do with it . " In fact , Atlanta Mayor William Hartsfield was working to negotiate King 's release from incarceration , which began with his arrest during a protest eight days earlier , according to Taylor Branch 's historical account in his book , "  Parting the Waters . " "  Now , it is true that Sen. Kennedy did take a specific step , " King said . "  He was in contact with officials in Georgia during my arrest and he called my wife , made a personal call and expressed his concern and said to her that he was working and trying to do something to make my release possible . " John F. Kennedy made the call to King 's wife at the urging of his brother-in-law Sargent Shriver , but out of the presence of campaigns aides who were concerned it could cost him southern support in the election 13 days away , Branch wrote . A special class with MLK Robert Kennedy , who was initially upset when he found out about the call , reversed himself later that day and placed his own call to the judge , Branch wrote . King told the interviewer he thought it had "  some part " in his release . "  His brother , who at that time was his campaign manager , also made direct contact with officials and even a judge in Georgia , so the Kennedy family did have some part , at least they expressed a concern and they did have some part in the release , but I must make it clear that many other forces worked to bring it about also . " The Kennedys ' intervention is credited with shifting support of Black voters in crucial northern states to the Kennedy side and away from Richard Nixon , whose campaign only offered a "  no comment " when asked about the civil rights leader 's imprisonment . The recording is from an interview conducted on December 21 , 1960 , in Chattanooga , Tennessee , by a man who intended to write a book about the civil rights movement . He never finished the book and the tape was lost until the man 's son rediscovered it five decades later while rummaging through dilapidated boxes left there by his father . The first five minutes , in which King discusses his definition of nonviolence and its importance in the civil rights movement , was made public in 2012 . "  I would ... say that it is a method which seeks to secure a moral end through moral means , " he said . "  And it grows out of the whole concept of love , because if one is truly nonviolent that person has a loving spirit , he refuses to inflict injury upon the opponent because he loves the opponent . " King continued , "  I am convinced that when the history books are written in future years , historians will have to record this movement as one of the greatest epics of our heritage , " he said . "  It represents struggle on the highest level of dignity and discipline . " In another part of the recording , King describes his visit to Nigeria and the importance of the civil rights movement in the United States and abroad . Kennedy White House had jitters ahead of 1963 March on Washington "  There is quite a bit of interest and concern in Africa for the situation in the United States . African leaders in general , and African people in particular are greatly concerned about the struggle here and familiar with what has taken place , " he said , "  We must solve this problem of racial injustice if we expect to maintain our leadership in the world , and if we expect to maintain a moral voice in a world that is two-thirds color . " Keya Morgan , a collector and expert on rare historical artifacts , brokered its sale to illusionist David Copperfield , who then donated the tape to the National Civil Rights Museum , which is housed in the Lorraine Motel in Memphis . King was shot to death standing on a balcony of the Memphis , Tennessee , motel on April 4 , 1968 . The entire recording will be played Monday in the last room where the civil rights leader slept . "  When I heard it , I got goose bumps all over , " Morgan said , "  It feels like he 's sitting in your living room and talking to you . " "  It gave me chills , " Copperfield told CNN in September 2012 , when he bought the tape for an undisclosed amount . It was striking because the recording revealed King in a relaxed mood , he said . "  We 've heard Dr. King talk about peaceful change in the public forum , but this is an audio tape of him talking conversationally , " he said . "  I 'm certainly no expert , but it 's the first time I 've ever heard him in that context and I was very moved by it . " Copperfield said he gave the recording to the museum because it "  is just the right thing to do . " "  He 's certainly one of the great inspirational figures in history , " Copperfield said . "  So much of what I do , in my own little way , is making people dream , transporting them , making them think differently . That 's what magic does . His dream was far greater than any entertainer can provide . " The greatest MLK speeches you never heard	The civil rights leader discusses Kennedy 's role in getting him freed from prison The recording was found in a Tennessee attic after five decades Illusionist David Copperfield bought the tape and gave it to a museum "  It gave me chills , " Copperfield says
CNN  -- Usain Bolt carved his name in the Olympic record books Thursday by claiming gold in the 200 meters in London as he led a Jamaican sweep of the medal positions . The 25-year-old Bolt became the first man in Games history to defend both the 100 and 200 meters titles , which he had won in such convincing style at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . His teammate and training partner Yohan Blake chased him all the way up the finishing straight to take the silver medal . Warren Weir completed a one-two-three for Jamaica in a personal best time of 19.84 seconds . Bolt was outside his own world record with a winning time of 19.32 seconds , while Blake clocked 19.44 seconds . Wallace Spearmon was fourth for the United States . Photos : Striking the Bolt pose The 25-year-old Bolt won the 100m final Sunday in 9.63 seconds , again relegating Blake to second place . "  It 's the one I wanted I 'm very proud of myself , " Bolt told BBC Sport . "  I did n't get a world record -- I really wanted to do it in the 200m -- but I 'm happy . " Blake added : "  Usain Bolt has been motivating me all season . Everything has been going good so far . " The pair , who are both coached by Glen Mills , will form a formidable half of Jamaica 's 4x100 meters relay squad as they look to defend their Beijing title . Victory in the relay would give Bolt his sixth Olympic gold medal . An epic night was kick started by a sensational victory in the men 's 800m for David Rudisha of Kenya . Rudisha ran one minute 40.91 seconds to break his own world record , the first in the track and field events at the Games . The 23-year-old led from start to finish and was never seriously challenged , despite a superb run by 18-year-old silver medalist Nijel Amos of Botswana . Can ` power posing ' like Bolt make you a winner ? Amos clocked one minute 41.73 seconds , matching the former world record time set by London Games chief Sebastian Coe back in 1981 , which stood for 16 years . Another teenager , 17-year-old Timothy Kitum of Kenya , took the bronze in one minute 42.53 seconds . Rudisha , who was inspired by Coe 's exploits , had promised him something special and did not disappoint . "  I was well prepared and had no doubt about winning , " he told BBC Sport . "  I was waiting for perfect conditions to break the record and decided to go for it , " he added . The qualifiers for the final of the women 's 800 meters were led by gender row athlete Caster Semenya of South Africa . Semenya showed the form that took her to the world championship in 2009 in Berlin , easing up to win in one minute 57.67 seconds . American Christian Taylor won the men 's triple jump with a 17.81 meters effort to add to his world title from Daegu last year . The artist who turned Usain Bolt from track legend to street hero U.S. teammate Will Claye finished in the silver medal position with Italy 's Fabrizio Donato taking bronze . There was further gold medal success for the United States in the decathlon as world record holder Ashton Eaton won with 8,869 points . He ended 198 points clear of teammate and two-time world champion Trey Hardee with Cuba 's Leonel Suarez taking the bronze . Eaton broke the world mark with 9039 points at the U.S. trials in June where 2008 Olympic champion Bryan Clay failed to make the team after falling in the 110 meters hurdles . The final gold medal of a remarkable evening went to Barbora Spotakova of the Czech Republic , who successfully defended her javelin title with a throw of 69.55 meters . The 31-year-old dominated the competition and four of her efforts would have been good enough for victory . Germany 's Christina Obergfoll and Linda Stahl won the silver and bronze . Bolt : ' I can break the record '	Usain Bolt wins men 's 200m gold to complete historic sprint double David Rudisha of Kenya breaks his own world record in the men 's 800m Rudisha takes gold in one minute 40.91 seconds Caster Semenya qualifies fastest for women 's 800m final
CNN  -- With only 100 days before the kick-off of the first World Cup to be staged in Africa , the host country 's officials are confident that the footballing showpiece will be a success . South Africa 's Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe told guests at a 100 Day Banquet in Durban to begin the countdown that his nation is ready to welcome the 32 competing teams and their supporters . Sepp Blatter , the president of world soccer 's ruling body FIFA , was also present at the gala dinner . "  As we mark 100 days to the start of the 2010 FIFA World Cup , we do so with immense pride , " Motlanthe said in a speech quoted on FIFA 's Web site on Tuesday . Have your say on the World Cup . Click here to become a CNN Super Fan . "  We are proud because , in many respects , we are able to pronounce ourselves ready to welcome the world three months ahead of schedule . "  We have gathered here to begin a countdown to the greatest football tournament on earth . "  On behalf of the Republic of South Africa , I wish to extend our gratitude to all the men and women who have worked on the World Cup project and those who are still working on the last phase of our preparations . " When the tournament was handed to South Africa in 2004 , many critics expressed doubts that sufficient infrastructure would be put in place to make such a huge undertaking possible . FIFA was quick to deny rumors that there was a back-up plan should South Africa not be ready for 2010 , but a strike by construction workers in 2009 over pay led to more fears that the stadia would not be completed in time for this year 's June 11 kick-off . However , the chairman of the 2010 FIFA World Cup Organizing Committee South Africa , Dr Irvin Khoza , said that the tournament was now almost a reality . "  When the countdown started there were 2,218 days -- we did not count in years and months . But when you arrive at 100 days it is the last three-digit number on the countdown , " he said on FIFA 's Web site . "  It is within this time period when people start applying for their leave , plan for their travel and even pay . People no longer say they are going to South Africa . They say ' I am flying to Durban , on this airline and staying in this hotel . ' "  I would like to thank our people . Together , as South Africans and Africans , we have faced doubters and skeptics , we have faced critics and opponents . "  We have heard people say we can not finish stadiums . We have heard people say we can not provide safety and security . We have heard people say we can not host the FIFA World Cup . "  Today , 100 days before the opening match , I ask you to recall the words of US President , Barack Obama . Can we stage an outstanding World Cup in Africa ? Yes we can , we are waiting and we are ready . "	Only 100 days before the kick-off of the first World Cup to be staged in Africa Officials of host country South Africa are confident that the tournament will be a success A banquet in Durban kicked off the countdown to the start of the showpiece on June 11 South Africa 's deputy president insists the nation is ready to welcome the soccer world
CNN  -- "  He 's so good , " Phil Everly said . We were sitting in a corner booth at a rural cafeteria in Muhlenberg County , Kentucky . Phil was talking about his older brother , Don . Having spent time with the Everly Brothers on the rock-and-roll road over the years , I had long noticed something : Whenever they were performing , Phil fastened his eyes right on Don 's . As they were creating their heartbreaking harmonies , he seldom looked away . I did n't want to ask him about that in front of his brother , but , with just the two of us there , I did . "  I have to pay attention every second with my harmonies , " Phil said . "  It 's like playing tennis with someone who is really great . You ca n't let your mind wander for even a microsecond , or you 'll be left behind . " When Phil died this month at the age of 74 , I recalled that conversation . I first met him and Don during my years on tour with Jan and Dean ; there were occasions when we found ourselves as part of shows at the same venues , sharing the same backstage areas , dining at the same pre-concert buffets . There are a lot of unlikely things that I managed to become used to during those years , but one thing I could never get over -- one thing that never ceased to feel like a dream -- was knowing the Everly Brothers . Their talent , the beauty of their voices , was something not entirely of this Earth . They were a miracle . I was still of elementary school age when , early one morning , the clock radio snapped to life and before I could open my eyes a new song sounded in the darkness : "  Bye Bye Love , " two voices blending in a way I 'd never heard before , and it was electric , it was that kind of unanticipated jolt . The disc jockey said the singers were called the Everly Brothers , and the thought that I would ever meet them , get to know them , travel with them , would not have seemed possible . But such things , if you 're very lucky , can happen . In the days after Phil 's death , the tributes to him from fellow musicians made me understand anew that , as famous and accomplished as those singers are , they , too , were in awe of him . Paul McCartney said that he and John Lennon used to pretend they were the Everly Brothers : "  When John and I first started to write songs , I was Phil and he was Don . Years later when I finally met Phil , I was completely starstruck and at the same time extremely impressed by his humility and gentleness of soul . " Paul Simon : "  Phil and Don were the most beautiful sounding duo I ever heard . " Vince Gill : "  I honestly believe I 've spent the last 40 years , on every record I 've been part of for somebody else , trying to be an Everly . ... I 've spent my whole life chasing that beautiful , beautiful blend . " In the five years starting in 1957 they had 25 top-40 hits -- "  Bye Bye Love , " "  Wake Up Little Susie , " "  All I Have to Do Is Dream , " "  Cathy 's Clown , " "  Til  I Kissed You , " "  Let It Be Me , " so many others -- but the numbers are the least of it . The sound of their voices was so pure , so achingly gorgeous , that to listen was to be humbled and filled with wonder . It 's not surprising at all that , across the Atlantic Ocean , of course the young-and-unknown Paul McCartney and the young-and-unknown John Lennon would listen to the Everlys on imported-from-the-U.S. records and try to be just like them . When I heard that Phil had died , I sat and did my best to recall moments in his presence , not wanting to forget a single second of them . He was soft-spoken and seemingly quite shy ; there was an underlay of pain that somehow felt omnipresent , and that he did n't feel compelled to dwell upon . Music fans remember the death of Buddy Holly in 1959 , but few recall the funeral . Phil did : He , not yet old enough to vote , was one of Holly 's pallbearers . Whatever may have hurt and disheartened Phil , he did n't bother other people with , but you could find it in his music . The first words to a song he wrote later in 1959 , and that he and Don recorded : "  I 've been made blue / I 've been lied to / When will I be loved ? " The fact that he and Don went through long periods of estrangements and silence is not a secret , but the silences ended each time a show began . The breathtaking sound of those voices intertwining was enough to bring listeners to tears . On Labor Day weekend in 1999 they made a trip together to the woods and hills of the part of Kentucky coal country where their father had gone to work in the mines at the age of 12 . I was writing a column for Life magazine at the time ; the Everlys invited me to come along . Don and Phil drove separate cars . I rode with Don up Route 431 in Muhlenberg County . He said : "  The town where I was born does n't exist anymore . It was called Brownie -- just a few miles from here . It was a coal mining camp . When the coal was all gone , they tore the town down . " Later that day I sat in that bare-bones cafeteria with Phil , and he told me : "  There 's an acceptance of us here . They know who we are . They know our kin . " The brothers , on the strength of their hits , found a life for themselves far from the old coal mines . But if they never quite fit in with the gleaming and glitzy rock idols who were their fan-magazine-cover contemporaries , it 's probably because , as boys , they had so little in common with the others . "  I had this haunted feeling all my life , " Don said to me one day in Kentucky . "  Of being odd man out . " I told Don what Phil had said : how Phil had explained his reason for staring into Don 's eyes as they sang , how Phil had said how much he admired his brother 's gift . Don told me : "  It 's like a third person . When Phil and I sing , there are times that what comes out is not either of us , but the voice of a third person . " On that trip we had been joined by the great Life photographer Harry Benson . Late one afternoon , by the shore of Lake Adela , with forest all around , the four of us watched the sun getting ready to set . There had been a drought -- little rain for summer months on end . The brothers stood there in the quiet and then Phil turned to Don , gestured toward the treeline , and said : "  It 's browner this year . " Don , looking toward the water 's surface , said : "  The lake 's down . " The shorthand of home . Whatever friction may have divided them from time to time , they never took it out on their audiences . When I asked Phil about it -- the constant effort to excel -- he said : "  We 've never tried to fluff it . We 've always tried to make it better . " That they did . One of my favorite songs of theirs was never a major hit : "  Gone , Gone , Gone . " Yet with Phil 's passing the thought occurs that , because of the music he and Don gave us , he , and they , never will be gone . And that long-ago question of Phil 's -- "  When will I be loved ? " -- has an easy answer : Forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : The Everly Brothers had a talent that was extraordinary In five years , they had 25 hits in the Top 40 charts , he writes Despite frictions between Phil and Don Everly , they were masters at working together , Greene says Greene : Paul McCartney and John Lennon used to pretend that they were the Everly Brothers
CNN  -- Fernando Verdasco ended Novak Djokovic 's hopes of winning the Rome Masters after an epic three-hour victory took the Spaniard into the last four . Verdasco eventually beat the world number two from Serbia 7-6 3-6 6-4 in three hours 18 minutes to seal a semifinal berth and record his 12th win in 13 matches . He will now face either Jo-Wilfried Tsonga or David Ferrer in the semifinals - his third in as many weeks . Verdasco lost in the final to Rafael Nadal in Monte-Carlo two weeks ago before winning the Barcelona Open last week . Verdasco twice went up a break in a hard-fought opener but both times Djokovic pegged him back , once when he was serving for the set . The tie-break went 7-4 in the world number nine 's favor . Djokovic hit back in the second set , giving Verdasco the runaround and breaking three times on his way to a 6-3 success . But in the decider Verdasco broke Djokovic 's serve in the third game and held on through some long and dramatic rallies to claim it 6-4 .	Fernando Verdasco beats Novak Djokovic 7-6 3-6 6-4 in Rome Masters quarterfinal Three-set epic takes three hours and 18 minutes Verdasco will now face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga or David Ferrer in the last four
CNN  -- Kurdish forces backed by U.S. air cover made gains Friday against ISIS fighters in Iraq 's Mosul province as NATO leaders concluded a summit in Wales , pledging to help defeat the radical Islamic forces . The Kurdish fighters , known as the Peshmerga , retook several villages seized this summer in ISIS ' lightning assault in Iraq as well as high ground overlooking plains on the approach to Mosul , CNN 's Anna Coren reported . "  It is a duty of everybody who loves democracy and freedom and human rights to struggle against the terrorists , " said Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Rowsch Shaways , a Kurd . U.S. forces conducted four airstrikes Friday around Mosul Dam and in Irbil , destroying an observation post , several vehicles and three mortar positions , U.S. Central Command said . Who is the ISIS ? In Kirkuk province , ISIS fighters kidnapped nearly 50 men from the village of Tal Ali after beating them , according to Kurdish security forces . ISIS ordered residents to fight the Peshmerga before leaving , the Kurdish officials said . In Wales , President Barack Obama said NATO allies were committed to fighting ISIS . "  It 's not going to happen overnight , but we 're steadily moving in the right direction , " Obama said . What can U.S. do against ISIS and could it work ? NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said alliance members "  stand ready to assist Iraq " in its fight against ISIS , but neither he nor British Prime Minister David Cameron suggested there are immediate plans to send combat troops . "  For Britain 's part we do n't rule anything out . We 'll act on our national interest , " Cameron said in response to a reporter 's question about committing troops . "  I think in terms of the sort of decisions you 're talking about , we 're not at that stage yet , and I think it 's very important that what we do is part of a comprehensive plan . " In addition to conducting some 131 airstrikes against ISIS targets in the last several weeks , the United States has sent military advisers to Iraq to help with strategies to combat ISIS . Canada -- a NATO member -- said Friday it also will send "  several dozen " troops to Iraq to help advise that country 's government on fighting ISIS , Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's office said . Inside the mind of an ISIS fighter Journalist Zilemo Aziz in Irbil , Iraq , contributed to this report .	Kurdish Peshmerga forces battle ISIS in Mosul province U.S. conducts airstrikes near Mosul Dam and in Irbil ISIS fighters kidnap 50 men from Kirkuk village , warning residents to fight Peshmerga "  We 're steadily moving in the right direction , " President Obama says of ISIS fight
CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande restated his country 's support for debt-stricken Greece Saturday , but stressed that it must live up to its reform commitments . Hollande spoke alongside Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras in Paris , following the first meeting between the two leaders since their respective elections this summer . Hollande said there was "  no question " that Greece should remain in the eurozone , the 17-nation single currency area , and that two-and-a-half years of speculation over its potential exit should end . But , he said , Greece has to meet its reform targets . "  Greece must stay in the eurozone and then again demonstrate credibility in its program , as well as the will of its leaders to get through this process and to make sure it is bearable for its people , " he said . Hollande also recognized the efforts already made by Greece , whose people have had to endure painful austerity measures and five years of recession . Samaras , elected three months ago , is on a two-day visit to Germany and France as he seeks to negotiate some breathing room for his debt-burdened government . The meeting with Hollande had been a chance to discuss "  the big threats , the big challenges but also the common prospects that Europe is facing , " Samaras said . He reiterated his government 's resolve to take the steps needed to keep Greece afloat . "  There are those who are speculating that Greece will not make it . I am here to reassure the French president that Greece is , today , determined to make it . And will make it , " he said . "  It will do what it takes to get out of the crisis and will remain , as the French president also said , in the eurozone and once again find its rightful role in Europe . " Success by Greece will help show that Europe can "  overcome its problems and , united , go forward , " he said . Samaras agreed that structural reforms were needed but stressed too the importance of development , saying that without it the economy would struggle to recover from recession . He added that the Greeks are a proud people , who "  do n't like to borrow and depend on borrowed money , " a point he also made after his talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel Friday . Greece 's international lenders , known as the troika , are due to complete a report on the country 's finances next month , on which rests Athens ' continued access to international bailout funds . Greece has been at the center of Europe 's long-running debt crisis , which is now threatening to envelop Spain and Italy and has shaken the global financial system . Even after a historic restructuring in March , Greece is still struggling to cope with a punishing debt load as its economy remains mired in a years-long recession . Many investors and economists believe there is at least a 50 % chance that Greece will leave the currency union , or be forced out , this year . However , speaking Friday in Berlin , Merkel said she was "  absolutely convinced " that Samaras and his partners in Greece 's coalition government were doing everything they could to solve the nation 's economic problems . The chancellor said twice that she wanted Greece to remain a member of the euro currency union . But she also argued that the euro crisis stemmed from a lack of trust , which she said must be rebuilt . "  I have made clear today that we absolutely expect from Greece that the promises which were made will also be kept , and implemented , " said Merkel . "  That actions will follow their promises . " Greece is widely believed to have gone off-track with its program following the political turmoil of this year 's elections , which left the nation without a fully functioning government for weeks . However , Samaras and his coalition partners have reportedly identified the roughly    11 billion in additional budget cuts that it needs to secure the latest installment of bailout money . Troika officials are set to return to Athens in early September to complete their review . That means eurozone finance ministers will probably not make a decision on Greece 's bailout money until they meet on October 8 . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Pierre Meilhan , Christine Theodorou and journalist Elinda Labopoulou contributed to this report .	Francois Hollande says Greece must "  demonstrate credibility " in its commitment to reform PM Antonis Samaras says Greece will "  will do what it takes to get out of the crisis " The two leaders meet in Paris for the first time since each was elected Greece is at the center of the eurozone 's long-running debt crisis
Ebola is very much on the minds of Americans , as 8 in 10 Americans believe someone new will be diagnosed with the disease in the coming weeks . But there is overwhelming confidence in the federal government 's ability to prevent a nationwide epidemic , a new CNN/ORC International Poll shows . More than 7 in 10 Americans say the federal government can stop an Ebola epidemic , and 54 % believe the federal government is doing a "  good job " in addressing the disease . The high marks on the government 's response to Ebola come at the same time that President Barack Obama 's overall approval rating is only 45 % and Americans are angry over the direction of the country . A slightly smaller majority of Americans , 53 % , think that hospitals and healthcare workers in their community are prepared to treat an Ebola case , but only 26 % believe that someone in their area will become infected with the disease in the next few weeks . "  Most Americans seem to recognize that they are not in personal jeopardy themselves , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In fact , the vast majority of Americans probably do n't know anyone who has ever been to West Africa . " The poll comes as a national discussion over how to process people traveling from the Ebola hot zones into the United States is taking place . It shows that only 3 in 10 Americans believe the U.S. government should prevent foreign citizens traveling from West Africa from entering the U.S , while 2 in 10 Americans say that U.S. citizens returning from the hot zone should be stopped from entering the country . A strong majority , though , are in favor of quarantining people who show signs of having contracted the disease . More than 7 in 10 Americans say the federal government should take steps to treat Ebola in both Africa and the U.S. , while 27 % believe that it should be addressed only here in the U.S. . The U.S. government has sent military troops to the hot zone to provide assistance . On Monday , 11 personnel including Army Major General Darryl A. Williams were placed under "  controlled monitoring " at a U.S. base in Italy after returning from West Africa . Americans are split 50 % to 48 % when asked if they would take an Ebola vaccine if it became available . In terms of the midterm elections , 36 % of Americans say Ebola will be "  extremely important " to their vote for Congress -- placing it right in the middle of the most important issues on people 's minds , according to the poll . Extremely Important to Your Vote for Congress  Economy 46 %  Terrorism 45 %  ISIS 41 %  Healthcare 41 %  Budget Deficit 38 %  Ebola 36 %  Immigration 32 %  Foreign Affairs 29 %  Gun Policy 28 %  Race Relations 24 %  Same-sex marriage 17 %	Majority of Americans say the federal government is doing a "  good job " responding to Ebola Finding comes as Obama 's approval rating is only 45 %
CNN  -- The Missouri man charged in the death of 12-year-old Adriaunna Horton made his first court appearance Monday to answer charges of murder , forceable rape , statutory rape and child kidnapping . Adriaunna was playing with her sisters in a park in Golden City last Monday when two other children saw her climb into a blue SUV . A state trooper arrested Bobby Bourne at a traffic stop in Golden City that night , driving the same SUV , and arrested him for child kidnapping . Though Bourne initially denied having anything to do with Adriaunna 's disappearance , he admitted during questioning that he was the one who picked her up and said he merely asked her about her father , Barton County Deputy Sheriff Vernon Ring said . Bourne said Adriaunna ran away from him , fell down , and died from the fall . He led investigators to a wooded area where they found the girl 's body , which had evidence of sexual assault and strangulation , Ring said . CNN affiliate KOLR reported the four charges Bourne now faces and said he attended his arraignment in a bulletproof vest , along with nine guards and a K9 unit . It could not immediately be determined if Bourne was being represented by an attorney . Golden City is in a rural section of southwest Missouri , about 25 miles east of the Kansas border . CNN 's Jennifer Feldman and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Adriaunna Horton went missing last Monday after climbing into a blue SUV A state trooper arrested Bobby Bourne that night at a traffic stop He faces charges including kidnapping , rape , and murder
Washington  CNN  -- A Navy SEAL team that fought its way upstairs at Osama bin Laden 's compound killed him with rapid-fire shots to his chest and forehead , according to a U.S. official who has seen military reports of the raid . The unarmed bin Laden , who the White House said put up some form of resistance , was moving when he was first shot , the official on Wednesday told CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told CNN that weapons were near bin Laden , who died on an upper floor of the compound toward the end of the nearly 40-minute raid . "  He was right there and going to get those arms . You really ca n't take a chance . " The official who had seen the report -- and other sources -- provided new details on the nighttime operation and bin Laden 's gruesome wounds , which were photographed . President Barack Obama , not wanting to inflame passions or appear to gloat , decided not to release a photo of bin Laden 's corpse , the White House said Wednesday . "  There 's a long history of images like that being used to rally opinion against people , to turn people into heroes , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said . A senior Democratic official close to the White House told CNN that Obama was "  never in favor " of releasing a photo . The photo decision -- following intense debate within the administration and by the public -- came as the United States continued pressing the Pakistani government on how it could not have known the al Qaeda leader was living near a military academy in Abbottabad when he was killed by U.S. special forces early Monday . The SEAL team is back on American soil , a senior U.S. official today CNN Wednesday night . Investigators , meanwhile , continued poring over materials gathered at bin Laden 's hideout . The haul includes 10 hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices , such as disks , DVDs and thumb drives , a senior U.S. official told CNN . The materials might provide clues on al Qaeda members and potential plots for future attacks . The commandos also recovered five cell phones , audio and video equipment , "  lots " of paper documents and some five guns , including AK-47s and pistols , a U.S. official told CNN homeland security correspondent Jeanne Meserve . The objects were "  hiding in plain sight , " according to the official , who described the material as a treasure trove of information . At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing Wednesday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said of evidence taken from the residence , "  As we glean information from that material , we will make appropriate decisions with regard to who might we add to the terrorist watch list , the no-fly list , all those things . " A U.S. official told CNN in the afternoon that no names have been added to the watch list . It appeared bin Laden had contingency plans while he stayed at the fenced compound . Bin Laden had 500 euros  about $ 745  in cash and two telephone numbers sewn into his clothing when he was killed , a congressional source present at a classified briefing on the operation Tuesday told CNN Wednesday . Photos taken shortly after the raid show three men lying dead in pools of blood and the wreckage of a U.S. helicopter abandoned during the assault . One of the dead men bears a family resemblance to bin Laden , but there was no confirmation of his identity . The al Qaeda leader 's adult son was among those killed in Monday 's attack by U.S. commandos , according to American officials . The pictures were published Wednesday by Reuters . The news agency says they were taken by a Pakistani security official about an hour after U.S. forces left bin Laden 's compound and that it is confident of the authenticity of the purchased images . The commandos took bin Laden 's body with them , U.S. officials have said . CIA Director Leon Panetta and Carney on Tuesday said the commandos fought their way up to the third floor of the compound , moving room to room . Bin Laden and his family lived on the second and third floors , Carney said . The U.S. official who described bin Laden 's last moments said the al Qaeda leader was "  moving " at the time he was initially shot . The official declined to describe those movements . Previously , another U.S. official said bin Laden was shot when he made a threatening move . When asked if bin Laden tried to grab a weapon or physically attack a commando , the official would only say , "  He did n't hold up his hands and surrender . " The first shot hit bin Laden in the chest and the second struck him in the forehead just above the left eye , the official told CNN . A photo shows a gunshot wound to the head above the left eye , with the skull partially blown away , according to two sources who have seen a photograph of bin Laden 's body . SEAL teams are trained , if at all possible , to take the first "  hit to kill " shot by aiming dead center between the eyes , and then with a chest shot , according to a military officer familiar with their tactics and techniques . If Bin Laden was moving , that first shot might not have been possible . The shots occurred so rapidly they were nearly simultaneous . One of bin Laden 's daughters has told Pakistani interrogators that she saw her father shot , a senior Pakistani intelligence source said Wednesday . The daughter , believed to be 12 or 13 years old , was among those left behind at the compound after Monday 's U.S. raid , the source said . U.S. officials said bin Laden 's wife was in the room with him and rushed at U.S. special operations forces , who then shot her in the leg . The Pakistani intelligence source told CNN Wednesday that four men at the compound were killed in addition to bin Laden : bin Laden 's son , two men who were brothers , and an unknown man . That conflicts with information provided by the White House , which said Tuesday that three men and one woman were killed in the operation , in addition to bin Laden . Because bin Laden was killed and buried at sea , the administration has been under some pressure to release a photo proving he was dead . The president noted that few credible people have questioned the death and that conspiracy theorists would not be satisfied with a photo , the senior Democratic official said . That position was supported by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the Democratic official said . "  We do n't trot out this stuff as trophies , " Carney quoted Obama as saying in an interview earlier Wednesday with the CBS News program "  60 Minutes . " "  This is somebody who was deserving of the justice he received , " Obama said in the interview . "  But we do n't need to spike the football . " Sen. Lindsay Graham , R-South Carolina , called Obama 's decision a "  mistake . " "  I know bin Laden is dead . But the best way to protect and defend our interests overseas is to prove that fact to the rest of the world , " he said in a written statement . Questions are mounting , meanwhile , about why Pakistan failed to locate or bring bin Laden to justice . According to two sources at a briefing Tuesday , Panetta told lawmakers that Pakistani officials either "  were involved or incompetent . Neither place is a good place to be . " The United States is asking Pakistan for information on who built and owned the compound where bin Laden lived , two senior U.S. officials said Wednesday . Pakistani government officials have insisted that they did not know bin Laden 's whereabouts . "  What worse statement can come than that we heard from Panetta ? " a senior Pakistani intelligence official said . "  I am afraid this statement is totally regrettable .  Panetta  of all people knows how much we have been doing . " The official , who did not want to be named , said his country had been generously sharing intelligence with its American counterparts . Husain Haqqani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , said his government will conduct an inquiry to find out how bin Laden managed to maintain residency there . The government was not complicit with bin Laden because having him there was harmful , Haqqani told PBS ' Charlie Rose . Any official who was aware of the fugitive 's presence and failed to act will be held accountable , he added . Obama , meanwhile , planned a visit Thursday to New York 's ground zero where the twin towers of the World Trade Center once stood . The towers fell in September 11 , 2001 , when al Qaeda hijackers flew commercial planes into them . Obama will take part in a wreath-laying ceremony and will meet with families of victims and first responders , but will not make remarks , White House spokesman Carney said . He characterized the event as "  bittersweet . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Nic Robertson , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Elise Labott , Tom Cohen , Jeanne Meserve , Pam Benson , Barbara Starr , Suzanne Kelly , Chris Lawrence , Jessica Yellin , John King , Ed Hornick , Shawna Shepherd and Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan ambassador vows inquiry Reuters photos show bodies , helicopter at compound News agency says they were taken by a Pakistani security official Bin Laden was near weapons when he was shot , Sen. Feinstein says
CNN  -- An SUV carrying almost two dozen undocumented immigrants crashed in Arizona over the weekend , killing 10 people and injuring several others , state police reported Sunday . This Ford Excursion was packed with 22 passengers inside when it crashed in Arizona late Saturday night . The Ford Excursion crashed at about 11:55 p.m. Saturday in a remote area about 30 miles north of the Mexican border , ejecting almost all the 22 passengers inside , police said in a statement . In addition to the dead , 12 people were hospitalized . The identity of the driver , passengers and owner of the Excursion were not released .	SUV is packed with almost two dozen undocumented immigrants Ford Excursion crashes about 30 miles north of Mexican border in remote area Almost all of the 22 people jammed inside are ejected from vehicle In addition to 10 dead , 12 people are hospitalized
CNN  -- Maurice Sendak , author of the classic children 's book "  Where the Wild Things Are , " has died , a spokeswoman for HarperCollins Publishers said Tuesday . He was 83 . Sendak illustrated nearly 100 books during a 65-year career , winning dozens of accolades as he endeared himself to generations of children reared on his fanciful stories . One critic called him "  the Picasso of children 's literature . " Former President Bill Clinton called him the "  king of dreams . " He died Tuesday in Danbury , Connecticut , of complications from a recent stroke . Born in Brooklyn the son of Polish immigrants , Sendak grew up to take a few night classes but largely taught himself as an artist . He is best known for "  Where the Wild Things Are . " It tells the story of a boy named Max who dresses in a white wolf costume and escapes his life at home by sailing to a remote land , where he discovers wild things who roar their terrible roars and gnash their terrible teeth . The book stirred controversy when it was first published in 1963 . Many librarians initially feared it would disturb children , but it has become a timeless classic well-stocked in bookstores and libraries around the world . "  Where the Wild Things Are " won the Caldecott Medal in 1964 , considered the most prestigious award for illustrated children 's books . The book was adapted into a feature-length film in 2009 . It was in the news again when President Obama read the story to children at this year 's White House Easter egg roll . Sendak also wrote "  In the Night Kitchen , " "  Chicken Soup with Rice , " and "  Alligators All Around , " among many others . In 1970 , he won the Hans Christian Andersen Medal for illustration , the only American ever to receive the honor . His entire body of work was recognized with the Laura Ingalls Wilder Award , given by the American Library Association . Sendak also received the first Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award in 2003 , an international prize for children 's literature established by the Swedish government . His books became children 's classics , but in an interview with The Atlantic last year , Sendak said he did n't set out to be known as a writer for children . "  I do n't know how to do a children 's book . I do n't even know what a children 's book is . I always know that my work is deemed suitable -- more suitable -- for children . I do n't believe that , but who cares ? Who cares ? " he said . His characters entered worlds "  where you do n't have to pretend to be civilized , " Sendak told The Atlantic about his book "  Bumble-Ardy . " "  Children can distort , and play with figures and ideas , with a fluidity that strains us -- which we grow out of , " he said . In 1980 , Sendak began designing sets and costumes for opera and ballet . According to his publisher , his productions for major houses in the United States and England included Mozart 's "  The Magic Flute , " Tchaikovsky 's "  The Nutcracker " and Humperdinck 's "  Hansel and Gretel . " His last book was inspired by his love for his brother , Jack , for whom he illustrated books . "  My Brother 's Book " will be published in February of next year .	Maurice Sendak dies of complications from a recent stroke He illustrated nearly 100 books during a 60-year career Among his most popular works is "  Where the Wild Things Are "
CNN  -- The sun is shining , barbecues are out , beaches are packed and the commute to work is slightly less crowded than normal . It can mean only one thing : football 's summer transfer window is upon us . Most managers hate it , fans are powerless to resist hourly updates on it ; sports journalists worldwide are consumed by it . With a further month of fevered speculation , rumor , counter-rumor and downright subterfuge to come before it closes , CNN tries to work out what it all means . Will he , wo n't he ? Every summer needs a transfer saga . Recent tradition tends to place an Arsenal player at the center of a heart-wrenching drama , with dastardly suitors attempting to steal him away from Arsene Wenger 's bosom . Usually , after a summer of emotionally charged hearsay , these players stick around to give the Arsenal boss one more chance to deliver the satisfaction they crave . But eventually , as with Patrick Vieira  Juventus  , Thierry Henry  Barcelona  , and Robin Van Persie  Manchester United  , the lure of new pastures proves too strong , and the bond is broken . This year , in a dramatic break from tradition , it is Arsenal 's turn to play the villain in the love triangle , and covet the prized assets of other clubs . Gonzalo Higuain proved to be nothing but a flirt , eventually finding Napoli more enticing than North London . While many label him a bad boy , Arsenal now seem only to have eyes for Luis Suarez . Faint heart , as they say , never won fair maid ; but only time will tell whether Arsenal 's seduction technique and slightly eccentric offers of  # 40 million , plus one pound , will be enough to tempt the controversial Uruguayan . But none of these great romances can hold a candle to events on the other side of North London . For weeks Tottenham Hotspur have been clinging desperately to Gareth Bale , begging him to remember the good times and promising that a top four finish in the Premier League can make him happy again . Real Madrid , meanwhile , have been suggestively whispering that , while he looks great in white , he 'd look even more fabulous in the white of the Castilian giants . Certainly the prospect of Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale on their respective wings is more than enough to get most Madrilenos salivating , but until this week it seemed that Spurs would keep their man . Now , however , things have changed ; the latest reports indicate the Londoners ' passion for Bale has cooled sufficiently for them to admit defeat . As with many a high-profile divorce , however , the scale of the pay-off should at least help to wipe away their tears . Vive la revolution ! Time was when the mere suggestion Chelsea or Manchester City were interested in a player pretty much put an end to transfer speculation ; indeed , when Edinson Cavani indicated he was ready to leave Napoli behind him , England seemed his inevitable destination . To the surprise of many , however , the towering striker opted to join the newly minted French champions , Paris Saint Germain , instead . The Premier League may still believe itself to be the world 's best , but this summer 's evidence shows that its spending power may be diminishing . What 's more , the traditional big three European leagues -- England , Spain and Italy -- can no longer have it all their own way . For a start the Bundesliga has already demonstrated its strength on and off the pitch , with trophies and multi-million dollar transfer fees alike . France 's Ligue 1 , however , is making a surprise bid to join the giants . The resurgence of Monaco , and their favorable tax rules for foreigners , has added a new string to the French elite 's increasingly impressive bow . Alongside their Qatari-backed Parisian rivals , Monaco are simply outbidding the big spenders , leaving the likes of Chelsea -- who they also beat to the signature of Falcao -- scratching their heads . Suddenly , French football seems a lot more interesting , and Jose Mourinho 's billionaire-backed Blues a little less potent . Austerity is for normal people All over Europe , austerity is biting hard . Unemployment , particularly among the young , is at eye-watering levels , and belts are being tightened accordingly . In England , where former Premier League perennials Coventry City have become the latest club to hit skid row , fans have also been protesting at high ticket prices . All the signs should point to a more sensible age of spending in the game . Of course , we 're talking about football here though -- a world where almost nothing makes any sense whatsoever . So while Spanish unemployment lines grow , talk of Real Madrid paying a record-obliterating $ 120 million for a player many argue they do n't really need seems absolutely genuine . In fact , according to a FIFA report , transfer spending over the first six months of 2013 sharply increased , while the list of multi-million dollar deals in this summer 's window grows almost daily . It remains to be seen whether spending in 2013 will set new records , but do n't bet against it . Are you ITK ? Everyone likes a bit of juicy gossip , and starved of the usual stuff to talk about , football fans in summer are particularly susceptible to a little tittle-tattle . The inexorable rise of Twitter has spawned a wave of people claiming to be "  ITK "  "  in the know "  -- particularly supposed agents . The most notorious of these fakes unmasked himself last year , but only after his  completely fabricated  rumors had found their way into the mainstream media . One hapless fan even bought a shirt with the name of an apparently done-deal transfer emblazoned on it . These days it is often hard to tell whether the rumor you have picked up on social media is anything more than a mischievous hoax , but fake agents are not just found on Twitter . A more insidious breed is also playing a highly damaging role in some young footballers ' careers . The problem is particularly acute in Africa , where an international scouting camp has been set up to help young players find genuine agents and avoid being exploited by chancers . Even experienced players can be hoodwinked , as Glasgow Rangers striker Francisco Sandanza discovered to his cost earlier this year . The Spaniard was sacked after details of an overly candid phone call with a man purporting to be an agent were made public , to the anger of his employers . Buyer beware . Footballers have feelings too Wayne Rooney is "  angry " and "  confused " . Gareth Bale is "  horrified " and "  distraught " . Meanwhile Arsene Wenger apparently experiences every defeat "  like a death " , so who knows how the Frenchman is coping as Arsenal keep missing out on their transfer targets . Footballers and their agents , managers and chairmen have been reaching for their thesauruses in an attempt to convey the sheer emotional turmoil that the transfer window brings . There are safety issues for the general public too : back in 2006 Ashley Cole almost "  crashed his car in disgust " when he heard Arsenal were only prepared to offer him  # 55,000 a week , rather than the  # 60,000 he had his heart set upon . Top footballers are fragile creatures . During this unsettling period , as they are forced to endure exotic beach holidays and wonder just how much money might be on the table , one really has to feel for them . Still , with just a matter of weeks to go until the Window closes , calm will soon be restored - at least until it reopens on January 1st , and the whole astonishing business gets underway once again .	The European football season has two transfer windows One runs in the offseason , the other throughout the month of January Gareth Bale and Luis Suarez are two high-profile EPL stars linked with moves French clubs Monaco and Paris Saint-Germain have spent heavily
New York  CNN  -- Two men have been arrested in a bold and bizarre jewelry store robbery involving crooks who disguised themselves in Hasidic Jewish attire , complete with hats and false beards , police announced Tuesday . But all was not as it seemed , according to police . The heist was actually an elaborate inside job set up by the store 's owners , who were $ 1 million in debt and six months behind on their rent , police said . The New York Police Department announced Tuesday that Atul Shah , 43 , and Mahaveer Kankariya , 43 , both of New Jersey , have been arrested on charges of grand larceny , insurance fraud and falsifying business records . The two men , co-owners of the Dialite Imports jewelry store in Manhattan 's diamond district , are in custody , authorities said . The costumed robbers connected to the crime remain at large . According to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne , two armed men casually walked into the commercial office building where Dialite Imports was located on the afternoon of December 31 , 2008 . They were dressed in traditional looking Orthodox-style clothing and quickly gained access to the store 's safe , spray-painting two security cameras in the process . The two thieves appeared to make off with about $ 4 million in diamonds and other jewels . Immediately after the robbery , Shah told the New York Post that his insurance company had instructed him to refrain from commenting about the heist . "  They told me I can not say anything right now , " he said at the time . But police said Tuesday that investigators became suspicious of the incident when it was discovered that Shah and Kankariya got a new insurance policy just before the apparent robbery . The owners of the jewelry company hired the two men "  to play the armed robbers and dressed them up as Hasidic Jews to avoid causing suspicion , " Browne said . The robbery and security camera footage of the two supposed orthodox outlaws gained particular attention because of the similarities between the staged robbery and the 2000 movie "  Snatch , " in which diamond thieves donned similar outfits for their burglary .	On New Year 's Eve 2008 , two people disguised as Hasidic Jews robbed jewelry store Heist was actually an elaborate inside job set up by the store 's owners , police say NYPD says co-owners were $ 1 million in debt and six months behind on their rent Two men charged with grand larceny , insurance fraud , falsifying business records
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Opposition fighters continued to push west , entering territory loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , but were quickly beaten back , rebels told CNN , as diplomats arrived Tuesday in London to discuss the crisis . The setback for the rebels highlights the tenuous nature of their recent gains and suggests they might face more resistance in the days to come . As they moved into Umm el Ghindel -- near Sirte , Gadhafi 's birthplace -- rebels began searching homes and found that Gadhafi 's forces had armed residents in the area , they said . As they were talking to residents , asking them to join the opposition , gunfire broke out . Rebels told CNN they refused to fire back and began a hasty retreat . A stream of vehicles could be seen fleeing the area . CNN could not independently confirm details of the report . Earlier , a wounded rebel with bandages on the left side of his head and face described what happened Monday about 30 kilometers  nearly 20 miles  from Sirte , near the city 's main entrance . He said he and a group of fellow opposition fighters came across a group of Gadhafi forces who raised a white flag -- a suggestion that they would not shoot . But as the opposition approached the group , Gadhafi forces fired on them indiscriminately , killing some of the opposition members and wounding others , the rebel told CNN 's Arwa Damon . Vehicles were destroyed as well , he said . Rebels credited coalition airstrikes with helping them regain ground , noting that they had encountered little resistance as they headed west over the weekend . But they said Monday that they need more airstrikes to advance further . Coalition officials say they are enforcing a U.N. Security Council resolution approved on March 17 that creates a no-fly zone above Libya and mandates the protection of civilians . Taking Sirte would be a symbolic victory for the rebels , who regained control of several significant towns over the weekend as coalition airstrikes continued . Rebels said the fight to take over Sirte could be their toughest and bloodiest battle yet . Opposition forces claimed to have gained control of the town of Ras Lanuf on Sunday . The opposition also appeared to have taken control of the key oil town of Brega . Those victories marked a comeback for the ragtag group of amateur soldiers who are unified by one mission : toppling Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . On Monday , opposition troops and Gadhafi 's security forces battled over the town of Nawfaliya . Rebel forces told CNN they had gained control of the city . CNN could hear explosions and see plumes of smoke in the area of Nawfaliyah and Sirte . In Misrata , where rebel fighters have said they have been under siege for weeks , CNN 's Nic Robertson saw evidence of heavy fighting and damage Monday when the government organized a trip for reporters to the city . Government forces said they were in control of Misrata , though they did not allow Robertson and others into the city center , which rebels have said they control . Meanwhile , diplomats from around the world began arriving in London Tuesday for a conference on the crisis in Libya . More than 40 foreign ministers , representatives from regional groups and top diplomats are expected to attend , including U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , British Prime Minister David Cameron , Chairman of the African Union Jean Ping and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . U.S. President Barack Obama delivered a speech about Libya Monday , making his case for military intervention amid tough calls for him to clarify the United States ' role in the U.N.-authorized military mission . He stressed the United States has a strategic interest in stopping the Libyan leader , and said "  history is not on Gadhafi 's side . " Despite the pressure for more international action , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov complained Monday that the coalition 's actions seemed to expand beyond the U.N. resolution 's scope . "  There are reports -- which go undenied -- that the air forces of the coalition conduct airstrikes on Gadhafi 's troops and support the military actions of rebels . There is an obvious controversy there , " he told reporters in Moscow . "  We believe that the interference into what is , essentially , an internal civil war is not sanctioned by the U.N. Security Council resolution . " Russia abstained from voting on the U.N. Security Council resolution but did not veto it . Libyan government officials have also argued that coalition forces target only troops loyal to Gadhafi . "  The rebels are making their advance and no one is stopping them . And no one is even talking to them or saying , ` Where are you going ? ' or ` Why are you taking offensive positions and attacking the Libyan army and Libyan cities ? ' " Moussa Ibrahim , a Libyan government spokesman , told reporters in Tripoli Sunday . He accused NATO of "  starving the Libyan population to get Libya on its knees to beg for mercy . " "  They are trying to weaken our spirits . They are not trying to protect civilians , " he said . NATO , which has 28 member countries , formally approved plans Sunday to take control of enforcing the U.N. Security Council resolution . The coalition enforcing the resolution has been led by the United States , the United Kingdom and France . "  Our mandate is very clear . We 're there to protect civilians against attacks . No more , no less , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told CNN . Rasmussen said military commanders will make decisions on day-to-day operations within the framework NATO members agreed upon over the weekend . He declined to discuss specific rules of engagement , but stressed that NATO also is enforcing an arms embargo in Libya . "  We are not in Libya to arm people , but to protect people , " he said . On Monday , Libyan state television displayed images of injured people in a hospital and destroyed buildings as it reported that civilians were wounded when bombs struck the central Libyan city of Sabha in the early morning hours . CNN was unable to independently verify that report . U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney said at the Pentagon Monday that there have been no confirmed civilian casualties in Libya as a result of coalition activity . Also Monday , video footage emerged online purporting to show forces loyal to Gadhafi abusing prisoners . CNN was not able to confirm the authenticity of the video or determine exactly when and where it was shot . In the clip , soldiers are seen taunting and slapping prisoners , who are crouched in the back of a truck with their hands bound . Qatar announced Monday that it would recognize the Transitional National Council , composed of opposition representatives , as the sole legitimate representative of the Libyan people . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Paula Newton , Maxim Tkachenko and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. President Obama makes his case for intervention in Libya NEW : Diplomats prepare to meet in London Rebels enter Gadhafi loyalist territory , then flee gunfire , they say Libyan state television claims civilians are injured from Sabha bombing
CNN  I was 8 when I watched my first and only Republic Day parade in my home in India . Back then , long before Delhi 's population swelled to its current 20 million , the streets seemed wide and open and my eyes feasted on a sea of saffron , green and white , the colors of my country 's flag . The annual January 26 parade celebrates the day in 1950 when a newly independent Republic of India adopted its first constitution . It 's India 's showiest moment of pride , when patriotism trumps all and the nation lays out its culture , accomplishments and military might for the world to see . This year , President Barack Obama will see the festivities firsthand . He 's the first U.S. leader India has invited to be the guest of honor and the first president to visit India twice in his tenure . That 's a sign , I believe , of how far India has come from the nation of my childhood . Back then , I stood in the crowd thinking of things I learned in school about India 's rich history and valiant struggle for freedom from British colonizers . But it was impossible to forget I was born in the "  Third World . " Signs of poverty and despair were everywhere . I often heard this refrain : "  The East shall rise again . " But I held no expectations , no hopes , really , that my homeland would ever be any different . Not in my lifetime . But over the last two decades , I have been going home to a radically transformed India , one that has experienced immense economic growth and social change . Now , Obama is making history with his trip . He 'll stand with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Rajpath , the grand avenue that leads to India Gate , Delhi 's version of the Arc de Triomphe . Obama will also be meeting Modi for the second time within the span of a few months ; the two met at the White House at the end of September on Modi 's first trip as prime minister to the United States . All this indicates India 's arrival on the global stage . Rick Rossow of the Center for Strategic and International Studies put it this way : "  It 's a big deal . There 's no better way to put it . " Modi 's invitation to Obama , say India experts , is a simple but extremely important gesture that could jump-start relations between the two countries . Modi 's a controversial figure ; some blame him for doing nothing to stop a massacre of Muslims in Gujarat , the western Indian state where he was chief minister . But Indians voted him into the highest office of the land in a roaring landslide victory . They were fed up with years of stagnation and government corruption and in Modi , they saw the man who can again make India prosper . So , apparently does Obama . South Asia expert Milan Vaishnav told me the White House has been waiting a long time to conduct business with India with confidence . "  In Modi , they believe they have found that elusive leader , and they do n't want to pass up the opportunity , " says Vaishnav of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Both India and the United States want a strong economy and a strong defense . A good guess is that the leaders of the world 's two largest democracies will talk trade and terrorism . They are also likely to take up the issue of Chinese dominance . Besides Japan , India is America 's strongest ally on that matter . "  We really talk about it more as not a counterweight to China , but you want a multipolar Asian future , " says Rossow of CSIS . "  You know , you want multiple sources of power in any jurisdiction , and we would love for India to be because , of course , we 've got an alignment of values . " That last point got me thinking about India 's growing prominence and what the world might look like 50 years from now in terms of power . America may not be the sole superpower anymore . And that refrain from my childhood could be ringing true after all . The East is rising . People in the West often talk about the emergence of India on the world stage . But that 's because they do n't know the history of my homeland : that for centuries , India was one of the richest countries in the world -- until the British Empire swallowed it up and left it destitute . The British even stole the famous Kohinoor diamond and stuck it on the queen 's crown . I recently read a story in the Indian news magazine Tehelka that mentioned a 1983 study of the world economy that created quite a stir among Western economists . The study said that in 1750 , China owned 33 % of the global GDP and India , 24.5 % . In the same year , the combined share of Britain and the United States was a mere 2 % . A subsequent analysis found that India had the largest economy in the world for 1,700 of the past 2,000 years . So to call India an emerging power is silly . If anything , my homeland is re-emerging as the global power it once was . India , of course , has a way to go to catch China , although it has already outranked Japan as the third largest economy . OPINION : "  Why 2015 will be a defining year for India " Economic historian Robert Fogel has predicted that by 2040 , the Chinese economy will reach $ 123 trillion . That 's three times the economic output of the entire globe and quite staggering when you consider that China was considered a poor country in 2000 . Fogel thinks China 's per capita income will hit $ 85,000 , more than double the forecast for the European Union . China 's GDP at 40 % will dwarf America 's 14 % . But some economists think that India has a chance to leap over China in about 50 years . The most recent World Bank forecast says growth in India is likely to outdo China 's . Granted , it 's a prediction that has been made before and India has disappointed . But now with Modi in the driver 's seat , many experts are hopeful that India can resolve problems of political stasis and take off like it was supposed to have done a decade ago . India , says Rossow , is destined to become another pole of power . "  India is a large country that will be population-wise , in the next 20 years , probably surpassing China , " says Rossow . "  Economy-wise , it 'll be a rival and growing quite heavily . " That 's why my city councilman in Atlanta , Kwanza Hall , is visiting India . Coincidentally , he will be there at the same time as Obama . I recently spoke with Hall about why he is going on the State Department-sponsored trip . "  The geopolitics of the world and its economic focus has shifted and it will continue to shift East , " Hall told me . "  India is a very significant player . " Hall , of course , is interested in strengthening Indian business ties with the city of Atlanta , home to more than 100,000 South Asian immigrants . He says he is impressed by the burgeoning middle class in India and by the fact that India is rooted in democracy , unlike China . India has the advantage of leapfrogging its development , says Hall . Indians are innovating above and beyond what was normal in the West and they have the advantage of learning from mistakes made by developed nations . "  They have a chance to address education , poverty and heath care in a wholesale way , " says Hall . "  Whichever emerging superpower brings its people along the best will be the most dynamic . The human element is what people always leave out . " Obama , says Hall , has every reason to reach out to Modi , a man who began as a "  chai wallah " -- a tea seller -- and became prime minister of India . That , after all , is the American dream realized in the land of my birth .	As a child , I felt pride in my homeland 's valiant history But I could not forget I was born in a "  Third World " country plagued by poverty Obama 's trip signifies how far my country has come
CNN  -- Sherry Johnston , whose son is having a baby with the daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , was arrested Thursday on drug charges , Alaska State Police said . Bristol Palin , the eldest daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , and her boyfriend , Levi Johnston , in September . Johnston 's teenage son , Levi , is the boyfriend of Bristol Palin , eldest daughter of the former GOP vice-presidential nominee . Johnston was arrested in her home in Wasilla , Alaska , on six felony counts of misconduct involving a controlled substance , police said . The warrant resulted from an undercover investigation that "  had been going on for a while , " Alaska State Trooper spokeswoman Megan Peters said . Peters would not describe the type or amount of drugs allegedly involved in the arrest , saying such disclosures "  could hamper the investigation . " Deborah Miller , supervisor of the criminal department in the clerk 's office in Palmer , Alaska , told CNN that Sherry Johnston was released on bail and is scheduled to be arraigned January 6 . Palin spokesman Bill McAllister would not comment on the arrest . "  This is not a state government matter , " he said .	Sherry Johnston is the mother of Levi Johnston , boyfriend of Bristol Palin Johnston arrested in her home in Wasilla , Alaska , on 6 felony counts Johnston is free on bail , scheduled for arraignment January 6 Palin spokesman has no comment : "  This is not a state government matter "
CNN  -- Forty years after a Massachusetts woman was fatally stabbed , DNA evidence has led to the arrest of a suspect . Eileen Ferro was 21 when she was stabbed to death in her home on Ladyslipper Drive in Shrewsbury , according to a local newspaper account . On Tuesday , almost four decades to the day of her death , a Georgia man was arrested and charged with murder . A DNA match , officials said , turned the cold case into an active prosecution . The suspect is Lonzo Guthrie , 69 , of Austell , Georgia . Guthrie was a furniture deliveryman who had a job at Ferro 's home the day before she was stabbed , Worcester County , Massachusetts , District Attorney Joe Early Jr. said . He was never on investigators ' radar at the time of the killing , Early said . Two seemingly unrelated events led to the DNA match , he said . Now-dead convict likely linked to Florida woman 's '89 disappearance In Massachusetts , investigators resubmitted evidence from the 1974 crime scene to a lab to re-evaluate it for any traces of DNA . Separately , Guthrie violated parole for a crime he committed in Los Angeles and was required to provide a DNA sample , Early said . These two sources of DNA provided the break that had eluded investigators for years , he said . Douglas County , Georgia , authorities arrested Guthrie without incident following questioning by Massachusetts State Police officers , Douglas sheriff 's Sgt. John Sweat said . Guthrie was being held without bond and was fighting extradition to Massachusetts , Sweat said . Douglas County deputies began keeping an eye on Guthrie after Massachusetts officers contacted them in November . Guthrie was n't unknown to authorities in Douglas . Guthrie is a registered sex offender stemming from a rape conviction in California , also in 1974 . He 'd also been arrested for driving with a suspended license , Sweat said . Most recently , Guthrie , who sometimes used the alias Norman James , occasionally worked in a business called Norman 's Road Service Repair , Sweat said . Taken : The coldest case ever solved Senior couple charged in decades old cold cases Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake , may date to '60s , 1970 disappearances Police : Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest	Georgia man is charged with murder in 1974 death of Massachusetts woman A DNA match led to the arrest , officials say Lonzo Guthrie , 69 , is fighting extradition to Massachusetts , authorities say
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia and Japan made stuttering starts to their bids to win a record fourth Asian Cup title on Sunday . The Saudis , beaten in the previous final four years ago by Iraq , suffered a shock 2-1 defeat by Syria in their opening game in Qatar . Japan , the 2004 champions , earlier needed a late equalizer to snatch a 1-1 draw with Jordan in Group B 's first match . Syria have never made it to the quarterfinals in four previous attempts , the last being in 1996 , but boosted their hopes of progressing thanks to two deflected goals from midfielder Abdulrazak Al Husein at Ahmed bin Ali Stadium in Al-Rayyan . Qatar welcomes half the world for 2011 Asian Cup He broke the deadlock seven minutes before halftime when his shot from outside the penalty area went in off the head of Abdullah Shuhail , but Syria 's goalkeeper Mosab Balhous gifted Saudi an equalizer with half an hour to play . The captain let a tame header by substitute Taiseer Al Jassam slip past him and into the net , but Al Husein saved his blushes just two minutes later as he again pounced on a loose clearance and saw his shot take a significant diversion into the Saudi net . Syria 's Romanian coach Tita Valeriu was delighted after having only recently taken control of the team . "  I did n't expect to win but I expected us to play well , " he said in quotes reported by the AFP news agency . "  I had only a very short time to coach the team but we used a formation that worked very well . That was the key . " The result puts more pressure on the Gulf nation 's coach Portuguese coach Jose Peseiro , who was failed to guide the team to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . "  We did n't deserve to lose , but we lost , " he said . "  We are disappointed with the result , but not the spirit . China defeat 10-man Kuwait Japan appointed Italian coach Alberto Zaccheroni after Takeshi Okada stood down in July , having taken the "  Blue Samurai " into the second round of football 's biggest tournament before losing on penalties to Paraguay . Zaccheroni led Japan to a historic 1-0 friendly win over South American superpowers Argentina in his first match in charge , but the former Inter , AC Milan and Juventus coach was disappointed by his team 's efforts at Doha 's Qatar SC Stadium . Jordan , playing at the tournament for just the second time , took the lead right on halftime when Hasan Abdel Fattah 's shot deflected in off Maya Yoshida -- who made amends with a headed leveler two minutes into second-half injury-time . Hosts Qatar shocked in Asian Cup opener "  I am not satisfied with the result , especially in the first half , " Zaccheroni said . "  We must accelerate the speed of our play . We failed to finish on chances . I expect other Asian teams will fight like Jordan . We must readjust ourselves with that in mind . " The 16-team tournament continues on Monday , as Group C kicks off with outsiders India playing Asia 's top-ranked team Australia and then two-time champions South Korea taking on Bahrain .	Three-time Asian Cup champions Saudi Arabia lose 2-1 to Syria in opening game Syrians , ranked 107th in world , triumph in first match at tournament since 1996 Japan , also seeking a record fourth title , snatch late equalizer against Jordan The 16-team tournament continues on Monday with first matches of Group C schedule
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pilot of a doomed plane that crashed , killing 50 people , said "  Jesus Christ " and "  We 're down , " seconds before the plane hurtled from the night sky into a house outside Buffalo , New York , in February . An investigator walks past the wreckage from a plane crash in Clarence Center , New York , in February . The last sounds heard in the cockpit were First Officer Rebecca Shaw saying "  We 're " and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12 , according to a transcript of the cockpit recording . Seconds earlier , the pilot , Capt. Marvin Renslow , said , "  Jesus Christ , " as a sound "  similar to stick shaker " was heard , the transcript said . Renslow said , "  We 're down , " and a thump was heard before Shaw said , "  We 're " and screamed . The National Transportation Safety Board released the transcript of the cockpit recording on Tuesday as it began a three-day hearing in Washington on the crash . See how crash of Flight 3407 unfolded " Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , killing all 49 people on board and one man in the house . About five minutes before the crash , Shaw had shared with Renslow her fear of flying in icy conditions , according to the transcript . "  I do n't want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls . You know I ` dve freaked out . I ` dve -LSB- sic -RSB- had like seen this much ice and thought , ` oh my gosh , we were going to crash , " Shaw told Renslow . The NTSB 's preliminary investigation determined there was some ice accumulation on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 aircraft , but that "  icing had a minimal impact on the stall speed of the airplane . " Watch more on the NTSB investigation " In a story Monday , the Wall Street Journal cited investigators as saying the crash resulted from pilot Marvin Renslow 's incorrect response to the plane 's precarious drop in speed : He overrode an emergency system known as a "  stick pusher , " which sends the plane into a dive so it can regain speed and avoid a stall . Colgan Air , the operator of Continental Connection flights , said Monday that Renslow had never trained in a flight simulator with the safety system that activated just before the plane went down . Colgan said there is no regulatory requirement that it provide hands-on training with the "  stick pusher . " "  A stick pusher demonstrated in an aircraft simulator is not required by the FAA , " the airline said in a statement . "  And thus was not included in Colgan 's Q400 training program . " The Federal Aviation Administration said its standards do not require hands-on practice with the safety system . "  That 's a significant problem , " veteran pilot Douglas Moss told CNN . Moss , an expert in stall recovery , believes flight simulator practice with a stick pusher should be mandatory for aspiring pilots . "  It 's similar to picking up and throwing a groundball in baseball . You can study it academically all you want to but you really need to develop the proficiency , the skill , the muscle memory required to do that , " said Moss . Renslow had failed five pilot tests , known as "  check rides , " three of which occurred before he joined the airline , Colgan Air said . Renslow had revealed only one of those failures to the airline , according to Colgan . NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said Tuesday that the board 's hearing will not address who is to blame for the accident . "  Over the course of this hearing , we will continue to collect information that will assist the safety board in its examination of safety issues arising from this accident , " he said . He said those issues are : airplane performance , cold weather operations , a sterile cockpit , flight crew training and performance , and fatigue management . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : First officer talked to pilot about fear of crashing , transcript shows Safety board releases transcript from cockpit of plane 's final moments February crash near Buffalo , New York , killed all 49 on plane and one on ground Monday report cited pilot 's training ; airline says training met FAA requirements
CNN  -- A handwriting expert testifying for the defense said Wednesday that former Kansas police officer Brett Seacat did not forge a suicide note for his wife , Vashti , whose body was found inside the couple 's burning home in 2011 . But in a possible blow to the defense , Avis Odenbaugh conceded in cross-examination that she is not currently certified by any forensic document examination organizations . Brett Seacat is on trial for first-degree murder in Vashti Seacat 's death . Prosecutors say Seacat shot his wife and set fire to their home . The defense says it was Vashti Seacat who pulled the trigger after starting the fire . Brett Seacat told investigators that his wife was depressed . The alleged suicide note asks Brett Seacat to take care of their two boys : "  Hold them both and tell them ` mommy loves them ' every night . " Did Kansas cop kill wife , burn down their home ? It ends with a message to the children , telling them , "  I love the two of you and will be watching over you from Heaven . " A prosecution expert earlier had testified that the note had not been written by Vashti Seacat . But Odenbaugh testified she concluded that the handwriting in the note matched the handwriting of the person who wrote in Vashti Seacat 's journals . The prosecution was able to score a point during cross-examination , however , by getting Odenbaugh to admit she is not currently certified and is semi-retired . Prosecutors also displayed a board with another sample of Vashti Seacat 's writing alongside the suicide note . The expert admitted there are discrepancies between the two . Jurors got to take a closer look at the two samples on handouts provided by the prosecution . CNN 's Ted Rowlands said they seemed to be nodding in agreement that the samples had differences . One of Brett Seacat 's co-workers testified earlier in the trial that Seacat had asked for an overhead projector the day before his wife 's death . The prosecution suggested in opening statements that Seacat used the projector to forge the suicide note . Seacat has said he was sleeping downstairs on the night of the fire , CNN affiliate KWCH reported . He heard a noise , and moments later his wife called him on his cell phone , saying he should get their two boys before they got hurt . He then purportedly heard two pops . Brett Seacat went upstairs and saw flames . He reportedly said he found his wife in their bedroom and tried to save her . But prosecutors say Brett Seacat 's story does n't makes sense . For one , he had no soot or blood on him , they say , according to KWCH , and only a small burn on his foot . He and the couple 's sons escaped from the blaze unharmed . The Seacats ' home in Kingman , Kansas , sits not far from the courthouse where Brett Seacat is standing trial . Despite extensive fire damage , the house still stands ; a brick chimney pokes out of the charred remains . "  I 'm smart enough that if I wanted to kill my wife ... I could 've come up with something better than this , " Seacat told investigators about the shooting and the fire . "  This is what a crazy person does . "	Brett Seacat is on trial for murder , accused of killing his wife , Vashti A defense expert testifies he did not forge her suicide note In cross-examination , the expert tells prosecutors she is no longer certified in her field
CNN  -- After two years of claiming that his views were "  evolving , " President Obama said on Wednesday that he has finally reached a conclusion and supports same-sex marriage . Obama 's public endorsement is an important step in the right direction , but it does not undo the fact that he has a mixed record on gay rights . This defining moment came only after the issue was pushed to the headlines by Vice President Joe Biden 's open support for same-sex couples . When Obama first took office , many had high hopes . After all , six months in , a press release was sent out entitled : "  President Obama Announces Benefits for Gay Partners of Federal Employees . " It seemed like a momentous occasion , the fulfillment of a promise by the candidate who had vowed to become a "  fierce advocate " of gay rights . Instead , what followed was mostly a charade , and a very successful one . At the time , almost everyone thought Obama was extending equal rights to same-sex employees in the government . Why would n't they ? There was a White House ceremony , seen around the world , that showed the president signing some sort of impressive-sounding document regarding federal benefits and nondiscrimination . Give the Obama team credit for a successful political maneuver . But the discrimination against same-sex federal employees did not end . Not even close . Benefits for gay federal employees are much closer to those of their heterosexual colleagues , if they are posted abroad . So if you want the federal government to stop discriminating , you basically have to leave the country . It also turned out that federal employees can not sign up their partners -- even their legally married ones -- for benefits as basic as health insurance . Obama 's highly touted memorandum gives partners of same-sex federal employees the ability to apply for private long-term care insurance , with no discernible advantage over what they would find elsewhere . Let 's be clear -- it 's not Obama 's fault that Congress passed and Bill Clinton signed the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , which says marriage refers only to heterosexual couples . Obama has said that he opposes the legislation . But the Obama administration has gone out of its way to create an impression that it has done much more for gay people than it actually has . In fact , Obama 's Justice Department actively defended the anti-gay Defense of Marriage Act in court until last year . When Karen Golinski , a federal lawyer , managed a rare victory in obtaining coverage by the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program for the woman she legally married , the Obama administration made sure the benefits would not extend to anyone else . In light of these contradictory -- almost deceptive -- moves by his administration , it 's no wonder that Obama has found himself swirling in turbulence over his wobbly position on gay rights . Comparatively , discrimination on employee benefits is not controversial and it requires much less ammunition than fighting against other forms of discrimination . Americans reject it decisively . Several years ago , two-thirds of Americans told Gallup that "  gay and lesbian domestic partners should have access to health insurance and other employee benefits . " And that was before support for gay marriage became broader . The president can only gain from taking a strong position against same-sex discrimination . It will energize his base and help him look like an advocate for fairness and not just another cynical politician . The people who strongly oppose equality in employee benefits would never vote for him anyway . Everyone else would probably find it refreshing to see a politician march out of the morass of ambiguity and double-talk and for once take a clear strong position . Ironically , Obama has mocked Mitt Romney for flip-flopping on gay rights . In fact , both of them have tried to play all sides of this issue , coldly calculating political advantage . Some have thought that Obama 's personal experience as the African-American son of a mixed-race couple would make him into a fierce advocate of equality and justice . Instead , many in the gay community have derided him for his "  cowardice . " But the president 's record has n't been all misses . He achieved an important victory when he had do n't ask , do n't tell overturned . But until he seemed to have no choice , he remained extraordinarily quiet on gay issues , even though he continues to collect millions of dollars in donations from gay activists . He has spoken out only when absolutely necessary and sometimes not even then . Gay leaders implored Obama to lend support before a close vote on gay rights in Maine . They blamed him partly for the loss . On the recent North Carolina constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , Obama issued a statement against the amendment through a spokesman , and declared that he was disappointed only after it passed . Obama 's claims that he cares about equality for gays have not seemed sincere . Now that he has emphatically stated that same-sex marriage should be legal , he ought to make passage of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act a priority . He should take a stand personally , not through press releases and spokesmen , against discrimination . He should support the bill that calls for the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act . Now he should follow up his landmark statement with actions that will have practical , not just symbolic impact As country after country removes barriers to equality for gay couples , the United States should take a lesson . Same-sex marriage , one of the highest hurdles , is already recognized legally in places as different as Canada , Argentina , Israel , South Africa and Spain , among others . Nondiscrimination in employee benefits is far more common , not just for reasons of fairness but also because it allows organizations to compete for the best talent . The decision to at long last finish the evolution and come out in support of gay marriage is a major step . But , Mr. President , when it comes to fighting discrimination , there are principles to defend , promises to keep and miles to go before you sleep . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	President Obama announced on Wednesday that he supports same-sex marriage Frida Ghitis : Endorsement does not undo the fact that he has a mixed record on gay rights The gay community has derided him for his "  cowardice " on gay issues , she says Ghitis : Obama needs to back up his words with actions going forward
Egypt 's former military chief does n't mince words when he describes what would happen if he wins this month 's presidential vote . In a taped interview broadcast on Egyptian satellite networks Monday , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi vowed to finish off the Muslim Brotherhood if he 's elected , arguing that 's what his country 's people want . And he said he had no choice but to run for President . "  Due to the challenges facing Egypt and the targeting of Egypt from inside and outside of the country ... any responsible patriot has a duty toward his country and its future , and has the opportunity to come forward to protect this country , and this people , and their future , " el-Sisi said . The second part of the interview is due to air Tuesday . El-Sisi deposed Egypt 's first freely elected leader , President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , last year following mass protests against Morsy 's rule . The officer is popular among Egyptians who supported the army 's decision to remove Morsy from power . His supporters see him as the kind of strongman needed to end the turmoil dogging Egypt since a popular uprising ended Hosni Mubarak 's three decades of one-man rule in 2011 . In Monday 's interview , he said there had been two attempts to assassinate him , but that did n't stop him from wanting to run for President . "  I believe in fate , " he said . "  I am not afraid . " He appeared relaxed in the interview , talking about his children and saying his wife had urged him to seek election . El-Sisi resigned from his military post in March to run for the presidency . He 'll face just one challenger at the polls , Hamdeen Sabahi , who also had harsh words for the Muslim Brotherhood when he spoke to CNN last month , accusing the group of being "  responsible for bloodshed and sponsoring terrorism in Egypt . " But Sabahi said he would scrap a controversial law enacted last fall and backed by el-Sisi , which places severe restrictions on demonstration in Egypt . "  I will issue a law that protects and regulates , not prevents , demonstration . And I will release all the innocent people who were convicted according to this unconstitutional law , and particularly college students in Egypt who were angry because of the excessive force used by the police , " he said . In Monday 's interview , broadcast on the Egyptian satellite channels CBC and ONTV , el-Sisi defended the protest law , saying that "  irresponsible " demonstrations threaten the state . Egyptians are scheduled to head to the polls to vote for President on May 26 and 27 . Parliamentary elections will be held soon afterward , but dates have not yet been determined , Egypt 's state-run Ahram Online reported Monday . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	In a TV interview , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says it was his duty to run for President He vows to finish off the Muslim Brotherhood if elected Egyptians will head to the polls to pick a new President later this month
CNN  -- A teen and a police officer died in Bahrain clashes as protesters hit the streets Thursday on the two-year anniversary of a failed uprising in the nation , authorities said . Authorities are investigating the Thursday morning death of a 16-year-old and trying to determine how it occurred , according to a government statement . Read more : Bahrain strips Shiite activists of citizenship amid unrest "  We encourage people to remain calm and not spread unfounded rumors until more information becomes known , " the statement said . "  We reiterate the call ... upon parents to supervise the whereabouts of their children at all times in order to ensure their safety . We urge parents to keep their children at school and go about their daily routine . " Al-Wefaq , Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party , said the teen was killed when he was hit by bird pellets shot by Bahraini security forces . Police officer Mohammed Asif died late Thursday after he was hit by a "  projectile " thrown by a group of protesters , according to Bahrain 's interior ministry . Major-General Tariq Hassan , chief of public security , said an investigation has been launched to find those responsible . Protesters demonstrated in several villages around Manama , the nation 's capital Thursday . Two years ago , on February 14 , protests began with many demanding political reforms and greater freedoms in the Sunni-ruled , Shiite majority nation . Bahraini wins human rights seat amid protests , teen 's death The unrest was spurred by movements in Tunisia and Egypt . But demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state . The crackdown was backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . In November of that year , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities ' reactions to the protests . The independent commission , set up by the king , concluded that the police had used excessive force and torture in their response to the protests in Sunni-ruled , Shiite-majority country . Abuse of detainees in the crackdown included beatings with metal pipes and batons , and threats of rape and electrocution , according to Mahmoud Cherif Bassiouni , the commission chairman . The report recommended reforms to the country 's law and better training of its security forces , as well as other measures . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities are investigating the death and say they do not know the cause An opposition group says Bahrain security forces killed the teen Thursday marks the second anniversary of major unrest in Bahrain
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago , representatives from every nation came together to voice one common goal : to advance the global status of women in the spirit of equality . We were there in Beijing , China , when women broke their silence and a resounding message burst forth from the walls of the U.N. Fourth World Conference on Women : No longer would it be acceptable to separate women 's rights from human rights . Today , we are seeing a powerful momentum materialize as women in diverse regions raise their voices to claim their rights and inspire change while leading neighborhoods , villages , parliaments and nations forward . As the world navigates through an unprecedented financial crisis , economists and leaders are increasingly turning their attention to the greatest untapped reserve of innovation and resilience -- women . Progress on women 's equality is reaching different regions at different paces , but we can see improvement in girls ' education , workforce participation and political representation . The global net rate of primary school enrollment for girls is up to 89 percent ; the number of women holding nonagricultural , paid jobs continues to increase worldwide ; and women 's global share of parliamentary seats is rising , now at 18.4 percent . Something much harder to measure , but maybe the most significant of all indicators , is a widespread shift over the past 15 years in the global conversation about women . Our campaign for equality has come out from the darkness of the periphery . We are moving into an age that enables progress and an environment that sustains it . For Rebecca Lolosoli , the light of change is an unsteady flicker . In her home in rural Samburu , Kenya , women who are abused or raped are cast out of their homes ; the concept of women 's rights is as novel as it is dangerous . She was beaten for raising her voice in dissent , kicked to the ground for promoting a woman 's right to live free of violence . Out of injustice that sought to tear her down , she emerged as a courageous voice of change . Rebecca formed Umoja Uaso Women 's Village , a cooperative where once-forsaken survivors of violence find healing and independence as artisans who produce vibrant jewelry . Hers is one voice among the millions threatened by a global increase in violence against women -- one in three women will experience violence in her lifetime . We are confronted with a pandemic of violence , and must address it with commensurate force and urgency . Rebecca carries the weight of unrealized human rights on her shoulders . It is our duty to help lessen her load . We must support women like her as equal partners in economic , social and political development , and recognize their ability to practice collaborative leadership and carry their communities forward with each step they take . Recently we honored Rebecca at the 2010 Vital Voices Global Leadership Awards , recognizing her strength and vision as she empowers women and shapes a future free of violence against women . If we want to promote peace and prosperity , we must begin with women . We have seen that in societies where women 's rights are respected , economies are stronger , civil societies thrive and political institutions are more open and free . Our progress in the past 15 years is tenuous if it 's not shared , reinforced and expanded in all spheres . We must recommit ourselves to women 's equality worldwide . Now is the time to build on the momentum and advance positive change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Field and Alyse Nelson .	Sally Field , Alyse Nelson say it 's been 15 years since U.N. highlighted rights of women They say women have made progress in education , employment and politics Story of a woman in Kenya shows how victims of violence can strive for change , they say Field , Nelson : "  If we want to promote peace and prosperity , we must begin with women . "
CNN  -- The family of Bowe Bergdahl , a U.S. soldier captured by the Taliban in 2009 , received a letter from him recently -- reviving their hopes that the 27-year-old army sergeant is still alive . Bergdahl 's father mentioned receiving the letter in an e-mail exchange with Dwight Murphy , the spokesman for the local POW/MIA group in Boise Valley , Idaho . "  We have received a letter from Bowe through the Red Cross ! " the father says in the exchange . "  He was scripted and redacted but he was no doubt alive and his faculties fully functioning as of two months ago . " He did not say when he got the letter , but Murphy copied and pasted the exchange with the father on his Facebook page after receiving his permission to do so . The father 's letter goes on say , "  They are being very careful with him . He is still highly valued at high levels . "  Guantanamo , drones and politics in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Washington are still the big issues . " CNN was unable to reach the father late Wednesday night . The network also reached out to the military and the International Committee for the Red Cross for confirmation , but did not hear back . Last week , the military told CNN it had no reason to believe Bergdahl was dead . In 2012 : Parents of captured soldier lead Washington motorcycle rally Whereabouts unclear Bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province in Afghanistan . Since his capture , four videos of the Idaho native have been released . But the last video was sent in February 2011 , and it 's unclear where Bergdahl is being held now . He was a private at the time . The army has been giving Bergdahl promotions that would have come to him had his army career gone as planned . If he returns home safely , the army will give him all the back pay that he has earned while in captivity . His father has rarely spoken to the media . Bowe Bergdahl , an adventurer and gentleman Resolution close ? In his exchange with Murphy , he said he believed "  we are getting closer to a resolution . " But , he added , there seems to be a disagreement among the Taliban about the direction forward . "  It appears at least several parties want to arbitrate captive SGT Bowe , several others ... want to keep fighting until every single Westerner is out , " the father said . Last year , Bergdahl 's parents led the Rolling Thunder ride in Washington , and said the family holds out hope for his safe return . "  Bowe , your family has not forgotten you , your hometown has not forgotten you . Your state of Idaho has not forgotten you , and thanks to all of you here today , Washington D.C. has not forgotten you , " his father told a cheering crowd . "  We love you , we are proud of you . Stay strong , never give up . We pray for the day that we welcome you home , " he said . Flanked by riders wanting to offer support for the safe return of his son , Bergdahl spoke separately to CNN . He sported a long beard and wore a bandana imprinted with "  POW . " His son 's official status is listed as "  missing/captured . " "  The beard is a chronology , " Bergdahl said , "  of my son 's captivity since June 30 , 2009 . "	Letter : "  He was no doubt alive " "  They are being very careful with him , " Bergdahl 's father writes Bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift His father believes a resolution is "  getting closer "
CNN  Rory McIlroy can focus on his driving and putting after settling a protracted legal dispute with his former management company . The World No. 1 avoided a potentially long and drawn out court case in Dublin , Ireland , after attempting to sue Horizon Sports Management , who in turn were counter-suing the golfer by claiming the Northern Irishman owed them millions of dollars in commission on contracts up to 2017 . McIlroy had labeled the contract he had signed with Horizon as "  unconscionable . " "  The legal dispute between Rory McIlroy and Horizon Sports Management has been settled to the satisfaction of both parties who wish each other well for the future , " said a joint statement from McIlroy and Horizon . "  The parties will be making no further comment , " added the statement . McIlroy reportedly paid $ 22.8 m million plus costs to settle the case . In an interview with CNN 's Living Golf show month , McIlroy insisted the case had been about taking "  control of things myself . " He added : "  If there 's one good thing that 's came out of all of this , it 's being able to set up my own management team and my own management company . "  That 's been huge . Even after all of this , having a great team around me and a great team in place , that 's all been worth it . " The period under dispute coincided with McIlroy 's sponsorship deal with Nike , which was reported be worth around $ 100m . McIlroy , who won the Dubai Desert Classic last weekend , was not in court when the settlement was announced , though he did make a brief appearance on Tuesday . The 25-year-old had claimed that the fees charged by Horizon were excessive , while simultaneously being accused of breaching his contract and owing outstanding fees . McIlroy terminated his contract with Horizon in 2013 to set up his own company .	Rory McIlroy settles legal dispute World No. 1 sued over alleged high fees McIlroy accused of breaching contract Northern Irishman won Dubai Desert Classic last weekend
CNN  -- A gunman shot four people in Greenville , North Carolina , before being shot by police , Mayor Allen Thomas told CNN . Shortly before noon , the gunman approached and shot one person in a parking lot at the Kellum Law Firm and then three people in the parking lot of a Walmart , police said . The man , armed with a shotgun , was walking through the Walmart parking lot when he disobeyed police orders to drop the weapon , police said . He fired the shotgun at police officers , who returned fired and shot him , police said . Even after he was wounded , the gunman refused to comply with police commands to surrender , and officers used the cover of a vehicle to approach and arrest him , police said . The victims were transported to a hospital . Their conditions and that of the gunman were not known . The incident occurred near Landmark Street and Greenville Boulevard , police said .	A man with a shotgun shoots one person in a Greenville law firm parking lot He then shoots three people in a Walmart parking lot He is shot by police after he disobeys orders to drop the weapon
CNN  -- The possibility of sinking is the last thing you want to think about when booking a carefree vacation at sea . Yet colorful ads depicting people having the time of their lives on cruise ships are now competing with frightening footage of Costa Concordia passengers , some still elegantly dressed for dinner , on a desperate quest to escape the ship . The vessel struck rocks off the western Italian coast Friday night and rolled onto its side , leaving at least 11 people dead . "  This is n't some tugboat off Italy . This is a very modern cruise ship , very similar to ships that are currently in the Caribbean , " said Fran Golden , a cruise expert and contributor for Budget Travel . "  I do n't think anybody could predict that a modern , beautiful cruise ship only six years old would hit a rock and sink , " she told CNN 's Early Start . So it 's no wonder some travelers may be questioning just how safe cruising is . "  It sure does frighten me , a longtime cruiser , " wrote Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of CruiseCritic.com , about how quickly things went wrong on the Concordia . "  This was a systemic failure that should rock the cruise line to its core . " But the cruise industry says there 's very little to worry about , despite the incident . About 16 million people took a vacation at sea last year , according to the Cruise Lines International Association , which represents 26 major cruise lines . The group called Friday 's incident a terrible tragedy , but asked travelers to keep it in perspective . "  Accidents such as this one are an extremely rare occurrence in the cruise industry , and cruising continues to be one of the safest means of travel among all types of vacationing , " the association said on its website . Modern cruise ships have sophisticated equipment designed to keep them on course , steer them away from bad weather and keep them steady in rough seas . Still , accidents and unpredictable acts of nature do happen . Overheard on CNN.com : Worst-case scenario Some recent examples include the Louis Majesty , part of the Greece-based Louis Cruise Lines . In 2010 , two passengers were killed and 14 were injured when 26-foot waves crashed into the ship off northeast Spain . In 2007 , the Sea Diamond , a Greek cruise ship that was carrying 1,156 passengers and 391 crew members , sank off the Aegean island of Santorini after slamming into a volcanic reef . Two passengers were reported missing after the incident and were never found . To know how to survive an emergency , cruise passengers are required by law to attend a safety briefing within 24 hours of embarkation . Costa Cruises says most passengers on board the Costa Concordia took part in an evacuation drill . During a typical muster drill , the ship sounds the signals that would call people to their lifeboat stations so they know what to do if there is something wrong . But passenger Benji Smith said the safety briefing was more of a "  sales pitch " for shore excursions . Others , who embarked at Civitavecchia , about an hour 's train ride from Rome , had yet to have the briefing . Nancy Lofaro , a passenger from New Rochelle , New York , said the drill was scheduled for Saturday , a day after the disaster . Lofaro also said it appeared the crew did n't really know what to do during the emergency . The confusion may have been caused in part by communication problems , Golden said . Unlike ships cruising in the Caribbean , Costa gets passengers from many countries and thus passengers speak different languages . "  I can only imagine the chaos of trying to communicate to passengers from , maybe , eight different languages how to get off the ship , " Golden said . What caused the cruise ship disaster ? The incident underscores the importance of safety drills and paying attention to them , she added . "  People go on a cruise , and they think they 're in this protected wonderland , and the reality is you always need to have safety in the forefront of your thinking , " Golden said . "  I 've seen passengers go to the life boat drills and the crew do honest efforts to have you learn how to put on your life vest , and meanwhile , people are trying to get drinks and take photos . " Crew training in emergency response also is key . A lot of the training is done by the cruise lines themselves based on international maritime standards , Golden said . The Coast Guard inspects foreign-flagged cruise ships in U.S. waters twice a year , studying the competency of the crew during fire and abandon-ship drills , said Cmdr. Buddy Reams , chief of the U.S. Coast Guard 's Cruise Ship National Center of Expertise . Still , no matter how many safety and training protocols are in place , the image of a submerged Costa Concordia will stay burned in people 's minds when they decide if they 're going to take a cruise , said Jonathan Bricker , a psychologist at the University of Washington . To prevent any decline in bookings , the cruise industry will have to communicate how safe cruising actually is , he added . That said , "  The vast majority of people who are planning to take a cruise are probably still going to take the cruise . And they 're going to be fine , " Bricker said . CNN 's Katia Hetter and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	"  It sure does frighten me , a longtime cruiser , " editor-in-chief of CruiseCritic.com writes Accidents such as this one are an extremely rare occurrence , cruise industry group says Cruise expert : Chaos may have been caused in part by communication problems Psychologist : Industry will have to communicate how safe cruising actually is
CNN  -- Like a combination of disinfectant and vomit . That 's how a passenger on board a Royal Caribbean cruise described the ship 's smell after hundreds of people fell ill . Shannon Blace went on the trip with her fiance and 10 other friends and family members . Of the 12 , nine got sick , she said . One of the women in her group got sick twice . In total , 595 of the 3,050 passengers and 50 of 1,165 crew members have become ill , according to Bernadette Burden , a spokeswoman with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They reported vomiting and diarrhea . The cause of the illness is not clear , though the symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . Because of the outbreak , Royal Caribbean cut its 10-day cruise short . Explorer of the Seas left from Cape Liberty , New Jersey . It will return Wednesday , two days early . "  The number of reported new cases of gastrointestinal illness has dropped sharply after a spike in the first days of the cruise , and most guests who fell ill are up and about , " the cruise line said in a Monday statement . "  The drop in new cases is encouraging . However , it is not unusual in an outbreak to still have smaller , secondary spikes . That is why , after discussions with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and our medical team , we decided the most prudent course for the health of our guests and crew was to bring the cruise home on Wednesday , two days earlier than planned . " The company said all passengers would get a 50 % refund of their fare . All guests will also get a 50 % future cruise credit . Explorer of the Seas departed Cape Liberty on January 21 . It was scheduled to call to Labadee , Haiti ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Charlotte Amalie , St. Thomas ; and Philipsburg , St. Maarten . It missed her port calls in Haiti and St. Maarten . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	595 passengers and 50 crew members report being ill , CDC spokeswoman says Cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus Explorer of the Seas will return to its home port Wednesday , or two days early
CNN  -- How stressed out do you need to be to spend $ 1 million on a 111-day holiday ? Rhetorical questions come and go , but the latest super-luxe vacation is here to stay , as long as its "  attractions " remain -- species close to extinction . "  That money serves to assist the endangered species that potential clients would see , " says Will Bolsover , managing director at UK-based Natural World Safaris , which is offering what it 's calling a "  Journey to Nature 's Edge . " Prospective safari-goers  so far no one has booked  will get to gawk at 18 endangered species in 12 countries over 111 days , all from the Herms-catered splendor of luxury lodgings . Guests will fly to each destination in first class , meet local conservation experts and have fiddly things like park entrance fees , transport and excursions arranged and paid for . The $ 1 million price tag covers two people and Bolsover himself , who 'll accompany guests "  to ensure everything runs smoothly . " He says his own costs are greatly reduced by partners in the locales . Ten percent of the fee goes to the conservation projects involved and conservation administration CITES . "  We want to highlight the plight of endangered species on our planet and bring this to the attention of individuals at the same time as them truly experiencing the natural world and the conservation efforts that are ongoing to protect it , " Bolsover says . Super-luxe holiday trend It 's not the most expensive vacation to have been conceived recently . A $ 1.5 million trip to all 962 UNESCO World Heritage Sites was created , and reportedly booked , last year . Just a few weeks ago a company launched its "  Lovers Deep " concept -- converting a submarine into a private love hotel . A week on that , at nearly $ 290,000 per night , would cost more than $ 2 million . But at an average of $ 83,333 per destination -- an example of which is a five-day stay to see mountain gorillas in Rwanda -- this Journey to Nature 's Edge falls into the just-think-what-else-you-could-do-with-that-kind-of-money category . "  The $ 1 million price tag does grab people 's attention , however this was the cost when we finalized pulling the trip details together , " says Bolsover . He adds that , despite the high-end price , guests may not be pampered every moment . "  People are prepared to pay a premium to get out and experience something entirely different and this may be staying at the most luxurious property in Botswana seeing some breathtaking game . "  Equally it could be staying at a very basic camp in Hemis National Park in India at minus 30 degrees Celsius with no shower facilities in the hope of catching a glimpse of the elusive snow leopard ! " Those interested in booking , or just window shopping , can do so at the Natural World Safaris website . Would you pay $ 1 million for a chance to see these endangered species ? Let us know below .	The $ 1 million trip takes in 12 destinations over 111 days to see 18 endangered species Follows other million-dollar vacation ideas , including a stay in converted submarine love hotel Journey to Nature 's Edge includes viewing gorillas in Rwanda and penguin-spotting in Antarctica
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- It may surprise the casual visitor at Arlington National Cemetery to see a rubber duck on a headstone or an old football helmet lying in the manicured grass of a fallen soldier 's grave . After all , America 's most hallowed ground is the final resting place for war heroes , astronauts , even two U.S. presidents . But it happens all the time , especially in Section 60 , where many of those killed in the current wars are buried . Leaving a flower arrangement is still common . And many graves have tiny American flags placed on them . But this new generation of warriors are frequently remembered with mementos like cans of beer , teddy bears and even tiny bottles of hot sauce . The message in the mementos is unknown but likely very personal . "  I have seen everything from report cards to an Alabama football ticket stub , " said Roderick Gainer , a curator with the Center of Military History . "  Obviously , the deceased service person was a Crimson Tide fan . Letters , hotel keys . I 've seen jewelry , lots of things . " Gainer is part of a new effort by the Army to make sure these items do n't end up in the trash . For the first time the Army , which runs Arlington National Cemetery , is collecting many of the items left on the graves , cataloging them according to what grave they were left on and storing them for posterity . Before this effort began late last summer , most of the items were thrown away . Some cemetery employees tried to gather some special mementos , but no record was kept about what graves those items came from . Now , curators from the Center of Military History are making sure a thorough record is kept . "  We are going by , grave to grave , on a weekly basis recovering items that have been left and then we basically put these items into a database and photograph the grave , " Gainer said . Read about the demanding work of Arlington 's burial crews Then the mementos are put into plastic bags with a note card with the date of collection , the fallen service member 's name and the grave number . Not everything is saved . Perishable items like food or flowers are left on the grave . But if a note is attached , it 's collected and saved . A plain pebble on top of a headstone will be left alone , but if someone has written or painted something personal on the stone , it will be saved . They even save some of the empty beer and liquor bottles that often turn up next to the headstones . And on some graves , like that of Pfc. Kenneth Zeigler , nothing is disturbed . Zeigler 's mother asked the Army not to collect anything off his grave and the curators gladly respect her wishes . There was a case where some items were collected from a grave , but the family did n't want the items moved , so the center returned the materials to the family . The curators also pay attention to when the materials are left . If they are birthday cards and a birthday is approaching , they will usually leave them . But if the birthday has passed , they will collect them . While Gainer does this job every week , some things still get to him . Like a poem left on Cmdr. Phil Murphy-Sweet 's grave that reads : "  In Arlington , a small white stone there , a small white stone , three little pebbles , an inscription , and a patch of green grass . That 's where he 'll stay . He should be home laughing with kids or still serving his country . But instead , he stays there . " The poem is signed "  Jeanne and Lelila Musgates . " But it 's unclear why it was left on Murphy-Sweet 's grave . Were they relatives , friends or just patriotic Americans who wanted to remember a fallen soldier ? Once the poem and all other mementos have been collected , catalogued and saved , the Army secretary will decide what will be done with them . They may become part of a museum exhibit . Or maybe , someday , a historian will go through them to teach about the two wars .	Most fallen soldiers of current wars are buried in Section 60 People leave personal mementos , including cans of beer and hot sauce Army making effort to ensure the mementos do n't end up in trash
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery is set to launch next week on a mission to the international space station , NASA 's Flight Readiness Review team said Wednesday . The space shuttle Discovery is brought by crawler to its pad at Cape Canaveral , Florida , on August 4 . Launch is scheduled for 1:36 a.m. ET Tuesday , NASA said . However , launches often are delayed because of inclement weather or technical concerns . Discovery will carry a crew of seven astronauts as it ferries equipment to the space station . One of the astronauts , Nicole Stott , will remain on the space station as a flight engineer , replacing astronaut Timothy Kopra , who will return home aboard Discovery as a mission specialist , according to the NASA Web page for the mission . Discovery will also be carrying the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill  COLBERT  to the space station . The treadmill is named for fake newsman Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report . " Earlier this year , NASA conducted an online poll to name the space station 's newest compartment , asking voters to choose one of four given options or offer their own suggestion . Colbert urged his viewers to suggest "  Colbert , " which won . But Colbert and the space agency compromised to give the moniker to the treadmill instead . The new module was given the name Tranquility . "  I 'm so proud my treadmill will be going into space to help trim down those famously fat astronauts . Lay off the Tang , Chubby ! " Colbert said in a statement . The mission will be Discovery 's 37th to space , and the 30th shuttle mission dedicated to assembly and maintenance of the space station , NASA says .	NASA : Discovery slated to lift off Tuesday on mission to international space station Shuttle will carry a crew of seven , ferry equipment to the space station Astronaut Nicole Stott will remain on the space station as a flight engineer Shuttle to deliver treadmill named after comedian Stephen Colbert
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Heavy users of betel quids reveal their addiction when they smile . Their teeth are stained a reddish-black , dyed from years of chewing potent parcels of areca nuts and tobacco , wrapped in a lime-coated betel leaf . "  Some people after they eat they 're drinking coffee or tea ; always after eating I 'm chewing the betel nut . I like it , " says Myo Min Than , a 28-year-old noodle seller at a market in Myanmar 's largest city , Yangon . Like tea or coffee , betel quids -- or "  nuts " as they 're often referred to -- give users a lift . But unlike tea or coffee , they also give them oral cancer . "  Having one is okay , but the danger increases when you start having the second one . When you reach a certain point , people will get cancer , " said Professor Ying-chin Ko , vice president of China Medical University in Taiwan who conducted some of the first studies into the link between betel quids and oral cancer in the 1990s . A betel quid is the name given to small parcels that typically contain areca nuts , wrapped in a betel leaf coated with slaked lime . Some contain tobacco . Spices may be added for taste in different parts of Asia , including cardamom , saffron cloves and sweeteners , according to research compiled by the International Agency for Research on Cancer in its Monograph "  Betel-quid and Areca-nut Chewing "  2004  . Around 600 million people worldwide are thought to chew betel quids , making them the fourth most commonly used psychoactive substance after tobacco , alcohol and caffeinated drinks . They 're predominantly chewed in Asia , where their use is n't limited to adults . You can see it in the research , and on the teeth of some children . In Myanmar , quids are popular with drivers who use them to stay alert on the road . U Sein , 37 , chews around 10 quids a day . He 's a taxi driver , and is stocking up at one of the many roadside stands in central Yangon . "  The tobacco is just like a drug , " he said . "  So when I 'm chewing the betel nut I get a bit dizzy . " He says he does n't smoke cigarettes . Quids , he says , are "  better for me , " though it 's unclear whether he 's referring to his health or the cheap cost of the addictive little parcels . A pack of three costs 100 Burmese kyat , around 10 U.S. cents . At least , that 's how much seller Kyaw Thet , 26 , charges at his stall in central Yangon . He 's quickly wrapping new parcels while U Sein waits . Kyaw Thet ca n't say how many parcels he makes a day , but in a couple of minutes he 's made six . He swiftly coats the leaves with lime before arranging them in rows and adding areca nuts and a sprinkle of tobacco . He flicks some more lime on before bagging them , and adds another sprinkle of tobacco for good measure . U Sein smiles as he hands over his cash , his teeth flecked that familiar shade of red . The chewing of areca nuts dates back centuries , as far as the bronze age , according to a study of remains excavated at Nui Nap , Thanh Hoa province in Vietnam , published in 2001 . Researchers found the teeth appeared to be stained by betel quids . The practice has been around so long it 's become an important part of cultural and religious rituals , and in some parts of Asia the parcels are used as a herbal remedy for anything from toothache to acne . Some also believe they have aphrodisiac properties . Scientific research has found that chewing betel quids leads to an increased risk of cancer -- whether or not tobacco is included . Carcinogens derived from tobacco and the areca nut were found in the saliva of people chewing the parcels , though it was n't clear whether they were leaching from the tobacco or whether they were being produced during the chewing process . Ko thinks it 's the latter . "  The leaves are fine , they will not cause cancer . Lime will not lead to cancer , but it may accelerate carcinogen to release . It 's a hidden danger , " Ko said . In some countries , authorities have launched awareness campaigns but health officials face an uphill battle in convincing addicts that it 's not worth the buzz . In Taiwan , Ko says , "  People are aware , but it 's just hard to get rid of the addiction . " Papua New Guinea recently introduced a ban on the sale and chewing of areca nuts in the capital Port Moresby , but that was mainly to rid the city of the unsightly red saliva users spit into the street when they chew . In Myanmar , the Consumer Protection Association , a non-governmental organization , has started trying to raise public awareness of the risks of betel quids , however its message is about the dangers of pesticides on leaves . "  Long ago , betel leaves were used as medicine but nowadays betel leaves cause oral cancer because of the excessive use of pesticides and insecticides , " the association 's chairman Bo Oat Khine told CNN . It 's a theory that 's not supported by any scientific evidence , Ko said . "  There 's absolutely no relation between the two . Both areca nuts and leaves have very strong resistance to pests " so neither are usually used during cultivation , he said . "  Earlier studies show pesticides may have a connection to lymph cancer or blood cancer , but never oral cancer , " he added . Despite the evidence , noodle seller Myo Min Than has no plans to kick the habit . He says he needs his 10 parcels a day to stay awake during long shifts at his market stall , which start at 3 a.m. with a trip to the wholesaler , and end at 8 p.m. when he dumps his unsold stock . "  I 'm working the whole day , it 's a very long day , so when I 'm chewing the betel nut I do n't want to sleep , " he said . Han Thar Nyein and Feng Ke contributed to this report .	Hundreds of millions of people chew betel quids , mostly in Asia Research shows that chewing the parcels raises the risk of oral cancer Betel quids are parcels of areca nuts and tobacco wrapped in a lime-coated betel leaf In Myanmar , they 're popular with taxi drivers who use them to stay awake on the roads
Coal is the new gold in South Africa -- it 's also one of the worst polluters on the planet . South Africa is the world 's fourth largest coal exporter with over 40 billion tons of the fossil fuel in reserves , according to the government . While the Chamber of Mines reported sales of some $ 10 billion last year . But the of host of the United Nations Climate Change Conference , currently taking place in Durban , is under increasing pressure to curb its addiction to coal -- the world 's most notorious contributor to the greenhouse gases blamed for contributing to climate change . From South Africa to America , Europe to China , coal is the bedrock on which most world economies have been built . Reducing its use , many countries argue , will reduce productivity and growth . "  If today we say no to coal , that means we have to switch off all our power plants in South Africa , " said Dipuo Peters , South Africa 's Minister of Energy . "  What is going to happen to our country ? We need to keep the lights on . We need to grow the economy and create jobs . As we speak 25 % of our people are unemployed . " Developed countries have pledged to contribute $ 100 billion towards a Green Climate Fund that would subsidize efforts by developing nations to reduce their carbon emissions . But with the economies of developed countries under strain many fear these funds will never materialize . Complicating matters even more is the argument around whether the world 's second biggest economy , China , should be entitled to such a subsidy . In the meantime , with more power stations either being built or planned , South Africa 's coal mining industry is likely to continue to grow . It is also creating opportunities for young entrepreneurs like Andre Magiya . "  People want coal in big numbers , " the mining logistics businessman said . "  We can not satisfy the export market as it is . "  And locally the hospitals use coal , manufacturers use coal , even the prisons . Everywhere there is demand for coal . " Europe has been South Africa 's main coal export market , but orders from India and China have rapidly grown in recent years . Still , it is domestic demand that drives the industry : Over 90 % of South Africa 's electricity , produced by power utility Eskom , is generated from coal . The government-controlled company has some of the biggest power plants in the world and is busy building more -- a move that has attracted the attention of international environmentalists Greenpeace , who recently staged a demonstration at a power plant under construction in the Mpumalanga province . "  This country has been mining coal since the 1860 , " said Melita Steele of Greenpeace . "  It has formed the backbone of the economy and it 's what Eskom knows . "  So what do you do when you are in an electricity crisis ? You invest in what you know . Even though the government is talking nicely about climate change we are not seeing the action and we are not seeing the urgency . " China and the United States are undoubtedly the world 's worst air polluters , but South Africa leads in Africa -- and activists say it should be leading in clean energy as well . "  Less than 1 % of this country 's energy is green which is a sorry tale . We are seeing more significant action from countries like Lesotho in this regard , " said Steele . At the last U.N. climate change conference , COP16 in Copenhagen , President Jacob Zuma committed to reducing 34 % of South Africa 's carbon emissions by 2020 and some progress is being made . Several initiatives to create electricity from waste are already underway . Africa 's biggest sugar producer , Illovo , says with the right incentives from government it could invest in equipment that could see it produce 1.6 gigawatts per hour of power from sugar fiber called baggase -- power it could add to the national grid . Peters says the government will conclude discussions with the sugar industry soon and in the meantime it is investigating other alternatives . Several wind and sun energy projects already have the government 's financial backing . "  We have got a plan of one million solar geysers  solar water heaters  by 2014 . One million solar geysers saves 3,000 megawatts . Three thousand megawatts is a potential power plant , and we are saying being able to do that is an indication of our commitment , " she said . It 's a delicate balancing act -- one many developing countries continue to grapple with . Alleviating poverty remains a primary focus whatever the means . Some of South Africa 's major employers are also among the country 's top polluters . They 've warned that without alternative energy sources , the government 's ambitious carbon reduction targets will negatively impact on plans to grow the economy and create jobs . Peters says her department hopes to ultimately be able to provide big industries with reliable clean energy to meet their minimum demands . "  We want to build 5,000 megawatts of solar power so that we can , in the next 10 years , prove to ourselves and to the world that solar and wind can be a base load , " she added . These are ambitious targets and promises that may go up in smoke if the world fails to reach consensus in Durban .	South Africa is host of the United Nations Climate Change Conference or COP17 South Africa is the world 's fourth largest coal exporter , selling some $ 10 billion-worth in 2010 Coal one of the worst polluters on the planet ; SA under pressure to reduce its use Government says it has plans to use more sustainable energy
CNN  -- Noah Baumbach is emerging as an emotionally acute , not to say eviscerating , observer of the middle-class intelligentsia , the kind of people who write letters to "  The New York Times " and might plausibly pop up in a Woody Allen movie . Unlike the Woodman , Baumbach does n't show his face on screen , but his films are no less personal for that : "  The Squid and the Whale " was a sometimes wincingly autobiographical account of two boys torn between their divorcing parents , and he 's not one to deflect an insight with a wisecrack . The cracks just cut deeper . I 've rarely experienced an audience recoil from a character as passionately as they did to Nicole Kidman 's toxically self-absorbed writer in "  Margot at the Wedding "  maybe her best performance , incidentally  . These are comedies in the sense that the characters are painfully ridiculous -- and all too recognizably real -- but Baumbach sure does n't make it easy for himself , or us . Roger Greenberg  Ben Stiller  is another neurotic narcissist , a middle-aged loner who comes back to Los Angeles to house-sit while his brother enjoys a long vacation in the Far East . Greenberg  only his brother calls him Roger  can feed the family dog , but the truth is that he desperately needs to regroup and recharge after a spell in a mental hospital . He has one friend , Ivan  Rhys Ifans  , who still has time for him and a wider circle of former friends who do n't . We soon learn that Greenberg used to front a band , but it fell apart after he turned down a recording deal , and he 's been in New York ever since , under-achieving on a permanent basis . "  I 'm trying to do nothing for a while , " is how he explains himself to anyone who will listen . Stiller finds a note of defiance in this pathetic rationalization  along with his powerlessness , Greenberg has developed an angry streak  , but it 's clear to almost everyone how lost he really is . He 's living in the past , fantasizing about his old girlfriend  a deftly ironic cameo by Baumbach 's wife , Jennifer Jason Leigh  and scarcely able to look after himself , let alone his brother 's dog . It 's hard to believe this hunched misanthrope grew up in sunny California -- he can barely doggy-paddle and always dresses for rain -- but Stiller knows him inside out . He shows us someone trapped in his own disappointment , flailing and failing . Then there 's Florence  Greta Gerwig  , his brother 's personal assistant/nanny , a wannabe singer who defaults to doormat status in almost any social exchange . Greenberg throws himself on her with an awkward mixture of condescension and vulnerability , and their fumbling relationship -- physical but scarcely intimate -- serves as a kind of love story , or at least the unspoken promise of one . It 's crucial to Baumbach 's strategy that Gerwig  a mainstay of the new millennial American independent scene  is ordinarily beautiful , not movie-star knockout . Florence is self-conscious and unsure of herself , which is why she 'll drive Greenberg around  he does n't drive  even after he 's walked out on her twice . Uneventful  the dog gets sick , and , uh , that 's about it  , "  Greenberg " resembles the kind of films Gerwig has been making  "  LOL , " "  Baghead "  , but on a bigger budget and with one of Hollywood 's most accomplished cinematographers on board  Harris Savides , whose credits include "  Zodiac " and "  Milk "  . That is , it coalesces around tentative , half-formed ideas about how to be a person in the world . "  Greenberg " shows that young people are n't the only ones wondering what they 're to make of themselves and whether it 's already too late . Its best sequence , the climax , is an impromptu house party in which Greenberg finds himself pontificating , stoned , before a bemused audience half his age -- and at long last manages to accept himself . It 's a small victory but worth savoring .	Director Noah Baumbach is best known for "  The Squid and the Whale " Ben Stiller 's character is neurotic narcissist who returns to Los Angeles to house-sit Film involves ideas of what it is to be a person in the world
CNN  -- English contains more words than any other language on the planet and added its millionth word early Wednesday , according to the Global Language Monitor , a Web site that uses a math formula to estimate how often words are created . The Global Language Monitor says the millionth word was added to English on Wednesday . The site estimates the millionth English word , "  Web 2.0 " was added to the language Wednesday at 5:22 a.m. ET . The term refers to the second , more social generation of the Internet . The site says more than 14 words are added to English every day , at the current rate . The "  Million Word March , " however , has made the man who runs this word-counting project somewhat of a pariah in the linguistic community . Some linguists say it 's impossible to count the number of words in a language because languages are always changing , and because defining what counts as a word is a fruitless endeavor . Paul J.J. Payack , president and chief word analyst for the Global Language Monitor , says , however , that the million-word estimation is n't as important as the idea behind his project , which is to show that English has become a complex , global language . "  It 's a people 's language , " he said . Other languages , like French , Payack said , put big walls around their vocabularies . English brings others in . "  English has the tradition of swallowing new words whole , " he said . "  Other languages translate . " The Internet , global commerce and global travel have accelerated the trend by putting English in contact with many other linguistic groups . This has made English more rich and more complex -- hence all of the new terms , he said . Still , Payack says he does n't include all new words in his count . Words must make sense in at least 60 percent of the world to be official , he said . And they must make sense to different communities of people . A new technology term that 's only understood in Silicon Valley would n't count as a mainstream word , he said . His computer models check billions of Web sites -- including the Global Top 5,000 media sites -- dictionaries , scholarly publications and news articles to see how frequently words are used , he said . A word must make 25,000 appearances to be deemed legitimate . Learn about how other languages stack up " Payack said news events have also fueled the rapid expansion of English , which he said has more words than any other language . Mandarin Chinese comes in second with about 450,000 words , he said . English terms like "  Obamamania , " "  defriend , " "  wardrobe malfunction , " "  zombie banks , " "  shovel ready " and "  recessionista " all have grown out of recent news cycles about the presidential election , economic crash , online networking or a sports event , he said . Other languages might not have developed new terms to deal with such phenomena , he said . Language experts who spoke with CNN said they disapprove of Payack 's count , but they agree that English generally has more words than most , if not all , languages . "  This is stuff that you just ca n't count , " said Jesse Sheidlower , editor at large of the Oxford English Dictionary . "  No one can count it , and to pretend that you can is totally disingenuous . It simply ca n't be done . " The Oxford English Dictionary has about 600,000 entries , Sheidlower said . But that by no means includes all words , he said . For example , Sheidlower said "  great-great-great-great grandfather " could be considered a word , but would n't be in the dictionary . There 's a similar problem with numbers , which may be counted up by their pieces -- "  twenty " and "  three " -- but not always as a group , as in "  two-hundred twenty-three . " Part of what makes determining the number of words in a language so difficult is that there are so many root words and their variants , said Sarah Thomason , president of the Linguistic Society of America and a linguistics professor at the University of Michigan . In the language of native Alaskans , she said , there are dozens of words for snow , but many of them are linked together and would n't be counted individually . Does that mean , she asked , that "  slush , " "  powder " and other snow words in English should be counted as one entry ? Thomason called the million-word count a "  sexy idea " that is "  all hype and no substance . " Linguists and lexicographers run into further complications when trying to count words that are spelled one way but can have several meanings , said Allan Metcalf , an English professor at MacMurray College in Illinois , and an officer at the American Dialect Society . "  The word bear , b-e-a-r -- is that two words or one , for example ? You have a noun that 's a wild creature and then you have b-e-a-r , -LSB- which means -RSB- to bear left or to bear right , and there 's many other things , " he said . "  So you really ca n't be exact about a millionth word . " Payack said he does n't consider his to be the definitive count , just an interesting estimation based on set criteria he has helped develop . "  It 's always an estimation , " he said . "  It 's like the height of Mount Everest is an estimation . The height of Mount Everest has changed five times in my lifetime because as we get better tools , the estimates get better . " He said the count is meant to be a celebration of English as a global language . And , while he says other languages are being stamped out by English 's expansion , it 's a powerful thing that so many people today are able to communicate with such a vast list of words .	Web site estimates English got its millionth word at 5:22 a.m. Wednesday English accumulates new words from other languages and from its global reach Linguists question group 's formula , which estimates rate of new words English has more words than any other language , site says
CNN  -- How do you imagine the computer of the future ? In movies like "  Iron Man " and "  Minority Report , " characters reach out and move virtual objects around in midair with their hands , sending windows and images sailing through 3-D space without touching a keyboard or controller . That future is now here . The new Leap Motion controller , which starts shipping preorders Monday and costs $ 80 , is the first commercial gadget that will bring some of that Hollywood magic to laptops and desktops . The screen is still two-dimensional for now , but fingers and hands are free to poke , grab and flick in 3-D to move through applications . The device will go on sale at Best Buy on July 28 . CNN tested out the new controller to get a taste of this touch-free future .  Full disclosure : Last month we named Leap Motion as one of our 10 startups to watch for 2013 .  Here are our impressions : Motion detection Motion-detection sensors are presumed to be the next big input device for computers , complementing existing input technology like the mouse , keyboard , touchscreen and voice control . The Leap Motion controller follows in the footsteps of the Microsoft Kinect . But where the Kinect tracks large movements for the entire body , the Leap is meant for small , subtle hand movements made close to the screen . Leap says its technology can track precise movements to within one-hundredth of a millimeter . Optimally , the Leap controller sits about an inch in front of the keyboard , lined up with the middle of the computer screen . Its sensors can pick up movement as far as 2 feet up in the air and 2 feet out from each side of the device , creating an invisible oblong field for moving your hands around . The Mac - and Windows-compatible controller plugs into a USB port and is remarkably small -- close in size to a pack of gum . The half-inch-high and 3-inch-long rectangle is also impressively light , weighing in at a tenth of a pound . The device is n't just a another way to nudge a cursor around or input data . "  Our philosophy is not that the Leap is intended to replace the mouse and keyboard , " said Michael Buckwald , Leap 's co-founder and CEO . He says the Leap controller can tap into a new way of working with applications that is richer than existing methods , but will never be a more efficient way to do certain tasks , like enter data into a spreadsheet . "  The Leap is not binary , " he said . "  The mouse can only be clicking or not clicking . " Leap has been working with developers to create apps specifically for the controller . The Leap Motion apps are cordoned off in their own launch application , called Airspace . To buy new apps , you are taken to the Web-based Airspace store where they are sorted by category or platform . There are a few professional apps , lots of casual games , tools for learning a new instrument like a harp or piano , and educational programs . Most are platform agnostic , but about 30 % are only for Windows or Mac . Windows users can install Unlock , which lets you unlock your computer by waving your hand above the controller . It recognizes your unique hand shape and uses it as a password . Drawbacks Using the Leap to navigate this added dimension has its challenges . Gestures are not unified across all apps . Scrolling might be a forward circular motion with a single finger in one app , and left to right in another . Apps include instructions , but getting the feel for each one takes time . The Leap works best when your hands are parallel to the desk . If a hand is too vertical , the sensors ca n't pick out individual fingers . The Leap sensors are extremely sensitive . This is great for when you want to make small precise movements , but maddeningly finicky when you 're just trying to do something simple like select a button . In the app Frog Dissection , pinning a virtual amphibian to a table to dissect it requires a steady hand . Keeping your arms and hands very still -- a requirement in many programs to select something on the screen -- is harder and more tiring than it looks . Leap suggests using the device with your elbows propped on the desk . When you are in the zone in an app -- having mastered where your hands need to be and how much movement is just enough -- the tracking can be incredibly accurate and the results impressive . This is best demonstrated in creative apps that help users make music or art . It 's also fun for zipping through the universe in your own private planetarium using the Exoplanet app . The effort it takes to make an app decipher your 3-D movements can make some tasks more difficult , not less . Take the clean , simple New York Times app for Leap . The app shows one row of articles and a few simple gestures for selecting and scrolling through them . It takes practice to get the hang of it , and even once you do , the experience is halting . Sometimes you 'll send the queue racing off in the wrong direction . Other times you 'll wonder why your article-closing hand wave is n't being picked up by the controller . The New York Times app hits on a common issue with many of these early Leap applications : Using 3-D gestures does n't improve on many experiences . Reading the Times , playing "  Cut the Rope " and dissecting a digital frog would all be more satisfying experiences on a touchscreen device  or , for the latter , on an actual frog  . A promising future Despite these limitations , the Leap technology has a bright future . Developers are working on new apps and on integrating Leap support into existing ones -- the Google Earth app is an early example . Another app called Touchless attempts to bring Leap controls to regular Mac and Windows OS actions . Buckwald said that while the company has been focusing on this controller for now , the hardware is small enough to be built into mobile devices like a tablet . Working directly with an equipment manufacturer could result in a more controlled and consistent experience . The Leap Motion controller is a promising foray into desktop 3-D gesture control . The technology feels like the rough first draft of something that will grow more polished over time . It 's still young , and will hopefully improve as developers pinpoint the best ways to use it . The Leap is a curiosity worth watching . But for now , do n't ditch your keyboard and mouse .	Leap Motion controller lets you manipulate computer apps with hand gestures Using motion sensors , the controller detects your hand movements 2 feet away Navigating with Leap takes practice as the device can be maddeningly sensitive The controller costs $ 80 and will be available at Best Buy starting July 28
CNN  -- Police in southern California have arrested the husband of a slain Iraqi woman -- whose death authorities first thought could have been a hate crime -- on suspicion of her murder . Shaima Alawadi , 32 , died from her injuries in March after she was brutally beaten at her home . A note beside the body told the family to go back to Iraq and called them "  terrorists , " her daughter said . At the time , authorities did not rule out the possibility her death could have been a hate crime , though they said then they were examining other possibilities as well . "  After months of hard work by El Cajon Police Department detectives , we determined that this homicide was the result of domestic violence and not the result of a hate crime , " said city Police Chief Jim Redman . Alawadi 's husband , Kassim Al-Himidi , was arrested Thursday and booked at the San Diego Central Jail on suspicion of murder , he said . According to authorities , Al-Himidi , 48 , is being held without bail and is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday for an arraignment . It was not immediately clear whether he had retained an attorney . His wife 's death drew international attention . Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki provided a plane that flew Alawadi 's body back to Iraq , where the mother of five was buried . Dozens of people attended the funeral , including her husband . Alawadi and Al-Himidi moved to the San Diego County area in 1995 and then briefly lived in Dearborn , Michigan , before moving back to California . El Cajon , where the family lived , and Dearborn have sizable Iraqi communities -- among the nation 's largest . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland called the attack on Alawadi an "  absolutely brutal beating . " She said in March that "  authorities are continuing to search for motives behind this attack , but the United States has no tolerance for wanton acts of violence like this . "	Kassim Al-Himidi is in custody on suspicion of murdering his Iraqi wife Shaima Alawadi , 32 , died in March after she was attacked at her home A note beside the body called the family "  terrorists , " her daughter said Police say now Alawadi 's death was the result of domestic violence , not a hate crime
CNN  -- The Green Vault in Dresden Castle houses one of the largest collections of treasure in Europe , with its spectacular baroque chambers filled with jewels and objets d'art . Although these masterpieces are comparable with those of Florence or Venice , they have yet to achieve the renown of the Italian museums . But with restoration of the castle completed last year , the Green Vault stands out as the jewel-box of Europe for its exceptional art and architecture , and its representation of one of the world 's great cultural cities . In the early 18th century , Augustus the Strong , ruler of Saxony , worked to establish Dresden as a major center for the arts , inviting talented sculptors , goldsmiths and painters to take up residence . He commissioned a series of magnificent rooms to showcase his valuables as a way of advertising the city 's cultural prominence in addition to its wealth . The result was the Green Vault , the first public museum in Europe . It is an astounding collection of ornaments , ranging from shimmering bowls carved out of crystal and agate to jeweled gold figurines to the Dresden Green , the largest and finest green diamond in the world . During the Allied bombing of 1945 , Dresden was decimated , and the vault was destroyed . Though the treasures had been relocated to a fortress , they were later confiscated by the Red Army and taken to Russia . In 1958 , the jewels were returned to Dresden , but most of the pieces were not on public display until 2004 , after a reconstruction project costing over 45 million euros . Striking photos reveal hidden history of black Britons in the Victorian era Today , this splendid museum is divided into two parts . In the elegant New Green Vault , individual pieces are shown in modern minimalist cases , with lighting and technology designed precisely to enhance each object . Downstairs , the Historic Green Vault recreates the grand halls of Augustus , with rooms devoted to specific materials such as ivory and amber , and suites of gems classified by color . These rooms are baroque works of art in themselves , mirrored and painted malachite green with gold trimmings . The curiosities here include goblets fashioned from gilded ostrich eggs , ivory towers with impossibly tiny spirals and a radiant cabinet of carved amber . The New Green Vault is celebrating the 10th anniversary of its opening , and it contains over a thousand of Augustus ' best pieces , which were intended to stun visitors and subjects with a show of extravagance and craftsmanship . Among the highlights are drinking vessels engraved with Chinese motifs and jewelry inspired by the royal court of Delhi . It is fascinating to see how often European ideals of luxury took the form of orientalist fantasies during this period . According to Dr. Larry Silver , professor of art history at the University of Pennsylvania , the Mughal empire had acquired a legendary reputation at this time , becoming a symbol of "  power and wealth -LSB- that -RSB- could only be imagined and envied by European rulers ... a fairytale image of magnificence to be admired and imitated . " How some whisky lovers are now making millions Augustus ' most valued possession was a miniature diorama depicting the unlimited riches of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb , Augustus ' contemporary on the Indian subcontinent . Aurangzeb , who was referred to as the "  world-seizer , " is seen at his 50th birthday celebrations during the height of the empire . From his throne , he receives rajahs and princes ; dishes filled with gold coins and elephants draped in gems are presented as gifts . In an unusual twist , the walls of the court are decorated with Chinese dragons , so that a dream of orientalism becomes even more fantastic . This diorama was created over seven years by the great goldsmith and royal jeweler , Johann Melchior Dinglinger , and features rubies , emeralds , pearls , over 4000 diamonds and a single sapphire . Only 58 centimeters tall , it cost Augustus more than the construction of the opulent Moritzburg Castle . Dinglinger is responsible for several of the masterworks in the collection , including the Jewel of the Order of the Golden Fleece , a prestigious insignia with three flaming rubies used to signify the values of knighthood . His most iconic piece may be the so-called Moor with Emerald Cluster , a statue of a dark-skinned young prince  whose tattoos are actually native American  bearing a tortoiseshell platter of Colombian emeralds . The memorabilia honoring Soviet space dogs Like the city of Dresden , the Green Vault has been strategically rebuilt , in a style which combines modern and baroque elements . For Hartwig Fischer , director of the Dresden State Art Collections , the construction of the vault has caused people in Saxony to "  fundamentally rethink our architectural heritage , " more than any building of the last century . The New Green Vault is a triumph of sleek lines and cutting-edge presentation ; for its 10th anniversary , a new lighting scheme has been introduced to focus the gaze on individual works . On the other hand , the restored Historic section embodies the total fusion of art and architecture envisioned by Augustus . As such , the vault reflects Dresden 's two sides : its past as the "  Florence of the Elbe " and its current status as a hub for contemporary design . The 10 greatest book covers of all time Meet the surrealist behind fashion 's most memorable images Works of art that shocked the world Ink with meaning : What we can learn from the tattoos of our ancestors	Recently renovated Green Vault at Dresden Castle houses world 's largest collection of treasures It was the first public museum , built in the early 18th century by Augustus the Strong Recent restoration efforts cost over 45 million euros
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro told legislators Saturday that the country 's economy would undergo significant change in the coming year , but added that the measures aimed to bolster socialism -- not make Cuba a capitalist nation . Castro has begun a radical shakeup of the Soviet-style economic model , previously announcing the elimination of one million state jobs and the expansion of private businesses . Cuba 's National Assembly tapped him as the Caribbean nation 's president in 2008 , ending nearly five decades of rule by his older brother Fidel Castro . As part of the plan , Cubans are being allowed and even encouraged to go into business for themselves , working as barbers , plumbers and even birthday clowns as the government tries to boost productivity . "  The measures we are applying , and all of the changes that are necessary for the modernization of the economic model , are aimed at preserving socialism , strengthening it and making it truly irreversible , " said Castro , according to a copy of his speech published by the state-run website Cubadebate . Castro has called for debates across the country before April , when the Communist Party holds its first congress in almost 14 years at which they could approve his plan . In the speech , he insisted there should no longer be a stigma attached to working in the private sector . "  Many Cubans confuse socialism with handouts and subsidies , equality with egalitarianism , " said the president , who spoke at the close of the country 's National Assembly in Havana , according to Cubadebate . The government expects the Cuban economy to grow 3.1 percent next year , up from a projected 2.1 percent growth in 2010 . "  We can assure you that , this time , there will be no going back . " said Castro .	The president says the aim is to make socialism "  irreversible " "  There will be no going back , " Castro says Cuban officials expect its economy to grow 3.1 percent in 2011
CNN  -- While I was raised with conservative values , I grew up in a progressive town , Washington , D.C. , where openly gay teachers were normal and a pregnancy did n't mean you had to visit a cousin in Europe for nine months . I 'm fiscally conservative and socially liberal . As I wait for the final presidential wrestling match Monday night , I 'm three debates down , drowning in attack ads , and I still do n't know who to vote for . Debates are great fodder for Jon Stewart and SNL 's "  Weekend Update "  who does n't love a good babbling-Biden joke ?  , but for me , the debates have n't changed anything . President Obama is less of a rock star than he was four years ago . Still , in comparison to Mitt Romney , he 's Aerosmith . I get the feeling that Obama has thought about the future of American youth and has made a clear effort to bring them into his cause . See what one undecided single woman is seeking Let 's face it , it 's cool to vote for Obama . This is why any young celebrity supporting Romney will make headlines a la Lindsay Lohan and Stacey Dash .  Who is Stacey Dash ? Here comes a joke in itself : She 's best known for her role as "  Dee " in the movie Clueless . Ignoring the crash-and-burn and B-list celebrities on his side , I 'm wondering : Why has n't Romney made any effort for the youth vote ? Romney reminds me of everyone 's embarrassing Grandpa Eddie , who thinks gays can be "  turned " and does n't understand why you ca n't roll down your windows on an airplane . His ultra-conservative lifestyle -- his adherence to his faith 's ban on drinking , his tendency to say "  shoot " and "  darn it " -- tells us he 's from another generation . Opinion : Does Romney ` get ' women who work ? His now infamous "  47 % " confession did n't help . True , 47 % of the nation was n't going to vote for him anyway , but I do n't want a president who thinks , "  Half of you are worthless -- but choose me ! " It 's probably not the smartest political strategy to tell people they are incapable and then ask them for their vote . I 'm the demographic Romney needs to win over : Young , female , undecided . My conservative side wants to like Mitt , but he 's not making it easy . Do n't tell me you 're out of work and understand unemployment when you are worth $ 200 million and post-grads like me ca n't find a job . Do n't say , "  Planned Parenthood , we 're going to get rid of that , " like you 're throwing out an old sofa . Planned Parenthood is not a "  that . " Give me something , anything , to work with . A recent "  Saturday Night Live " skit had Jay Pharoah portraying Obama . He said , "  There 's your choice , America : Stick with what 's been barely working , or take your chances " with Romney . Unfortunately , that 's the best summary I 've heard of the 2012 election . Opinion : The speech every woman should hear Obama , my socially liberal side supports you , but what about the national debt ? Hope and change were great slogans , but they are not plans . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice ... Am I voting for you when I should know better ? Romney , show me you are human . Inform me with reason but connect to me with emotion . Use that connection to get your point across . I know your hair looks like it came off a Lego man , but there has to be more there than plastic . I may be young , but I 'm certainly not worthless , and I 'm not in the "  47 % . " In fact , I 'm the most valuable American Romney could have : 100 % undecided . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cat del Valle Castellanos .	I 'm fiscally conservative , socially liberal and undecided , says Cat del Valle Castellanos Obama is now less of a rock star , but compared to Romney , he 's Aerosmith , she says Castellanos : I 'm the demographic Mitt Romney needs to win over : young and female I may be young , but I 'm certainly not worthless , and I 'm not in the "  47 % , " she says
Fast Company  -- The iPad is changing how folks read stuff online -- no surprise if you think how different a gizmo it is to a PC . But a new study shows it 's moving online reading into primetime TV hours , which is big news . Is evening reading coming back , just in a digital style ? The study comes from internal data acquired by ReadItLater , a web service that lets users bookmark web content for perusal at a different time . Though you may think this slightly colors the dataset , the way this service works gives the company unique access to time-coded data on how iPad users  and traditional computer users  read content online . By looking at how traffic moves through their servers , normalized for global time differences , the ReadItLater team worked out how traditional PC users spread their online reading out during the day . As you may expect , given how deeply into our everyday lives the computer has penetrated , the curve of content consumption is pretty stable -- not much happens in the wee small hours of the day , then as people wake and go to work there 's more traffic , with a small peak spread out around traditional lunch hours and another around 8 p.m. after the evening meal . When you look at iPhone and iPad user traffic , distinct from "  normal " PCs , everything is suddenly very different . iPhone users have distinct peaks in their reading habits , timed to correspond with the morning routine of breakfast , then a commute to work , the end of the work day and homeward journey , and then last thing in the evening . This matches the iPhone 's status as a handy , portable , always-on Net browser that 's good for quick content consumption . But it 's with the iPad that the statistics get very odd indeed : With minor usage spikes first thing in the morning , at lunchtime and then dinner time , the main bulk of iPad text content consumption is from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. . Fast Company : iPad 2 rumor round-up This is prime-time TV 's slot , and it seems that as well as settling back on the sofa to watch TV , people are taking their iPad with them too . The data does n't reveal if folk are multitasking  spending some time ogling their favorite shows , some looking data up on the Web  or are ignoring the TV altogether -- but the data will still be of concern to TV execs who expect uninterrupted attention from TV watchers , in order to maximize ad revenues . Plus it 's something of a return to a traditional leisure hour image : People settling down on the couch after the evening meal to read the paper or a book , possibly to listen to the radio at the same time . Remembering a study last year that showed how much time users devote to reading magazines on an iPad , we have to wonder is the iPad causing a renaissance in reading -- just digitally , and with Web content as well as digital books content ? Fast Company : More technology coverage If this is true , then Rupert Murdoch 's Daily iPad newspaper is arriving with pinpoint timing . And the hordes of Android tablets that have just arrived should accentuate the effect . This is thus something that PR and advertising executives need to pay careful attention to , because the attention focus of the average consumer may be switching away from the TV to their other  newer  powerful glowing screen -- in their laps . Copyright  2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Main bulk of iPad text content consumption is from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. Data does n't reveal if folk are multitasking by watching TV at the same time It 's something of a return to a traditional leisure hour image
CNN  -- Severe turbulence contributed to injuries aboard two flights that landed in Boston , authorities said Sunday . In the first incident , seven people were hurt aboard a JetBlue Airways flight from Puerto Rico to Boston , authorities said . Six of those hurt suffered back or neck injuries , said Boston 's Logan Airport spokesman Phil Orlandella . The other suffered from a severe coffee burn . Three of those injured refused medical attention , he added . The aircraft was an Airbus 320 model , flying from San Juan with 130 passengers and five crew members on board . Flight 852 landed in its intended destination of Boston around 10 p.m. , about 20 minutes ahead of schedule , according to the airline 's website . In the second incident , Lufthansa flight 429 headed from Charlotte , North Carolina , to Munich , Germany , was diverted to Boston with 11 reported injuries due to turbulence . Orlandella did not know the extent of the injuries . There were 245 passengers and 18 crew members on board . The plane later landed in Munich without incident , said Martin Riecken , a spokesman for Lufthansa . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report	One incident involves a JetBlue flight ; the other a Lufthansa flight Seven people are injured in the JetBlue incident Eleven were reported hurt in the Lufthansa flight
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Eight current and former Bell , California , city officials arrested and charged Tuesday with misappropriation of funds and making or receiving illegal loans demonstrated "  corruption on steroids , " the Los Angeles County district attorney said . The charges allege the officials misappropriated more than $ 5.5 million , including being paid for phantom meetings , District Attorney Steve Cooley said at a news conference . High salaries paid to officials of the city sparked local outrage and national attention when they came to light in July . Bell City Manager Robert Rizzo , Police Chief Randy Adams and Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia resigned after media reports that they were making several hundred thousand dollars a year each . Adams was not charged , Cooley said . "  The complaint alleges they used the tax dollars collected from the hard-working citizens of Bell as their own piggy bank , which they looted at will , " Cooley said at the news conference . Arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday . In addition to Rizzo and Spaccia , those arrested were Mayor Oscar Hernandez , Vice Mayor Teresa Jacobo , council members George Mirabal and Luis Artiga ; and former council members George Cole and Victor Bello . Bail ranged from $ 3.2 million for Rizzo to $ 130,000 for Cole . A battering ram was used to secure the arrest of Hernandez , Cooley said . Rizzo , who was being paid nearly $ 800,000 annually , is charged with 53 counts of misappropriation of public funds and conflict of interest . Among the allegations are that he wrote his own employment contracts and that they were never approved by the City Council , prosecutors said . Cooley alleges that Rizzo , hired as Bell 's chief administrative officer in September 1994 , gave nearly $ 1.9 million in unauthorized loans to himself , Spaccia , Artiga , Hernandez and dozens of others . Rizzo is responsible for $ 4.3 million of the city 's losses , Cooley said . Rizzo 's attorney , Jim Spertus , said Cooley ensured that reporters witnessed the arrest of his client and called it "  grossly unprofessional . " "  Candidate Cooley wants some good campaign material , " Spertus said , making reference to the district attorney 's candidacy for California attorney general . " -LSB- Rizzo 's -RSB- salary was openly transparent to the City Council , and the council approved it , " he said , adding that his client will fight the charges . Spertus also said the city 's loan program followed procedures and that Cooley 's office did not interview many pertinent witnesses . Prosecutors charged Hernandez , Jacobo , Mirabal , Cole , Bello and Artiga with nearly two dozen counts of misappropriating approximately $ 1.2 million of public funds . Cooley alleges that they held "  bogus meetings " that lasted only minutes at a time -- or not at all -- and collected payment . "  The -LSB- council -RSB- for their part provided no checks , no balances , " Cooley said . "  The council members were busy enriching themselves for collecting money for meetings that never occurred . " California Attorney General Edmund G. Brown recently sued several of the former officials "  to recover the excess salaries " that Bell officials were being paid . He also was pursuing a reduction of their pension benefits . "  This is a very serious matter when public officials breach their duty to the public and enrich themselves with enormous obscene salaries which then trigger pensions of similar magnitude , " Brown said . The suit accuses officials of fraud , civil conspiracy , waste of public funds and breach of fiduciary duty . It also alleges they deliberately misled citizens about the accurate amount of their pay . Bell , in southeast Los Angeles County , had 36,624 residents as of the 2000 census . The median annual income is less than $ 35,000 . Rizzo 's last annual base salary was $ 787,638 , Adams earned $ 457,000 , and Spaccia received $ 336,000 , according to Brown 's office . Before recently cutting their pay , Bell city council members received $ 96,000 a year , compared with $ 4,800 a year earned by council members in similar-sized cities . Since 1993 , the council raised Rizzo 's salary 16 times , with an average jump of 14 percent yearly , the attorney general said . In 2005 , he received an increase of 47 percent . Since 2001 , city council members also awarded themselves 16 percent raises yearly . Brown , who is running for governor , said Rizzo prepared a memo for the public saying council members received $ 673 a month and he was paid $ 15,478 a month , which would amount to annual salaries of about $ 8,000 and $ 185,000 respectively . Brown said his suit is separate from a criminal probe , and he added that he plans to widen a statewide investigation of public salaries and benefits , and called for legislative reform . He said he was serving a subpoena on the city of Vernon , which is near Bell , "  to obtain compensation records for city officials and employees . " News articles have reported that one Vernon city official received an annual salary of $ 785,000 , and another received a total of $ 1.6 million in compensation in a single year , according to Brown . Vernon has a population of less than 100 people . Also last week , acting California Gov. Abel Maldonado signed legislation to return "  illegal and excessive taxes " to Bell residents . California State Controller John Chiang said last month that property owners in Bell paid and estimated $ 3 million in extra taxes over the past three years . Bell passed an "  illegal resolution in 2007 that resulted in a 50 percent increase in the tax rate over the course of three years , " according to the governor 's office . Chiang said Bell began raising property tax rates in 2007 to pay for pension obligations , even though state law caps those taxes at the rate used in fiscal year 1983-84 . The lower rates would deliver , for example , an estimated $ 250 in annual savings on a property worth $ 275,000 . Cooley said the citizens of Bell did not act as a watchdog . "  The electorates of these cities have to be involved if they really care about their city . That did not happen in this instance . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Defense attorney says case is about politics This is "  corruption on steroids , " district attorney says Eight Bell city officials arrested High salaries in Bell sparked outrage in July
Former teen idol David Cassidy must spend the next five years on probation after pleading no contest to a drunken driving charge in Los Angeles on Monday . A judge also ordered Cassidy , 63 , to spend 90 days in alcohol rehab , but since he 's been in a residential program since his arrest in January he will be able to check out soon and resume his entertainment career , his manager said , In fact , the former "  Partridge Family " singer has gigs booked starting in North Carolina next month . Cassidy was arrested after a California Highway Patrol officer stopped him for making an illegal turn at a red light near the Los Angeles International Airport in January . The singer-actor blew .19 -- twice the legal level -- on an alcohol test administered by the officer who stopped his rented Chevrolet Impala , according to a California Highway Patrol statement . It was his second DUI arrest in six months and third since 2011 . ` Partridge Family ' dispute led to Cassidy drinking relapse His manager told CNN several days after his latest arrest that Cassidy 's drinking was the result of stressful questioning he had just undergone by lawyers about a legal dispute regarding "  Partridge Family " profits . "  David just completed a stint in rehab and was doing very well in sobriety , " manager Jo-Ann Geffen said . "  He was in Los Angeles to attend depositions by Sony Pictures Television , respondents in a lawsuit filed by Cassidy in 2011 over what he claims are monies long due him from ` Partridge Family ' merchandise , home video , etc. , " she said . "  After attending his and his manager 's depositions , it appears as if the pressure led to a brief relapse . " On the TV series , Cassidy played the eldest of five children of a widowed mother  Shirley Jones , who was then Cassidy 's real-life stepmother  . The family , all musicians , traveled to gigs in a brightly repainted school bus . When the show was canceled after four seasons , Cassidy launched his own pop music career , filling concert halls with screaming teenage girls attracted to such hits as "  I Think I Love You . " Photos : Celebrity substance abuse confessions	David Cassidy expects to resume his entertainment career next month Cassidy has been arrested three times on DUI charges in past three years Cassidy had just left rehab when he was stopped for drunken driving His manager blames stress over a "  Partridge Family " dispute
AOL Autos  -- As we 're in the midst of a trend that equates green with cool , just about every automaker is showcasing ecologically-minded concepts at the 2008 Detroit Auto Show .  Thank you Lamborghini for bucking the trend ... vehicles in their display are powered by gasoline gulping V10s and V12s . Explorer America Concept Wisely supporting the green trend , Ford chose to combine two important concepts in the debut of a single vehicle , the Ford Explorer America . Compared to Ford 's current SUV champ  the regular production Explorer  , the America concept is smaller , lighter , more efficient and more refined . Moving away from traditional truck-like body-on-frame construction , the America is a lighter-weight unitized design . The styling may be a hint at what a future Explorer might look like . But even more important than the styling is what 's under the America 's short hood . The V6 engine debuts a combination of technologies that delivers the fuel economy of a 4-cylinder with the power punch of a big V8 . Here are the highlights of the technology that Ford will roll out in the 2009 Lincoln MKS luxury sedan ; the so-called Eco-Boost engine features turbocharging and direct-injection . Readers with some automotive background know that turbocharging has been around over 100 years and that direct-injection style fuel injection is also not new . Diesel engines have positioned fuel injectors within the combustion chambers for several years . See other hot concept cars " However , for the first time , Ford has combined these two features on a gasoline engine . The result is an affordable line of 4 - and 6-cylinder engines that deliver excellent economy , reduced emissions , and impressive power . The 3.5-liter Gasoline Turbo Direct Injection V6 in the Explorer America is claimed to produce 340 horsepower , more than the base 4.6-liter V8 in a Ford F-150 pickup truck . Ford also pointed out that while a GTDI engine is more expensive than a similar engine without GTDI , it 's a technology that will pay for itself . Derrick Kuzak , Ford 's group vice president in charge of Global Product Development told us , "  The EcoBoost technology is affordable . Compared with the current cost of diesel and hybrid technologies , customers can expect to recoup their initial investment in a 4-cylinder EcoBoost engine through fuel economy savings in approximately 30 months . A diesel will take the average driver 7.5 years to save enough on fuel to pay for the option , while the cost of a hybrid will take nearly 12 years of driving to recoup . " While we understand the concept of saving fuel and money , we 're not exactly sure what the Explorer America 's implies . Perhaps this is what Captain America would drive ... after all , there 's plenty of room in this 6-passenger mid-size SUV for his shield and other members of the Justice League . Regarding names , we 'd actually like to see the return of the Bronco nameplate . But we 'd still let Captain America drive if he asked nicely . E-mail to a friend	Explorer America concept car turns popular model green Has 3.5-liter gasoline Turbo Direct Injection V6 engine Body is a lighter-weight unitized design
CNN  "  Birdman " flew high and "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " was truly grand at the nominations for the 87th Academy Awards , each earning nine nominations to top all films . "  Birdman , " subtitled "  The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance " -- which led to many multisyllabic mouthfuls during the Oscar announcements -- stars Michael Keaton as a former superhero actor trying to revive his career and his life by mounting a Broadway play . It earned nominations for best picture , best actor for Keaton , director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , supporting actor  Edward Norton  , supporting actress  Emma Stone  , original screenplay and cinematography , as well as some technical nods . Others receiving nominations for best picture are "  American Sniper , " "  Boyhood , " "  The Imitation Game , " "  The Theory of Everything , " "  Selma , " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " and "  Whiplash . " Complete list of Oscar nominations The rush of honors for "  Budapest , " about the denizens of a European hotel in the years between the world wars , was somewhat unexpected , though the film had won best comedy/musical at the Golden Globes  defeating "  Birdman , " among others  . The film was nominated for best picture and director  Wes Anderson  , along with original screenplay , cinematography , score and a host of other awards . "  The Imitation Game " received eight nominations . The drama stars Benedict Cumberbatch as British mathematician Alan Turing , who helped break the Germans ' Enigma coding machine in World War II and was a pioneer of computer science . Cumberbatch earned a best actor nomination to go along with the film 's nods for picture , director  Morten Tyldum  and supporting actress  Keira Knightley  . "  Boyhood , " which won the Golden Globe for best drama , also performed well , earning six nods . Director Richard Linklater picked up a nomination , as did supporting performers Ethan Hawke and Patricia Arquette . The movie follows the maturation of a child over 12 years and was filmed for a week or two each year so that audiences could see the actors age in real time . Overlooked A number of favorites were left off various lists . Though civil rights drama "  Selma " did get a best picture nomination , actor David Oyelowo was snubbed despite earning raves for his nuanced portrait of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Director Ava DuVernay , who would have been the first African-American woman to receive a best director nomination , was also overlooked . Jennifer Aniston had received a Golden Globe best actress nomination for "  Cake , " and had been widely expected to get her first Oscar nomination . But she did n't make the list . Critical and commercial hit "  Gone Girl , " adapted from the best-seller , did earn a best actress nomination for Rosamund Pike , but struck out in all other major categories . And then there were the lack of nominations for "  The Lego Movie , " one of the biggest hits of the year both with critics and audiences . Widely seen as a favorite among animated films and a possibility for original screenplay , it earned just one nomination , for best song  "  Everything Is Awesome "  . The nominees for best animated feature are "  Big Hero 6 , " "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 , " "  The Boxtrolls , " "  The Song of the Sea " and "  The Tale of Princess Kaguya . " Some surprises On the other hand , though "  Foxcatcher " missed out for best picture , the tragic story of a du Pont heir and two wrestling brothers scored in a number of other categories , including director , actor  Steve Carell  , supporting actor  Mark Ruffalo  and adapted screenplay . Also exceeding expectations : "  American Sniper , " director Clint Eastwood 's film based on the life of Navy SEAL Chris Kyle . It earned nominations for best picture , actor  Bradley Cooper  and adapted screenplay . Glen Campbell picked up a nomination for best song , "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You , " from the documentary "  Glen Campbell : I 'll Be Me . " The musician is suffering from Alzheimer 's , a battle depicted in the film . And though not really a surprise -- she 's been here many , many times before -- Meryl Streep earned her 19th acting nomination Thursday morning . This one was for best supporting actress for her performance as the Witch in "  Into the Woods . " Streep was the movie 's bright spot among the major categories , as "  Woods " missed out on a best picture nomination . The announcements of the nominees drew some inadvertent laughs when Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs mispronounced the name of cinematographer Dick Pope , nominated for his work on "  Mr. Turner , " as "  Dick Poop . " The malaprop quickly became a Twitter meme . The 87th Academy Awards will take place Sunday , February 22 , at Hollywood 's Dolby Theatre . Neil Patrick Harris will host . The show airs on ABC .	"  Birdman , " "  Grand Budapest Hotel " lead all Oscar nominees with 9 nods apiece "  The Imitation Game " follows with 8 ; "  Boyhood " gets 6
Prosecutors are seeking additional charges against the Cleveland man accused of keeping three women captive in his home for a decade , they told a judge . At a eight-minute hearing Wednesday , Ariel Castro , 52 , kept his head down , often closing his eyes and speaking only to answer "  yes " or "  no " to the judge 's questions . Prosecutor Timothy McGinty told Cuyahoga County Judge Michael Russo there is a possibility of more charges . "  We are presenting additional evidence to the grand jury next week and the week after . We expect we are going to request further indictments , " he said . Castro faces 329 counts , including one count of aggravated murder for allegedly causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy . Castro 's lawyers have filed a speedy-trial motion , which would mean the case would have to be tried by August 4 . However , that deadline could change if Castro 's attorneys change course and ask for more time to prepare for the case . Russo set the next pretrial hearing for June 26 and told the prosecution and defense that any plea deal would need to be in writing . The defense has said in the past that it would be open to a plea deal if the death penalty was taken off the table . This week , Castro entered a not guilty plea to all charges , including 139 counts of rape and 177 counts of kidnapping Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus . Castro fathered a daughter with Berry , according to authorities . Police have alleged Knight was impregnated by Castro five times , but he would punch her in the stomach , resulting in miscarriages and termination of all the pregnancies . Authorities said last week they are conducting DNA tests on evidence to determine if additional victims were inside Castro 's Cleveland home , and the state attorney general 's office says the crime lab is reviewing additional evidence in the case . Since the case began , investigators have been looking for evidence of aborted fetuses and evidence of any other girls or women who may have been kidnapped or held captive in the house .	Prosecutors say they are seeking more charges against Ariel Castro A grand jury will hear additional evidence next week The defense has asked for a speedy trial , which would mean the trial would start by August 4 Castro did n't say much during short hearing
CNN  -- Chelsea captain John Terry is an iconic figure with the English football club 's fans as a result of his on-field achievements in more than 15 years at Stamford Bridge . The center-back is the most successful skipper in Chelsea 's history , having led the London side to three Premier League titles , three FA Cups and two League Cups since 2004 . Terry , who turned 31 this month , has made more than 500 appearances for the club since his senior debut in 1998 , one of only five players to do so , and has represented his country 72 times since 2003 . After a brief spell on loan at second division Nottingham Forest , Terry established himself in Chelsea 's starting line-up as a 20-year-old during the 2000-01 Premier League season . England soccer captain Terry charged with racism His rise to prominence continued in June 2003 when he made his first appearance for the England national team , as manager Sven Goran Eriksson introduced him as a second-half substitute in a 2-1 win over Serbia and Montenegro . When former France defender Marcel Desailly left Chelsea in 2004 , Terry was handed the captain 's armband by then manager Jose Mourinho . His first year as skipper ended in glory , with the Blues lifting their first English championship in 50 years -- a feat that was repeated the following season . In 2006 Terry traveled to the FIFA World Cup with England , his second major tournament with the team having also played at Euro 2004 . Both events ended at the quarterfinal stage for Eriksson 's side . Footballers are TV stars , and should act like it The defender was named England captain by Eriksson 's successor Steve McClaren , and scored in his first match wearing the armband -- a 4-0 defeat of Greece at Manchester United 's Old Trafford stadium . It was against United that Terry experienced one of the most dramatic lows of his career , in the 2008 European Champions League final . Terry missed the chance to clinch Chelsea 's first European crown when he slipped while taking a penalty in the shootout , and his effort hit the post . United went on to triumph at a rain-soaked Luzhniki Stadium . In 2009-10 , Terry became the first man to lead the Blues to a Premier League and FA Cup double . Off the pitch , 2010 was a turbulent year for Terry . Revelations about his personal life were widely reported in the British press and he was also stripped of the England captaincy before the World Cup in South Africa . Terry 's second World Cup with England ended in humiliation as Fabio Capello 's team crashed 4-0 to Germany in the round of 16 . Capello reinstated Terry as England captain in March 2011 as a result of an injury to United center-back Rio Ferdinand . Terry has made 502 appearances for Chelsea , scoring 46 goals . He has also found the net on six occasions for England .	John Terry made his Chelsea debut against Aston Villa in 1998 Terry led the club to a first English championship in 50 years in 2005 He became the first Chelsea captain to win a league and FA Cup double in 2006 Terry is the current England captain , having been stripped of the role in 2010
Boston  CNN  -- Pounding his fist on the witness stand Thursday , real-estate developer Richard Buccheri , 73 , described the day he came face-to-face with Boston 's alleged Irish mob kingpin James "  Whitey " Bulger . Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during some two decades . He also faces charges of extortion , racketeering and money laundering . He had called Buccheri to a meeting to discuss the positioning of a fence on a property Bulger associate Kevin Weeks wanted to buy , Buccheri said . He said they had barely sat down when Bulger banged on the table and told Buccheri , "  You know Rich , sometimes you should just keep your mouth shut . You know Kevin Weeks is like a surrogate son . " Buccheri 's opinion on the positioning of the fence was not favorable to Weeks . Raising two fingers to his mouth to demonstrate , Buccheri said Bulger "  takes a shotgun off the table and sticks it in my mouth . Then he took it out , punched me in the shoulder and said , ` Richard you 're a stand-up guy . I 'm not going to kill you . " But then , he said , Bulger "  puts a 45 to my head " and demands $ 200,000 in 30 days , "  threatening to kill me and my family . " Buccheri said he cut a check for the 200-grand , which Bulger 's henchman , Steve Flemmi cashed days later . Buccheri said he had to give a Braintree bank teller verbal permission to cash the gargantuan check . Flemmi finished up his six days of testimony Thursday . He described a decades-long journey that included extortion , meetings with FBI agents and slayings . Flemmi testified he was by Bulger 's side for most of it , saying both were FBI informants . He described hundreds of occasions when he and Bulger met with FBI agents . The defense suggested Wednesday that Flemmi would say anything to sweeten his deal with prosecutors and possibly get out of prison , even though the government has never raised that as a possibility . Flemmi was arrested in 1995 , was found guilty and was sentenced in 2001 to 10 years in prison for extortion and money laundering . In 2003 he pleaded guilty 10 murders and was sentenced to life in prison . Bulger attorney Hank Brennan asked Flemmi whether he hoped to get out of prison one day , and Flemmi said , "  I 'm still alive . There 's always hope . " Brennan also highlighted Flemmi 's relatively comfortable living conditions . "  It 's like the Club Med of federal facilities , " he said . "  You really think so ? " Flemmi responded , apparently incredulous , about the undisclosed prison . Brennan also asked about an apparent delicatessen on the premises serving salmon , steak , and smoked oysters . Flemmi denied such a place exists , saying , "  If I fed some of that food to my dog , he 'd bite me . " He then complained about the July Fourth prison meal saying disgustedly , "  The hotdogs were burned . The hamburgers were burned . " Flemmi was spared the death penalty on the 10 murder charge after agreeing to testify against Bulger and his disgraced FBI informant handler , John Connolly . Authorities say Connolly accepted thousands of dollars from Bulger and his crew in payoffs and , in turn , tipped them off to law enforcement activity . Connolly was convicted of federal and state crimes and is serving 40 years in Florida . Under Flemmi 's plea deal , the government allowed him to keep numerous properties including a home , at least four condos and a coin laundry . Despite Connolly 's conviction and Flemmi 's testimony , Bulger 's lawyers have argued in this trial that he was not an FBI informant . Authorities say Connolly , who was raised in the same housing projects as Bulger , cut a deal with the alleged mob figure in 1975 . Bulger would give information about the Italian mob -- the FBI 's prime target -- while Bulger , authorities said , got names of rival gang members and other informants who had dirt on him . He is accused of killing those people . Without that FBI protection , prosecutors say , Bulger and Flemmi 's reign of terror would not have been as successful or lasted as long as it did , from the early 1970s through the mid-1990s . Bulger rose to the top of the notorious Winter Hill gang , prosecutors say , before he went into hiding for more than 16 years after the crooked FBI agent told him in December 1994 he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . He was captured in Santa Monica , California , two years ago , living under a false name with his girlfriend in an apartment in the oceanside city . The girlfriend , Catherine Greig , was sentenced to eight years in prison last summer for helping him evade capture . At his arraignment in July 2011 he pleaded not guilty to the 19 murder charges and 13 other counts . Through his lawyers , the 83-year-old defendant had argued he was given immunity by the FBI and a former prosecutor . The judge dismissed the claim , saying any purported immunity was not a defense against crimes Bulger faces . Prosecutors plan to call two more witness Friday , and expect to rest their case on the 30th day of trial . The defenses amended witness list , which was cut virtually in half to 32 witnesses last week , was whittled down to a potential 16 witnesses after Judge Denise Casper ruled some witnesses irrelevant and the defense withdrew a handful . The list is subject to further change . Among those virtually certain to testify are four FBI agents who the defense says will testify Bulger was not an informant for FBI in Boston . The government argued that Bulger is not "  charged " with being an informant and the testimony could confuse jurors . But Casper said that , "  given the centrality of the government 's allegation of Bulger being an informant to all of the matters in this case , I think those are proper witnesses . " Also on the stand Thursday afternoon was bar owner Kevin O'Neil , one of the O 's in "  Triple O 's Bar , " an establishment that doubled as one of Bulger 's many headquarters in the 1970s and '80s . O'Neil said he had Bulger on the payroll , but he was never an employee . When prosecuting attorney Zachary Hafer asked why he was on the payroll , O'Neil responded , "  He asked . " Hafer : "  Why did n't you say ` No ' " ? O'Neil : "  I did n't think it was smart . " O'Neil testified that in Christmas of 1994 he got a call from Connolly , who said , "  Get ahold of the kid because his friend has a problem . " In rapid-fire questioning , Hafer asked , The Kid ? -- "  Kevin Weeks " ; the friend ? -- "  Jim Bulger " ; the problem ? -- "  I believe indictments . " O'Neil testified that he then saw Connolly talking to Weeks shortly after that call . O'Neil said he never saw Bulger again after that day . Prosecutors say Connolly tipped Bulger off to a 1995 indictment , causing Bulger to go on the run , landing himself on the FBI 's top 10 most wanted list before being arrested in California . Besides the slayings , Bulger is accused of using violence , force and threats to shake down South Boston 's bookmakers , loan sharks and drug dealers . The Irish mob allegedly laundered its ill-gotten gains though liquor stores , bars and other property it owned in South Boston . CNN 's Gary Carter contributed to this report .	Real-estate developer Richard Buccheri says "  Whitey " Bulger put a gun to his head He says it happened as part of a dispute about the placement of a fence Buccheri : Bulger demanded $ 200,000 , "  threatening to kill me and my family "
CNN  -- Serena Williams says she hopes to return to tennis in May or June after undergoing surgery to remove a blood clot from her lungs . The 29-year-old American -- who has not played a competitive match since winning her fourth Wimbledon title in July 2010 -- is recuperating after going under the knife at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . Williams had emergency surgery on a haematoma on Monday after she was treated for a pulmonary embolism last week . Williams said in a statement : "  Thank you everyone for all of your prayers , concerns , and support . "  This has been extremely hard , scary , and disappointing . I am doing better , I 'm at home now and working with my doctors to keep everything under control . "  I know I will be OK , but am praying and hoping this will all be behind me soon . While I ca n't make any promises now on my return , I hope to be back by early summer . "  That said , my main goal is to make sure I get there safely . " Williams ' representative , Nicole Chabot , issued a statement confirming her client was now on the road to recovery . The statement said : "  Serena did indeed suffer from a pulmonary embolism last week , and the hematoma was another unexpected scare . "  Thankfully everything was caught in time . With continued doctor visits to monitor her situation , she is recuperating at home under strict medical supervision . " Williams , who is sixth in the list of all-time grand slam winners with 13 titles to her name , has been out of action after undergoing two operations on the right foot she injured on broken glass at a restaurant , putting her long-term future in doubt . She has also spent a total of 123 weeks at the top of the world rankings , before losing her position to current number one Caroline Wozniacki last October .	NEW : Serena Williams targets a return to tennis in May or June after emergency surgery Williams underwent an operation on a pulmonary embolism on Monday The American remains under observation at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center The 29-year-old has not played since winning her fourth Wimbledon title in 2010
Washington  CNN  -- Here are a few facts about the president 's annual address to Congress that probably wo n't show up in the headlines : Honey , which tie should I wear ? 2010 : Red with white stripes  President Obama 2009 : Red with white stripes  Obama 2008 : Blue  George W. Bush 2007 : Blue  Bush 2006 : Blue  Bush 2005 : Red  Bush 2004 : Red  Bush 2003 : Blue  Bush 2002 : Blue  Bush 2001 : Red  Bush 2000 : Red  Bill Clinton 1999 : Blue  Clinton Everything you wanted to know but were afraid to ask : -- Obama is the only African-American to have addressed a joint session or joint meeting of Congress . -- Over the years , several black speakers from other countries have addressed a joint meeting of Congress . Among the notable examples are Nelson Mandela in 1990 and 1994 and Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in 2006 . -- Although Woodrow Wilson holds the record for most speeches delivered before Congress , 26 , Franklin Roosevelt delivered the most State of the Union addresses -- 12 . -- Two presidents never prepared any type of State of the Union or annual message : William Henry Harrison and James Garfield . Harrison died after only 32 days in office , Garfield after only 199 days . -- The first annual message broadcast on radio was President Calvin Coolidge 's speech on December 6 , 1923 . -- The first televised State of the Union was delivered by President Harry Truman on January 6 , 1947 . -- The first prime-time State of the Union was delivered on January 4 , 1965 . President Lyndon Johnson moved the speech from its traditional midday time slot to the evening to attract a larger television audience . -- The first State of the Union to be webcast live on the internet was President George W. Bush 's 2002 address . -- The first and only postponement of a State of the Union occurred in 1986 . President Ronald Reagan was scheduled to deliver his address on January 28 , 1986 , the same day the space shuttle Challenger exploded . The speech was delayed until February 4 . -- Longest State of the Union : Harry Truman 's first State of the Union address , on January 22 , 1946 , was more than 25,000 words . -- The shortest : George Washington 's 1790 address was only 833 words and is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes . Just the facts , ma'am Obama : -- Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 : 69 minutes long and 89 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , February 24 , 2009 : 52 minutes and 61 applause interruptions . George W. Bush : -- Monday , January 28 , 2008 : 53 minutes and 70 applause interruptions . -- Wednesday , January 23 , 2007 : 50 minutes and 63 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , January 31 , 2006 : 51 minutes and 64 applause interruptions . The longest applause interruption , clocked at 52 seconds , was in honor of Staff Sgt. Daniel Clay , who was killed while serving in Iraq . -- Wednesday , February 2 , 2005 : 54 minutes , 66 applause interruptions and 44 standing ovations . -- Tuesday , January 20 , 2004 : 54 minutes and 67 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , January 28 , 2003 : 67 minutes including applause time ; 19 "  Saddam Hussein " references ; 22 "  terror " / "  terrorism " / "  terrorist " references ; one seat left empty in the gallery in honor of September 11 victims . Other terms and the number of times they were uttered : Tax : 13 , Nuclear : 11 , War : 12 , Evil : 4 , Compassion : 4 , Environment : 4 , Recession : 2 . -- Tuesday , January 29 , 2002 : 48 minutes and 78 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , February 27 , 2001 : 49 minutes and 86 applause interruptions . The welcoming applause lasted more than five minutes . Clinton : -- Thursday , January 27 , 2000 : 88 minutes , Clinton 's longest and 128 applause interruptions -- a record for him . -- Tuesday , January 19 , 1999 : 77 minutes and 95 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , January 27 , 1998 : 72 minutes ; length of applause was four minutes during the speech ; the welcoming applause lasted 2 minutes , 25 seconds ; 101 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , February 4 , 1997 : 60 minutes and 69 applause interruptions ; length of applause : 9 minutes . -- Tuesday , January 23 , 1996 : 62 minutes ; more than 60 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , January 24 , 1995 : 81 minutes ; more than 96 bursts of applause ; 39 standing ovations . -- Tuesday , January 25 , 1994 : 63 minutes ; 60 rounds of applause and 18 standing ovations . -- Wednesday , February 17 , 1993 : 65 minutes and more than 60 bursts of applause . George H.W. Bush -- Tuesday , January 28 , 1992 : 50 minutes and 76 applause interruptions . -- Tuesday , January 29 , 1991 : 47 minutes and more than 50 bursts of applause . The longest applause lasted more than a minute . Compiled by CNN Political Research Director Robert Yoon .	Longest State of the Union address was Harry Truman 's on January 22 , 1946 The shortest : George Washington 's 1790 address Former President George W. Bush was a big fan of wearing blue ties
Departures  -- The Skypark pool atop the Marina Bay Sands hotel in Singapore might be one of the most magnificent pools on earth : It 's an infinity-edged oasis 650 feet above ground with a mind-blowing view of the city 's skyline . It 's part of a massive rooftop entertainment platform perched atop three skyscrapers . While it may vie for the most dramatic , this high-altitude hot spot is now one of many built in major metropolises . These days pools are popping up on top of skyscrapers from New York to Sydney and everywhere in between , often with bars and restaurants that help transform the pool deck into a social scene all its own . "  In densely populated cities where space is at a such a premium , if you want to build something new and innovative , the only place to go is up , " says Thompson Toronto project architect Rob Cadeau , who turned the hotel 's rooftop into a gathering place by designing a bar adjacent to the pool area . Other designers have used increasingly dramatic effects -- infinity edges , cantilevered pool tanks , see-through flooring -- in order to distinguish and gain international attention for their offerings . "  Every time someone does something new , someone else has to up the ante , " says Cadeau . "  In the future , we 're going to see even more acrobatic engineering on rooftops , features that will stretch our perception of the pool edge , the height and the sensations you experience once you 're swimming . " The trend to create entertainment hubs above the hectic urban bustle started a decade ago in New York , where 35 hotels now feature a rooftop bar , many of which have pools . Boutique properties like the Soho House were the first to get in on the action , and other hotels followed suit , from Hotel Frasano 's Phillipe Starck-designed rooftop pool in Rio de Janeiro to the Joule in Dallas , where part of the pool hangs off the building . Eventually the laws of physics may keep designers from pushing the envelope any further . In the meantime -- the sky 's the limit . Departures.com : 10 stunning hotel penthouses Marina Bay Sands , Singapore The infinity pool at Marina Bay Sands soars a hair-raising 650 feet in the air , overlooking the Singapore skyline . The expansive "  SkyPark " deck and observation platform  large enough to fit three football fields  is perched 55 floors up on a platform that connects the hotel 's three skyscrapers . Guests who are n't content to swim or lounge can paraglide off the side . marinabaysands.com . Hotel Fasano , Rio de Janeiro This Phillipe Starck-designed rooftop pool deck is a feast for the eyes , from dramatic views of Ipanema beach and Two Brothers mountain to Starck 's sculptural installation of ear-shaped mirrors . Naturally even the guests are worth a glance : Madonna , Kevin Spacey and P. Diddy have all been spotted poolside . To help loungers stay cool as the people-watching heats up , the bar mixes specialty caipirinhas and freshly squeezed tropical juices . The hotel recently opened a Vichy shower room adjacent to the pool , which offers body wraps , massages and after-sun treatments by Spa Fasano and renowned Brazilian spa therapist Renata de Abreu . fasano.com.br . The Joule , Dallas When movie mogul Tim Headington , who has bankrolled such films as Martin Scorsese 's "  The Departed " and "  The Aviator , " built a pool on the tenth-floor rooftop of his downtown Dallas hotel , he opted for a little Hollywood-style drama , extending the pool eight feet out and over the side of the building , complete with an aquarium-like glass wall at the end overlooking the street . On warmer weekends The Joule hosts parties on the pool deck , which is complete with cabanas and a menu from the Charlie Palmer restaurant downstairs . Not outrageous enough ? The poolside loungers can request an SPF application from the onsite tanning butler . thejouledallas.com . InterContinental Hong Kong In a city with no shortage of IMAX-worthy hotel views , the one from the InterContinental demands a mention . Visitors can take in views of Victoria Harbour and nearby Hong Kong Island from one of three temperature-controlled infinity spa pools on the third floor pool terrace , which is open to all guests . Guests rotate between hot , warm and cold plunges on the 30,000-square-foot deck while a butler lingers nearby with a selection of beverages and facials mists . For those who need further relaxing after their swim , the feng shui -- based Ancient Rituals of the Orient treatment at I-Spa , located steps from the pool , is guaranteed to do the trick . The hotel also has a Presidential Suite and a CEO suite , which both have a private swimming pool and jacuzzi . hongkong-ic . intercontinental.com . Ritz Carlton Hong Kong This indoor pool stands a dizzying 1,500 feet above the street , offering a bird 's - eye view of Hong Kong Island . It also features 144 LED screens installed in the ceiling that display video and images , a hot and cold plunge area and an outdoor Jacuzzi . The pool shares the floor with OZONE , the highest bar in the world  rivaled only by at.mosphere in Dubai 's Burj Khalifa  . Head over to check out the space-age decor and take part in the drinking and dancing . ritzcarlton.com/hongkong . Departures.com : 25 top travel apps Soho House , New York City When it opened in Manhattan 's emerging Meatpacking District in 2003 , the heated top-floor pool at this members-only club instantly became the city 's most exclusive destination . Despite a nearly decade-long cooling off period , the buzz remains : the black-and-white-striped lounge chairs beside the pool are still prime real estate . While the pool has stayed members-only , visitors can gain access by booking one of the 24 rooms in the hotel below . sohohouseny.com . Hotel Unique , So Paulo The best time to pay a visit to this pool , poised atop one of So Paulo 's most cosmopolitan new design hotels , is after dark . That 's when the unparalleled views of the city 's downtown skyline and the colorfully lit pool water glow brightest as guests nibble from the sashimi menu and sip wasabi martinis . Still , even the most determined loungers will want to dive in : music is pumped through the pool via an underwater sound system . hotelunique.com . Thompson Toronto Thompson Hotel execs took advantage of the city 's relatively mild weather and designed their 16th-floor oasis to maximize their guests ' access to the outdoors . "  We built the infinity pool on a raised platform , so you 're at eye level with the water the second you step out of the elevator , " says Rob Cadeau , whose team oriented the entire deck to face east so it would feature an unobstructed sightline toward downtown . During warmer months , the glass wall between the indoor bar and outdoor pool retracts to create one large space for mixing and mingling . thompsonhotels.com/hotels/Toronto . The Viceroy , Miami Miami is famous for its exceptional pools , so it takes a truly over-the-top one to impress . The one on the roof of The Viceroy is no slouch : Its two-acre pool deck connects the three towers of the Icon Brickell complex and has a 300-foot infinity pool that appears to drop off into Biscayne Bay , 15 stories below . The outdoor recreation area offers 12 cabanas and 200 chaise lounges , a life-sized chess set and a thermal hot tub that seats 80 people . Do n't miss the late-night scene at Club 50 . Perched on the 50th floor , this lounge and dancing space  designed by interior designer Kelly Wearstler of Bravo 's Top Design  features an Asian-inspired pool area and an ever-rotating roster of internationally renowned DJs . viceroyhotelsandresorts.com/Miami . Adelphi Hotel , Melbourne , Australia It may take nerves of steel to take the plunge at the Adelphi Hotel . This heated saltwater pool is cantilevered several feet over the street below and features a transparent floor that looks over a nine-story drop down to the pavement . Since the beginning of December , the start of the Australian summer season , the Adelphi offers themed events poolside : "  Roja "  Latin jazz , tapas and sangria  , "  Sultry "  weeknight cocktail parties  and "  Splash "  casual Sunday recreation with beach balls , toys and buckets of beer  . adelphi.com.au . Departures.com : High-tech travel gadgets  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Bars and restaurants are transforming rooftop pools into a social scene The infinity pool at Marina Bay Sands soars 650 feet in the air , overlooking Singapore 's skyline The Adelphi Hotel in Melbourne features a transparent floor that looks over a nine-story drop
CNN  -- Two stunt pilots survived a plane crash caused by engine trouble at an air show in Texas on Saturday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Stunned onlookers at the Air Fiesta show watched as the plane plummeted , leaving a white trail behind as it dove toward a wooded area near an airport in Brownsville , Texas . The stunt team onboard -- married couple Kyle and Amanda Franklin -- "  suffered severe burns following the crash , " according to a statement on the air show 's website . They were in the middle of a wing-walking act when the engine problems began , FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford said . "  The female wing-walker was able to get back into the airplane , but the plane crashed into a thicket near the runway , " Lunsford said . On their website , the couple describes their act : "  Together Kyle and Amanda have created a swaggering , wing-walking pirate show that would make Captain Jack Sparrow gulp . This flying circus of "  Pirated Skies " will have audiences yelling ` Aaargh ' as Amanda wing walks , playing the part of ` Scandalous Scarlett ' and sword fights with Kyle , the menacing ` Captain Kyro . ' " The statement on the air show 's website , which includes a painting of the couple sword-fighting in a plane with a skull and crossbones , said the two-day event would continue Sunday "  and will be dedicated to Kyle and Amanda . " According to their website , both pilots ' fathers were also stunt pilots who died when their planes collided in a mid-air collision at an air show in 2005 . "  Their love rose from the ashes of the plane wreckage and their abilities as an air show act are a testament to the ongoing legacy of a family fated to continue dancing on wings of airplanes , " the site says . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Catherine E. Shoichet contribute to this report	The FAA says the married couple was in the middle of a wing-walking act Stunned onlookers watch as the plane plummets into a wooded area Sunday 's air show will be dedicated to the couple , Kyle and Amanda Franklin The couple 's website describes a wing-walking pirate show and sword fight
Every day , 22 veterans take their own lives . That 's a suicide every 65 minutes . As shocking as the number is , it may actually be higher . The figure , released by the Department of Veterans Affairs in February , is based on the agency 's own data and numbers reported by 21 states from 1999 through 2011 . Those states represent about 40 % of the U.S. population . The other states , including the two largest  California and Texas  and the fifth-largest  Illinois  , did not make data available . Who was n't counted ? People like Levi Derby , who hanged himself in his grandfather 's garage in Illinois on April 5 , 2007 . He was haunted , says his mother , Judy Casper , by an Afghan child 's death . He had handed the girl a bottle of water , and when she came forward to take it , she stepped on a land mine . When Derby returned home , he locked himself in a motel room for days . Casper saw a vacant stare in her son 's eyes . A while later , Derby was called up for a tour of Iraq . He did n't want to kill again . He went AWOL and finally agreed to an "  other than honorable " discharge . Derby was not in the VA system , and Illinois did not send in data on veteran suicides to the VA. . Experts have no doubt that people are being missed in the national counting of veteran suicides . Luana Ritch , the veterans and military families coordinator in Nevada , helped publish an extensive report on that state 's veteran suicides . Veteran confronts rape and suicide Part of the problem , she says , is that there is no uniform reporting system for deaths in America . It 's usually up to a funeral director or a coroner to enter veteran status and suicide on a death certificate . Veteran status is a single question on the death report , and there is no verification of it from the Defense Department or the VA. . "  Birth and death certificates are only as good as the information that is entered , " Ritch says . "  There is underreporting . How much , I do n't know . " Who else might not be counted ? A homeless person who has no one who can vouch that he or she is a veteran , or others whose families do n't want to divulge a suicide because of the stigma associated with mental illness ; they may pressure a state coroner to not list the death as suicide If a veteran intentionally crashes a car or dies of a drug overdose and leaves no note , that death may not be counted as suicide . An investigation by the Austin American-Statesman newspaper last year revealed an alarmingly high percentage of veterans who died in this manner in Texas , a state that did not send in data for the VA report . "  It 's very hard to capture that information , " says Barbara van Dahlen , a psychologist who founded Give an Hour , a nonprofit group that pairs volunteer mental-health professionals with combat veterans . Nikkolas Lookabill had been home about four months from Iraq when he was shot to death by police in Vancouver , Washington , in September 2010 . The prosecutor 's office said Lookabill told officers "  he wanted them to shoot him . " The case is one of many considered "  suicide by cop " and not counted in suicide data . Carri Leigh Goodwin enlisted in the Marine Corps in 2007 . She said she was raped by a fellow Marine at Camp Pendleton and eventually was forced out of the Corps with a personality disorder diagnosis . She did not tell her family that she was raped or that she had thought about suicide . She also did not tell them she was taking Zoloft , a drug prescribed for anxiety . Her father , Gary Noling , noticed that Goodwin was drinking heavily when she returned home . Five days later , she went drinking with her sister , who left her intoxicated in a parked car . The Zoloft interacted with the alcohol , and she died in the back seat of the car . Her blood alcohol content was six times the legal limit . Police charged her sister and a friend in Goodwin 's death for furnishing alcohol to an underaged woman : Goodwin was 20 . Noling says his daughter intended to drink herself to death . Later , Noling went through Goodwin 's journals and learned about her rape and suicidal thoughts . A recent analysis by News21 , an investigative multimedia program for journalism students , found that the annual suicide rate among veterans is about 30 for every 100,000 of the population , compared with the civilian rate of 14 per 100,000 . The analysis of records from 48 states found that the suicide rate for veterans increased an average of 2.6 % a year from 2005 to 2011 -- more than double the rate of increase for civilian suicide . Nearly one in five suicides nationally is a veteran , even though veterans make up about 10 % of the U.S. population , the News21 analysis found . The authors of the VA study , Janet Kemp and Robert Bossarte , included many cautions about the interpretation of their data , though they stand by the reliability of their findings . Bossarte said there was a consistency in the samples that allowed them to comfortably project the national figure of 22 . But more than 34,000 suicides from the 21 states that reported data to the VA were discarded because the state death records failed to indicate whether the deceased was a veteran . That 's 23 % of the recorded suicides from those states . So the study looked at 77 % of the recorded suicides in 40 % of the U.S. population . The VA report itself acknowledged "  significant limitations " of the available data and identified flaws in its report . "  The ability of death certificates to fully capture female veterans was particularly low ; only 67 % of true female veterans were identified . Younger or unmarried veterans and those with lower levels of education were also more likely to be missed on the death certificate . " "  We think that all suicides are underreported . There is uncertainty in the check box , " says Steve Elkins , the state registrar in Minnesota , which has one of the best suicide data recording systems in the country . Websites become tool for stopping suicide VA Secretary Eric Shinseki requested collaboration from all 50 states to improve timeliness and accuracy of suicide reporting , key to improving suicide prevention . At the time the VA released its last suicide report , at least 11 states had not made a decision on data collaboration . Combat stress is just one reason why veterans attempt suicide . Military sexual assaults are another . Psychologist Craig Bryan says his research is finding that military victims of violent assault or rape are six times more likely to attempt suicide than military non-victims . More than 69 % of all veteran suicides were among those 50 and older . Mental-health professionals said one reason could be that these men give up on life after their children are out of the house or a longtime marriage falls apart . They are also likely to be Vietnam veterans , who returned from war to a hostile public and an unresponsive VA. . Combat stress was chalked up to being crazy , and many Vietnam veterans lived with ghosts in their heads without seeking help . Even though more older veterans are committing suicide , it 's difficult to predict what the toll of America 's newest wars will be . A survey by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America showed that 30 % of service members have considered taking their own life , and 45 % said they know an Iraq or Afghanistan veteran who has attempted suicide . "  There 's probably a tidal wave of suicides coming , " says Brian Kinsella , an Iraq war veteran who started Stop Soldier Suicide , a nonprofit group that works to raise awareness of suicide . Between October 2006 and June 2013 , the Veterans Crisis Line received more than 890,000 calls . That number does not include chats and texts . President Barack Obama says there is a need to "  end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops . " In August 2012 , he signed an executive order calling for stronger suicide prevention efforts . A year later , he announced $ 107 million in new funding for better mental health treatment for veterans with post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury , signature injuries of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .	The data the suicide rate is based on are incomplete Examples of uncounted : "  suicide by cop , " by overdoses and by vehicle crashes "  There 's probably a tidal wave of suicides coming " VA makes appeal for more uniform reporting of suicide data
Washington  CNN  -- A top Senate Democrat has offered a pair of amendments to an immigration reform bill bolstering rights for same-sex couples , a politically risky move that threatens to shatter Republican support for the sweeping legislation . Vermont Sen. Patrick 's Leahy 's amendments would recognize same-sex marriages in which one spouse is an American , and also would allow U.S. citizens to sponsor foreign-born same-sex partners for green cards as long as there 's proof of a committed relationship . They were among dozens of amendments filed with the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday as the panel prepares to take up the legislation later this week . "  For immigration reform to be truly comprehensive , it must include protections for all families , " Leahy said . "  We must end the discrimination that gay and lesbian families face in our immigration law . " Other amendments proposed by committee members include a proposal by Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions to significantly cut the number of foreign workers granted admission to the United States under the bill . Gay rights plan clouds immigration reform prospects "  This bill  as currently written  would authorize a dramatic surge in permanent low-skill and chain migration $ " and would bring in millions more temporary foreign workers $ " at a time when 90 million Americans are outside the labor force and nearly 50 million are on food stamps , " Sessions said . "  The result would be lower wages and more unemployment . " Utah GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch filed proposals to boost visas for high-skilled workers , and require both DNA identification and proof of payment of all back taxes for any undocumented immigrant seeking legal status , among other things . The Judiciary Committee , chaired by Leahy , is currently considering the 844-page bill filed by the so-called "  Gang of Eight " -- four Senate Democrats and four Senate Republicans who labored for months to bridge a cavernous ideological divide on the hot button issue . Four members of the group -- Republicans Jeff Flake of Arizona and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , and Democrats Dick Durbin of Illinois and Chuck Schumer of New York -- are also members of the Judiciary Committee . The Gang of Eight 's bill creates a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants while strengthening border security and bringing dramatic change to labor policy on America 's farms . If enacted , the plan would constitute the first overhaul of the nation 's immigration policy since 1986 . Proponents say the change is necessary to permanently and fairly resolve the status of roughly 11 million undocumented residents . Critics insist the proposed change amounts to amnesty , rewarding those who chose to break the country 's immigration laws . Marshall Fitz , director of immigration policy at the left-leaning Center for American Progress , told CNN it 's unlikely the narrowly divided 18-member Senate committee would make significant changes to the legislation . "  Members of the Gang of Eight have indicated they 'll band together to resist substantial changes to the bill , " Fitz noted . "  The central structure of this proposal is remarkably solid . " Fitz , a close observer of the legislative maneuvering surrounding the bill , predicted that only a small fraction of amendments filed Tuesday will actually be voted on by the panel . Members "  will hit a fatigue point , " he said . Of all the amendments up for consideration , however , Leahy 's same-sex measures are likely to prove the most politically controversial . Under Leahy 's sponsorship plan , modeled after his Uniting American Families Act , gays and lesbians requesting green cards for foreign-born partners would have to be married if their states currently recognize same-sex marriages . If their states do not recognize same-sex marriage , they would have to meet a series of requirements proving major emotional and financial commitments . The list of requirements could include , among other things , jointly owned property , shared child custody , joint bank accounts , joint credit cards , proof of a commitment ceremony and photographs of shared vacations and holidays with extended family . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , arguably the most prominent Republican member of the Gang of Eight , warned recently that Leahy 's proposal is a political poison pill that could undermine any hopes for passage of the broader bill . "  This immigration bill is difficult enough as it is , " Rubio told conservative radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt last month . "  If you inject something like this in the bill , it will die . The coalition behind it will fall apart . " Rubio , a potential presidential candidate , warned that he would withdraw his own support if Leahy 's amendment is added . "  This is not the issue to engage this in , " he warned . "  You will threaten the entire product . " Rubio discussed immigration reform with more than two dozen conservative grassroots leaders in a closed-door meeting on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , according to an aide to the senator . Most of the activists are backing the reform effort , the aide said . Durbin acknowledged Tuesday that while he backs Leahy 's proposal , it could prove problematic for the larger immigration reform bill . "  There are some problems on the Republican side when it comes to dealing with  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  issues , " Durbin told CNN . The Illinois senator noted the possibility that the upcoming ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court on the federal Defense of Marriage Act could render the whole issue moot . "  The DOMA ruling could change this whole debate , " Durbin said . "  They could eliminate DOMA and impose obligations on our federal government  relating to  same gender marriage , and that would dramatically change what we 're trying to achieve . " Fitz said Leahy will ultimately "  find the right way forward . " "  The Republican-controlled House will never accept  his same-sex amendment  as part of their bill , " he said . Leahy 's "  not going to tank this bill . " Regardless , it is significantly easier for Leahy to add the amendment to the bill while it is being considered by the Judiciary Committee . Democrats hold a 10-8 majority on the panel , and can approve changes on a strict majority basis if necessary . In contrast , controversial amendments taken up by the full Senate are virtually certain to face a 60-vote threshold . The Democratic caucus only controls 55 seats in the 100-member chamber . Backers of the bill have been hoping to win as many as 70 votes in the Senate , in order to give the bill bipartisan momentum heading into the more skeptical , GOP-controlled House . A bipartisan group of eight House members is currently working on its own immigration reform plan .	Amendments to immigration legislation would bolster rights for same-sex couples Politically risky move threatens to undercut Republican support for larger bill Legislation would create a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants Backers of the bill have been hoping to win as many as 70 votes in the Senate
