CNN  -- Members of the president 's party in Tunisia will quit the coalition government , the state-run news agency TAP reported Sunday . The move threatens to worsen a political crisis , set off after an opposition leader was assassinated there last week . The Congress for the Republic Party , which counts Tunisian President Moncef Marzouki among its ranks , has three ministers and two secretaries of state in the government , TAP reported . The five officials will "  continue to shoulder their responsibilities within their respective departments to avoid any administrative vacuum , " TAP said , citing Chokri Yacoub , a party leader . The news comes one day after Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali said he would step down if a caretaker government he is forming fails to win approval from Tunisia 's National Constituent Assembly . In response to the shooting death of Chokri Belaid , Jebali sacked his government and said he would appoint a new one to serve until the next election . However , a top official of Jebali 's own Ennahda party labeled Jebali 's moves "  non-binding , " raising questions about his leadership . Belaid , a prominent secular politician who decried violence , was shot dead as he left his home Wednesday morning for work . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack , but Belaid 's widow and others blamed the climate fostered by Jebali 's Ennahda party . Jebali denied that Ennahda had anything do with Belaid 's killing and said he hoped to get approval for his new government from his party and others . "  The government , I feel , is backed by a lot of people , mainly among ordinary people . I hope that political parties will translate the view of our people , " Jebali said Friday . As he spoke , thousands of Tunisians demonstrated in the streets of the capital in outrage over the assassination , calling on Jebali to resign . The killing of Belaid was the country 's first high-profile political assassination since Tunisia 's "  Jasmine Revolution " that toppled President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali two years ago and spawned the Arab Spring . CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	The party reportedly has three ministers and two secretaries of state The officials will "  continue to shoulder their responsibilities , " a party leader says Tunisia faces political unrest after a rare political assassination
CNN  -- With four Phoenix , Arizona , boys ages 9 to 14 charged with sexual assault on an 8-year-old girl , a prosecutor vowed Thursday his office will "  seek justice for the young victim in this heartrending situation . " Police say a girl was lured to a storage shed at an apartment complex where she was sexually assaulted . "  This is a deeply disturbing case that has gripped our community , " said Maricopa County attorney Andrew Thomas . According to Phoenix police , the girl was lured to a storage shed at an apartment complex on July 16 . The four boys , who had offered the girl chewing gum , allegedly restrained and sexually assaulted her . At a news conference about the case Wednesday , police did not release any information on the girl 's condition , but officers called the case one of the worst they have investigated in many years . The 14-year-old was charged as an adult and will face two counts of sexual assault and one count of kidnapping , Thomas said Thursday . The other three boys were charged in juvenile court with sexual assault , and two of them also were charged with kidnapping , Thomas said . All the suspects except for the 14-year-old live in the same apartment complex , according to Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill . The victim and the boys charged are all from refugee families that have come to the United States from the war-torn West African nation of Liberia , police said . Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents ' attitude toward her . "  The parents felt that they had been shamed or embarrassed by their child , " Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill said . The Phoenix Police Department has a community response unit that assists with such sensitive cases . "  They made some initial contacts with the refugee community . They acted as liaison and were present when the child protective services agency took the victim , " Hill said . Protective services officers "  will determine what 's going to happen in the days ahead and they 'll look at the past history with that family , if there is one , " he said . CNN affiliate KTVK said it interviewed the girl 's 23-year-old sister , who said she was baby-sitting the girl at the time of the alleged attack . The sister , who was not identified by name by the station , expressed mixed feelings about her sister 's attack . "  I came to her and said it 's not good for you to be following guys because you are still little , " the sister told KTVK . She also said that she wanted the suspects to be released from jail because "  we are the same people . " "  When she comes back I 'm going to tell her do n't ever do that again because all of us , we are the same family , we are from the same place . Now she is just bringing confusion among us . Now the other people , they do n't want to see her , " the sister told KTVK . Tony Weedor , a Liberian who fled civil war with his family and now lives in the Denver , Colorado , area , told CNN that cultural aspects are deep in the case . In Liberia rape was not against the law until 2006 , he said . "  The family -LSB- believes they -RSB- have been shamed by her , not a crime , but the name of the family has been degraded and news will get back to Liberia . And they 're more concerned about that than the crime , " said Weedor , who is co-founder of the CenterPoint International Foundation , which aids Liberian refugees in the United States and provides aid for those still in Liberia . Edwin Sele , the deputy ambassador of Liberia to the United States , also responded to the incident . "  Having heard the story myself , I 'm outraged , " he said . "  In Liberia , the family and law enforcement officers would be embracing the victim . To hear that the family is not doing that , that should be an isolated case . " Resettlement groups around the country help refugees settle into life in the United States . Among them is the Refugee and Immigrants Relief Center in Phoenix , where Omar Dolleh , a refugee from Sierra Leone in West Africa , is the program director . As a part of the refugee orientation program , he said , his group touches upon the laws in the United States , but the most immediate goal for refugees and organizations that help them is finding employment and places to live . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Prosecutor vows justice for girl who says she was sexually assaulted by young boys Officers call the case one of the worst they have investigated Victim 's sister wants suspects released because "  we are the same people " Police in Phoenix , Arizona , say 8-year-old girl lured to vacant shed with gum
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal investigators will declare the 2001 anthrax case solved on Wednesday , when they make public their case against government researcher Bruce Ivins , a government source familiar with the case told CNN on Tuesday . Ex-Army scientist Bruce Ivins , seen here in 2003 , died from an apparent suicide last week . But the case will not be considered closed , because administrative details remain incomplete , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing . Before making the information public , the FBI is expected to share the evidence of Ivins ' involvement with survivors and relatives of victims in the anthrax attacks , the source said . A lawyer for Maureen Stevens , the widow of Bob Stevens , the first victim of the 2001 attacks , said she was invited to the session and will attend . The tabloid photo editor died after inhaling anthrax that investigators believe was in a letter sent to American Media Inc. , the publisher of the Sun and National Enquirer tabloids , at its offices in Boca Raton , Florida . Another source familiar with the investigation said Tuesday that in the fall of 2001 , Ivins borrowed a machine that can convert wet anthrax , the kind used at Fort Detrick , into dry powder , which was found in the anthrax letters . Such machines , called lyophilizers , are not usually used at Fort Detrick , where Ivins worked , though they are easy to obtain . Experts said the report may have no significance . "  I would n't necessarily make the conclusion that , just because he had access to a lyophilizer and used a lyophilizer , that that provides a smoking gun , that he must be using this for sinister purposes , " said Peter Hotez , chairman of microbiology at George Washington University in Washington . Richard Spertzel , a former biodefense scientist who worked with Ivins at the lab at Fort Detrick , said there was "  no way " a lyophilizer could have created the fine anthrax spores used in the 2001 letters . Spertzel said a more advanced machine would have been needed , and that no one working at a U.S. government lab could have produced such high quality anthrax in secret . Ivins , who is expected to be blamed for the mailings of the toxin , which killed five people and sickened more than a dozen others -- died July 27 at a hospital in Frederick , Maryland , from an apparent suicide attempt two days earlier . No charges have been made public . He became a suspect after investigators found DNA evidence from the 2001 anthrax mailings on a flask used in his laboratory at the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases , said a source who is familiar with the investigation but not authorized to speak publicly about the case . Ivins had worked for decades in the biodefense lab at Fort Detrick , where he was trying to develop a better vaccine against the toxin . The FBI had traced the anthrax used in the attacks to the lab by using a new technology , a U.S. official familiar with the investigation said . Authorities were looking at whether Ivins may have released anthrax to test a vaccine he was working on , another official said . Some of the anthrax-laced letters , written in crude block letters , included the words , "  Take penacilin  sic  now , " according to photographs released by the FBI . Since Ivins ' death , suspicions about his involvement in the anthrax attacks have surfaced alongside questions about his sanity . At the time of his death , the 62-year-old scientist was under a temporary restraining order sought by a social worker who had counseled him in private and group sessions . She accused him of having harassed , stalked and threatened her with violence . The woman told the court in her complaint that Ivins had been treated at a mental health facility . Steven Hatfill , another government scientist who was named by the Justice Department as a "  person of interest " in the attacks , was never charged . He sued the department , which settled the case in June . The skepticism in scientific circles about the strength of the case against Ivins heightens the importance of the government 's unveiling of its evidence against the scientist , a former prosecutor said . "  I think the public and the survivors of the anthrax attacks are entitled to see the evidence before the grand jury , " said Andrew McBride . "  And if there was a draft indictment and they were ready to indict Mr. Ivins , they ought to see that as well . " CNN Producer Kevin Bohn contributed to this story .	Source : Feds to declare anthrax case solved but not closed Bruce Ivins , 62 , died last week as FBI prepared to charge him in 2001 attacks Another source says Ivins used a machine to convert wet anthrax into dry powder Authorities will make case public after sharing details with victims and relatives
CNN  -- The Boston Athletic Association is providing an additional 9,000 spots in the 2014 Boston Marathon to accommodate runners who were unable to finish last year 's race because of the terror attack bombings . Registration -- which opens at 10 a.m. Monday -- will operate under the same process used to qualify runners in the past , giving priority to the fastest qualifiers , according to Jack Fleming , a spokesman for the B.A.A. . The 5,000 runners who were unable to finish the 2013 marathon are already pre-registered for the race , according to Fleming . Isabelle Goosen , who participated in the 2013 Boston Marathon and was half a mile away from completing the race before the attack , told CNN that she is excited to finally finish the race she started last year . "  I 'll definitely get a sense of closure , " Goosen said . "  It sounds almost selfish to look at everything that happened in this way but just the fact that I could n't finish tore me a part for a while . Spending four months training for it and spending all of my college career wanting to do it . I was really upset . " Another addition to next year 's race will be the planting of 100,000 daffodils along the marathon 's entire route , according to Diane Valle , who began the group Marathon Daffodils . Marathon Daffodils , which has collaborated with several organizations and volunteer groups , plans to begin planting the flowers in October , according to Valle . "  We hope the bright yellow daffodil , which is the same color as the Boston Marathon logo , will lift people 's spirits , " Valle told CNN . "  We hope the communal act of planting together will strengthen Boston Strong and will add a bit of hope and rebirth . " The April 15 , 2013 , double bombings near the finish line killed three people and injured at least 264 . The B.A.A. and Fleming acknowledge that the upcoming marathon is going to be considerably larger than previous years : "  We know that since April 15 the demand in the running community and those around Boston has increased . Interest is high . " The planning process for the 2014 marathon is currently ongoing , and updates to public safety are under way , according to Fleming . The 118th Boston Marathon will take place on April 21 , 2014 .	Additional runners will be in 2014 Boston Marathon Many were unable to complete race this year Daffodils meant as symbol of rebirth after bombings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush admitted mistakes but defended his accomplishments in the final White House news conference of his presidency Monday . President Bush addresses reporters at the White House on Monday in his final news conference . "  Clearly , putting a ` Mission Accomplished ' -LSB- banner -RSB- on an aircraft carrier was a mistake , " Bush said about how his administration handled the fall of Baghdad to U.S. troops . "  It sent the wrong message . " He termed other aspects of the U.S. invasion of Iraq "  disappointments , " including the failure to find weapons of mass destruction and the treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison . "  I do n't know if you want to call those mistakes or not , but they were -- things did n't go according to plan , let 's put it that way , " Bush said . Admitting another mistake , Bush said that he should have pursued a comprehensive immigration overhaul after the 2004 election , instead of Social Security reform . He said that Congress did not have the political willpower to tackle Social Security at the time because the program was not facing an "  imminent " funding crisis . But Bush said plenty went right during his eight years in office , including the economy for most of his term . "  I inherited a recession , I 'm ending on a recession . In the meantime , there were 52 months of uninterrupted job growth , " he said . "  And I defended tax cuts when I campaigned , I helped implement tax cuts when I was president , and I will defend them after my presidency as the right course of action . " iReport.com : How will you remember Bush ? Bush also said that despite harsh criticism at the time , the federal government responded well to Hurricane Katrina and the flooding of New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 . Watch Bush defend his Katrina response " "  Do n't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed , " he said Monday . "  Could things have been done better ? Absolutely . Absolutely . But when I hear people say the federal response was slow , then what are they going to say to those chopper drivers or the 30,000 that got pulled off the roofs ? " he asked . Bush was steadfast that his administration did the right things in protecting the homeland from terrorists , even though critics said individual freedoms were compromised by administration policies . "  In terms of the decisions that I had made to protect the homeland , I would n't worry about popularity . What I would worry about is the Constitution of the United States and putting plans in place that make it easier to find out what the enemy is thinking , " he said . The 43rd president says he does n't buy allegations that America 's image overseas has been tarnished during his terms , even if his popularity has suffered . "  My view is that most people around the world , they respect America . And some of them do n't like me -- I understand that -- some of the writers and the , you know , opiners and all that . That 's fine . That 's part of the deal . But I 'm more concerned about the country and -- and how people view the United States of America . They view us as strong , compassionate people who care deeply about the universality of freedom . " Bush said that as a "  Type A " personality , he 'll want to keep active after he turns the White House keys over to President-elect Barack Obama next Tuesday . Watch Bush bid reporters farewell " "  I just ca n't envision myself , you know , the big straw hat and a Hawaiian shirt sitting on some beach , " he said .	NEW : Bush touts "  52 months of uninterrupted job growth " NEW : President says most people around world still respect America President says he regrets "  Mission Accomplished " banner on carrier Bush speaks in final news conference of second term
Kongbai , Guizhou  CNN  -- Savoring a meal of vegetables and rice grown in nearby paddy fields washed down with some home-brewed rice wine served , it 's clear Long Taiyang is delighted to be back . Once one of the 250 million Chinese farmers that left behind their families to forge a living in the coastal factory towns , the 37 year old lives back in his ancestral village of Kongbai , a jumble of 200 timber houses that cling to the side of a valley in southeast Guizhou , one of China 's poorest province . "  I do n't want to leave anymore , " he says , tired of factory work and living in a cramped dormitory after four years spent making leather shoes in Wenzhou in eastern China . Long is not alone in abandoning what has been described as the one of the greatest human migrations of all time . While the overall number of migrant workers is still on the rise in China , those seeking work in their home provinces increased at a quicker pace that the number of long-distance workers , according to analysis by The China Labor Bulletin . Investment in China 's inland provinces has meant that many migrant workers can now find decent paying jobs closer to home and many , like Long , have concluded that separation from their families and communities is too great a price to pay . Grand plans Not just home to sample his wife 's cooking , Long has a plan to give himself and his village a better future . He hopes to revive the traditional trade of silver and metal working that has all but died out as people left in search of better opportunities . "  When I was growing up , all you could hear was the noise of hammering , " says Long , who learned the trade from his father . These days the village is eerily quiet , with only a cock 's crow and the whinny of a pack pony , still used to navigate the steep valleys , puncturing the silence on a hot and sunny August afternoon . Long has set up a basic workshop lit up with naked lightbulbs in the basement of his three-storey wooden house , where he , his wife and eldest son make jewelry by manipulating fine silver thread into butterflies , flowers and animal shapes . Long history Dan Wenhong of Guizhou Normal University , who has researched the village 's silver-making tradition , says its history can be traced back to the 16th century , although it 's unclear why the trade took root here . A bone-jarring three-hour drive on mountain roads from the nearest town , Kongbai , feels remote but in the Qing dynasty Dan says the village was a crossroads on major trade routes and , by the standards of the time , was prosperous . Its decline began in the 20th Century and according to her research , in 2012 only 17 out of 192 households were still producing silverware . Dan , who is helping Long and the other villagers revive their trade , is confident that silvermaking can become a viable business that will encourage villagers to return and pass on their craft to a new generation . She says that attitudes are shifting as China 's slowing economy means job opportunities outside the village are not as alluring or lucrative as they once were . And the growth of tourism in the region 's picturesque towns and villages means that demand for jewelry made in Kongbai is picking up . "  Some people think that children should study hard , rather than learn a trade , but people are also beginning to realize that now even graduates ca n't find jobs , " she says . Passionate advocate With his good looks and easy charm , Long is a passionate advocate of his craft and has founded a silversmith association to promote and authenticate Kongbai silverwork . It has 60 members . "  Wholesalers come to our village to buy our work but once it 's in the shop it becomes someone else 's brand . " "  We do n't get the retail price and the difference is very big . We 'll sell them an item for 100 yuan  US$ 16  and they will sell it for 400 yuan  US$ 65  . " Long wants to sell to customers directly and use the village provenance as a marketing tool . He relies on word of mouth to sell his work but given the village has no paved road , there is little passing trade and the village remains off the tourist trail that is beginning to emerge in the valleys below . Long considered opening an online shop on Taobao , an online commerce site similar to eBay , but feared his work would be copied . "  No-one knows about us . We hope to develop our own Kongbai brand name , " he says . New designs To reach a wider market , Long has experimented with new designs . Traditionally , the silversmiths in the village , home to members of the Miao ethnic group , made the elaborate head-dresses and hair pieces that are worn by women on festivals , weddings and other special occasions . Using knowledge gleaned during his time outside the village , Long turns traditional Miao symbols like butterflies , fish and drums into modern pendants , charm bracelets and anklets . "  We have to follow the trends . It helps promote our skills as traditional craftsmen . " But it 's not a get rich quick strategy . His family is reliant on their land for food and a dry spell this summer means that some crops have failed . Monthly profits from silver-smithing are less than a third of the 7,000 to 8,000 yuan  US$ 1,200  he earned at the shoe factory . He also worries that tourists buying Miao silverware ca n't tell the difference between machine and handmade work and wo n't be prepared to spend the extra money on the handcrafted pieces he produces . Nevertheless , he 's hopeful his efforts to revive his village 's time honored trade will pay off and allow his 15-year-old son to avoid the factory towns and become the thirteenth generation of his family to work as a silversmith . "  I do n't want to be the last , " Long says .	Chinese migrant workers like Long Taiyang are heading home They are attracted by better economic opportunities inland Long wants to revive village 's ancient silversmith trade Does n't want son to work in factories
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has nominated his top counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , to be the next director of the CIA . If there is an emerging Obama doctrine to deal with the threat from al Qaeda and its allies , it is clearly a rejection of the use of conventional military forces and a growing reliance instead on the use of drones and U.S. Special Operations Forces -- and Brennan has been central to Obama 's policy . In an April 30 speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , Brennan laid out the rationale for the drone policy in more detail than any administration official had done publicly hitherto . He asserted that the drone strikes are legal both under the Authorization for Use of Military Force passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks and because , "  There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield , at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat . " This does not appear to be the view of Ben Emmerson , U.N. special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights , who announced plans at Harvard Law School in October to launch an investigation into U.S. drone attacks and the extent to which they cause civilian casualties . Politics : Compared to Hagel , reaction to Brennan nomination muted One of Brennan 's most significant legacies in the four years he has been the president 's principal adviser on terrorism is the U.S. drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies in countries such as Pakistan and Yemen -- one that has shifted focus significantly in the past year or so . On Thursday , a CIA drone strike in the South Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan killed Mullah Nazir , a leading Taliban commander . That strike garnered considerable coverage in media outlets around the world and by U.S.-based news organizations such as The New York Times and CNN . The same day a CIA drone killed three suspected Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militants near the town of Rada'a in Yemen . There was scant media coverage of this attack . Yet Thursday 's dueling strikes in Pakistan and Yemen are emblematic of a quiet and largely unheralded shift in the way that the CIA conducts its operations . The accompanying bar chart  click on it to enlarge  does a good job of representing this shift . The red bars are U.S. strikes in Pakistan , and the gold bars are U.S. strikes in Yemen based on data collected from reliable news reports by the New America Foundation . Due to the difficulty of distinguishing between what may be a U.S. drone strike or an airstrike by the Yemeni air force , the true number of American drone attacks in Yemen could be even higher than is shown in this chart . One possible reason for the decline of drone strikes in Pakistan is that the CIA is simply running out of targets ; at least 36 militant leaders have been reported killed by drones in Pakistan since Obama took office , according to the New America Foundation data . The growing criticism of the drone program in Pakistan has also surely had some role in the Obama administration 's decision to scale back the intensity of the drone campaign there . In April the Pakistani Parliament formally voted for the first time to end any kind of approval for the CIA drone program . Opinion : When are drone killings illegal ? Unlike in Pakistan where political leaders have almost universally -- at least in public -- condemned the strikes , Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi said in September during an interview with the Washington Post that he personally signs off on all U.S. drone strikes in Yemen , and that they hit their targets accurately , asserting , "  The drone technologically is more advanced than the human brain . " The steadily increasing rate of drone strikes in Yemen over the past two years shows that the CIA 's drone war -- rather than declining -- is shifting from one part of the world to another . Brennan has been the key architect of this policy . The Arabic-speaking Brennan , who was once CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia , in a sense became the "  case officer " for the Yemen "  account , " traveling to Yemen seven times since al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula sent the so-called underwear bomber to try and bring down Northwest Flight 235 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . Read more : Who 's in , who 's out of cabinet How effective has the subsequent U.S. campaign against this group been ? Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has not tried to launch an attack on a target in the West since its abortive attempt to bring down cargo planes bound for the United States more than two years ago , so the campaign does appear to have suppressed the group 's abilities to attack overseas . According to a count by New America , at least 28 of the group 's leading members have been killed in drone strikes , including the notorious American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who played an operational role in Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , for instance , offering instruction to the underwear bomber . Balanced , against this is the fact that some of the popular resentment against the U.S , drone campaign that has long been the case in Pakistan is beginning to emerge in Yemen . On Friday , dozens of armed tribesmen took to the streets of Rada'a protesting the drone strike that had taken place a day earlier . One of the tribesman told Reuters that seven civilians had been killed in that drone strike . And the drone program in Yemen is also stirring some of the same controversy internationally that the strikes in Pakistan have done for many years . Human rights groups in the United States are particularly aggrieved by the targeted killing of al-Awlaki , an American citizen who was killed by a drone along with his teenage son . Gregory Johnsen , who has written an authoritative book about Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , "  The Last Refuge : Yemen , al-Qaeda , and America 's War in Arabia , " says the group has grown from around 200 fighters to more than 1,000 and that the drone campaign has helped it to recruit these new fighters . Christopher Swift , a Georgetown University academic , conducted interviews of tribal leaders in Yemen in June 2012 . Swift found that it was n't the drone campaign that had swelled the ranks of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula but rather because the group was able to offer jobs to desperately poor young men . Yemen is the poorest country in the Arab world . And drone strikes are now reportedly being considered by the Obama administration in the West African nation of Mali , where an al Qaeda affiliate has largely taken control of the north of the country , an area the size of France . Brennan has been at the center of the decisions about the use of drones in Pakistan and Yemen and their possible use in Mali , and all of this surely will be a matter of discussion during his forthcoming nomination hearings . A road map to what Brennan will likely say about drones in his nomination hearing is provided by his April speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center in which he explained that drone strikes are "  ethical " because of "  the unprecedented ability of remotely piloted aircraft to precisely target a military objective while minimizing collateral damage ; one could argue that never before has there been a weapon that allows us to distinguish more effectively between an al Qaeda terrorist and innocent civilians . " Read a version of this story in Arabic .	President Barack Obama is nominating John Brennan to lead the CIA Peter Bergen : Brennan has been key in use of drones in Yemen Drone war in Pakistan winding down as it intensifies in Yemen Bergen : Controversy on drones is beginning in Yemen , as in Pakistan
CNN  -- China took its latest powerful toy , a new stealth fighter jet , out for its first test spin Tuesday , leading U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates to wonder whether the flight was scheduled to coincide with his visit . "  I asked President Hu  Jintao  about it directly , " Gates said at a briefing with reporters in Beijing . "  And he said that the test had absolutely nothing to do with my visit and had been a pre-planned test . And that 's where we left it . " Images and videos of China 's latest generation fighter , being called the J-20 , hit the web in a frenzy of excitement in late December . Onlookers outside the airfield base have been allowed to use cell phones to snap pictures and record low resolution video , a decision that many experts point to as a move by China to pump its chest in advance of Gates ' trip to China and Hu 's visit to the United States next week . Tuesday 's test flight appeared to be no different in regard to the viral marketing . Videos and pictures have hit the web , some showing crowds of people lined up alongside the airfield gate in southern China , cheering and jumping up and down as the fighter lands . Gates however , who made the trip to discuss military relations between the United States and China , said he believes the Chinese president 's assurance that the test flight had been previously planned . "  I take President Hu at his word that ... the test had nothing to do with my visit , " Gates said . One China watcher is skeptical . "  It was planned this way , a classic exercise in power projection , " said China military scholar Richard Fisher . "  They want President Obama and the new Congress to view Hu Jintao , who visits next week , as the leader of the next military superpower , whose demands must be accommodated . " Analysts believe the J-20 stealth fighter will have the radar-evading capability of fifth-generation fighters produced by the United States , like the F-22 and F-35 . And while the jet is n't supposed to be operational until at least 2017 , Fisher said that after Tuesday 's test flight , China has the potential to deploy the fighter at an earlier date using a less-powerful engine than the one currently in development . Gates conceded that fact on his flight over to China last weekend . "  I think that what we 've seen is that they may be somewhat further ahead in the development of that aircraft than our intelligence had earlier predicted , " Gates said . Still , Gates downplayed the technical advancements in the plane , questioning how "  stealthy , " or radar evading , it actually is . In 2009 , Gates said that no nation comes close to the United States ' air power , and he expected the Chinese to have only "  a handful " of fighters that could challenge the U.S. advanced fleets by 2025 . Despite Tuesday 's air show by the Chinese , Gates said he would not revise that assessment and added that another Asian power , Japan , is considering purchasing its next generation of fighter aircraft . "  And I might have a few suggestions for them , " Gates said .	Gates says the Chinese president said the timing of the test was coincidental A China watcher , however , says it coincided with Gates ' visit on purpose "  A classic exercise in power projection , " says China military scholar Richard Fisher
INDIO , California  CNN  -- Parents danced with their young children to the infectious hip-hop beat of Lupe Fiasco on the main stage . The Yeah Yeah Yeahs ' Karen O is immersed in the music at Coachella . Twentysomethings wearing feathers in their hair jumped up and down to Somali emcee K'naan in the Gobi tent . In the portable toilets , an impromptu discussion broke out about the "  awesomeness " of Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer Karen O . The mercury may have hovered close to 100 degrees , and somewhere outside the desert oasis of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival there was a global recession , but you 'd never know it from the carefree crowd on Day 3 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio , California . Although exact figures have yet to be released , about 50,000 revelers turned out for the final day of the 2009 festival for an eclectic lineup that included former Jam front man Paul Weller , rap pioneers Public Enemy , a reunion of Irish indie darlings My Bloody Valentine and a nearly three-hour set from The Cure . Promoters say the turnout exceeded expectations , and this year 's attendance figure might be the third largest in the festival 's 10-year history . The three-day ticket price may have been steep -- roughly $ 300 , including service charges -- but when divided among the 131 acts on the bill , that breaks down to less than $ 2.50 per act . This was also the first year concert promoter Goldenvoice offered layaway , which is how 18 percent chose to pay . The strong showing is good news for Bonnaroo , All Points West , Lollapalooza and other festivals taking place this spring and summer . Coachella was also moved up one weekend , which allowed for more kids on spring break to attend . Although Coachella is one of several music festivals in the United States , it still carries a certain cachet that 's hard to match . Perhaps it 's the scenery -- listening to music on a grassy polo field surrounded by swaying palm trees and craggy desert mountains . Or maybe it 's the thrill of discovering new artists and rediscovering old ones standing shoulder-to-shoulder with friends , strangers and the random Hollywood celebrity . Or maybe it 's the wacky moments that seem to happen only under the blistering desert sun . Where else could you get Morrissey -- a well-known vegetarian -- complaining in the middle of his Friday set that the smell of burning animals was making him sick , and that he only hoped it was human ? The Moz was referring to meat grilling in a food booth across the polo field . And when troubled British neo-soul singer Amy Winehouse dropped out of her Saturday performance because she could n't get a visa , M.I.A. stepped into her slot on the main stage -- but she apparently was n't happy about the upgrade . Despite a massive , adoring crowd and a highly charged set , the new mom exclaimed , "  This is the main stage ? Next time , I 'm back in a tent ! I prefer the sweat ! " This was after her tongue-in-cheek nod to Winehouse , where she sang , "  They tried to make me do the Oscars , I said , ` No , no , no . ' " Then , there were the memorable music moments . Friday headliner Sir Paul McCartney did n't end his playful , hit-filled set until about 54 minutes past the midnight curfew -- for a potential fine of $ 54,000 .  According to Benjamin Guitron , media relations officer for the Indio Police Department , the promoter agrees to pay $ 1,000 for every minute past 12 a.m. On Saturday , Seattle , Washington , indie pop band Fleet Foxes drew an overflowing crowd to the Outdoor Theatre , charming the audience with its delicate , baroque harmonies . Sunday headliners The Cure played 31 songs from the group 's vast catalog -- concentrating heavily on early material , and for the most part , staying away from the biggest radio hits . They , too , played well past curfew -- continuing with their third encore even after the sound from the main PA system was cut off . My Bloody Valentine -- whose four members reunited last year after a decade apart -- was also a crowd pleaser , although an interlude where they played a single chord at maximum decibels for a mind-numbing 15 minutes left fans scratching their heads . Perry Farrell is the only artist who 's performed at all 10 Coachella festivals -- in Jane 's Addiction , Porno for Pyros , Satellite Party , as his alter ego DJ Peretz and in other incarnations . This year , he dueted with Thievery Corporation on the main stage , then headed over to the dance tent , where he joined his wife , Etty , for an electronic set . "  I would probably silently be very depressed if they would n't invite me , to tell you the truth . My mental health depends on them , " he said with a laugh . Despite a time of belt-tightening , festivalgoers are finding a way to let it all hang out . According to The Desert Sun , the local newspaper , even two former first daughters could n't resist the draw of the desert . It said Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager dropped into Coachella on Saturday -- complete with Secret Service . Guitron could n't confirm the report , but he did say , "  I would n't be surprised if they did show up . Dignitaries just kind of show up like everybody else . "	Coachella music festival wraps up Sunday Intriguing moments include vegetarian Morrissey complaining about grilling Both Paul McCartney and The Cure run past curfew ; Cure is cut off
CNN  -- The 2012 presidential race has been dominated by one issue : the economy . Americans are desperately looking for a leader who can steer the country into full recovery ; anything else is peripheral at this point . This past weekend , however , the presidential race was harmfully thrown off course . I 'm referring to the words of Pastor Robert Jeffress of the First Baptist Church of Dallas , Texas . Jeffress introduced Texas Gov. Rick Perry at the Values Voters Summit in Washington D.C. on Friday and strongly endorsed him , primarily because of his evangelical Christian beliefs . Shortly after the introduction , Jeffress said to reporters : "  Every true , born-again follower of Christ ought to embrace a Christian over a non-Christian . " Jeffress called Mormonism a "  cult , " and asked by a reporter if he believed Gov. Mitt Romney is a Christian , answered , "  No . " Romney , of course , is Mormon . Jeffress ' words echoed what he said in 2008 about Romney , when he told the Religion Newswriters Association at its annual meeting : "  The value of electing a Christian goes beyond public policies ... It is worse to legitimize a faith that would lead people to a separation from God . " In essence , Jeffress implied that voting for Mitt Romney would give credibility to a cult . After hearing Jeffress ' remarks , I decided to respond when I spoke at the same summit on Saturday . The Romney campaign contacted me before my speech about another speaker , Bryan Fischer , who has a history of controversial remarks concerning Mormonism . But Romney 's campaign had no say in my words to Jeffress . I said to Jeffress , along with everyone else , "  Do not give voice to bigotry . Remember George Washington , his manly advice to us , to despise all forms of racial and religious bigotry . He who was first in war , first in peace , and first in the hearts of his countrymen , counseled , ` We should give to bigotry no sanction , to persecution no assistance . ' "  Let 's follow him . And I would say to Pastor Jeffress , you stepped on and obscured the words of Perry and Santorum and Cain and Bachmann and everyone else who has spoken here . You did Rick Perry no good , sir , in what you had to say . " I agree that there are serious theological differences between evangelical Christianity and Mormonism . But those should be settled in churches , in homes , and in religious gatherings , not in front of a national political event . Pastor Jeffress says his words were merely theological . He , pastor of a successful mega-church , should know full well the fine line between religion and politics . His words were clearly political , as evidenced by the damaging effect it had on the Republican presidential candidates and the national debate . Gov. Perry immediately had to distance himself from Jeffress ' words . Gov. Romney quickly went on the defensive . And the other candidates , instantly grilled by the national media about their view of Mormonism , were thrown into a controversy they wanted no part of . Jeffress ' words were an inappropriate and deleterious distraction . Article Six of the Constitution states that "  no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . " The purpose of a political gathering like the Values Voters Summit is to build consensus around a candidate by examining positions and records . Yes , religion plays an essential role in those decisions , but one person 's faith should never be a disqualifying factor , whether that person is Jewish , Christian , Catholic , Muslim , Mormon , or of any other faith . To the right and left alike , we are in the middle of a grueling presidential campaign season . It behooves us to despise and reject all forms of religious , and racial , bigotry . Politics are about policy and deciding whether a candidate shares your views of the founding principles of this country -- life , liberty , and the rule of law -- which men and women of all different faiths can agree upon . When Abraham Lincoln spoke in 1838 to the Young Men 's Lyceum of Springfield , Illinois , concerning the "  perpetuation of our political institutions , " he admonished participants : "  Let reverence for the laws ... become the political religion of the nation . " We do not need , nor should we have , a religious test for public office . Should we choose to hold someone 's faith against him or her , we hurt only ourselves . Our chances of winning the 2012 presidential election depend on building the broadest coalition we can , not breaking it down . I do not question the theological knowledge of Pastor Jeffress , and , to his credit , he has said that he would vote for Romney should he win the nomination . Nevertheless , his comments were ill-timed and of poor taste . Again , the timeless wisdom of George Washington comes to mind . In a letter to the Hebrew Congregation of Newport , Rhode Island , Washington wrote , "  May the Children of the Stock of Abraham , who dwell in this land , continue to merit and enjoy the good will of the other inhabitants , while every one shall sit in safety under his own vine and fig tree , and there shall be none to make him afraid . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : Jeffress ' comments about Romney 's faith hurt presidential race Jeffress , a Perry supporter , said Romney is not a Christian and Mormonism is a cult Bennett says we must reject religious , and racial , bigotry ; politics are about policy There is no religious test for public office and it 's a matter of political principles , he says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hip hop is one U.S. commodity that has made it past the trade embargo to Cuba . Cuban rap duo "  Doble Filo " say hip hop allows them to embrace social issues . Cuba has developed a homegrown rap movement , inspired by the sounds and fashions of U.S. hip hop . But what makes Cuban rappers different is that rather than celebrating bling , girls and guns , their lyrics address social issues in a country where free speech is tightly controlled . Cuban rap began to surface in the 1990s , a grassroots affair , with songs recorded in rappers ' bedrooms and distributed on cassette tapes . The island 's fledgling hip hop scene was given a boost in 1999 , when it was endorsed by the government as "  an authentic expression of Cuban Culture . " In the following years the government set up the Cuban Rap Agency  CRA  to promote the scene , as well as a record label , "  Asere Productions , " and a rap magazine called "  Movimiento . " Government approval helped Cuban hip hop emerge from the underground , but some see that endorsement as a gilded cage . Formed in 1996 , rap duo "  Doble Filo "  "  Double Edged "  have been part of the Havana scene since the beginning and work with the Cuban Rap Agency . But rapper Irak Saenz admits there are contradictions in being part of the system . "  It does limit our creative freedom , " he told CNN . "  The CRA has an agenda that goes with the government 's agenda . It does n't limit me but it does force me to be creative in how I express my ideas . " Along with fellow Cuban rap duo "  Los Aldeanos "  "  The Villagers "  "  Doble Filo " work with U.S. hip hop audio/visual label , Emetrece Productions . But "  Los Aldeanos " , who formed in 2003 , are part of a younger generation of Cuban rappers . They do n't belong the CRA , and nor do they want to . They are defiantly underground and outspoken . "  Hip hop is an art form speaks the truth about how people are living , " says Aldo Rodriguez , one half of Los Aldeanos . Their track "  Niñito Cubano " is about a young boy growing up during Cuba 's "  special period " , when the fall of the Soviet Union brought hardship to the island . Their forthright lyrics about life in Cuba do n't make them any friends among Cuba 's authorities , and that limits their opportunities on the island . "  Our lyrics do n't always go with the standard Cuban rhetoric and often that wo n't get airplay , " says Rodriguez . "  I can be famous in other countries , but here they wo n't let me play a concert in a theater . " Listen to Doble Filo and Los Aldeanos here " Doble Filo 's Saenz has performed the U.S. with fellow Cubans "  Obsesion " , a tour that included playing on the same bill as U.S. rap stars Kanye West and The Roots . He says that where his generation of rappers was forced to limit the way it talked about the realities of daily life , the new generation is bolder with its lyrics . Bian Rodriguez , also known as El B , the other member of "  Los Aldeanos , " says hip hop gives voice to the concerns of ordinary Cubans . "  People tell me they need this music , not just because they can identify with what we are saying , but because they feel that maybe we can say things they might be afraid to say publicly , " he told CNN . Like most other Cuban rap groups , "  Los Aldeanos " are n't yet in a position to make a living from their music . El B has won Cuba 's Red Bull freestyle rapping championship three years in a row , but he still has a day job as a primary school teacher . A lack of funds and equipment means the island 's hip hop producers have to use a certain amount of ingenuity when it comes to recording their music . Doble Filo 's producer Edgaro explains that in the group 's early days , he would make tracks by looping the last few bars of songs on cassette tapes . These days , Edgaro produces songs on his PC , but the software is pirated from copies brought into the country and circulated on the streets . It simply is n't available in the stores . More about Cuba 's arts : Carlos Acosta takes CNN on a tour of Havana . " As the scene develops the groups are getting more ambitious . Doble Filo are now incorporating live musicians into their sound , weaving in elements of traditional Cuban music , and they are set to release their debut album "  Despierta "  "  Wake up "  through Emetrece Productions . Emetrece is run by Melisa Riviere , a Ph.D. candidate in the Anthropology Department at the University of Minnesota . More than just promoting good music , she says Emetrece is trying to educate , and to challenge the U.S. embargo on Cuba . Like Cuba 's rappers , she sees hip hop as a tool for social change . As El B puts it , "  I think one of the things people take from the music is the idea that we can do anything , we can change anything , we can be anything we want . "	Cuba 's homegrown rap scene is known for its socially conscious lyrics Rap groups "  Doble Filo " and "  Los Aldeanos " speak out about life in Cuba They say hip hop lets them talk about issues ordinary Cubans can not
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court kicked off its new term on Monday , struggling to clarify when foreign victims of torture and other crimes against humanity can sue corporations and others in federal courts . The outcome could have significant global impact from a moral , political , and financial perspective . At issue is the scope of a federal law that is increasingly being used in an effort to hold parties accountable for human rights atrocities committed overseas . A dozen Nigerian political activists now living under asylum in the United States claim foreign oil companies were complicit in violent abuse at the hands of their former country 's military . The decade-old lawsuits have been blocked from going to trial in American courts . The Obama administration is siding partly with the foreign businesses . Election raises stakes for court vacancies The justices first heard the case in February , trying to sort out whether individuals alone -- or political groups and corporations also -- are covered by broad civil immunity for alleged international law abuses . Now the court will decide that and a more fundamental question : whether the 1789 federal law can be applied to any conduct committed entirely outside the United States . "  Do you disagree -LSB- there -RSB- are fair -LSB- international -RSB- judicial systems where a plaintiff can get a fair shake ? " said Justice Samuel Alito , reflecting general conservative skepticism . "  If that 's so , then why does this case belong in the courts of the United States , when it has nothing to do with the United States other than the fact that a subsidiary of the defendant has a big operation here ? " But other justices said federal courts for two centuries were open to such foreign claims , initially in response to piracy on the high seas . "  We gave a stamp of approval " to such lawsuits in a 1980 case , said Justice Elena Kagan , "  understanding that there were certain categories of offenders who were today 's pirates . " Chief Justice John Roberts wasted little time before moving on to the first of two cases . The nine-member bench remains the same , and showed no signs of discord after the controversial , landmark ruling in late June upholding President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul . Scalia dismisses talk of rancor The human rights appeal was filed on behalf of residents of the oil-abundant Ogoni area of the Niger River delta . Two decades ago , they protested environmental harm caused by Shell and other energy firms from petroleum extraction . They and their families claim the Nigerian government brutally suppressed them , "  aided and abetted " by private corporations doing business there . The Ogoni 9 -- as the key leaders became known -- were allegedly detained , tortured , and tried by a special Nigerian military tribunal , in violation of international human rights treaties . The Nigerian government 's 1993-95 crackdown sparked global outrage after author Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other activists were convicted , then hanged . Among those bringing suit is his nephew , Charles Wiwa , who escaped the oppression and now lives in Chicago as a political refugee . He described being a student activist beaten by soldiers for hours in front of a crowd of onlookers , then detained and tortured for days . He claims Shell -- based in the Netherlands and Britain -- conspired with the government to keep its business operations going in the face of protests and should be held accountable for ignoring or encouraging a pattern of killings , rapes , beatings , and property destruction . He said the only place to obtain justice is in the United States . "  Nigeria 's dictatorship has grown rich from its oil , " Wawa told CNN . "  It is important those  oil  companies be held responsible , because we can not bring any legal action in courts in Nigeria . " The U.S. law in question is the Alien Tort Statute , which gives federal courts jurisdiction over civil claims from foreigners that they were harmed by international law violations . It was largely ignored for decades , but has now become an important legal vehicle for those bringing human rights claims . Similar lawsuits involve Chevron and Exxon energy operations in Indonesia ; Chiquita Brand fruit farms in Colombia ; and businesses that operated years ago in the apartheid system in South Africa . Justices will soon take up same-sex marriage The high court in 2004 endorsed use of the statute in question , but only in limited circumstances . Paul Hoffman , attorney for the Nigerians , said the United States was a proper judicial forum for such limited claims . "  The trend in the world today is towards universal justice for people and corporations that violate these kinds of norms , " he told the court . "  In fact , the United States has been the leader in that . Our government has proclaimed our leadership position to U.N. bodies and around the world . All four left-leaning justices were skeptical about giving corporations a judicial free pass of sorts . When Kathleen Sullivan , attorney for the corporations , suggested prior court precedent did not deal with the current dispute , Sotomayor shook her head . "  You 're basically saying -LSB- the prior cases -RSB- were all wrong , " said Sotomayor . "  Counsel , how can you say that ? Maybe the facts did n't , but certainly the reasoning of the case addressed that issue very directly , basically said it does " give Nigerians a chance to make their case in U.S. courts . A ruling is expected in a few months . The case is Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum  10-1491  .	Supreme Court begins new term with case involving foreign victims of torture Case involving Shell Oil could have significant global impact Human rights appeal filed on behalf of residents of oil-abundant area of Nigeria
"  This is the house ? " my mom asks , turning around . "  Yes , " says our guide . "  This is where your grandmother was born . " My mother and I have traveled more than 6,000 miles to explore Candia Canavese , a tiny village outside Torino , Italy , founded in the fifth century . We 're here to learn more about our heritage and get a sense of where her family is from . We 're not the first ones to visit for that reason . Even though Candia Canavese has a population of just 1,200 , our guide says plenty of other travelers have come searching for records , data , photos and that intangible sense of history you ca n't get without visiting a place yourself . Interest in genealogy appears to be at an all-time high , with a recent Harris Interactive Survey indicating that four in five Americans wish to learn more about their family history . Shows like CNN 's upcoming "  Roots : Our journeys home , " along with series "  Who do You Think You Are ? " and "  Finding Your Roots " are gaining in popularity . "  People see these programs and they want that experience for themselves , " says Michelle Ercanbrack , family historian at Ancestry.com . As a result , she says , more travelers are looking to incorporate family history research into a trip or even plan a standalone journey for the sole purpose of discovering their roots . Want to embark on your own family tree trip ? Here are some tips and techniques to help smooth the process . Get your history organized before you leave If you 're spending the time and money to get to a far-flung destination , you do n't want to spend your visit stuck in a library or office . It 's more rewarding to get your history organized before you leave . "  Start with what you know and build your tree online , " says Ercanbrack . Sites like Ancestry.com , Familysearch.org and Genealogy.com can get you on the right track , while genealogy research site Cyndislist.com has a comprehensive collection of useful links . For example , Ancestry.com has 14 billion searchable , indexed records -- everything from passenger records to census data and more . "  Remember , online records can build the branches , but there will be holes -- things you ca n't find because of records loss or privacy details , " Ercanbrack adds . Beyond just building out a family tree skeleton online , it 's also wise to create a historical timeline before your trip . A snapshot of the family 's movements will help you see holes easier . For example , start with one family member -- say a grandparent -- and create a timeline of where and when they were born , where they lived , went to school , were married , and so forth . Writing things down in a narrative fashion can help you pinpoint gaps , like when a child might have been born or a family member emigrated . Let them know you 're coming Regardless if where in the world family history travel takes you , it helps to get in touch with a few locals before you arrive . People worth contacting include librarians , city clerks , museum officers and clergy . Giving information in advance helps a researcher flag potential documents and can maximize time on the ground while visiting . Prior to our Italy trip , my mother and I got in touch with the innkeeper at the one hotel in the village to inquire about an Italian-speaking guide to help us . Our host went above and beyond -- as it turns out his family had lived in the village for generations and knew all the people we needed to speak to . Because we sent information requests with family names and dates in advance , by the time we arrived he had already laid the groundwork and we had appointments with the priest and the city clerk 's office . That allowed us to spend a good chunk of our time wandering the streets , taking in the ambiance and imagining how my great-grandmother 's family lived . On-site research : Tombstones and immigration offices Sure , you may have to spend time browsing through old boxes and files searching for documents , but there are countless of other places to find data while visiting a location . "  Visiting the place is where you do the finishing touches , " says Ercanbrack . Cemeteries : Local cemeteries often provide location-based details you wo n't find in other files such as place of death . They can also turn up details on previously unknown family members or even children that died as infants and were never recorded . Ercanbrack offers a great tip for getting details off a worn headstone : Shine a flashlight directly above the headstone to cast a shadow on engravings -- you can then take a picture of the shadow . It 's far more effective than using the paper-rubbing-with-charcoal technique you see so often in the movies -- that can actually permanently damage the headstone . Immigration offices : Passport applications and naturalization records can be information goldmines , as they often include detailed information on family records , places of residence and work . Military/VA Offices : Military pension records also are crammed with data including dates and location of service , awards and recognition and time spent overseas . Note that these might be harder to access and there are privacy issues concerning release of some statistics , but worth investigating . By the end of our journey we discovered new details previously blank on the family tree . More importantly , we felt connected to a place that was previously just a spot on the map . As Alex Haley , author of "  Roots , " so eloquently put it : "  In all of us there is a hunger , marrow-deep , to know our heritage -- to know who we are and where we have come from . Without this enriching knowledge , there is a hollow yearning . "	Interest in genealogy is rising , with many choosing to combine travel with family history research Websites like Ancestry.com offer access to billions of indexed records Librarians , city clerks , museum officers and clergy members can be solid sources of information
A JetBlue pilot has been charged with interfering with a flight crew after his midair behavioral meltdown led to an emergency landing . The federal criminal complaint reveals details of the incident in which Clayton Osbon , 49 , displayed what passengers and fellow crew members described as erratic , bizarre and disturbing behavior . Osbon has been suspended pending an investigation and is receiving medical treatment , the airline said Wednesday . If convicted , Osbon would face a maximum 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . The U.S. Attorney 's office has 30 days to present the matter to a grand jury for indictment . Read the criminal complaint In the two-page affidavit in support of an arrest warrant , FBI Special Agent John Whitworth said Osbon missed the crew briefing for Flight 191 , which departed at 7:28 a.m. Tuesday from New York 's Kennedy International Airport en route to Las Vegas . "  Initially , he did not exhibit any bizarre behavior , " Whitworth said in the affidavit , which describes behavior that grew more erratic as the flight continued . The affidavit details the trip : As the plane was taking off , Osbon "  said something to the FO  first officer  about being evaluated by someone , " but the first officer was not sure what Osbon meant . Osbon talked about his church and needing to "  focus , " then asked the first officer to take over the controls and the radio . Osbon said , "  Things just do n't matter , " talked about sins in Las Vegas , and at one point said , "  We 're not going to Vegas . " About 3 1/2 hours into the planned five-hour flight , the pilot left the cockpit to use the lavatory , but he failed to follow security protocol , alarming the crew . He then banged on the lavatory door and told the female passenger inside that he needed to go to the bathroom . By that time , the first officer had summoned another JetBlue pilot who had been traveling as a passenger to enter the cockpit and the two locked themselves inside . From the cabin , Osbon tried to enter his security code to gain access to the cockpit "  and he banged on the door hard enough that the FO thought he was coming through the door . " But the door held and , over the PA , the first officer ordered passengers to restrain Osbon . Several did just that , subduing the pilot in the forward galley . During the melee , a flight attendant suffered bruised ribs . A passenger said Osbon said , "  Pray f *** ing now for Jesus Christ " and mumbled about Jesus , September 11 , Iraq , Iran and terrorists . How are flight crews screened ? "  The pilot ran to the cockpit door , began banging on it and said something to the effect of , ` We 've got ta pull the throttle back . We 've got ta get this plane down , ' " said passenger Laurie Dhue , a former CNN anchor . "  At that point , the two flight attendants tried to subdue him , and then -- seemingly out of nowhere -- about six or seven large guys stormed to the front of the plane and wrestled the captain of the plane down to the ground and had him subdued in a matter of moments , " she said . "  It was really like something out of a movie . " Amateur video of the incident showed a commotion as men moved through the aisle . A voice , purportedly that of the pilot , can be heard . "  Oh my God . I 'm so distraught ! " he shouts . "  We 've got Israel , we 've got Iraq , we 've got Israel , we 've got Iraq ! We 've got to get down ! " Law enforcement met the aircraft , cuffed the pilot and took him off the plane . If that description of Osbon 's behavior is correct , "  this guy was clearly psychotic , " said Dr. William Sledge , a professor of psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine who has not treated Osbon . "  That has all the earmarks of an acute psychotic episode . I would n't hesitate to make that statement . " Psychosis is an automatic disqualification from flying , said Sledge , who is himself a pilot , was a flight surgeon at the School of Aerospace Medicine and has consulted for the Federal Aviation Administration , the Airline Pilots Association and a number of airlines . Cases of psychosis among pilots are unusual , but not rare , and can be career-ending , he said . "  Pretty much , their career is done , most of them , " he said . "  It 's a lifetime disqualification for obvious reasons ... you have to be able to trust each other and you have to be able to trust that the airman is going to be able to perform in a reasonable way . " Passenger Tony Antolino praised the co-pilot . "  He really , I think , is the hero here because he had the sense to recognize that something was going horribly wrong , and he was able to persuade the pilot out of the cockpit , " he said . The first officer declared an emergency and the plane landed at about 11 a.m. in Amarillo , Texas . Passengers restraining Osbon continued to do so during the landing . Osbon , who has worked as a JetBlue pilot for 12 years , has been taken off active duty with pay , said airline spokeswoman Tamara Young . CEO Dave Barger said Osbon had always been a "  consummate professional . " "  What happened at altitude is we had a medical situation , " Barger told NBC News . "  It became a security situation . " Barger said the captain was in custody of the FBI . Citing privacy concerns , JetBlue would not divulge details about his treatment . Osbon has not made a public statement . The Twitter page for a Clayton F. Osbon describes him as "  JetBlue Flight Standards Captain " for the Airbus A320 , as well as a leadership coach . Tuesday 's Flight 191 from New York to Las Vegas was on an Airbus A320 . Both the Twitter and LinkedIn pages in Osbon 's name describe him as a director of Body By Vi . The LinkedIn page says the company helps "  people to a better life " through health and financial prosperity . A Facebook page for a Clayton Osbon says he is married and lives in Savannah , Georgia . The blog Writer Killing Darlings carries a profile of Osbon , which was published last year in the magazine Richmond Hill Reflections . "  Clayton lives with his wife of six years , Connye , and enough animals to make a lint-brush essential , " the story says . Osbon "  wants to be a motivational speaker down the road , " the story says . "  It starts with a greater enhanced knowledge of one 's being ... you know , I 'd like to think the world is more than just getting up in the morning , making a cup of coffee , going to work , coming home , kissing your wife good-night and going to bed , " it quotes him as saying . "  I was surprised , to say the least , " Christine Lucas , who wrote the profile , said about her reaction when she heard the news Tuesday . She said she had met with the pilot three times in preparing to write the story and that he gave no indication that anything was amiss . "  He was fantastic , and I believe he probably still is . I 'm as eager as everybody else to figure out what happened . But he was a gregarious guy , he was confident and he seemed happy . I ca n't say that anything led me to think that something like this would happen . "	"  Pretty much , their career is done , " psychiatrist says about psychotic episodes among pilots "  Initially , he did not exhibit any bizarre behavior , " FBI agent 's affidavit says Clayton Osbon talked about his church and needing to "  focus , " affidavit says If convicted , pilot faces a maximum 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine
CNN  A New York City detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid , according to police spokesman Stephen Davis . Surveillance video obtained by CNN affiliate News 12 Brooklyn appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the Yemen Deli and Grocery store in Brooklyn last Friday . The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes , according to News 12 Brooklyn . Ali Abdullah , the store 's manager , noticed the money was gone from a box , but assumed it was taken by one of his employees . When he checked the cameras he could n't believe what he saw , he told News 12 Brooklyn . Cyrus , who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau , could not be reached for comment . His supervisor Sgt. Fritz Glemaud , who was heading the raid , was placed on modified duty , Davis said .	New York police detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended pending internal investigation He is accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid , police say
Debris flew into the stands , injuring a number of spectators -- at least two of them critically -- during a jaw-dropping crash Saturday in the final turn of a NASCAR race at Daytona International Speedway . The multicar crash occurred near the end of the Nationwide Series Drive4COPD 300 race at the same Florida track where Sunday 's Daytona 500 will be held . The race had recently restarted after another wreck , after which driver Michael Annett was hospitalized for bruising to his chest , according to Richard Petty Motorsports . Several closely-packed cars were jostling for position at top speed when they got tangled up , setting off a dangerous chain reaction that ensnared a number of vehicles . Reigning Sprint Cup champ Brad Keselowski -- who later told CNN he and others were simply "  going for the win " -- was among those involved , while Tony Stewart somehow emerged unscathed and finished by winning the race . Driver Kyle Larson 's vehicle ended up flying into a fence that separates the track from spectators . It broke into pieces -- including tires and a fiery engine . Larson walked away from the crash , even after the front part of his No. 32 car was completely gone . He and the other nine drivers involved told reporters that they were checked at a medical tent on the Daytona infield and released . Some of the shredded debris flew into the barrier , while others got into the stands -- some of it reaching the second level about 20 feet up . A video posted on YouTube shows a cloud of debris flying into stands and one man gasping , "  Oh , my God . " A tire rests on one seat , as a man frantically waves and yells to get the attention of paramedics . Afterward , several spectators could be seen lying down after apparently suffering injuries . A line of about 10 ambulances lined up on the track , with some first responders carrying stretchers . Fourteen fans were treated at an on-site medical facility , while 14 others were transported to area hospitals , speedway president Joie Chitwood told reporters . "  I 'm just hoping everyone is OK , " said Keselowski . "  As drivers , we assume the risk . But fans do not . " NASCAR president Mike Helton earlier told ESPN , which was broadcasting the race , some people were taken to Halifax Health Medical Center . He said the protective fence did its job in preventing potentially more injuries and possibly deaths . Byron Cogdell , a spokesman for the hospital , told CNN that his facility was treating 12 patients . Two of those -- one of them a child -- are in critical but stable condition . "  Everybody appears to be in stable condition , " Cogdell said . Staff at Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center were treating one person and expecting three more , spokeswoman Lindsay Rew said Saturday evening . The injured include Eddie Huckaby , a 53-year-old Krum , Texas , resident who suffered a leg gash when a large piece of metal hit him as he was watching the race , his brother Terry Huckaby told CNN affiliate WKMG . He described the motor landing in the stands , as well as a wheel "  and everything flying over your head and debris everywhere . " "  He 's doing fine , " Terry Huckaby said of his brother , who underwent surgery at Halifax Health Medical Center . "  The first thing he said , ' I do n't want to miss that  Daytona 500  race , but I have to watch on TV . ' " Accidents are nothing new to NASCAR , where cars often cruise at speeds topping 190 mph , nor to the Daytona track . One of the sport 's most horrific , and well-known , wrecks happened in the 2001 Daytona 500 , when famed driver Dale Earnhardt Sr. was killed -- also , on that race 's final lap . Still , injuries and fatalities to spectators are much rarer . With the stands having been quickly evacuated , crews worked to repair the damaged fence . Chitwood expressed confidence the 55th edition of the Daytona 500 would go on as planned , with spectators even sitting in the same seats struck by debris Saturday . "  With the fence being prepared tonight to our safety protocols , we expect to go racing tomorrow with no changes , " Chitwood said .	Texas man had surgery after suffering leg gash but is "  doing fine , " brother says The multicar crash happens at the end of a Nationwide Series race in Daytona speedway Debris , including an engine , ends up airborne -- some reaching the stands ' second level 12 patients are at one hospital , two of them in critical but stable condition , official says
Oprah.com  -- Her Passion : The world looks different in the company of Kim Soerensen -- specifically , it 's mounted on a pedestal , in an array of colors , sizes , and materials . Over nine years , Soerensen has acquired thousands of unique globes . Some have textured mountains ; some illustrate ocean currents in fine detail . Some are faded with age -- and many depict national borders long since dissolved . Oprah.com : 20 Books for the armchair traveler "  Each one is a tiny piece of history , " says Soerensen , whose collection includes delicate glass orbs , toy tin balls , retro black spheres , Soviet-made moon globes , and even an upside-down globe with Australia on top . Her Start : The first globe to catch Soerensen 's eye , in 2002 , cost $ 5 at Goodwill . It looked old , but Soerensen could n't be sure how old . So she did some digging -- and traced its origins to turn-of-the-century Germany . An obsession was born . Oprah.com : 10 marvels of our world In 2005 , when Soerensen unearthed proof prints for the first complete moon globe , she offered them to the Austrian National Library , which houses the world 's most respected globe museum . Impressed by her knowledge , they asked Soerensen to become their globe scout in the United States . She 's been finding antique models for European museums ever since . Oprah.com : Genius idea : Traveling with a suitcase full of good Her Empire : The day she counted 150 globes in her home , Soerensen knew it was time to upgrade her space . She opened Omniterrum , a store where people can marvel at -- and purchase -- her spectacular spheres .  Prices start at around $ 25 , but she once sold a 17th-century Italian globe for $ 150,000 . Oprah.com : Be your own boss : 4 must-haves before starting a business Soerensen also maintains an online business omniterrum.com and delights in giving tours of her worldly wares -- because even if you 're not planning to do any globetrotting , she believes there is plenty of pleasure to be found in , as she calls it , "  traveling with your fingertips . " Oprah.com : Great gifts for world travelers Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Kim Soerensen has been collecting globes since 2002 She is a ` globe scout ' in the US for European museums Her store Omniterrum has sold globes ranging from $ 25 to $ 150,000
CNN  -- It 's been described as the symbolic voice of God . You can hear it trumpeting across Israel and Jewish communities everywhere during the Jewish New Year , Rosh Hashanah , which begins at sundown on September 24 . Crafted from the horn of a kosher animal , the shofar is "  an instrument that releases , symbolically , God 's voice , " according to shofar expert Robert Weinger . "  We are waking up our spirituality . To return to god to actually cleanse ourselves . " Weinger , an American , worked in the food and beverage industry for over 20 years before he found his calling . Now , he imports shofars to the United States from Israel . Aside from importing shofars , Weinger also plays it for people and at synagogues . But when he does , he says it 's not about him . "  I do n't strike a pose and have the focus on me , " says Weinger . "  The focus is on the breath of God , which is being released through me . " The instrument is almost as old as Judaism , dating back thousands of years to the time of Abraham and Isaac . "  First , during Rosh Hashanah , we sound the shofar to coronate God as the king , " says Rabbi Meir Schweiger of the Pardes Institute of Jewish Studies . "  The second , is that the shofar is seen as an alarm , a kind of wake-up call . Take stock of what you 've done over the past year . " The Jewish calendar enters the year 5775 . Rosh Hashanah marks the time Jews believe God created man . "  It also marks the day when Adam and Eve ate from the tree of knowledge of good and evil , " says Schweiger says . But first , this alarm needs to be created . In a nondescript workshop in Tel Aviv , Eli Ribak grinds down the rough edges of a ram 's horn . Surrounding him are sacks of raw horns fill every corner , rising to the ceiling . Ribak 's family has been crafting shofars for three generations -- and his partner 's family since the 14th century . Their company , Shofarot-Israel , is one of the biggest producers of shofars in the world . Around the Jewish New Year , the horn blasts fill his small showroom . Boxes of all types of shofars line the walls . There are some made out of long and spiral antelope horns , curved rams horns and buffalo horns . But not every horn can be turned into a shofar . "  According to Jewish law , the shofar has to be something that is actually hallow inside , " Schweiger says . "  You ca n't have the shofar of a cow and in fact the preferred shofar is a ram 's horn . " Customers at Ribak 's shop test each one trying to find that perfect pitch . "  We need to select the right shofar to the person , " says Ribak . "  If a good shofar works for you . It wo n't necessarily be a good shofar for someone else . " If a customer does n't know how to play the instrument , Ribak can teach them . Much like the trumpet "  you have to ensure that no air escapes from a very tiny hole in your lips , " says Ribak . "  Straight and fast , that is how you blow a shofar . " For Weinger , he is listening for a specific sound . "  I am listening for the heart of god . I am listening for that pure sound that is in complete harmony . "	The shofar is "  an instrument that releases , symbolically , God 's voice , " says an expert The instrument dates back thousands of years to the time of Abraham and Isaac Made from the horn of a kosher animal , the preferred shofar is a ram 's horn Customers at Eli Ribak 's shop in Tel Aviv test each one , trying to find that perfect pitch
CNN  -- Time to pull up the comfy chair . Monty Python 's three-week London engagement ends Sunday , and for the final show the world will be allowed to watch . The last performance from the O2 Arena will be screened in more than 2,000 movie theaters and on TV screens around the world . Well , about 100 countries ' worth of the world , anyway .  No word on whether the program will be aired on both peaks of Mount Kilimanjaro .  In the United States , the show can be viewed at selected movie theaters . Reviews for the show , called "  Monty Python Live  Mostly  , " have generally been respectful , if not ecstatic . It 's "  a nostalgic celebration of the extraordinary contribution these men have made to modern comedy , " wrote the Observer 's Stephanie Merritt , noting that though the show 's greatest-hits pattern is n't thrilling , the rapport between the Pythons -- Eric Idle , John Cleese , Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones -- is a joy to watch . "  The chemistry between them still fizzes , " she wrote . The Telegraph was slightly more upbeat . "  The Pythons came , they doddered , but they conquered , " wrote Dominic Cavendish . The shows have n't been without their flaws . On opening night , Cleese forgot a line during the famous Dead Parrot sketch . But the group -- all of whom are in their 70s -- knew criticism was coming . They made jokes themselves , letting an equally aged Mick Jagger complain about "  wrinkly old men trying to relive their youth " in a promotional video shown at a Python press conference . "  The best one died years ago , " Jagger added , referring to Graham Chapman , who died in 1989 . Mick Jagger : Python are ` wrinkly old men trying to relive their youth ' At the press conference , Palin said that the shows were Python 's way of "  saying goodbye publicly " to fans . Idle added , "  Our motto has been ` leave them wanting less . ' " The performances have done well though . The first show sold out in 43 seconds . One must always look on the bright side of life . If you miss the live Sunday performance , do n't worry : The show will air again later in the week . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Pete Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Monty Python 's final London concert airing in theaters , on TV Python concluding run set for Sunday at London 's O2 Arena Show is n't something completely different but a greatest hits for comedy troupe
CNN  -- A battle is raging in the nation 's capital over who should be nominated as the next chairman of the Federal Reserve . As President Obama considers his choices , all sides are pushing their candidates . The two main contenders to replace outgoing chairman Ben Bernanke are the current vice chairwoman of the Fed , Janet Yellen , and Larry Summers , an economics adviser to President Obama , former Treasury secretary and president of Harvard University . Summers ' acerbic and dismissive intellectual style , his support of bank deregulation  he was a key leader in the Clinton administration 's team that worked with Congress to repeal the Glass-Steagall Act , a Depression-era law separating investment banking from institutions with federally insured deposits  , his fight against regulating financial derivatives  a major source of the financial crisis  and his successful advocacy with Congress to allow higher executive pay and bonuses for financial executives whose firms received billions in federal bailouts during the financial crisis all feed the opposition , who believe that Yellen is perfectly well qualified to lead the Federal Reserve . Although many people do n't know it , the Federal Reserve does n't just regulate the money supply -- it is also a principal regulator of America 's largest banks . It 's not so much that Yellen is a far superior candidate -- after all , she and Summers are on the same page when it comes to monetary policy . There is little indication from her record about what kind of approach she would take on regulation . But compared with Summers , she can not be worse . The real issue is : Given Summers ' track record , could he be a tough regulator ? Supporters of Summers say he can be tough . But evidence from his days in government and on Wall Street suggest otherwise . Summers has advocated for limited regulation throughout his career . In September 2000 , while he was the Treasury secretary , he said that the role of financial regulation was to find policies that "  help to expand the size of  financial  markets . ... Deregulation becomes that much more important , to ensure that government is not preventing or distorting the development of fast-growing markets . " He also told the Securities Industry Association that "  it is the private sector , not the public sector , that is in the best position to provide effective supervision . ... In the past few years , the private sector has risen to meet the challenges ... and we have seen significant self-correction . " A decade later , at a conference in 2011 , Summers showed no second thoughts on his previous deregulatory policies , arguing that the financial crisis was not caused by "  new-fangled financial instruments , " including the derivatives that he fought to protect from regulation in the late 1990s . When it comes to Wall Street , Summers said he obtained insights based partly on working part-time for the hedge fund D.E. Shaw and Company where he earned over $ 5 million in just one year . Summers said the experience gave him "  a better sense of how market participants sort of think and react to things from sort of listening to the conversations and listening to the way the traders at D. E. Shaw thought . " According to former colleagues at D.E. Shaw , Summers was directly involved in sales , including sales of what turned out to be highly overvalued mortgage-backed securities to Asian sovereign wealth funds , the kind of securities that were deeply implicated in the financial meltdown . He was also a "  prized spokesman " for D.E. Shaw , "  routinely made himself available for private consultations " with prospective and existing clients , and met with investors from the U.S. and abroad . One young female quant who worked with him had this to say on her blog , "  But when I think about that last project I was working on , I still get kind of sick to my stomach . It was essentially , and I need to be vague here , a way of collecting dumb money from pension funds . There 's no real way to make that moral , or even morally neutral . " By "  dumb money , " she is referring to the fact that investors , including those who manage public pension funds , routinely buy certain types of secure assets on a regular schedule or in other predictable patterns . Hedge funds like D.E. Shaw take advantage of that predictable behavior by selling these assets to investors for a slightly higher price . Because of the huge dollar value and volume of these investments , such strategies can make hundreds of millions of dollars for hedge funds . Now , Summers has defenders . Michael Barr , a strong advocate of financial regulation who worked for Summers at the Treasury as assistant secretary for financial institutions said , "  I would n't have gone to work for Larry if he did n't believe in financial regulation . " But arguing that Summers ' multi-million dollar sales work for a hedge fund somehow adds to his qualifications for the Fed chairman job is ludicrous . He was working for and dressing up the work of financial professionals selling high-priced investment products made even more expensive by the exorbitant fees charged by hedge funds . Moreover , hedge fund investments often are inferior for investors . In 2012 , an investor would have done much better by simply buying the S&P 500 index instead of a hedge fund . To convince investors to pay their high fees , hedge funds do a lot of active selling and cozying up to money managers . Summers was part of this public relations strategy -- a glittering ornament to lure in investors . There 's nothing illegal in all of this . But there 's also nothing in Summers ' experience to suggest that he would be a tough regulator . His supporters include people like Robert Rubin , former chairman of Citibank and co-chairman of Goldman Sachs , and Timothy Geithner , who as president of the New York Federal Reserve and later Treasury secretary , refused to take a tough line on bank regulation . Think they are pushing Summers because he 'd be a tough regulator ? Think again . America needs a Fed leader who will protect small businesses , ordinary investors , and the economy from misbehavior by big banks and financial corporations . We need a fierce regulatory watchdog , not a lapdog of the banks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick McGahey .	Larry Summers is a top contender for the job of chairman of the Federal Reserve Rick McGahey : Given Summers ' track record , he is unlikely going to be a tough regulator He says Summers supported deregulation of banks and higher pay for financial executives McGahey : We need a fierce regulatory watchdog at the Fed , not a lapdog of the banks
CNN  -- Bayern Munich may be leading Germany 's bid for success on European football 's main stage , but Borussia Dortmund rule the roost domestically after winning the Bundesliga title for the second successive season on Saturday . Champions League semifinalists Bayern made sure their rivals would have to get a result in the late kickoff by snatching a last-gasp 2-1 win at Werder Bremen , but Dortmund retained the crown with two matches to spare in front of their home crowd after a 2-0 victory over Borussia Monchengladbach . It put Jurgen Klopp 's team eight points clear of Bayern , who go to Spain on Wednesday holding a 2-1 advantage over Real Madrid with the added incentive of a final at Munich 's Allianz Arena on May 19 . Dortmund failed to make it past the group stages of Europe 's top club competition this season , but have won 23 of 32 matches in the German league and will face Bayern in the final of the German Cup on May 12 . Croatia midfelder Ivan Perisic opened the scoring in the 23rd minute with a header from Marcel Schmelzer 's free-kick , while Japan international Shinji Kagawa settled any nerves of the 80,720 sellout home crowd at Signal Iduna Park with the second goal on the hour mark to seal the club 's eighth title since forming in 1909 . Dortmund fans also cheered the return of 19-year-old Germany international Mario Gotze , who made his comeback as a substitute in the final 15 minutes having been sidelined by injury since mid-December . The victory extended Dortmund 's unbeaten league run to 26 matches , and ended Bayern 's slim hopes of a first title since 2010 and 23rd overall . Jupp Heynckes ' team needed a stoppage-time goal from Franck Ribery , who followed up his opener against Real last Tuesday by dealing a major blow to eighth-placed Werder Bremen 's hopes of Europa League football next season . Brazil defender Naldo put the home side ahead in the 51st minute , but diverted a cross by substitute Ribery into his own net with quarter of an hour to play . Ribery had been rested along with Arjen Robben -- who the France international reportedly fought with during the halftime break against Real and was fined , according to German reports . But Ribery struck in the final seconds to put Bayern 10 points clear of third-placed Schalke , who travel to fourth-bottom Augsburg on Sunday . Monchengladbach stayed a point behind Schalke , and facing an uphill battle to qualify for the Champions League . Stuttgart drew 1-1 at third-bottom Cologne and stayed in fifth ahead of Bayer Leverkusen , who won 1-0 at Hoffenheim . Second-bottom Hertha Berlin 's hopes of staying in the top flight suffered a big blow after a 2-1 home defeat by already-relegated Kaiserslautern .	Borussia Dortmund clinch second successive German league title on Saturday Jurgen Klopp 's team beat Borussia Monchengladbach 2-0 in front of home fans Victory seals championship with two rounds of the Bundesliga remaining Second-placed Bayern Munich win ahead of Champions League semifinal trip
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot has filed a complaint with Peruvian police claiming that his constitutional rights and his right to a defense were violated after his arrest in connection with the killing of a Peruvian woman . According to a copy of the complaint , obtained by CNN , van der Sloot alleges that his right to due process was denied . The complaint , given to the Peruvian National Police 's internal investigation unit , singles out the department 's homicide director , Col. Miguel Angel Canlla Ore , and those who work for him . Van der Sloot said he has been detained without a judicial order . "  I have been denied my right to a proper defense , by imposing an attorney that seems to be the girlfriend of a cop on duty who works in this police department , " the complaint states . He also alleges that police took his laptop and searched his communications and correspondence without a judicial order . "  I have been imposed an unofficial translator whom has confused me , with the intention of pressuring me to incriminate myself in the homicide investigation , " the complaint states . The document follows a similar complaint that van der Sloot made to a judge earlier this week . Meanwhile , a judge was expected decide on the legality of van der Sloot 's incarceration Wednesday , his lawyer said . If the ruling is unfavorable , attorney Maximo Altez said he is prepared to appeal to the highest court . Peruvian authorities have charged van der Sloot with murder in the death of 21-year-old Stephany Flores . He also is the lead suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in Aruba but was never charged because of lack of evidence . A court document obtained by CNN shows Flores had a cranial fracture and other significant injuries to her face and neck and showed signs of asphyxiation . Forensic luminol tests in the hotel room where her body was found showed blood on the floors , hallway and mattress , the document said . Altez has maintained that the judge in the case should strike down van der Sloot 's confession because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . But Peruvian police have defended the interrogation , saying that van der Sloot 's confession was acquired legally . According to transcripts of his confession , van der Sloot said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his shirt . The transcripts were provided to CNN by a police source who has not been named because he was not authorized to pass along the material . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . After killing Flores , police say , van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested on June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . Van der Sloot is being held in a high-security area of the Miguel Castro Castro prison where only two of 10 cells are occupied , and he has no contact with inmates in the general prison population . He is under guard 24 hours a day , authorities have said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Joran van der Sloot says his constitutional rights were violated NEW : He says the translator "  imposed " on him has confused him Legality of van der Sloot 's incarceration to be decided He also seeks to have his confession struck down
Gaza City  CNN  -- Explosions rumbled through Gaza City all night into Friday , and shortly after sunup , two detonations landed just 500 to 600 yards away from CNN 's team sending it running for cover inside the hotel . A litany of bombardments provided for a sleepless night of hearing and feel incoming ordinance exploding and watching rockets leaving Gaza for Israel . Falling bombs made doors clatter and sometimes even one 's bones . Clouds of smoke sprouted into the sky paralleling the repetition of thunderous booms . New destruction will await Egypt 's new Prime Minister Hesham Kandil , when he arrives Friday morning in Gaza to meet with Palestinian officials . Israel reported three people were killed , and Palestinians reported 19 deaths , including at least three killed late Thursday . Hamas gave conflicting information as to how many of them were Hamas militants . At least 422 rockets from Gaza have been fired into Israel since "  Operation Pillar of Defense " began Wednesday , the Israeli military said . Israel 's Iron Dome defense system has intercepted 130 , the Israel Defense Forces said . The al-Qassam Brigade , Hamas ' military arm , said on its Twitter feed that it had shot 527 projectiles at Israel in that time . Q&A : Gaza strikes could be beginning of ground attack One rocket struck an open area near Rishon LeZion , an Israeli city with more than 200,000 residents just south of Tel Aviv , the IDF said . Also , air sirens went off inside and outside the Israeli Defense Ministry in Tel Aviv . The building was evacuated briefly , and employees were allowed back in when the sirens stopped . An explosion was heard far off in the distance . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was in the building at the time of the evacuation , ministry officials said . Israel has targeted more than 300 "  terror sites " in Gaza , the IDF said . The military said it targeted scores of "  medium and long range rocket launch and infrastructure sites across the Gaza Strip . " The Israeli navy has taken aim at targets along Gaza 's shoreline , the IDF said . Airstrikes continued overnight , with planes striking sites in Gaza City . Sources with Hamas , which controls the government in Gaza , and Palestinian Islamic Jihad said that more than 140 strikes had hit Gaza . The al-Qassam Brigade said its operatives downed a military drone east of Gaza . An Israeli military spokeswoman told CNN that no IDF aircraft was shot down . At least three Israelis were killed and four were wounded when a rocket struck an apartment building in the town of Kiryat Malakhi on Thursday , an Israeli police spokesman said . Israeli military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich tweeted a photo that she said was a baby wounded from a rocket attack in Israel . The baby 's face is blurred , but the child appears to be spattered with blood . The al-Qassam Brigade tweeted a screen shot from Hamas-run al Aqsa TV , showing the mangled body of a child . "  Israel 's military kills Palestinian children in cold blood in #Gaza , " the tweet said . Al-Aqsa TV quoted the health ministry as saying 19 people had been killed , among them six children and two "  elderly . " The channel said more than 180 people have been wounded since the Israeli strikes began this week in Gaza . Israel has reported several people wounded , including another three soldiers injured Thursday morning by rockets from Gaza . Israel denies attacks linked to upcoming election Hamdan insisted that Israel "  started the war . " "  We are defending ourselves , " he said , arguing that Netanyahu was looking to cement support in advance of an election in two months . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak denied that any politics are involved in the decision . Speaking to CNN , Barak said Israel has destroyed most of the "  heavy long-range rockets " used by militants in Gaza and is working to "  systematically destroy " installations in which other rockets are produced . "  It will take some time , " he said . Israeli forces are going after Hamas weapons , storage bunkers , weapons labs and workshops , an Israeli official told CNN . The official has direct knowledge of Israeli plans but declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . The Israeli army moved nearly a division 's worth of troops -- perhaps 1,500 to 2,000 -- to the border , the official said . While multiple militant groups are behind the rocket attacks , Israel holds Hamas responsible ever since it took control of Gaza , Barak said . Hamas ' military wing has claimed responsibility for numerous operations in the past . The U.S. government and the European Union consider Hamas a terrorist organization . Photos : Deadly attacks in Gaza and Israel Netanyahu issued a statement Thursday saying , "  In recent days and weeks , Hamas and the other terrorist organizations in Gaza have made normal life impossible for over 1 million Israelis . No government would tolerate a situation where nearly a fifth of its people live under a constant barrage of rockets and missile fire . " He added , "  The terrorists are committing a double war crime . They fire at Israeli civilians , and they hide behind Palestinian civilians . And by contrast , Israel takes every measure to avoid civilian casualties . " Ghazi Hamad , Hamas ' deputy foreign minister , told CNN that Hamas was sending rockets toward Israel 's population because Israel thinks "  that it is easy to kill people in Gaza , " enter the area and "  do everything " it wants in Gaza . "  We send a message to them that Gaza is not an easy bone . ... You ca n't eat Gaza in one minute . If you do something , we will react . " Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti said the Israeli government has "  proven that it is a government of war and not peace . " Israel is "  the oppressor , " not the victim , he said . Concern over possibility of a ground assault The sudden increase in violence has raised fears of a widening conflict that could lead to an Israeli ground assault . Tony Blair , envoy for the Middle East Quartet , which is working to bring about a peace agreement , said on Thursday : "  I do n't think we should be of any doubt at all that if this situation continues and it escalates , it 's going to be really serious and tragic -- not just for Israelis and Palestinians , but actually it will cause a huge amount of upheaval right across the region , and this is a region , as you know , that does n't require more upheaval right now . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague issued a statement saying he is "  gravely concerned " and calling on all sides to avoid civilian casualties . "  Hamas bears principal responsibility for the current crisis . I utterly condemn rocket attacks from Gaza into southern Israel by Hamas and other armed groups . This creates an intolerable situation for Israeli civilians in southern Israel , who have the right to live without fear of attack from Gaza . The rocket attacks also risk worsening the plight of Palestinian civilians in Gaza , which is already precarious . " Read more : Palestinians : 13-year-old boy killed in Gaza Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , who leads the Palestinian Fatah movement based in the West Bank , is cutting short a visit to Europe to follow developments of "  the Israeli aggression on the Gaza strip , " PLO Executive Committee member Saeb Erakat said . Israel says it has called thousands of residents in Gaza to warn them of strikes and dropped leaflets in Gaza warning Palestinian civilians to "  avoid being present in the vicinity of Hamas operatives , " the IDF said . It also uses "  roof knocking " -- targeting a building "  with a loud but nonlethal bomb that warns civilians that they are in the vicinity of a weapons cache or other target . This method is used to allow all residents to leave the area before the IDF targets the site with live ammunition . " Read more : Israel : ` All options on the table in Gaza ' Roar of planes followed by ` kaboom ' At one point Thursday morning , 13 rockets were fired in quick succession from Gaza into Israel . A CNN crew could see trails of smoke as they reported from the Israeli side of the Erez Crossing on Gaza 's northern border . The crew was forced to take cover after rockets struck near the border crossing . Later , reporting from Gaza City , the crew witnessed airstrikes and plumes of black smoke in many parts of the city . Read more : Violence flares as Israelis , Palestinians trade fire Watch : Israel 's deputy PM on Gaza strikes Watch : Senior Hamas member on strikes in Gaza Egypt watches with interest The escalating violence is likely to further erode Israel 's fragile relationship with Egypt , which recalled its ambassador to Israel on Wednesday in protest over the ongoing strikes . It also delivered a formal protest to the Israeli government . On Thursday , when asked by CNN 's Hala Gorani if treaties between Egypt and Israel are in danger , the chief of the Egyptian presidential cabinet said no . "  Not at all . Because we have declared several times , repeatedly , that we abide by our international commitments , " Mohamed Refa'a al-Tahtawi said . "  But respecting a peace treaty does not mean to stay idle or indifferent to what is going on along our borders . A spokesman for Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy said the Arab League will meet Saturday in emergency session to discuss the violence . "  Egypt is taking all diplomatic measures with all parties involved to reach some sort of immediate truce or cease fire , " Yaser Ali added . A senior official in U.S. President Obama 's administration told CNN that the White House is asking Egypt and Turkey -- two nations that have influence with Hamas -- to urge the group to de-escalate the rocket attacks . But a Hamas deputy foreign minister told CNN : "  I am in touch with the Egyptians they are very angry and very upset because they feel that Israel put a knife in their back " by attacking sites in Gaza . Egypt 's Prime Minister Hesham Kandil will travel on Friday morning to Gaza with a team of presidential advisers and ministers to meet with Palestinian officials . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon also will go to Egypt and Israel next week , because of the rising tensions between Israel and Hamas , a Western diplomat told CNN . The diplomat said the Secretary General has canceled a trip to Mozambique , Botswana , Seychelles and Mauritius to go to the Middle East . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Talal Abu-Rahma reported from southern Israel and Gaza City ; CNN 's Josh Levs and Chelsea Carter reported from Atlanta ; CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Saad Abedine and Joe Vaccarello as well as journalists Per Nyberg and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Israel says 422 rockets fired from Gaza into Israel in past two days Warplanes bomb sites in Gaza City overnight Both sides tweet photos of children struck by the violence Egyptian PM , delegation head to Gaza on Friday morning
CNN  -- The intentional breach of a levee on the Mississippi River is helping to ease unprecedented flood pressure on other areas , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said . The Ohio River level had dropped about 1.7 feet at Cairo , Illinois , since Monday afternoon , before the blast , but that is expected to level off Wednesday . The breach , created when engineers detonated explosives late Monday night at Birds Point , Missouri , is sending 396,000 cubic feet of water per second onto 200 square miles of fertile Missouri farmland . The water is coursing across a floodway that Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon described as "  literally the most productive part of our continent . " Two states grapple with rising floodwaters Farmer Bryan Feezor said the sight makes you "  sick to your stomach " as he surveyed his submerged fields . "  Farming is all I ever have done ... and it 's under water , " he told CNN affiliate KPLR . "  I really do n't know  what I 'm going to do  . " A second levee blast was conducted Tuesday afternoon at New Madrid , Missouri , and a third is planned Wednesday near Hickman , Kentucky . The second and third blasts , downstream of Birds Point , will allow floodwater to return to the Mississippi River . While the plan appeared to be working -- the level of the Ohio River fell where it joins the Mississippi -- record crests and relentless pressure from millions of gallons of water still threatened communities throughout the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys . Vicksburg , Mississippi , could see water levels rise 4 feet by Sunday . Authorities told residents of Caruthersville , Missouri , that sandbags may not be enough to control the water . Corina Jolley , of Sikeston , Missouri , said she grew up in Dorena , Missouri , which she said was being inundated by the breach on the Mississippi River . A tombstone rests above the remains of her father and uncle , but "  I 'm sure we 'll never see it again , " said Jolley , who said residents of the rich farmland will be out of luck , as opposed to those in Cairo , for whom the risk has been lessened by the breaches . "  Whoever thought it would be this bad ? " she said . The situation was especially perilous for a 93-year-old woman who was caught in the swollen waters of the Black River near Poplar Bluff , Missouri , where two members of the Missouri National Guard rescued her from a partially submerged car . "  We were n't there to be heroes , " said Sgt. Tim Bridges . "  We were just doing our jobs . " Bridges , along with Spc. Junior Bombard , waded through the rushing , muddy waters to ferry the woman to safety . This "  is the reason why I signed up for the Guard , " said Spc. Junior Bombard . The town of Cairo remained under a mandatory evacuation despite the intentional breach , while six other communities were under voluntary evacuation notices , said Patti Thompson , spokeswoman for the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . "  We 're definitely not out of the woods yet , " she said . "  The levees are all very saturated right now and they 're going to continue to have a lot of pressure on them for several days . " Even with the levee breach , the National Weather Service continues to predict record or near-record flooding in parts of southern Illinois , southwest Indiana , western Kentucky and Tennessee , southeastern Missouri , northeastern Arkansas , and parts of Mississippi and Louisiana . Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh , commander of the Corps ' Mississippi River Valley Division , made the decision to order the breach . He warned that without punching a hole in the levee , massive flooding would threaten to inundate communities throughout the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys . "  There 's a tremendous amount of pressure on the system , " he told reporters Tuesday evening . "  The project operated as designed . " It was a controversial decision . Missouri officials took the Corps to court over the plan , questioning the agency 's authority to intentionally breach the levee . The state argued the floodwater would deposit silt on the estimated 130,000 acres , and years , along with millions of dollars , would be required to fix the damage . The U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case on Sunday , clearing the way for Walsh to blow the levee . Some Missouri residents were angered by the decision , saying it would destroy their communities and provide questionable benefit . But others felt the decision was for the best . "  Yeah , we lost ... acres of farm land here in Missouri , " said Sikeston , Missouri , resident Patricia Mobely , who recently fled the drought and firestorms of Texas for what she thought would be a more peaceful life in the Midwest . "  But how much more would we have lost if we had n't done it ? " "  The sacrifice that these people are making is for the greater good , " Jim Pogue with the Army Corps of Engineers told KPLR . "  Their sacrifices are going to benefit hundreds of thousands of people all through this region . It 's not just Cairo . It 's people all through this part of the country . " Walsh called the decision to inundate the farmland and about 100 homes "  heart-wrenching . " "  I 've been involved with flooding for 10 years and it takes a long time to recover from something like this , " he said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Farmer says the sight of his submerged farm makes you "  sick to your stomach " Operations seems to be working so far , official says Levees are breached at Birds Point and New Madrid , Missouri Record or near-record flooding is still forecast in at least eight states
CNN  -- The referees walked onto the field at M&T Stadium in Baltimore Thursday night before the Ravens faced the Cleveland Browns and heard the strangest thing : Cheers . Not just a few of them , either . They heard a standing ovation , long and loud from the early arriving fans , enough so that head referee Gene Steratore tipped his cap to the appreciative crowd like a conquering hometown hero . If you had n't followed the developments over the previous three weeks , you would 've thought the world had gone mad . If you did follow them -- and , if you 're a football fan , how could you not ? -- you probably felt the urge to stand in your living room and cheer right along with them . The real referees are back . The long national nightmare with replacement officials -- the unqualified rejects from the Lingerie League or Division 3 college games -- ended this week , but not before creating an odd phenomena among sports fans from coast to coast . Refs were getting the love -- from football fans , from current and former players , and even from President Obama . When the president tweeted that he wanted the real referees back on the field , it was only a matter of time before it happened -- and one more sign that there was a real appreciation for the professionals . "  It is unfortunate that the NFL , America 's game , has been reduced to what it is , " Justin Tuck , the thoughtful defensive lineman for the New York Giants , said before the lockout was settled . "  I think a lot of people are looking at it as a joke , honestly . As a fan , you pay all this money and you go PSLs and ... games are just being tossed up like as if you were throwing dice on a craps table . " The lockout of the regular referees ended on Wednesday when their union agreed to an eight-year deal with the NFL , ending a dispute that centered mostly on retirement benefits and compensation . Before it ended , there were a few lessons for NFL fans : 1 . Their collective outrage can make a difference . And the outrage was from coast to coast . It started to build during the second week of the season , when it became clear that games had more borderline penalties and less flow with the replacement officials , but it reached a crescendo during the Monday night broadcast this week . An already choppy game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Green Bay Packers came down to one final play . A Hail Mary pass from Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson heaved into the end zone that appeared to be intercepted by Packers safety M.D. Jennings . But Seahawks receiver Golden Tate grabbed it at the last second , and when the two players fell to the ground , the two referees watching looked at each other before making a ruling . One of them waved his arms to signify an interception . The other lifted his arms to signify a touchdown . And , when the refs eventually ruled that it was a touchdown  missing a blatant offensive pass interference call before the play  , a national firestorm had begun . Twitter recorded 56,000 tweets per minute during the game -- or nearly the same as Obama 's speech at the Democratic National Convention -- and most of them angry . With one play , the Seahawks had stolen a 14-12 victory and as much as $ 250 million had moved from one side of the ledger to the other because of the betting line , according to Vegas experts . John Mara , the influential co-owner of the Giants , watched the replay of the "  Fail Mary , " as it became known , on Tuesday morning and thought , "  How did this happen ? " He was n't directly involved in the negotiations between the league and the referees ' union , but he said the talks intensified . "  I felt like we were moving toward a contract even before Monday night , but I 'm not sure we would have gotten it done this week , " Mara said . "  I think the game sped up the process -- on both sides . "  For the owners , or at least from my point of view , it was the final straw because I started to see it would be very difficult for replacement refs to do their jobs the following weekend . " 2 . Even the NFL is n't immune to criticism . The NFL has enjoyed an unprecedented run as the dominant sports league in this country , and that was never in doubt even during the lockout . Ratings were still sky high for the games , and the outrage over the replacement officials was such a dominant story that it confirmed the league 's popularity more than it threatened it . The league thought there would n't be much sympathy for the referees -- they are , after all , an unpopular group . But the owners discovered that people cared too much about the sport to see it compromised -- especially the ones who are counting on a fair game when they bet on the outcome . Finally , when the lockout ended , Commissioner Roger Goodell had no choice but to apologize to the fans . "  Obviously , when you go through something like this , it is painful for everybody , " Goodell said . "  Most importantly , it is painful for our fans . We are sorry to have to put our fans through that , but it is something that in the short term you sometimes have to do to make sure you get the right kind of deal for the long-term and make sure you continue to grow the game . " 3 . Most of all : Refs are n't so bad after all . It was amazing , really . Referees , the most universally disliked group of people in America , became quite popular . Players all but begged for them to return . Fans railed against the NFL owners and Goodell for locking them out in the first place . Ed Hochuli , perhaps the most identifiable referee thanks to his impressive biceps , became a trending topic on Twitter . It was Hochuli who , in an attempt to keep he and his fellow refs fresh during the lockout , would hold conference calls every Tuesday night where they would discuss how hypothetical situations are enforced . One of those calls , of course , dealt with simultaneous possession . There likely will be some rust to shake off , but even a few mistakes wo n't change this : Finally , there seems to be a national acceptance that it takes a great deal of experience , knowledge and poise to officiate games in this complicated and brutal sport . "  The pressure on the replacement refs was becoming too much for them , and all of the missed and blown calls were messing with the integrity of the game , " Giants linebacker Michael Boley said . "  I 'm not saying the real refs will get every call right , but I think they will do a better job . Good to have them back . " Of course , nobody -- including the returning refs -- expected it to last very long . They might have gotten that standing ovation before the game , but less than three minutes into the game in Baltimore , fans booed when a call went against the hometown Ravens . Which , of course , was exactly how it should be .	NFL officials will work this weekend 's games following the lockout The refs were cheered when they returned for Thursday night 's Browns-Ravens game Replacement officials blew several calls in season 's first three weeks Fan and media outrage may have contributed to the lockout being settled
CNN  -- While tinkering in his garage , French electrician Andre Cassagnes dreamed up a drawing toy that kids could shake up and start over . Little did he know that more than 50 years later , the toy that became the Etch A Sketch would continue to delight children . Cassagnes died January 16 in a Paris suburb at age 86 , according to a statement released Saturday by The Ohio Art Company . His cause of his death was not disclosed . Cassagnes created what would become the Etch A Sketch in his garage in 1950 . The drawing toy was made up of a joystick , glass and aluminum powder . Initially dubbed the Telecran , the toy was renamed L'Ecran Magique , or ` The Magic Screen , ' and made its debut at a toy fair in Nuremberg , Germany , in 1959 . Fascinated by the invention , American Henry Winzeler , founder and president of The Ohio Art Company , licensed L'Ecran Magique for $ 25,000 and introduced it as Etch A Sketch in the United States in 1960 . Winzeler connected Cassagnes with Jerry Burger , an engineer at the company , so they could collaborate to improve the toy 's drawing capability . Among the changes made to the Etch A Sketch in 1960 was replacing the joystick with two white knobs in the left and right corners of the screen . The idea was to make the toy look like the hot new adult toy of the time : a television . It quickly became the most popular selling toy during the Christmas season that year , according to the manufacturer . Since then , the company has sold more than 150 million of them . A mainstay in popular culture The toy has remained a mainstay in popular culture thanks in part to appearances in 1995 's "  Toy Story " movie and the 1999 sequel , "  Toy Story 2 . " The toy was thrust into the political spotlight during last year during a highly publicized gaffe by Mitt Romney 's senior campaign adviser , who compared his candidate 's positions to an Etch A Sketch . "  I think you hit a reset button for the fall campaign . Everything changes , " the aide said . "  It 's almost like an Etch A Sketch . You can kind of shake it up , and we start all over again . " " The Ohio Art Company seized on the publicity , manufacturing red and blue Etch A Sketches during the campaign season . The toy 's "  magic screen " was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame in 1998 , and it was added by the Toy Industry Association to its "  Century of Toys " list in 2003 . "  I remember making works of art of the Etch A Sketch as a child , in hindsight -- realizing that they were merely poorly drawn stick figures , " said Larry Killgallon , the current president of The Ohio Art Company . "  Nonetheless , I , as well as many others , owe thanks to Mr. Cassagnes for a toy embedded in so many of my childhood memories . " Cassanges went on to become a well-known kite-maker , developing a series of ring-shaped kites to celebrate the Olympic Games . He is survived by his wife , Renee . Readers react The news of the death prompted many to go to their basements and dig out their decades-old Etch A Sketch . CNN reader Lawrence Garcia said it was a toy "  I could always get lost in . " "  I would lay there on the floor in amazement of the device and wonder what it was made of , " Garcia said . "  Remember , this was back in the day of true wonderment , and since we did n't really have a way to get instant info , we just made up whatever our minds could create . " Jane Labowitch , a 21-year-old art student in Chicago , said she has played with an Etch A Sketch since she was 4 years old . "  I love doing all kinds of art , but there is something really unique to Etch A Sketch , " she said . "  It 's one of those timeless toys that everyone seems to have some sort of nostalgic connection to . " So it was fitting that Labowitch would remember Cassagnes with an Etch A Sketch of him . "  I owe so much to this man , " she said in a submission to CNN 's iReport . "  He 's responsible for countless hours of joy and opening doors in my life that I never knew existed . " Share your favorite memories of the Etch A Sketch in the comment section below .	AndrÃ © Cassagnes came up with the drawing toy He died January 16 in a Paris suburb The Etch A Sketch made its debut at a European Toy Fair in 1959 The toy 's "  magic screen " is on the "  Century of Toys " list
CNN  -- Monday began on an optimistic note for many of the journalists who had campaigned for the release of three imprisoned Al Jazeera English journalists in Egypt . They expected that the journalists -- Peter Greste , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed -- would be freed after nearly six months behind bars . "  Make this freedom day , " Al Jazeera correspondent Sue Turton wrote on Twitter . Alex Thomson , an anchor for Britain 's Channel 4 News who 'd carried masking tape with him for months and posted dozens of Twitter photos of his mouth duct-taped in a dramatic show of solidarity with the Al Jazeera journalists , had taken a picture of a full roll of tape and written hopefully Sunday , "  Goodbye to all this ? Verdict is tomorrow . " But after the verdict was read , and the three journalists were sentenced to seven-plus years in prison , Thomson adorned the duct tape once again and posted a new photo . He captioned it , "  Depressing day for freedom of speech . " Thomson 's point of view was shared by reporters , producers and editors the world over . Staffers at the BBC planned a minute of silence Tuesday morning to demonstrate support for their counterparts at Al Jazeera . CNN called the sentencing "  unjust " and said in a statement , "  We stand alongside the journalistic community in calling for the immediate release of these journalists . " Officials in the United States , Canada , United Kingdom , Australia and other countries criticized the sentencing , and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged Egypt 's President to consider "  all available remedies , including pardons . " However , President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi said Tuesday that he would not intervene in the case , Egypt 's state-run Al-Ahram news website reported . "  I will not interfere in the verdicts of the justice system because the Egyptian judiciary is independent and proud , " the President said , speaking at a graduation ceremony at the Military Academy in Cairo . He added that "  no one should comment or speak about the state 's institutions , and we should adhere to the verdicts of the justice system even when others do n't understand it . " The Egyptian Foreign Ministry also defended itself Monday amid the international condemnation , saying it "  strongly rejects any comment from a foreign party that casts doubt on the independence of the Egyptian judiciary and the justice of its verdicts . " An editorial in Tuesday 's New York Times called the convictions "  the latest effort by the country 's military-backed rulers to crush all dissent . " The Times noted that "  the defendants are allowed to appeal the verdicts , but the process could take years . " On Tuesday morning , one of Greste 's brothers , Andrew , said he would be visiting him in prison . Peter Greste had previously worn white clothes during the trial , but now , in accordance with Egyptian standards for convicted prisoners , "  he 'll be dressed in blue , " Andrew wrote on Twitter . "  It 's going to be tough . " Turton , who was at Al Jazeera 's headquarters in Doha , Qatar , on Monday and sentenced in absentia to 10 years in an Egyptian prison , said in a televised interview that Monday 's verdicts were "  heartbreaking . " "  We really thought we could trust the Egyptian judicial system to be fair , " she said . Other Al Jazeera journalists spoke out with ferocity on Twitter and other social networking sites . Correspondent Anita McNaught reacted to the verdict by tweeting , "  Wrong . Wrong . Wrong . Mad . Wrong . Peter , Baher and Mohamed did nothing to deserve this #Egypt . " Correspondent Alan Fisher wrote , "  Every journalist in the world should be concerned about the message this sends . " James Bays , the network 's diplomatic correspondent , urged his colleagues to remember the "  sense of anger and injustice today , and campaign every day until we get them out . " That 's what Al Anstey , the managing director of Al Jazeera English , promised to do . He said in a statement Monday that the Egyptian court 's ruling "  defies logic , sense , and any semblance of justice . " Using the hashtag adopted by the network and its supporters , he wrote on Twitter , "  Thank you for your support to #freeajstaff . Keep it going . We will continue with resolve till Peter , Baher and Mohamed are free . " Lindsey Hilsum , the international editor for Channel 4 News , who was in Baghdad on Monday , posted a picture of herself there with her face gagged , like Thomson with his duct tape . "  Some say we campaign more about unjust imprisonment of journalists than others , " she wrote on Twitter . "  But if we are silenced , how will you know about the rest ? " CNN 's Ali Younes contributed to this report .	NEW : President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says he will not interfere in the case Three Al Jazeera English journalists convicted , sentenced in Egypt British news anchor says it 's a "  depressing day for freedom of speech " Al Jazeera English 's managing director says verdict "  defies logic , sense "
CNN  It is noon , and the light filters softly through the water . Guillem Valle , camera in tow , drifts to the sea floor to capture an intimate portrait of a Badjao man . In the dreamlike photograph , the Badjao extends his hand upward as though he were dancing . "  All these movements they do with their hands , " Valle said . "  They 're trying to keep themselves down  on the seafloor  , move forward or stay in place . " The Badjao are a tribe of nomadic sea dwellers who have lived off the shore of northeast Borneo for more than 200 years . They are a stateless people with no nationality in the traditional sense , residing instead in boats and living off the sea . As highly skilled divers , the Badjao are able to walk along the seafloor hunting for fish and pearls . Valle sought to photograph the Badjao as part of a larger project about stateless people that has taken him to places such as Kosovo , China , South Sudan and the Palestinian territories . "  The project is a question , " Valle said . "  Why do we need to have flags and borders ? " Valle said that in recent years , increasing amounts of Badjao are transitioning to a life on land . Their background as a stateless people , however , awards them no recognition by the Malaysian government or access to things such as health care or education . "  They do n't speak Malay or even know how old they are , " Valle said . Despite the pull toward a more modern way of living , there are still Badjao who choose life at sea . But even sea dwellers feel the effects of modernization . "  They do n't dive so much anymore , " Valle said . "  They use more modern methods  of fishing  . They sell fish to different companies and tourists , even to land Badjaos . " Valle wanted his photographs to reflect the essence of their statelessness , to create a sort of "  imaginary stateless nation . " The images are ethereal and emotional underwater portraits of the Badjao in their natural environment . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I wanted to show who they are , " he said . "  I did n't want to create some sort of anthropology catalog . I wanted to go beyond who 's who . These underwater portraits were perfect for that . " This project was the first time Valle photographed underwater . "  I had never even dived before , " he said . Underwater photography requires special equipment , like housing for the camera , and the weather conditions must be perfect . "  The sea must be calm and the water must be clean , " he said . "  You need the sun to be as high as possible . " Although the type of diving Valle did with the Badjao can be dangerous , he did it without an oxygen tank . He experienced rain and a hailstorm his first two days of shooting . Around the third day , Valle began to gain the trust of the Badjao and they , in turn , began to understand the type of image Valle wanted . "  They 're posing in all of the pictures , " Valle said . "  I told them , ' I want to show what you normally do . ' After we got the first picture , they understood what we wanted . " The soft light and the way the Badjao pose in the water reflect the "  imaginary stateless nation " Valle wanted to convey , causing the viewer to examine the relationship between place and identity . "  It 's abstract , " Valle said . "  The concept of nations has always been malleable . " Guillem Valle is a Spanish photographer . He is one of the founders of Me-Mo Magazine .	The Badjao have lived off the shore of northeast Borneo for more than 200 years Guillem Valle took underwater portraits of them as part of his project on stateless people
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Five security guards from Blackwater Worldwide have been indicted on charges related to a 2007 shooting in which 17 Iraqis were killed in a Baghdad square , two sources said Friday . An Iraqi woman looks at a blood-stained car of two women killed in the 2007 Nusoor Square shooting . A sixth security guard is in plea negotiations , the sources told CNN . The exact charges handed up by a federal grand jury were not revealed . The sources requested anonymity because the indictment remains under court seal . It is expected to be made public by Justice Department officials as early as Monday . The Justice Department had no comment on the development , and defense attorneys for the men could not be reached for reaction . The State Department , which employed Blackwater to protect U.S. diplomats and other employees , also had no comment . Blackwater said it would n't comment until there 's an official announcement . Iraqi authorities accused Blackwater guards of killing 17 civilians and wounding nearly 30 in the September 2007 shootings in Nusoor Square in western Baghdad . Blackwater said its guards were protecting a U.S. diplomatic convoy when they came under attack from armed insurgents . The guards returned fire , Blackwater said . But an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder " and accused the guards of firing on civilians indiscriminately . The first U.S. soldiers to arrive on the scene also told investigators they found no evidence the guards were fired upon , sources told CNN . The complex legal case has been dogged by difficulties and may present a major challenge to federal prosecutors . Among the potential problems is the uncertain limit of a law passed by Congress that prevents prosecution of military personnel or others working for the military and leaves open the question of those working for other U.S. government departments and agencies abroad . The incident heightened tensions between U.S. and Iraqi government officials and contributed to a protracted debate over the extent of immunity that U.S. military personnel and civilian contractors have from Iraqi laws . Security contractors have had immunity from Iraqi law under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq . But starting next year , under a U.S.-Iraq security agreement that Iraq approved Thursday , Iraq will have the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. contractors and their employees . The State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract this year over strong objections from the Iraqi government .	Sources : Five Blackwater guards charged in 2007 shooting that killed 17 Iraqis Sixth guard in plea negotiations , sources say Charges are not publicly known because indictment is under seal Charges could be made public as early as Monday
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon said Monday the shooting death of a 25-year-old man over the weekend was an accident . "  In truth that young man was my friend , like a brother , " he said of Michael Esteban Castillo . "  It was n't a thing like we began arguing and I started shooting . It was some accident ; it happened by accident , " Simon said , speaking at the police station where he turned himself in . "  That 's why I came here -- to open my soul , " he said . Simon surrendered to Dominican National Police early Monday morning to face murder charges . Simon is also accused of wounding Castillo 's 17-year-old brother , Starlin . The injuries to the brother are not life-threatening , police said . Simon 's attorney said the major league baseball player had fired his gun into the air . Puerto Plata District Attorney Victor Mieses said Monday that he will seek three months of incarceration against Simon and widen the investigation . Puerto Plata Assistant District Attorney Juan Carlos Hernandez , who is handling the case , said of Simon , "  So far he 's the one . There 's no doubt about the incident . " Hernandez added that it 's "  normal " to seek temporary incarceration when there 's a shooting death . Police spokesman Maximo Baez said Simon turned in his gun as part of the investigation into the shooting in the Los Salados section of the town of Luperon , in the province of Puerto Plata , early Saturday . Simon was accompanied by his attorney , Carlos Olivares , and by fellow Oriole Julio Lugo , Baez said . "  The projectile 's trajectory was only up into the air , so much so that he left , " Olivares said of his client . "  He understood that nothing had happened at the moment . And 45 minutes later , when he was eating at a some restaurant or discotheque , somebody tells him , ` Hey , you 're the one who killed so-and-so . ' " Lugo said , "  We 're concerned about his career or whether he 's going to have to go to jail . We do n't know if it was him . He wants to clear up what happened , but no one really knows if it was him for sure . " Simon was scheduled to appear at the courthouse in Puerto Plata for arraignment Monday , Baez said . Simon , 29 , hails from Santiago . He joined the Orioles in 2008 . The Baltimore Orioles declined comment . Journalists Jorge Pineda and Diulka Perez contributed to this report .	Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon suspected in fatal shooting The incident occurred early Saturday in Simon 's native Dominican Republic Authorities are investigating
CNN  -- A French-Moroccan family of five was killed Saturday when their plane crashed near the French Alps , authorities said . It was not immediately clear why the twin-engine plane went down . Everyone aboard died -- a man , his wife and their three children -- Virginie Favier , a local police captain , told reporters . The family had been returning to Morocco after spending their holiday in the French Alps , she said . Gilles Rabault , another police captain , told reporters that the plane disappeared off the radar and crashed shortly after takeoff from an airport near the southeastern city of Grenoble . Emergency workers responded after a resident reported the crash . "  We felt a big shake . The crash happened just below my house . At the beginning , I did not know what it was . We found out after firemen came that it was a plane crash . We did not see the wreckage , " a witness , identified only as Leo , told CNN affiliate M6 .	Everyone aboard died ; a man , his wife and their three children French-Moroccan family was flying to Morocco after holiday Cause not immediately clear
CNN  -- An official national day of mourning in South Africa on Thursday , called by President Jacob Zuma to memorialize the lives of dozens of miners mowed down in a police fusillade one week ago , turned into an opportunity by his critics to call for his ouster . While government leaders urged restraint , and religious figures prayed for redemption , the embattled president 's opponents exploited an opening created by the tragedy to portray his government -- and trade unions allied with Zuma -- as pawns of foreign , white owners . These attacks , lodged in several cases by former allies , threatened to reset the terms of labor organizing , radicalize the tone of political debate , and heighten the chances that the president will be ousted by his own political party at the African National Congress '  ANC  national conference next December . What began as a localized labor dispute , in other words , morphed in the wake of memorial services for the dead , into a volatile , ongoing national crisis . The catastrophe at Marikana placed a harsh spotlight both upon what has changed in South African life since the ANC was voted into power 18 years ago -- in the unprecedented response of the head of state to the crisis -- and also what has remained painfully unchanged . Generations of relatively low-paid black men are still forced to migrate long distances from home in order to take up the most difficult and dangerous kinds of jobs . Miners are still drawn into mining towns where a kind of frontier spirit prevails . Injuries are common and unforgiving , and the salaries earned by a single worker often support up to 20 family members who are unemployed , according to the federation of trade unions . Increasingly , the working poor have begun turning against traditional unions , like the National Union of Mineworkers , which is allied with the national federation , COSATU , in turn part of the ANC coalition . Little wonder , under these circumstances , that Zuma 's studied and measured approach to the crisis has inspired so little confidence among the strikers themselves . The strength of anti-ANC agitation in Marikana will keep labor and party leaders up at night because they know their history : Back in the 1980s , massive strikes by miners helped fuel a mass insurrection that led to the end of apartheid . After the mine shootings , the cause of widespread shock and dismay was readily apparent , and the raw feelings were steadily reinforced around the clock by video taken from the scene . The stunning images of the shootings , captured from different angles by various outlets , kept public outrage alive . The video showed the final minutes of a standoff between police and strikers , which ended in the fusillade that ended the lives of 34 protestors and seriously wounded 78 others . What 's behind the Marikana massacre ? They were protesters at Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine , located 60 miles  about 100 km  northwest of Johannesburg , and the shooting constituted the worst mass killing by police since apartheid ended . In the days after the tragedy , police spokesmen insisted that officers were forced by a charging mass of strikers to fire in order to defend themselves . It was difficult to view the footage without wondering why police had launched teargas at strikers on the hilltop where they had assembled , forcing them to scatter in a funnel in the direction of officers gathered below the hill when their weapons were loaded with live ammunition and set for automatic fire . The impact of the footage , played in regular loops on local television broadcasts , made it difficult for Zuma to assert his authority . He quickly returned from a trip in neighboring Mozambique to visit Marikana twice in a matter of days , dispatched nine of his ministers to assist survivors and their families with burials among other actions and swiftly appointed a Judicial Commission of Inquiry to thoroughly examine the causes and lessons of the tragedy . "  We are in control of the situation , " he said . Even as the president made pains to express a sense of grief and dismay , and call for calm , however , his opponents sharpened their attacks on him as a leader out of touch with workers and the poor , the key constituency in his rise to power five years ago . At worship services near the site of the police shootings on Thursday , the ceremony began with a plea from Archbishop Thabo Makgoba for no one to use the tragedy for narrow political interests . By the end of the service , Cabinet ministers had been forced to flee the venue , while speakers called on the president to resign . Julius Malema , former leader of the ANC 's youth wing and a former Zuma ally , took the podium to pin responsibility for the catastrophe on the president . "  This massacre was committed under his supervision , " Malema insisted . He slammed the ANC , from which he was expelled earlier in the year , and pressed the case for nationalization of South Africa 's mines . The stakes in the unfolding national debate about who was responsible for the tragedy , and who should pay the price , could not be higher , not just for the president 's political survival but for South Africa 's economic health and stability as well . Platinum is the new gold in a country where mining provides 20 percent of GDP . Though South Africa has the world 's largest reserves of this precious and rare metal , which is used in everything from catalytic converters and electrodes to jewelry , it is found in deep shafts that are difficult , dangerous and costly to operate . Against this backdrop , government officials sought to reassure workers that they would maintain their party 's historic "  bias towards the poor , " while not scaring off international investors wary of an industry prone to wildcat strikes . The strikers at Lonmin Marikana mine were rock drill operators who had broken away from the National Union of Mineworkers in favor of a more militant independent union , and wildcats strikes across the industry are increasingly common . A spokesman for the Chamber of Mines was at pains to point out that 95 % of mines in the country were operating normally yesterday . In the recent past , national leaders paid a price for crossing labor . In 2008 , the ANC instructed President Thabo Mbeki to resign his office , largely as a result of organizing on behalf of Zuma , who was backed by the labor federation as a "  son of the soil " who promised to close the gap between the government and its people . If party leaders conclude , in the wake of the Marikana mass killing , that only a change at the top can convince ANC 's core constituencies that the party of liberation -- now the party of government -- still represents the interests of workers and the poor , Zuma will be shown the door . That is the way the wheel turns in a country where the advent of political liberation has not yet produced greater equality or material freedom . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Foster .	Police shootings at mine test Zuma , governing ANC political party 18 years after apartheid , not much has changed economically for migrants Increasingly , working poor are turning against traditional ANC-allied unions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- More than $ 800,000 in cash , 30 firearms and fake IDs were found at the Santa Monica , California , apartment of fugitive mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger , who will be taken to Boston to face a string of charges , including multiple murders , the FBI said Thursday . Sporting glasses and a white beard , Bulger appeared relaxed Thursday at a Los Angeles hearing . He did not seek bond , according to a spokesman for federal prosecutors . It was not clear when the longtime fugitive will be transported . The FBI indicated the move may occur Friday . Bulger 's girlfriend also was arrested . U.S. Magistrate Judge John E. McDermott asked Bulger if he was aware of the two existing indictments against him . "  I know them . I know them all . Thank you , " he politely answered . Bulger , a Boston mobster on the lam for 16 years , "  appeared to be a guy who was healthy , vibrant and knew what was going on , " said assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Dugdale . Bulger , 81 , faces multiple charges related to alleged criminal enterprises that spanned two decades . He currently has a federal public defender . Bulger , subject of a $ 2 million FBI reward , has been living in a Santa Monica apartment and was arrested outside it , the FBI said Thursday . He is charged with 19 counts of murder and a slew of other crimes . Acting on a tip , members of the Fugitive Task Force staked out the residence Wednesday and arrested Bulger and Catherine Elizabeth Greig , 60 , who was inside the home , said FBI Special Agent Richard DesLauriers . Greig is suspected of harboring Bulger . Neither put up a fight , authorities said . After the arrests , members of the Fugitive Task Force , which included the FBI and police , searched the apartment . Besides the cash and false pieces of identification , agents found 30 firearms , including pistols , rifles and shotguns and several knives , said Steven Martinez , FBI assistant director in charge in Los Angeles . The tipster called the FBI 's Los Angeles office on Tuesday , and the information led authorities to the apartment , Martinez said . He would not divulge the city from which the call came . "  We were not aware he was in L.A. , " Martinez said of Bulger . Asked by reporters if it was embarrassing to the FBI that Bulger , who reportedly used an alias , and Greig were hiding in plain sight , Martinez said , "  I would n't say embarrassing . I would say challenging . "  It 's not the first time that a fugitive has evaded justice for many years , " Martinez continued . "  But he was not able to be successful ultimately . " Martinez described Bulger and Greig 's apartment as close to the beach . The apartment is near Santa Monica 's shopping and tourist strip , an open-air corridor called the Third Street Promenade . CNN Boston affiliate WCVB said it obtained booking photos of the pair . In one photo , Bulger is smiling . Federal prosecutors have portrayed Bulger as a violent and dangerous man whose criminal enterprise included gambling , extortion , loansharking , narcotics and the alleged murders of people who got in the way or knew too much . Tipped off by an FBI agent about an impending racketeering indictment , Bulger disappeared into wanted posters and lore . The search even reached Italy , where a reported sighting of the South Boston crime figure did n't pan out . The end of the manhunt for one of the nation 's most notorious gangsters came within days of the FBI launching a publicity campaign , airing ads about Greig in 14 markets across the country where the couple were known to have ties , authorities said . The arrests were a "  direct result " of the media campaign , authorities said . The tip came in about 8 p.m. PT Tuesday  11 p.m. ET  , DesLauriers said . Less than 24 hours later , Bulger -- one of the FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted fugitives and the inspiration for the 2006 Martin Scorsese film "  The Departed " -- was in custody . "  At approximately 5:45 Pacific Standard Time  8:45 p.m. ET Wednesday  , using a ruse , agents and other task force members lured Mr. Bulger out of his apartment , " DesLauriers said . Authorities did not detail what the ruse was . The agents determined Bulger 's identity and arrested him "  without incident , " then went in the house and arrested Greig , DesLauriers said . In addition to the murder counts , Bulger is charged with conspiracy to commit murder , extortion , narcotics distribution and money-laundering charges , the FBI said . He was an FBI informant before he fled in 1995 . Some of the allegations go back 40 years , and it was unclear Thursday how many potential trial witnesses survive . Carmen Ortiz , U.S. attorney for the District of Massachusetts , said she believes the death penalty is not an option in the federal charges Bulger faces in her district , but that she believes he could face the death penalty for two cases outside the district . The arrest "  marks a milestone in an investigation of drug trafficking , murder and corruption by Bulger and his cohorts , " said Michael Ferguson , assistant special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Agency 's Boston field office , standing alongside DesLauriers and other officials at a news conference . FBI Director Robert Mueller traveled to Boston on Thursday to meet and congratulate staff involved in Bulger 's capture . Mueller was an assistant U.S. attorney in Boston in the 1980s , during the height of Bulger 's reign . Bulger -- known to alter his appearance through disguises -- was "  considered armed and extremely dangerous , " according to his description on the FBI 's Most Wanted list . "  He has a violent temper and is known to carry a knife at all times . " "  He 's definitely a legend back there , " Jimmy LeBlanc , who lives in California and used to live in Boston , told CNN affiliate KABC-TV . "  You 've heard all the stories , things he 's done , corruption and all that . A lot of people said , ` Oh he 's dead , ' or maybe they do n't want to see him get caught . He might take down the whole FBI if he starts talking . " Sandra Patient of Manchester , New Hampshire , said she was elated and relieved to learn that the man accused of killing her uncle , Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett , was in custody . Patient said Barrett was killed after he robbed a bank and Bulger was n't happy with the amount he was given . "  Does he sleep at night ? " Patient asked CNN New Hampshire affiliate , referring to Bulger . On Tuesday , the FBI began airing a 30-second public service announcement , buying about 350 spots in 14 U.S. cities . The ad focused on Greig and targeted female viewers around the same age . It described her as loving dogs and other animals and frequenting beauty salons . It said she had worked as a dental hygienist and has had multiple plastic surgeries . An "  avid reader with an interest in history , " Bulger was known to frequent libraries and historic sites , the FBI said . The agent who tipped Bulger about an impending indictment , John Connolly , was sentenced to 10 years in prison for racketeering and obstruction of justice . Connolly was later also sentenced to 40 years in prison for a mob-related killing of a witness who was about to testify against Boston mob members . Prosecutors said Connolly was corrupted by his two highest-ranking snitches : Bulger and Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . Bulger 's brother William , former president of the Massachusetts State Senate , had no comment Thursday morning when a Boston Globe reporter approached him at his South Boston home . William Bulger stepped down as president of the University of Massachusetts in 2003 after months of pressure by then-Gov . Mitt Romney . He had accused Bulger of being evasive during congressional testimony about his fugitive brother 's whereabouts . CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer , Michael Martinez , Carol Cratty , Paul Vercammen , Josh Levs and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	More than $ 800,000 found at residence , source says James "  Whitey " Bulger does not seek bond Magistrate orders Bulger be sent to Boston Authorities found firearms , cash in apartment where Bulger was arrested , a source says
CNN  Most road rage incidents do n't amount to much . Some shouting . A few harsh words . A rude gesture or two . Everyone gets it out of their system and life goes on . But sometimes it takes a tragic turn . Last week in Las Vegas , a mother of four was killed in an apparent road rage case . Police say Tammy Meyers died of a gunshot wound to the head after a suspect followed her home and opened fire . Meyers and the man argued over a traffic incident earlier in the day . A study published in the International Journal of Psychiatry in Medicine in 2010 concluded that one-third of the people it surveyed reported road rage . A 2013 Washington Post poll said the number of drivers who say they feel "  uncontrollable anger toward another driver " has doubled from eight years earlier . The number is 12 % , or more than 1 in every 10 drivers on the road . A couple of things appear to be making matters worse , much worse : cameras and guns . In this age of social media , it seems natural to document everything in our lives . But experts say snapping a photo or video of the person you feel has wronged you on the road does n't help matters . Back off from aggressive drivers If you get cut off , back off , take a deep breath , and remain calm . Now you 're read for what comes next . If you need to vent , wait to you get home , then talk to a friend . Know your driving style If you 're an aggressive driver , you might be the problem . Are you provoking other drivers ? These are the habits of aggressive drivers : Tailgating Overuse of the horn Flashing headlights Changing lanes quickly , often and without signaling Guesturing to other drivers Talking or texting on your cellphone -- from DMV.org In a video posted this month to YouTube , a man in Austin , Texas , is seen cursing at a woman and spitting on her windshield after she photographs his license plate . The man was charged with reckless driving and later apologized for his behavior . Last month , a mother in North Carolina began to videotape another driver she said was acting aggressively . "  This person in front of me is being a real ... character right now , " she says on the video . Moment later , the driver is seen lashing out , banging on the woman 's car window : "  You stupid  expletive  . " "  You 're taking the chance of shooting footage of someone who 's enraged and could that further enrage them ? It 's hard to say ... but you 're taking a risk , " said Jeffrey Spring of the AAA of Southern California . "  The most important thing ... is to get out of the situation , " he said . "  You do n't want to escalate it to that point where there 's someone so enraged where they 're not thinking about what they are doing . " With guns just slightly less ubiquitous than cameras these days , drivers face a second far greater risk in road rage incidents . In 2013 , David Kollar was driving on Interstate 75 near Lexington , Kentucky , when he noticed a man driving recklessly in and out of the emergency lane . He pulled out his phone and started shooting video . First , he tried to get the license plate number , then Kollar pulled alongside to get a shot of the driver . That 's when the man driving the car rolled down his window and appeared to fire a shot . No one got hurt , but lesson learned . "  I was scared , " he said . "  It was a little crazy . " Late last year , a family in Atlanta narrowly escaped after a driver opened fire , after a roadway altercation . The gunman followed them to a strip mall and started shooting . The family dog jumped in , taking a bullet for the family . "  They were fired upon and their family was terrorized , " Atlanta police Sgt.Gregory Lyon told CNN affiliate WXIA . "  They survived that only to find that their pet is now gone . " So what can be done about it ? Last year , AutoVantage came out with a road rage survey . It found that drivers in Houston , Atlanta and Baltimore are the least courteous . Portland , Pittsburgh and St. Louis are at the most . DMV.org offers some suggestions on how to handle road rage . Back off from aggressive drivers : You ca n't control them so give them some room to operate . Know your own driving style : Maybe you 're the bad guy or gal . Maybe you 're provoking the drivers around you . And here 's another thing to think about . You never know who 's behind the wheel of the other car . They might just be having a bad day or maybe have some serious problems . Or you could find yourself in a situation like the one portrayed in a Georgia public service announcement featuring Evander Holyfield . An angry man , who calls out a driver who cut him off , finds himself face-to-face with the menacing former heavyweight champ . The punchline ? "  Avoid road rage . You never know who you might run into . "	A Washington Post poll says road rage is increasing Road rage advice : Take a deep breath
CNN  -- World rugby champions South Africa held off spirited second-half fightback from New Zealand to win 32-29 and clinch their first Tri-Nations crown in five years on Saturday . Jean De Villiers , Victor Matfield and Bismarck Du Plessis celebrate winning the Tri-Nations with their supporters . The Springboks had to overcome an early setback at the Waikato Stadium in Hamilton as Dan Carter kicked the All Blacks in front after South Africa were penalized in gathering the kick-off . But Francois Steyn stepped up to plate for South Africa and he kicked over penalties from 60 and 58 meters to give the Springboks an advantage they would retain for the remainder of the game . South Africa stretched their lead when winger Bryan Habana barged opposite number Joe Rokocoko out of the way going for a high ball , and Fourie du Preez was on hand to run over the try . Morne Steyn , who took the closer kicks , landed the conversion and Peter de Villiers ' side were firmly in command at 16-6 . Additional penalties from Carter and both Steyns completed the first-half scoring with the All Blacks guilty of missing at least two try-scoring chances when star flyhalf Carter and then center Stephen Donald surrendered possession attempting to kick through the posts . Indeed it was Carter who made a crucial error as South Africa raced into a 29-12 lead when his attempted pass to Isaia Toeava was collected by Jean de Villiers , who sprinted away to score unopposed and Morne Steyn was able to convert . The All Blacks rallied as winger Sitiveni Sivivatu ran over for their first try and Carter successfully kicked the conversion and a penalty to cut the margin to seven points , but Morne Steyn kept the Springboks ahead with a second penalty . Captain Richie McCaw was able to touch down for New Zealand in the dying stages but the scoreline flattered the All Blacks , who were largely outplayed in the match . The win gave the Springboks their third Tri-Nations title and also saw them record three consecutive Test victories over the defending champions for the first time since 1976 . It also meant that the final match of the tournament between bottom side Australia and their trans-Tasman rivals New Zealand next weekend in Wellington will be largely played for pride .	South Africa defeated New Zealand 32-29 to win the Tri-Nations rugby series Francois Steyn and namesake Morne kicked 22 points for the Springboks Fourie du Preez and Jean de Villiers ran over a try apiece for South Africa The win gave South Africa their first Tri-Nations series victory since 2004
CNN  -- As American and Iranian negotiators prepare to implement their historic interim nuclear deal , a handful of hawkish lawmakers are on the cusp of destroying the last remaining pathway to peace . This month , Sens. Robert Menendez , Charles Schumer and Mark Kirk introduced ill-timed legislation -- the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013 -- that would implement new Iran sanctions in clear violation of the recently brokered Geneva agreement . Calling such actions in Washington "  a major setback , " Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif used the opportunity to send a clear message to his Western audience : "  It shows a lack of understanding of how to proceed in order to resolve the nuclear issue . Some people are wedded to the idea that pressure will produce results . They are wrong . Pressure has produced 18,000 centrifuges in Iran . So if they want to continue that road -- it is open to them , but it does n't produce any results . " Zarif has a point . The problem with new sanctions legislation goes beyond the fact that it will kill the diplomatic process . Perhaps more important , this destructive behavior does the opposite of what we really should be doing : empowering those in Iran who want to unclench their fist and meet the extended hand of the United States . Supporters of sanctions legislation in Congress say their actions do not violate the Geneva deal . Instead , they are needed to retain the infrastructure of sanctions , because it was the sanctions that created this opening for diplomacy in the first place . This is a deep misread of how we got here and a very effective way of making sure this opportunity is lost . In a new report , "  Extending Hands and Unclenching Fists "  PDF  -- which relies on in-depth interviews with senior Iranian political officials , intellectuals and members of business community -- the National Iranian American Council shows that absent evidence , it is difficult to argue that Iran 's shift to more moderate policies was a result of external sanctions . It is more plausible that this shift reflected the continued desire of the Iranian people to put an end to the mismanagement and failed policies that had endured under the Ahmadinejad government . The Iranian people had pushed for the same shift in 2009 , before the imposition of "  crippling sanctions , " but the hardliners resorted to fraud and repression to prevent their votes from being counted . In 2013 , circumstances on the ground in Iran bubbled over : Seventy-three percent voter turnout propelled Hassan Rouhani to a landslide first-round presidential victory at the polls with 50.7 % of the vote . Precisely because the wounds of 2009 were still open , divisions within the political elite remained unsettled , and the intense internal rifts suggested that the system simply could not survive the delegitimizing effects of another election scandal . These internal dynamics are a far more powerful -- and far less understood -- dynamic than any sanctions imposed from abroad . The same analysis that incorrectly predicted victory by hardliner and former chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili at the polls subsequently attributed Rouhani 's victory to sanctions despite no concrete evidence in support of that assertion . On the contrary , a poll conducted by Tehran University and the University of Maryland  PDF  immediately after the election revealed that only 2 % of Rouhani 's supporters listed the lifting of sanctions as a reason for supporting him . Twice as many -- 4 % -- voted for him because he was a clergyman . Seven percent cited his ability to fix the economy . The poll also revealed that a key factor behind Rouhani 's election was strategic voting by supporters of his rival , Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf . Since most voters expected the election to go to a runoff , many saw voting for their preferred candidate in the first round as a waste if they expected their top choice to be a shoo-in for the runoff . Thus , some voters cast their ballots for their second choice in the first round to secure a runoff between two of their most preferred candidates . According to the poll , 24 % of Rouhani voters preferred Ghalibaf but were certain he would make it to the runoff and instead voted for Rouhani to ensure a runoff between these two candidates . Thanks in part to this miscalculation , Rouhani managed to reach just above the 50 % threshold and evade a runoff . A more recent poll by Zogby Research Services  PDF  conducted 1,200 face-to-face interviews in Iran , and the results were equally telling . A whopping 96 % said that maintaining the right to advance their nuclear program is worth the price being paid in economic sanctions and international isolation . In contrast , a paltry 7 % prioritized resolving the standoff over Iran 's nuclear program so that economic sanctions can be lifted . Perhaps more important , the Zogby poll makes clear what intellectually honest Iran observers have long asserted : All top-tier priorities listed by Iranian respondents were political or governmental reform issues , such as employment , advancing democracy , protecting personal and civil rights , increasing women 's rights and ending corruption . Iranian voters know better than anyone that Rouhani 's victory at the polls is fragile . Boxing in their hardliners is not the same as eliminating them . What the outside world -- particularly the West -- does or does not do can help determine whether the win-win approach of Rouhani and Zarif will define Iran or whether it will once again be relegated to the sidelines . Thanks to the elections , not sanctions , the win-win narrative of the Iranian moderates is now dominant . But it wo n't be for long if their corresponding policies do not prove successful . Simply put : Proponents of sanctions can deal with the flexibility of Rouhani 's team now , or they can deal with the inflexibility of Iranian hardliners in six months . Knowing this , their choices in the days and weeks ahead will be telling . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reza Marashi and Trita Parsi .	Reza Marashi and Trita Parsi say the U.S. is misinterpreting the results of Iranian election They write that threatening more sanctions is the wrong way to go Continuing down this road will make sure this opportunity is lost , they say
CNN  -- A North Dakota newspaper has reversed its policy against publishing same-sex wedding announcements after rejecting a couple 's ad last week , stirring controversy in the community and beyond . The Forum of Fargo-Moorehead will accept for publication announcements of same-sex marriages , engagements and anniversaries if the marriage takes place in a state or country where it 's legally recognized , editor Matt Von Pinnon announced over the weekend . The newspaper will not publish announcements for non-legally recognized marriages , such as civil unions and commitment ceremonies , he said . "  We inform the public , plain and simple , " he said . "  We report on many , many things that we neither endorse nor condemn . That 's the nature of news . Some people would like us to deny that gay marriage is legally recognized in several states and countries . To not recognize that fact is to deny or distort the truth , something we 're not willing to do . "  We bring readers marriage announcements , engagement announcements and anniversary announcements because it informs them of what people around them are doing . We tried to set a reasonable standard for what constitutes news in this arena , and we think a legally recognized marriage fits that bill . " The old policy drew attention after the newspaper refused to publish an announcement from Fargo residents Allison Johnson , 31 , and her fiancee , 27-year-old Kelsey Smith . Johnson received an e-mail from the "  celebrations editor " on July 23 and shared it with friends . One of those friends , iReporter Gia Rassier , posted a screen shot of the e-mail on Twitter , CNN iReport and Facebook , where it "  spread like wildfire , " Rassier said . The uproar prompted a review of the policy , said Von Pinnon , who met with the couple July 24 . Amid the controversy , Johnson and Smith said they received messages of support from as far as Europe and Australia . The development comes just in time for their wedding on Wednesday in New York , where same-sex marriage is legal . The couple , who have been together since 2008 , said their ad would run in the Forum on Sunday . "  We are very proud of our community and everyone who supported us and this cause ! They are the reason for the policy change . They made their voices heard and change occurred because of it , " Johnson said Monday after landing in New York . The paper heard from more than 600 people in the Fargo area and elsewhere , who appeared "  equally divided " over the issue , Von Pinnon said in his column . The old policy stemmed from the marriage laws of both North Dakota and neighboring Minnesota , both of which do not recognize same-sex marriages legally performed in other states . "  We are thrilled with the Forum 's decision to reform their policy , " Johnson said . "  While it is a great step in the right direction we know there is still so much more to be done for true equality to be reached . "	Editor : Fargo Forum will publish notices of legally recognized same-sex marriages Change comes after Fargo couple criticized paper for rejecting their ad Their ad will run in the Forum after the couple marries in New York , couple says "  We are very proud of our community and everyone who supported us , " couple says
CNN  -- On August 24 , a jury of nine in a California federal court handed down a ruling that sent shockwaves through the global wireless phone industry . Samsung , the world 's largest phone maker , was found guilty of infringing on key Apple hardware design and software elements . Samsung got Apple 's attention because of its size , but every Android device manufacturer now needs to consider potential exposure areas that could put them in the crosshairs as Apple tries to slow Android growth . The appeals game will surely play out over the next many months . In the meantime , consumers will feel the pain as devices potentially get more expensive and software changes begin to creep into their Android smartphones . If appeals rulings uphold the initial verdict , the mobile ecosystem as we know it will look very different in one to two years . This would be driven by fundamental changes in the look and feel of non-Apple phone hardware , changes to the Android mobile operating system and potentially the emergence of a third popular mobile operating system . Smartphone market changes coming Android phones account for 56 % of the U.S. smartphone market . Friday 's ruling was very sobering for the Android device manufacturers that have driven this growth . Until recently , smartphone design patent ownership seemed like a gray area . The court has now made it clear that , in fact , it is very black and white . All phone manufacturers will need to be a lot more careful from here on out when it comes to design , and patents they want to avoid , license or partner on . This could result in phones being more expensive for consumers . Over the next year , consumers lose in this equation . Android phone makers will be scrambling to develop temporary workarounds to steer clear of any potentially infringing Apple patents . The time spent working on these fixes will reduce time spent on development of new , innovative features . In the case of Samsung , it is likely the only device manufacturer with the resources and scale to develop and implement fixes rapidly , mitigating the immediate impact on consumers . If there are other phone makers in Apple 's sights , they will be taking advantage of a much-needed head start to begin developing workarounds now to avoid a lawsuit . Sure , Android consumers could always turn to Apple , but some are turned off by the company 's one phone per year release schedule and continued hesitancy to incorporate the latest mobile advances such as 4G and larger screens . Consumers who want to stay in the open and highly-customizable Android ecosystem could experience some temporary frustration . Creating the next iconic device This ruling could prove to be the catalyst for major industry change . Smartphone product roadmaps are all but decided for the next year . Beyond that , every device manufacturer will be thinking outside of the "  rectangular slab form-factor " box in an attempt to create the next big consumer trend . This will be easier said than done given that consumers have become accustomed to the current crop of devices . Device manufacturers know that consumers ca n't tell them what they want , they can only tell them what they do n't want . This will result in phone makers traveling into unchartered territory in the hopes of capturing consumer attention and emotion . Choice will likely also come in the way of new mobile operating system platforms . It is no coincidence that Microsoft and Nokia 's stock opened higher the day after the ruling . Apple stated during the trial that these companies have proven that it is possible to innovate in the smartphone market without copying Apple . Of course , Apple does have patent and design agreements with Microsoft and both companies have a mutual interest in slowing Android growth . As wireless carriers and device manufacturers seek to diversify their product lineup in the wake of the ruling , Microsoft might finally have its day in mobile . It is very likely that we 'll eventually see a three horse mobile operating system race among Apple , Android and Microsoft . Short term is not pretty , but long term looks good The short-term might not be pretty , but long-term , the industry is poised to break free from the homogenous rounded rectangular slabs with grid-based apps we 're all familiar with today . This ruling will encourage accelerated innovation from device manufacturers , which will move beyond the constraints of a single form factor . Ultimately , the consumer will choose what designs will win and which implementation of hardware and software integration is most elegant . Today 's constraints will define how the industry will innovate tomorrow . It might be a tough road , but there are promising days ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jefferson Wang .	In the short term , the California verdict could raise smartphone prices and development time Android phone makers will scramble to steer clear of potential patent infringements Manufacturers will be thinking outside of the "  rectangular slab form-factor " box As manufacturers diversify , Microsoft might finally have its day in the mobile sun
CNN  -- Commercial airlines that usually cross eastern Ukraine on their flights to Europe , Asia and elsewhere are detouring away from the volatile region in light of Thursday 's suspicious crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday that U.S. airlines had voluntarily agreed not to operate in airspace near the Russian-Ukraine border . Later , the FAA issued a notice prohibiting U.S. flight operations in the airspace over eastern Ukraine until further notice . The restricted area includes the Dnepropetrovsk and Simferopol Flight Information Regions . The European Aviation Safety Agency and intergovernmental aviation organization Eurocontrol also warned against flying in these areas . Ukrainian authorities have closed many of the routes in eastern Ukraine , according to Eurocontrol , which counts Ukraine among its 40 member states . Live blog : Loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 The United States has concluded the Malaysian airliner was shot down , a senior U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday blamed "  terrorists " for the downing . The flight was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . Tensions have been high between Ukraine and Russia since street protests forced former pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February . Russia subsequently annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , and a pro-Russian separatist rebellion has been raging in Ukraine 's eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions . In April , U.S. airlines were prohibited by the FAA from flying in airspace surrounding Crimea , but Thursday 's crash site was not within what was considered restricted area . The International Civil Aviation Organization and European Aviation Safety Agency also issued warnings in the spring against flying in the same area , the Simferopol Flight Information Region . The crash occurred outside the warning area near the town of Torez in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk region . "  What I ca n't understand is why civilian airliners were flying over this area , which is just a huge error on their part , " said Bob Baer , a CNN national security analyst and former CIA agent . Most airlines follow the guidelines and rules set by their national civil aviation authorities and fly the most direct route from their departure to their arrival city , said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation . The FAA and other national civil aviation authorities had n't yet defined the area where the aircraft got shot down as part of the conflict zone in Ukraine , Schiavo said . "  It was n't this particular area , " she said . "  They had n't defined it as a stay-away area " even though there was violence in the region . "  No airline will risk the safety of their passengers , crew and aircraft for the sake of fuel savings , " said Tony Tyler , head of the industry group International Air Transport Association , in a statement . "  Airlines depend on governments and air traffic control authorities to advise which airspace is available for flight , and they plan within those limits . " Many travelers are likely to avoid the major air route between Europe and Southeast Asia , Schiavo said . "  People simply will just avoid that route . I certainly would n't fly that route right now . " In light of the crash , airlines around the world are rerouting flights . "  We 're taking a wide detour around eastern Ukraine , " said Lufthansa spokesman Nils Haupt . That detour will be in effect at least through Friday , he said . Lufthansa had four scheduled flights Thursday that would usually cross over eastern Ukraine . "  We are closely watching the situation " to decide flight plans beyond the next couple days , he said . "  It 's a precautionary measure to protect the safety of our passengers . " Did surface-to-air missile take down MH17 ? Lufthansa said it is n't making any changes to its two daily flights going from Frankfurt , Germany , to Kiev , Ukraine , or its one daily flight from Munich , Germany to Odessa , Ukraine , because they do n't cross over that airspace . With only once-a-day service between London 's Heathrow Airport and Kiev , British Airways does n't have any flights in the area of the crash site , according to a representative . "  We are keeping those  Kiev  services under review , but Kiev is several hundred kilometers from the incident site . " A Kiev-bound Emirates flight turned around on Thursday and returned to Dubai "  due to the safety concerns raised with the latest reports on Malaysian flight MH17 , " and suspended all flights to Kiev immediately until further notice , according to a company statement . Other Emirates flights to and from the United States and Europe fly a route outside the area where the crash occurred , the company said . With the exception of flights to Kiev , Air France is no longer flying over Ukraine , the airline said . Air France suspended flights over the area surrounding Crimea in April . American carriers including Delta Air Lines are also avoiding the region . "  Out of an abundance of caution , Delta is not routing flights through Ukrainian airspace and is monitoring the situation involving Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , " the airline said in a statement . Fast facts : Commercial airline crashes Place tragedy escalates Ukraine conflict CNN 's Ashley Fantz , John Newsome , Mike Ahlers and Barry Neild contributed to this report .	The FAA prohibits U.S. flight operations over eastern Ukraine Airlines are diverting flights around the area Tensions in the region prompted some airspace restrictions earlier this year Crash site was not within airspace prohibited by U.S. regulators
Washington  CNN  -- Alexander Haig , who managed the Nixon administration during the Watergate crisis and served a controversial stint as secretary of state under President Reagan , died on Saturday . He was 85 . Haig died at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland , after he was admitted there on January 28 , spokesman Gary Stephenson said . "  He served his country well . For that he should be remembered , " said William Bennett , who was secretary of education during the Reagan administration . "  He carried himself well . He carried himself with dignity and honor . " The White House issued a statement mourning Haig , saying he "  exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service . " A top official in the administrations of three presidents -- Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan -- Haig served as Nixon 's chief of staff during the Watergate political crisis , a scandal that dogged the administration in the 1970s . "  There was a time during the Watergate crisis when President Nixon was nearly incapacitated , " said political analyst and CNN contributor David Gergen , who worked with Haig during the Nixon and Reagan administrations . "  He had a hard time focusing , so obviously obsessed with the scandal and the gathering storms around him . I watched Al Haig keep the government moving . I thought it was a great act of statesmanship and service to the country . " Haig became secretary of state during the Reagan administration and drew controversy for his much-criticized remark on television after the president was shot and wounded by John Hinckley in March 1981 . "  As of now , I am in control here in the White House , " Haig said as Vice President George H.W. Bush was headed to Washington from Texas . Haig said he was n't bypassing the rules ; he was just trying to manage the crisis until the vice president arrived . However , he was highly criticized for his behavior , and many observers believe it doomed his political ambitions . Born December 2 , 1924 , in Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Philadelphia , Alexander Meigs Haig Jr. was raised by his mother after he lost his father at age 10 . He attended the University of Notre Dame for two years before transferring to the U.S. Military Academy in 1944 . After his graduation in 1947 , he served in Japan and later served on Gen. Douglas MacArthur 's staff in Japan during the Korean War . He also served in Vietnam , where he earned the distinguished service cross for heroism in combat . He also won the Purple Heart and Silver Star twice . Haig served as supreme allied commander of NATO forces in Europe for five years . There was an assassination attempt on him in Brussels in 1979 as he was being driven to NATO headquarters . A public official known for his loyalty , Haig had hawkish foreign policy views , and Gergen said he could be tough and "  combustible . " "  He was first and foremost a soldier , " Gergen said . Haig was assistant to National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger in the Nixon White House and was involved in the Paris peace agreements that brought an end to the U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War . He was long rumored to be Deep Throat , the Washington Post 's inside source on the Watergate break-in and cover-up that eventually destroyed Nixon 's presidency . W. Mark Felt , then a high-ranking FBI official , declared in 2005 that he was the source . "  Great tensions " in the Reagan administration simmered over his stances , and Gergen said , "  There was a sense in the White House that he was grabbing too much power . "  He wanted to be the , quote , vicar of foreign policy , and there was a lot of pushback from the White House on that . He felt that he had been guaranteed by Ronald Reagan a role as a strong secretary of state and the reins of power would be in his hands . He resented the White House staff trying to manage him , " Gergen said . "  My own sense is that he has been underappreciated , " he said . TIME : Read why Haig left the Reagan White House As secretary of state , Haig tried shuttle diplomacy to head off war between Britain and Argentina over the Falkland Islands in 1982 , but he failed . He opposed Reagan 's handling of Iran and disagreed with the president 's plan on aid to the contra rebels in Nicaragua . He eventually left the Reagan administration after 18 months and made a run for president in 1988 , pulling out before the New Hampshire primary . He backed Bob Dole instead of George H.W. Bush when he dropped out . Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton announced Haig 's death to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington on Saturday and called him a patriot .	Haig worked under Presidents Nixon , Ford , Reagan He was highly decorated soldier who served during Korean and Vietnam wars As secretary of state , Haig wrongly declared "  I am in control here " after Reagan was shot He unsuccessfully sought the 1988 Republican presidential nomination
The crash of a small plane in Nashville appears to be a familiar story : A pilot not authorized to fly in foul weather meanders into a foggy soup and tries to land . Things go wrong . The plane crashes . The pilot is killed . But in other respects , Tuesday 's crash is anything but ordinary . The doomed Canadian pilot flies to a major airport apparently without radioing controllers . And when the plane crashes just off a main runway , erupting in fire , the crash goes undetected . By anyone . Likely for hours . On Wednesday , the National Transportation Safety Board painted some broad outlines to an accident picture that is begging for specific details . NTSB investigator Jay Neylon said the NTSB is focusing on a seven-hour window in which the Cessna 172R crashed along runway 2C at Nashville International Airport . The crash , he said , occurred sometime between 2 a.m. -- when an airport worker conducted a routine runway check -- and 8:45 a.m. -- when a taxiing aircraft reported seeing "  debris on the runway . " Rescue workers were dispatched and found the plane 's sole occupant dead amid the fire-scarred wreckage . "  At this point we have no idea the exact time  of the crash  , " Neylon said . Neylon said the safety board had not yet determined whether the pilot attempted to contact air traffic controllers . "  We will look at everything in the investigation , and that does include air traffic control , " he said . The pilot was Michael Callan , according to a source at the Ontario-based Windsor Flying Club , which owns the plane . The source spoke on condition of anonymity . The club previously said the pilot was a club member who rented the plane and planned to return it the next day . The accident is "  certainly a little unusual , to say the least , " said Bruce Landsberg , president of the AOPA Foundation and Air Safety Institute . "  To have an airplane , even a small airplane , crash at a major airport and go unnoticed for quite a while does seem unusual , " said Tom Haueter , former director of the NTSB 's Office of Accident Investigation . Both men say the dense fog , which may have contributed to the crash , likely prevented controllers from seeing the incident . The control tower is roughly one mile from the end of Runway 2C , the crash site . But they said the crash raises intriguing questions about the actions of the pilot and controllers . "  My biggest question is Why ? Why was the pilot there ? Why was n't he talking to anybody ? " said Landsberg . Aircraft are required to communicate with controllers when entering controlled airspace . Haueter echoed that thought . "  Whether it 's day or night , when you 're approaching an airport of this size and density , you have to start contacting controllers well in advance , usually from about 25 miles out ... to let them know you 're arriving , " Haueter said . If the pilot was unfamiliar with Nashville airport 's frequencies , he could have used a universal frequency to contact controllers , Landsberg said . Both men speculated that the pilot could have strayed into foul weather and been too preoccupied with flying the plane to contact the tower . The Federal Aviation Administration said the tower had normal staffing early Tuesday , but it declined to specify the number of controllers on duty . Landsberg and Haueter said the accident also raises questions about the air traffic controllers . "  How did the airplane get to the airport without the controller saying , ` Hey what is this guy doing out there ? ' " Landsberg said . Said Haueter : "  Certainly this is an airport that has very good facilities . It has radar ; it has lots of capabilities and how an aircraft could approach , possibly circle , we 're hearing , then crash short of the runway , unnoticed for so long , does raise some questions . " David Gillies , president of Windsor Flying Club , said the pilot , who was unaccompanied , rented the club plane for an overnight trip . "  It is not usual for this individual to rent an airplane overnight , " he said . The pilot was certified to fly under "  visual flight rules , " allowing him to fly in fair weather , and was qualified to fly at night . But the pilot did not have an instrument rating allowing him to fly into weather systems , Gillies said . Gillies said Nashville airport officials told him the pilot "  circled " over the airport "  for some time " and that the plane crashed while trying to land about 2:30 a.m. "  They 've indicated to us that they have tapes of him circling and that the time of his demise was about 2:30 , " he said . Airport officials have declined to discuss the accident in detail , citing the NTSB investigation . The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority , in a statement , said "  the time of the crash has not been determined and reports to the contrary are not factual . These facts will be determined as part of the NTSB investigation . " On Wednesday , the NTSB surveyed the crash site , investigator Neylon said . He plans to examine air traffic control tapes and radar soon . And the NTSB will examine the pilot 's flight records and interview his instructors . The investigation , Neylon said , is in the early stages , and it may take a year before the board determines a probable cause . Asked whether this wreck was anomalous , Neylon said , "  Every accident 's unusual . " Southwest plane returns to Nashville after striking birds	Investigator says plane crashed some time after 2 a.m. , was n't noticed until 8:45 a.m. Pilot may not have been in contact with control tower NTSB : Single-engine Cessna crashed unnoticed at Nashville International Airport There was a dense fog the night of the crash , but investigators unsure if it was factor
CNN  -- If you 've ever been stuck for a jet lag cure , consider the experience of Singaporeans . A new survey reveals a dozen ways Singaporean travelers try to avoid the 5 p.m. shuteye , along with their success rates . Among them : Viagra , drinking alcohol and not drinking alcohol . "  Our survey has shown that people will often try various methods in order to beat jet lag -- but they may not work for everyone , " said Singapore marketing manager Ira Noviani at travel search site Skyscanner , which conducted the poll of 1,000 travelers . The most surprising choice was taking Viagra , which 11 % of those surveyed said they 'd tried . Nearly half of those who said they 'd tried the Viagra remedy claimed it works . According to research conducted a few years ago , jet-lagged hamsters might agree . More mundane methods of beating jet lag include taking melatonin , taking sleeping pills , staying awake during the flight and doing light exercise . Jetlag "  cure " and success rate , as reported by travelers 1 . Stretch/light exercise on flight : 51 %  51 % of people who tried this cure , reported that it worked 2 . Sleeping tablets : 48 % 3 . = Set watch to new time zone : 46 % 3 . = Light and healthy diet : 46 % 5 . = Viagra : 45 % 5 . = Exercise/fresh air before flight : 45 % 7 . = Avoid alcohol completely : 42 % 7 . = Herbal remedies : 42 % 9 . Consume alcohol : 41 % 10 . Stay awake for duration of the flight : 40 % 11 . Anti-jet lag pills : 39 % 12 . Melatonin : 36 % What remedies have you discovered for minimizing jet lag ? Share them in the comments . More : The world 's best city is ...	A thousand people are asked what jet lag remedies they use Exercising and light exercise deemed most popular Other "  cures " include drinking , not drinking and Viagra
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's interim leaders will declare liberation on Sunday and hold elections in the coming months as the war-torn country works toward building a new society in the post-Moammar Gadhafi era . Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the National Transitional Council executive board , said elections "  should be within a period of eight months , maximum . " He spoke at the World Economic Forum in Jordan . The first vote will be for a National Congress that will draft a constitution . After that , parliamentary and presidential elections will be held . Jibril said that oil-rich Libya is currently producing around 300,000 barrels per day , up from near zero during the depths of the conflict . The country should be back at its prewar output of 1.6 million barrels of oil per day within 15 months , he said . Gadhafi 's death Thursday solidified the power of the NTC , which will mark the country 's liberation on Sunday in the eastern city of Benghazi , where the uprising started . NATO , which launched an operation to protect Libyan citizens against the Gadhafi regime during the Libyan war , plans to ends its operations by October 31 . Speaking in his weekly address Saturday , Obama said Gadhafi 's death "  showed that our role in protecting the Libyan people , and helping them break free from a tyrant , was the right thing to do . " "  Our brave pilots and crews helped prevent a massacre , save countless lives , and give the Libyan people the chance to prevail . Without putting a single U.S. service member on the ground , we achieved our objectives . Soon , our NATO mission will come to a successful end even as we continue to support the Libyan people , and people across the Arab world , who seek a democratic future . " Questions persist about what would happen to Gadhafi 's body , which was on public display Saturday at a Misrata meat market cooler . Queues of people lined up to view the corpse , which appeared to have a bullet hole on the left temple . His family issued a statement Friday calling on the United Nations and Amnesty International to push Libya 's new leadership "  to hand over the bodies of the martyrs of their tribe so they can be buried according to Islamic rites , " a pro-Gadhafi TV station reported . Libyan and world powers wanted to capture Gadhafi and prosecute him for war crimes . The U.N. human rights office and activist groups like Amnesty and Human Rights Watch have called for a probe into his death amid questions over the final moments of the late Libyan strongman 's life . They want to know whether Gadhafi was killed in crossfire or executed by fighters . "  There are at least two cell-phone videos , one showing him alive and one showing him dead . Taken together , these videos are very disturbing , " human rights office spokesman Rupert Colville told reporters in Geneva on Friday . "  We believe there is a need for an investigation and more details are needed to ascertain whether he was killed in the fighting or after his capture . " Human Rights Watch , which is also calling for an internationally supervised autopsy and an investigation into the death , said it is unlikely that Gadhafi was killed in crossfire . Peter Bouckaert , the group 's emergencies director , told CNN that fighting had ended when Gadhafi was cornered in a drainage ditch . He said crowds beat Gadhafi in what was a "  humiliating end " for the former dictator . "  When he left the area , he was very much alive , " Bouckaert said . "  There 's no reason why he should have been subjected to this kind of mob justice . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Victoria Brown contributed to this report	NEW : Libya will approach its prewar oil output in 15 months , an official says Interim leaders will declare Liberation Day on Sunday Libya is seeking a new constitution NATO is scaling back operations
CNN  -- A Tunisian , who authorities believe radicalized one of the suspects held in Canada on charges of plotting to blow up a passenger train , has been arrested in New York on unrelated counts , according to authorities who said he wanted to commit acts of terror in the United States . Ahmed Abassi was arrested last month and charged in a newly unsealed indictment with two counts of making false statements to immigration authorities while applying for a work visa and green card . "  As alleged , Ahmed Abassi had an evil purpose for seeking to remain in the United States -- to commit acts of terror and develop a network of terrorists here , and to use this country as a base to support the efforts of terrorists internationally , " said Preet Bharara , the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York . Much of the discovery in the case originated from recordings between Abassi and an undercover agent who spoke Arabic . They still must be translated and much of the material remains classified , prosecutor John Cronan said . In court documents , prosecutors allege Abassi radicalized Chiheb Esseghaier , who then allegedly traveled overseas for training and plotted "  to engage in terrorist activity in the West . " Esseghaier was arrested in Canada in April in a high-profile terror case . According to a U.S. intelligence official and another government official , Esseghaier , 30 , of Montreal and another suspect plotted to put explosives under a trestle and set them off after a passenger train crossed from the United States into Canada . Abassi previously lived in Canada , traveled to the United States in mid-March and was under surveillance by law enforcement until he was arrested on April 22 , said prosecutors . He allegedly met with Esseghaier in New York City . A man who neither Abassi or Esseghaier knew was an undercover officer also was present during their discussions and secretly recorded the conversations , said the government . During the meeting with Esseghaier , Abassi allegedly "  discussed his desire to engage in terrorist acts against targets in the United States and other countries , and his intention to provide support and funding to organizations engaged in terrorist activity , including the al Nusrah Front , " according to a letter prosecutors wrote to a federal judge . The al Nusrah Front is an organization commonly referred to as al Qaeda in Iraq . Abassi also allegedly said he wanted to recruit other like-minded people for acts of terrorism . The letter adds that Abassi told the person he did n't realize was an undercover officer that Esseghaier 's plans were good but the timing for them was not right . Abassi allegedly said he had a plan involving "  contaminating the air or water with bacteria in order to kill up to 100,000 people " but he said Esseghaier was dismissive . The documents do not specify whether Abassi had a location in mind for such an attack . Abassi allegedly discussed with the undercover officer his plans to obtain immigration documents fraudulently so he could stay in the United States and engage in terrorism , and his plan included a claim that he was working for a company owned by the undercover agent . The documents did not say whether Abassi knew of the foiled Canadian rail plot . Albassi appeared in federal court in New York Thursday . Each of the two charges against him carries up to 25 years in prison . CNN 's Gloria Borger , Paula Newton and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Man was arrested in New York last month , charged with immigration counts Prosecutors said his true purpose for staying in the U.S. was to commit terror Suspect previously lived in Canada and traveled to the United States in March Authorities said he was under surveillance since entering the United States
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin called for unity as he appeared headed for a third term as president , declaring victory in an "  open and honest fight " in Sunday 's election . But chess champion-turned-opposition activist Garry Kasparov accused Putin 's supporters of "  massive fraud " early Monday by packing the polls with additional voters . With better than two-thirds of the vote reporting early Monday , Putin led his closest rival by a nearly 4-to-1 margin . His margin of victory was smaller than in 2004 , the last time he ran for president , but appears well above the 50 % needed to avoid a runoff . "  We have won an open and honest fight , " Putin told the cheering and flag-waving supporters who had braved the cold in Manezhnaya Square for hours to hear his expected victory speech . The results show "  that our people are ready for renewal , and have only one aim . " "  We are appealing to all people to unite for our people , for our motherland , and we will win , " he said . "  We 've had a victory ! Glory to Russia ! " The 59-year-old former KGB officer served two terms in the Kremlin before term limits forced him to step down in 2008 . But he served as prime minister under his successor , Dmitry Medvedev , and continued to dominate Russian politics . With more than 68 % of boxes reporting , Putin had just under 65 % of the vote in a field of five candidates . His closest challenger , Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov , had slightly more than had 17 % ; the other three candidates -- including billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov , the owner of the New Jersey Nets basketball team -- were running in the single digits . Critics have long accused Putin of undermining Russia 's democratic institutions during his years in power , and accusations of voter fraud in December 's parliamentary elections have led to unprecedented public protests against his government . But Ivan Zassoursky , a media analyst at Moscow State University , told CNN the demonstrations may have helped Putin consolidate his support . "  He was able to mobilize his core electorate -- the workers , the blue-collar workers , the state workers -- all the people that the state pays salaries to , all the people that the state gives order to , like industrial complexes , " Zassoursky said . "  I think they all have been shaken and stirred by the fact that the opposition has so many people , that they are so vocal , and I think this has pulled them into action . " But opposition figures said they planned to continue their demonstrations as early as Monday , fueled by new complaints about Sunday 's results . Kasparov , who served as a poll watcher in his Moscow neighborhood , said Putin 's supporters "  simply added new voters to the register using so-called supplementary voter rolls . " "  At one of the polling stations , the number of extra voters even exceeded the number of registered voters , " he said . And Ilya Ponomarev , a member of parliament and a prominent protest figure , said he did not feel there was a fair counting of votes . Many polls before the vote , he said , showed Putin receiving around 40 % . "  Mr. Putin remains to be one of the most popular politicians in the country , probably the most popular politician in the country , and it 's quite natural that he 's receiving the majority of the votes , " Ponomarev , of the A Just Russia party , told CNN from Moscow 's Red Square . "  But it should not be an overwhelming majority , and I think there has to be a runoff . " But in the run-up to Sunday 's voting , Putin 's spokesman played down the public protests over the past three months . "  It 's pure mathematics , " Dimitri Peskov said . "  Yes , we have something like 70,000 people out there  protesting  on Sakharov Avenue , but at the same time we have to keep in mind they are a minority . The majority of the population does not live here in Moscow . We have a huge country and if we look eastwards , we 'll see lots and lots of big cities , small towns and rural populations that still support Putin pretty well . " Three policemen were killed in an attack on a polling station in Russia 's southern republic of Dagestan after voting closed Sunday , police spokesman Alexander Gorovoy said . One of the attackers , who all wore masks , was also killed , he said . Violence has plagued the republic for years , with Islamist rebels fighting Moscow rule in the region , and Gorovoy said the Interior Ministry would vigorously investigate the attack . Of Putin 's opponents , Prokhorov -- Russia 's third-richest man -- was the only fresh face in the pack . Zyuganov is a serial election loser now facing his fourth defeat , while right-wing candidate Vladimir Zhirinovsky and left-leaning Sergey Mironov also have run and lost previous campaigns . On paper , Prokhorov 's manifesto of democratic and economic reforms should have appealed to many of Moscow 's voters , but he struggled to shake a reputation of being too close to the regime . Cynics call him a Kremlin project , a candidate designed to credibly attract the middle-class vote without posing a genuine threat .	Putin declares an "  open and honest " victory , but opponents cry foul Chess king Kasparov says Putin allies padded voter rolls Putin was leading preliminary results with nearly 65 % of the vote Three policemen are killed in an attack on a Dagestan polling station
CNN  -- Less than a day after officially concluding 12 tumultuous years as mayor , Michael Bloomberg sat stone-faced in the front row at the inauguration of his liberal successor , Mayor Bill de Blasio , as one speaker after another made blistering , thinly veiled attacks on Bloomberg 's legacy . The Rev. Fred Lucas , one of the clergymen who delivered the opening invocation , asked God to turn "  the plantation called New York City " into a better place . Actor Harry Belafonte used his turn at the podium to call for an end to what he called the city 's "  deeply Dickensian justice system . " And the newly elected public advocate , Letitia James , ticked off a litany of criticisms of Bloomberg 's police , education and economic policies . The attacks , which dominated an inauguration ceremony that is normally a celebration of municipal unity , jarred many observers . "  As outside observer , hard to understand the bitter partisanship at De Blasio ceremony , " noted an Israeli journalist on Twitter . "  There 's a time for everything , and this is n't it . " Things got so heated that , an hour into the event , former President Bill Clinton , who administered the oath of office to de Blasio , tried to reset the tone by offering the first praise of Bloomberg , noting that the departing mayor "  leaves the city stronger and healthier than he found it . " De Blasio himself departed from his prepared speech to ask the crowd to applaud Bloomberg . The criticism was partly a matter of political overreach : Polls suggest that a majority of New Yorkers , while ready to turn the page on the Bloomberg years , also think the city is on the right track . Forty-nine percent approve of what Bloomberg did for the city , including innovative programs aimed at low-income residents . But over the years , Bloomberg -- a Wall Street veteran and a multibillionaire with a chilly managerial style -- became an irresistible target for those who decry the gap between rich and poor . At a time when homelessness in New York has soared to a record-high 50,000 people  PDF  sleeping in city shelters every night , Bloomberg 's habit of jetting off to a home in Bermuda on weekends was fodder for criticism from opponents . The same was true of Bloomberg 's free-spending ways : One conservative estimate places Bloomberg 's spending on his campaigns and other political efforts at an eye-popping $ 650 million from his personal fortune , overwhelming liberal Democratic challengers in 2001 , 2005 and 2009 . It was easy for liberal politicians to point the finger at Bloomberg as a symbol of inequality , but as de Blasio will soon discover , the issue wo n't vanish with the Bloomberg administration . Slate business correspondent Matthew Yglesias has wisely suggested that progressives not get too giddy over what the de Blasio equality agenda can deliver in the foreseeable future . "  Everyone should take a deep breath or two , " he wrote in August . "  Economic inequality is a serious issue and municipal governance is a serious matter , but the fact is that the two have relatively little to do with each other . " Poverty has bedeviled New York and other cities for centuries , and mayors have scant power to affect broad trends like the decline of manufacturing , the loss of low-skilled jobs to foreign countries and the destruction of jobs by automation and the information revolution . But New York 's newly-elected mayor won last November on a campaign promise to use the power of government to attack yawning gaps of wealth and income between rich and poor . Even before taking office on New Year 's Day , de Blasio began ratcheting up the rhetoric , explicitly positioning his new administration as a place the rest of the nation should watch for clues about how to address economic inequality . On Wednesday he told the inauguration crowd , "  We are called to put an end to economic and social inequalities that threaten to unravel the city we love . " A large audience will indeed be watching to see whether de Blasio -- or any mayor -- can make the mighty wheels of the national economy spin in the direction of uplifting the poor . If he can crack the code , an effective attack on economic inequality will be making news long after the ungracious sendoff of Bloomberg has faded from memory . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis says speakers at inauguration of NYC Mayor de Blasio slammed his predecessor It was partly as political overreach on issue of inequality , implicating Bloomberg , he says But solving inequality not so easy , relies on factors largely out of a mayor 's reach , he says Louis : De Blasio promises to reverse inequality ; nation will indeed be watching to see how
CNET  -- General Electric plans to give its solar business a charge in two years with the introduction of panels with the same solar cell material used by industry cost leader First Solar . General Energy is developing a solar energy product aimed at utility and commercial customers . In 2011 , the energy giant expects to produce solar panels made with cadmium telluride , a thin-film solar cell material , said Michael Idelchik , vice president of advanced technologies at GE Global Research at the EmTech conference here on Wednesday . The company now sells solar panels that use silicon solar cells , but its long-term bet is on thin-film and specifically cadmium telluride because it offers the cheapest cost per watt , he said . Last year , GE 's energy division took a majority stake in Golden , Colorado-based PrimeStar Solar , for its cadmium telluride cell technology . GE is now developing a product around that aimed at utility and commercial customers . Solar at GE is a relatively small part of its sprawling energy portfolio , which covers everything from nuclear power plants to natural gas turbines . But GE expects that solar has the potential to grow rapidly , as its multi-billion dollar wind business has done over the past five years . "  Solar is definitely the next wind for us . It 's not there yet but it 's moving very rapidly , " said Idelchik . Solar is more expensive than wind right now , but GE expects that renewable energy mandates will help drive growth and bring costs down , he said . Thin-film solar cells offer lower production costs than the incumbent silicon because thin-film cells use far less material . Over the past five years , several solar companies have formed to make thin-film cells from a combination copper , indium , gallium , and selenide  CIGS  , which are still not in the market in high volumes . GE 's cells will be made from a compound of cadmium and tellurium . Silicon cells are durable and more efficient at converting sunlight to electricity than thin-film solar cells with the most efficient commercial silicon cells over 20 percent . But GE Research projects that it can boost the efficiency of cadmium telluride to 12 percent and potentially higher , Idelchik said . "  We are excited about it because it can produce in diffuse light , " he said . "  The module  panel  life is 20 years -- that 's what the customer wants . It has the right production costs and right efficiency target . " Asked how its cadmium telluride products will differ from First Solar 's , Idelchik said that GE 's device would be more "  flexible for customers . " During his presentation , Idelchik said that GE is looking at ways at managing an entire solar array in a large installation built by a utility or commercial customer . After his talk , he said that GE is developing technology to recycle the solar cell material , as cadmium is a very toxic if it enters the environment . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	General Electric to change from silicon solar cells to thin-film material GE says change has the right production costs and right efficiency target Thin-film solar cell material offers lowest cost per watt , GE says GE is developing technology to recycle the solar cell material
CNN  -- American Amanda Knox will not return to Italy for a retrial in the 2007 death of her British roommate , a spokesman for the Knox family said . David Marriott said Knox had never agreed to attend , and there 's "  no requirement she be there . " Still , there remains the possibility that Italy could request her extradition from the United States . In an interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo in May , Knox said she "  did n't know " whether she 'd return . "  It 's a really complicated question , " Knox said . "  I mean , I 'm afraid to go back there . I do n't want to go back into prison . " Knox : Sometimes I ca n't stop crying Knox spent several years behind bars in Italy , after she was convicted in 2009 of murdering 21-year old British exchange student Meredith Kercher . Kercher was found stabbed to death in November 2007 in the villa she rented with Knox , then 20 , in the central Italian university town of Perugia . The convictions of Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " After her acquittal , Knox returned to her hometown of Seattle , Washington , where she has been living since . Italians ask : Can Americans get away with murder ? Italy 's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case , saying the jury that acquitted Knox did n't consider all the evidence , and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . The high court also said evidence could support prosecutors ' initial argument -- that Kercher was killed in a twisted sex misadventure game , according to Italian news agency ANSA . Knox says such claims were "  a bombardment of falsehood and fantasy . " Timeline of the murder case "  No one has ever claimed that I was ever taking part in deviant sexual activity . None of my roommates , none of my friends , none of the people who knew me there . This is simply coming out of the prosecution , " she told CNN in May . "  I was not strapping on leather and bearing a whip . I have never done that . I have never taken part in an orgy . Ever . " Knox and Sollecito 's retrial , which is expected to start this fall , should examine discrepancies in testimony , the high court said . These include differing witness accounts of when screaming could be heard from the home , ANSA reported . Knox may be ordered to return to Italy for the retrial . If she refuses , the Italian government could appeal to the United States for her extradition . But even if it does , it 's not clear whether the United States would extradite Knox . Opinion : What Amanda Knox can and ca n't tell us	Amanda Knox is set for a trial in Italy in the 2007 death of her roommate A family spokesman says she wo n't return to Italy for the retrial Italy could appeal to U.S. for Knox 's extradition
"  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " is not a very good movie . Actually , it 's less of a movie than a horrific catalogue of everything that is miserable and boring in modern Hollywood : The urge to sequelize into infinity , the paycheck-gravitas of great British actors , the redefinition of "  plot " as "  a series of digitalized set-pieces signifying nothing , " the notion of Shia LaBeouf as an action hero , the notion that Russians still make interesting villains , the limits of Cate Blanchett 's greatness , but , most of all , the TV-ification of movie stardom , whereby every movie star is only really a star when they 're sleepwalking through reheated incarnations of their most iconic roles .  See also : Renée Zellweger , Sylvester Stallone , everyone who has ever starred in a superhero movie besides Christian Bale , the cast of "  Fast Five , " the cast of "  Twilight . " But "  Crystal Skull " was directed by Steven Spielberg , who has almost certainly earned the right to strike out every now and then . Spielberg has been producing great , complex , entertaining Hollywood fare for 40 years now . You do n't just pick out your favorite Spielberg film ; you pick out your favorite Spielberg phase . Do you prefer the "  Classic " era , from 1975  "  Jaws "  to 1982  "  E.T. "  ? Or perhaps the underrated "  Weird " period , from 1984  "  Temple of Doom "  to 1991  "  Hook "  , which also includes Spielberg 's work as the producer of "  Gremlins , " "  The Goonies , " and "  Back to the Future " ? Some people dig the "  Revival " period , when he made the "  important " trilogy  "  Schindler 's List , " "  Amistad , " "  Saving Private Ryan "  and mixed in a couple "  Jurassic Park " movies , why not ? Personally , I dig Spielberg 's "  Bleak " period , from 2001 ′ s totally weird Kubrick mash-up "  A.I. " through a brilliant post-9 / 11 Tom Cruise duet up to the incisive thriller "  Munich . " That 's a great run that ended with "  Crystal Skull , " but in a new interview with Empire , Spielberg sounds pretty serene about the "  Indiana Jones " fourquel . That 's not to say he does n't understand that people have a gripe with the central plot point of the film , which you 'll recall forced Harrison Ford to run around the jungle waving a Crystal Skull and yelling "  Crystal Skull ! Crystal Skull ! Crystal Skull ! " for 90 minutes . "  I sympathize with people who did n't like the MacGuffin because I never liked the MacGuffin , " says Spielberg . "  George -LSB- Lucas -RSB- and I had big arguments about the MacGuffin . " Ah , but do n't think for a moment that Spielberg is joining in the popular Internet sporting event of Hating On Lucas . "  I am loyal to my best friend , " he says . "  When he writes a story he believes in -- even if I do n't believe in it -- I 'm going to shoot the movie the way George envisaged it . " So basically , this is a classic example of an awesome filmmaker deferring to a decidedly less awesome filmmaker , purely out of friendship .  Sort of like whenever Quentin Tarantino works with Robert Rodriguez , or when Alfred Hitchcock took some peyote with William Wyler and Wyler was all like , "  Yo Hitch , man , you should totally make a movie about dreams , man ! " and the result was Spellbound .  Spielberg happily admits that the most infamous scene in Crystal Skull belongs to him : "  What people really jumped at was Indy climbing into a refrigerator and getting blown into the sky by an atom-bomb blast . Blame me . Do n't blame George . That was my silly idea . People stopped saying ` jump the shark . ' They now say , ` nuked the fridge . ' I 'm proud of that . I 'm glad I was able to bring that into popular culture . " Anyhow , the point is that Spielberg feels your pain , and now we can all have a good laugh , and while we 're laughing , we can take a good hard look the first decade of the new millennium , and ponder the fact that we lived through a moment when George Lucas ' silly ideas were regularly turned into $ 200 million movies . See full article at EW.com .	"  Crystal Skull " was directed by Spielberg , who has earned the right to strike out every now and then Spielberg has been producing great , complex , entertaining Hollywood fare for 40 years now In a new interview with Empire , Spielberg sounds pretty serene about the "  Indiana Jones " fourquel
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans took voters ' distress over the stubborn jobless rate and stalled economy and turned it into a sweeping takeover of the U.S. House of Representatives in Tuesday 's midterm elections , while Democrats were able to hang onto their majority in the Senate , though in smaller numbers . With results still coming in , the extent of the Republican takeover of the 435-member House was still to be determined . But CNN projected that Republicans would win at least 60 more House seats than they currently hold to wipe out the Democratic majority of the past four years . President Barack Obama called House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio to congratulate him . They had a brief but pleasant conversation , according to Boehner 's aides . The two discussed working together to focus on the top priorities of the American people , which Boehner has identified as creating jobs and cutting spending . Boehner thanked the president for the call . Republican candidates also were running strong in governors ' races , while Democrats were guaranteed of holding at least 50 of the 100 Senate seats with a handful of close races still outstanding , according to the projections based on CNN 's analysis of exit poll data . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , retained his Senate seat by defeating Republican Sharron Angle , a Tea Party favorite . An energized conservative electorate , fueled by the anti-establishment Tea Party movement that emerged in 2009 , helped Republicans to what could be their biggest gain in congressional elections in decades . "  It 's clear tonight who the real winners are , and it 's the American people , " said Boehner , who is expected to become House Speaker in January when the new GOP majority takes over . "  With their voices , the American people are demanding a new way forward in Washington , " Boehner said , calling for conservative policies favored by the Tea Party such as cutting spending and reducing the size of government . Tea Party-backed Republicans Rand Paul in Kentucky and Marco Rubio in Florida won their Senate races , while another GOP candidate , John Boozman , will defeat incumbent Democrat Blanche Lincoln in Arkansas , according to the projections . In Indiana , conservative Republican Dan Coats was the projected winner to take over the Senate seat held by retiring Democrat Evan Bayh , while the GOP 's Ron Johnson toppled Democratic incumbent Sen. Russ Feingold in Wisconsin . The projected victories by Coats , Boozman , Johnson and John Hoeven in North Dakota gave Republicans four pick-ups in the Senate . However , Democrat Chris Coons was the projected winner over Republican Christine O'Donnell , another Tea Party-supported candidate , in Delaware 's Senate race for the seat formerly held for decades by Vice President Joe Biden . In Connecticut , Democratic Attorney General Richard Blumenthal will defeat Republican Linda McMahon , the former professional wrestling executive , for the Senate seat held by retiring Democrat Chris Dodd . Another big Democratic victory came in West Virginia , where Gov. Joe Manchin was projected to win the Senate seat formerly held by the late Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd , who died earlier this year . The projected victories by Coons , Manchin and Blumenthal were vital for the Democrats ' chances to retain their majority in the Senate . But Obama 's former Senate seat in Illinois went to Republican Mark Kirk , who defeated Democrat Alexi Giannoulias . Whatever the final make-up of the Senate , it will include no African-American members . The only current African-American senator , Roland Burris of Illinois , is retiring , and none of the three African-American candidates won on Tuesday . Both Paul , the son of Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , and O'Donnell rode Tea Party support to defeat mainstream Republican candidates in their GOP primaries . Paul 's projected victory to claim the seat held by retiring Republican Sen. Jim Bunning showed the influence of the movement that emerged in 2009 in opposition to expanded government and the growing federal deficit . At the same time , the loss by O'Donnell could badly hurt Republican chances to win majority control of the Senate . Many Republicans believed the veteran congressman whom O'Donnell beat in the primary , former Gov. Mike Castle , would have defeated Coons . Another Tea Party backed candidate , Republican Carl Paladino , will be handily defeated by Democrat Andrew Cuomo in the New York governor 's race , the projections show . CNN projects Democrat Jerry Brown will defeat Republican Meg Whitman in California for the governorship now held by Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is stepping down under term limits . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who gained national attention for her support of Arizona 's controversial new immigration law , defeated Democrat Terry Goddard to retain office . In other gubernatorial contests , Republicans Bill Haslam in Tennessee , Sam Brownback in Kansas , Rick Perry in Texas , Nikki Haley in South Carolina , Susana Martinez in New Mexico , Mary Fallin in Oklahoma , Tom Corbett in Pennsylvania , Matt Mead in Wyoming and Rick Snyder in Michigan will be victorious , according to the projections . Democratic winners for governor included incumbents Martin O'Malley in Maryland and Deval Patrick in Massachusetts , the projections showed . Republicans needed a net gain of only three governorships Tuesday for a majority nationally . Often overshadowed during midterm campaigns , governorships can impact national politics by their influence in the redistricting of state electorates . Exit poll data analyzed by CNN showed the economy was the dominant issue on the minds of voters and indicated that key constituencies shifted from supporting Democrats in 2008 to voting for Republicans this time . For example , senior citizens who comprised 24 percent of the total electorate supported Republicans much more strongly on Tuesday than they did two years ago , the exit polling showed . According to the data , 39 percent of senior citizens voted for Democrats , compared with 49 percent in 2008 , while 58 percent supported Republicans , compared with 49 percent two years ago . One reason is likely opposition to the health care reform bill pushed through Congress over Republican opposition by President Barack Obama and Democratic leaders . While Obama pledged the reforms would improve Medicare , Republican opponents warned of service cuts and higher costs . The long and bitter campaign season drew more than $ 3.5 billion in spending , making it the most expensive nonpresidential vote ever , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , a watchdog group . The rise of the Tea Party movement added a new element to the election cycle , roiling Republican races by boosting little-known and inexperienced candidates to victory over mainstream figures in GOP primaries across the country . No matter how many of the so-called Tea Party candidates win against Democratic opponents Tuesday , the influence of the movement has shifted the Republican agenda to the right . "  They tell me they want people who can work together in Washington , " DeMint , one of the leading backers of Tea Party candidates , said in his victory speech . "  I tell you this : I 'm ready . I 'm ready . Anyone whose guide is the constitution and whose goal is limited government , I 'm ready to work with them today . But I 'm not going to compromise with anyone who does n't believe in that . " Exit polling showed voter dissatisfaction with both parties , as each received a 53 percent unfavorable rating . The economy was rated the most important issue by 62 percent of voters , far eclipsing health care reform  19 percent  , immigration  8 percent  and the war in Afghanistan  7 percent  , according to the exit polling . Most voters , 88 percent , rated economic conditions as not good or poor , and 86 percent said they were very worried or somewhat worried about the economy , the exit polling showed . Voters across the country offered a variety of reasons for their choices Tuesday . In Wolfeboro , New Hampshire , restaurant manager and internet entrepreneur Stephen Smith , 40 , went to the polls hoping "  that the entrenched incumbents get booted out of office , " he said . Melissa Bacon , 24 , of Sacramento , California , cast her ballot partly for the thrill of the experience , she said . "  You do n't get to vote every day . It 's sort of its own holiday . You research the issues , vote and then wait to see if your position was the majority . It 's as exciting to me as the World Series last night , " she said on the heels of the San Francisco Giants ' victory . Nadya Alvarez of Parrish , Florida , went to the polls with her son to teach him about the importance of voting . "  My youngest is almost 2 years old , and I showed him the ballot , and he wanted to help fill in the circles , " said Parrish , 28 . "  It is good to teach them from an early age to be involved in the welfare of our country and that we all have rights and duties to preserve . " Unemployment , at a rate of 9.6 percent amid a slow recovery from economic recession , has been the dominant issue , with Republicans accusing Obama and the Democrats of pushing through expensive policies that have expanded government without solving the problem . Obama has led Democrats in defending his record , saying that steps such as the economic stimulus bill and auto industry bailout were necessary to prevent a depression , while health care reform and Wall Street reform will lay the foundation for sustainable future growth . Observers warned that the expected Republican gains offer little chance of compromise or bipartisan approaches on major issues . Boehner already has signaled little appetite to negotiate with the White House or congressional Democrats , saying last week that "  this is not a time for compromise . " In the Senate , legislative gridlock is likely as Republicans strengthen their current minority of 41 seats . Obama and Democrats accuse Senate Republicans of using obstruction tactics as a political tool , showing the distrust and animosity that already exists . Democrats are also wary of a recent comment by Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , who told the National Journal , "  The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president . " The first test of a new relationship will come in mid-November , when Congress convenes a post-election lame-duck session to try to clear unfinished legislation before the newly elected Congress gathers in January . Among other issues , lawmakers must decide whether and how to extend Bush-era tax cuts . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Michael Pearson , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Paul Steinhauser , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	An energized conservative electorate helps Republicans to historic gain in midterms Republicans nab at least 60 more House seats , based on CNN analysis of exit poll data Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid defeats Republican Sharron Angle in Nevada President Obama calls House Minority Leader John Boehner to congratulate him
CNN  -- He was born into poverty , became wealthy via the stock exchange , suffered the suicides of both his parents , and would ultimately end his own life on the golf course that bears his legacy . The life of Clifford Roberts was remarkable tale , a man who -- in a rags-to-riches ode to the American Dream -- rose from farm boy to the position of advisor for the American president via his role as creator of one of the most iconic golf courses in the world . As chairman of The Masters , Roberts would become legend , but the story of his life was one filled with twists and turns and which , ultimately , ended in tragedy on the banks of Augusta National 's par-three course in September 1977 . A triumph over adversity "  Cliff managed to rise above the tragedy of his parents . He was a land man and he traveled across the country , approaching farmers and buying their land for drilling rights , " said Curt Sampson , author of "  The Masters : Golf , Money and Power . " "  He made a real success and moved to New York , where he got into stock brokerage and proved himself highly skilled in the art of ingratiating himself to people with money . He was as skilled with stocks and he was with ` the schmooze ' . " It was in New York that Roberts befriended legendary amateur golfer Bobby Jones , who in 1930 completed the unique feat of a calendar Grand Slam , by winning the U.S. Open , British Open , U.S. Amateur and British Amateur . Jones had retired from golf aged just 28 , with his celebrity at an all-time high . He sought money and sanctuary , and together with Roberts conceived the idea of building an ultra-exclusive club in the more temperate south where monied New Yorkers could head for retreat and rounds of golf in the sun . Building a national treasure Augusta , Georgia , was familiar to both men . Roberts had completed his First World War training at the town 's Camp Hancock facility , while Jones had a house nearby . Roberts raised $ 70,000 to buy a pre-Civil War , 365-acre Indigo plantation , and the pair invited British designer Dr. Alister Mackenzie to set out a golf course . "  They built it for a dime , and got all their labor and materials for practically nothing , " said Sampson . "  When they finished they declared bankruptcy , reorganized and gave themselves a new name . " The big sell Augusta was ready in just 124 days , but it took a lot longer to sell the prospect to an America in the grips of recession . "  Thanks to the Depression , the duo  Roberts and Jones  failed to attract many early takers , and the club teetered on the brink of bankruptcy for years , " wrote Cameron Morfit , in Golf Magazine . In 1933 , Roberts invited a group of wealthy business types to travel down from New York by train . He paid for everything , and the carts were stocked generously with prohibition-flaunting whisky . But his greatest trick was launching the event that would put Augusta on the map . A new kind of tournament It started life as the Augusta National Invitational in 1934 , before Roberts finally convinced Jones on a name befitting of the tournament 's elitist home -- The Masters . Jones came out of retirement to play , and Roberts was made chairman . He immediately set about putting his stamp on the event . "  He changed the locations of perimeter mounds to improve gallery viewing . He was the first to use a series of leader boards placed throughout the course . He also devised a system for showing the cumulative score of each player , " the history of the Masters on the official web site reads . Friends in high places The Masters gave Roberts new influence . In 1948 he invited a five-star general named Dwight Eisenhower to visit Augusta . Roberts would ultimately serve as Eisenhower 's political and financial advisor , and -- according to Sampson 's research -- help illegally distribute funds to the Republican party en route to his election as president in 1953 . "  Their relationship is told through Eisenhower 's oral history . Roberts is open about being a bag man , and carrying satchels of cash around to avoid paperwork and detection , " Sampson said . Iron fist in a velvet glove The Jones-Roberts relationship was widely seen as "  good cop , bad cop " partnership . Sampson called Roberts an "  iron fist in a velvet glove " , and the many stories of Roberts ruthless pursuit of perfection at the course attests to this . "  He  Roberts  hated to see a dead tree limb or anything out of place , " said Carl Jackson , who 'll caddy in his 50th Masters at the 2011 edition , in an interview with Golf.com . "  Almost every time I would see him he would wave for me . He would say , ` You go and you tell that goddamn greens superintendent that I 'm out here on number 14 and to come out here this very minute . ' " There was the incident in 1948 that Roberts ejected Frank Stranahan from The Masters for hitting additional balls in a practice round . Stranahan claimed a conspiracy against him . And the fierce control he kept over television broadcasters , from the moment The Masters went went live for the first time in 1956 with CBS persists in ethos to this day . Barriers to entry But the controversy that defined Roberts ' reign at Augusta , was unquestionably the club 's apparent reticence to embrace black players -- and black members . The PGA of America dropped their Caucasian-only clause in 1961 , but it was 14 years before Lee Elder became the first African American to compete at The Masters . In the intervening years Charlie Sifford won twice on the PGA Tour , and applied time and again to be part of The Masters field . But to no avail . Product of the different era Augusta National under Roberts occasionally was frequently compared to the Plantation it was built on . The workers were black , the caddies were black , and they politely served the white folk who played and relaxed there . But was it really any more than a reflection of the society at the time ? "  I do n't think Cliff was motivated by racial issues at all , " Sampson said . He was simply a product of the time and his environment . " The legacy of Jones and Roberts When Jones succumbed to a debilitating illness in 1971 , Roberts assumed total control of Augusta , and of The Masters . His would preside over their legacy for another five years , before terminal illness led him to end his life on the golf course that defined it . Typical of his ordered world , he had his haircut and attached the doctor 's note to a letter for his wife before shooting himself . A plaque was erected at the entrance to Augusta , and his legacy continues to be fiercely protected at every turn by the club that made him chairman in memoriam . "  Although he was a tough man , he was a person who was truly dedicated to golf and the quality and standards of the game , " Arnold Palmer reflected . "  All of us in golf appreciate what he has done for the game , " said Jack Nicklaus . "  From the time I met Clifford Roberts until his death , I never knew him to do anything that was not in the best interest of Augusta National . As a youngster -LSB- he -RSB- would ask me what I thought of something , and I would try to give him an answer . He would then research it , come back to me and say , ` Jack , we agree and we are going to fix that on the golf course . ' Or , he would tell me why they did n't agree with me . "  He was just a fun-loving guy ; a good guy . I love the story about the spoof he put on at one of the jamborees . They always said he could walk on water , and he rigged it so he could walk across the water at No. 16 . . There was an age difference but we were good friends , " Nicklaus told Golf.com	Clifford Roberts was born in Morning Sun , Iowa , and suffered the suicides of both his parents Having served in the First World War , he became a successful banker on Wall Street Roberts and amateur golfer Bobby Jones conceived Augusta National Country Club The pair founded what would become The Masters in 1934 , one of golf four majors
Mashable  -- It takes longer to read books on a Kindle 2 or an iPad versus a printed book , Jakob Nielsen of product development consultancy Nielsen Norman Group discovered in a recent usability survey . The study found that reading speeds declined by 6.2 percent on the iPad and 10.7 percent on theKindle compared to print . However , Nielsen conceded that the differences in reading speed between the two devices were not "  statistically significant because of the data 's fairly high variability " -- in other words , the study did not prove that the iPad allowed for faster reading than the Kindle . A total of 24 participants  10 is about average for a usability survey  were given short stories by Ernest Hemingway to read in print and oniPads , Kindles and desktop PCs . Hemingway was chosen because his work utilizes simple language and is "  pleasant and engaging to read . " The narratives took an average of 17 minutes and 20 seconds from start to finish -- enough time to get readers fully "  immersed " in the stories , Nielsen explained . After reading , participants filled out a brief comprehension questionnaire to make sure no one had skimmed through a story . Users rated their satisfaction with each device ; the iPad , Kindle and printed book scored 5.8 , 5.7 and 5.6 , on a scale of 7 , respectively , while the PC received an average score of 3.6 -- due , in part , because reading on a PC reminded readers of work . Participants also complained about the weight of the iPad and the Kindle 's weak contrast . As Nielsen notes , the satisfaction ratings on the survey are promising for the future of e-readers and tablet devices . However , I can see universities and businesses taking less kindly to e-readers if further studies prove that they handicap reading speed . What do you think of the results ? Do you prefer to read on an e-reader , tablet or in print -- and why ? © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	It takes longer to read books on a Kindle or an iPad versus a printed book , a study found Reading speeds declined by 6.2 percent on the iPad and 10.7 percent on the Kindle Some people might shy away from e-readers if further studies prove they affect reading speed
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico 's tourism director on Wednesday downplayed the risk of violence facing tourists , despite warnings for travelers to think twice about visiting the country . A cliff diver jumps from "  La Quebrada " cliff in Acapulco , Mexico . The diving is a popular tourist attraction . "  In all parts of the world , you have to be careful with what you do , " Oscar Fitch told CNN en Espanol . "  What I am saying is there are very safe zones and there are zones that are not safe . " In recent days , the United States , Canada , France , Italy and Germany have issued alerts about travel to Mexico , where drug violence was blamed for more than 5,400 killings last year . The warnings appear to have had little effect , according to Mauricio Baranda , Mexico country manager at Carlson Wagonlit Travel . "  For our part , we have detected no significant drop because of that type of situation , " he said . "  Much more significant is the reduction -LSB- in travel to Mexico -RSB- because of the financial crisis . " In an unusual move , the U.S. State Department issued a travel alert last month targeting spring break travelers , for whom Mexico is a popular destination . "  The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern , " the alert said . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008 . Additionally , this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008 . " Watch as troops roll into Juarez and officials say it 's working " Some students appeared to be paying attention . "  I think that , if there is a big problem in Mexico , they -LSB- students -RSB- should go somewhere else , because you never know what is going to happen , " said Nereida Solis , a student . "  I think it would be a good idea to consider security things , " added Karen Velasquez , another student . But student Aaron Cutler was more fatalistic . "  That 's life , " he said . "  There is violence in Israel , there is violence in India . I do n't know much about the situation and how it has turned out . I ca n't comment much , but if people want to go , people are going to go . " Mexican authorities said the country remains a preferred destination for U.S. vacationers , but acknowledged that the warnings may lead some of the 18 million who typically visit their neighbor south of the border to find another place to go this year .	United States , Canada , France , others have issued alerts about travel to Mexico Mexican tourism director says visitors should n't worry , just stay alert Official : "  There are very safe zones and there are zones that are not safe " Travel company says economy , not perceptions of violence , is hurting most
CNN  -- Emmanuel Adebayor scored a header in each half , while Angel Di Maria and Cristiano Ronaldo added further goals , as Real Madrid overpowered 10-man Tottenham 4-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal at the Bernabeu . Real boss Jose Mourinho is attempting to become the first coach in history to win three Champions League titles with three different clubs , and he remains on course to achieve that feat after this comfortable victory . The home side had the perfect start when they took the lead in the fourth minute -- Adebayor climbing above the Spurs defense to head home a Mesut Ozil corner , with goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes and Luka Modric getting in each other 's way as they attempted to clear the ball on the goalline . Tottenham 's task was made even harder when England forward Peter Crouch was sent off in the 15th minute . Booked early on for a sliding tackle , Crouch committed an almost identical foul on Marcelo to receive a second yellow card to leave the visitors with a mountain to climb . And Real made Tottenham pay for Crouch 's indiscipline with a second goal 11 minutes after the break , Adebayor converting another header from Marcelo 's left-wing cross . It continued former Arsenal striker Adebayor 's superb scoring record against Tottenham , with the Togo international having now netted 10 goals in 10 games against Spurs . Adebayor almost made it a hat-trick of headed goals in the 66th minute when he rose at the far post to meet Lassana Diarra 's cross , but Gomes did superbly to parry the ball over the crossbar . But , by now , the home side were piling on the pressure and they scored the goal of the night in the 72nd minute with Di Maria curled a delightful left-foot shot into the top corner . And Real added a fourth with three minutes remaining when Ronaldo , who had been doubtful to start the match because of injury , scored from an acute angle , although his weak shot appeared to go straight through Gomes . The result means Real Madrid now have one foot in the semifinals and a potential last four encounter with bitter rivals Barcelona in what could be one of the most anticipated pair of matches in European football history .	Real Madrid overpower 10-man Tottenham 4-0 in Champions League quarterfinal Emmanuel Adebayor scores twice with Andel Di Maria and Cristiano Ronaldo also netting Tottenham have Peter Crouch sent off in the first half for two sliding tackles The result leaves Real Madrid on target for a semifinal clash with rivals Barcelona
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The 1992 Hollywood movie "  Lorenzo 's Oil , " depicts the true story of Lorenzo , a five-year-old boy who suffered from adrenoleukodystrophy  ALD  , a rare and incurable disease that slowly destroys the entire nervous system . Michaela Damin and her son , Nick , who suffers from an extremely rare disease that affects the heart . The movie showed how Lorenzo 's grave physical and mental decline was finally stopped when his tireless parents found a treatment based on a mixture of oils , despite skepticism from doctors . The film illustrated perfectly the struggle faced by patients suffering from any of 6,000 known rare conditions worldwide , generally known as orphan diseases . Michaela Damin , founder of the Barth Syndrome Trust , whose son , Nick , suffers from this crippling syndrome that affects the heart and immune system and only has 130 known sufferers worldwide , told CNN : "  It can take years to get the correct diagnosis and even then there may be no expert who knows what to do next . " The fact remains that rare diseases are still mostly overlooked by pharmaceutical companies because of the small patient population and lack of financial incentives . Drug companies tend to focus on the more lucrative "  blockbuster drugs " for common diseases , at the expense of cures for rare conditions . The term "  orphan drug " was originally coined because the pharmaceutical industry took little or no interest in discovery , development and marketing of drugs for rare diseases . According to the European Organization for Rare Diseases , rare diseases affect between three and five percent of the population in developed countries . In the European Union , a disease is considered rare if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people , while in the United States the disease must affect fewer than 200,000 people . Many countries , such as the United States , Japan and the United Kingdom , have therefore attempted to encourage pharmaceutical companies to invest in orphan diseases by giving them tax incentives , fee reductions and extensions of patent rights . The United States was the first country to develop an orphan drug law in 1983 , followed by Japan and Australia . In 1997 , the Australian Orphan Drugs policy was set up to help manufacturers overcome the high cost of marketing drugs which have not proved to be commercially viable . Since 1998 , the EU has also devoted time and resources to rare diseases and passing laws that have led to more research and development in the field . But even when treatments are developed , they generally remain extremely expensive . See where to get help for rare diseases " Genzyme , one of the pharmaceutical companies that focuses primarily on rare diseases , has long charged more than $ 300,000 a year for patients on Cerezyme , a drug used to treat Gaucher disease , an extremely rare condition that causes bone deterioration , among other symptoms . Do you know someone who has a rare disease ? Tell us in the Sound off below or send us an iReport Only about 5,000 people around the world are taking Cerezyme . Genzyme says that justifies the high price . See images of children living with rare diseases " "  The cost of developing therapies for very rare diseases is not substantially lower than those for common diseases and can take years , " Steve Bates of Genzyme told CNN . In their 2005 book on orphan drugs , Daniel Hagn and Oliver Schoffski wrote that on average , only one of 5,000 to 10,000 substances tested gets as far as market authorization and that it takes eight to 12 years and $ 895 million  $ 1.2 billion  to develop and market a new drug . Bates said Genzyme needs to recoup those high costs and that profits are the motive for further research : "  Our profits are then re-directed into research for new drugs . " Genzyme 's global revenue in 2008 was $ 4.6 billion , Bates told CNN . A spokeswoman for French drug firm Hoffmann-La Roche told CNN : "  There is a Roche Working Group on orphan diseases , but not a separate department . " She declined to say how much the company 's resources were allocated for research into the diseases . While Pfizer spokesman Oliver Stohlmann told CNN in a written statement : "  Pfizer is one of the leading companies in terms of approved orphan drugs in Europe . It currently has four marketed medicines out of 50 on the EU orphan drugs register . "  Pfizer also has a new cancer therapy that was originally developed for a very rare tumor type but is now being tested in more common forms of cancer , " he added . Campaigners for rare disease causes say the prohibitively high costs of orphan drugs is a major concern for sufferers , who are often forced to pay for their own treatments . Peter Saltonstall , president of the National Organization for Rare Disorders  NORD  , which represents nearly 30 million Americans who have rare diseases , told CNN : "  The biggest issue for us moving forward is that people are able to afford to pay for treatment . " -LSB- In the U.S. -RSB- most rare disease therapies are expensive and patients are being forced to pay for things out of pocket because of lifetime caps on insurance . " In the United Kingdom , the National Health Service  NHS  subsidizes many of the drugs for rare diseases , but not in all cases . The drugs need to pass certain stringent rules , such as fairness of asking price and effectiveness of the drug . Dr. Ed Jessop of the UK 's NHS said he believes these drugs should only be subsidized if they "  are dramatically effective , work in virtually every patient and if we believe we are paying a fair price . " Some patients therefore still end up footing the bill for drugs that have been deemed too expensive or not effective enough . Alastair Kent , President of the UK 's Genetic Interest Group  GIG  told CNN that is why the price of treatment should reflect the input gone into developing the product . But , he said , "  there are currently no mechanisms to see if the price of some treatments is fair " Kent would therefore like to see more publicly funded research . He also believes pharmaceutical companies should share the knowledge they do n't use : "  There is a lot of knowledge in the private sector that just gets filed away and we need to find ways to get that knowledge out . " In the meantime , however , Kent is campaigning for the UK to sign a European Union resolution to be passed on June 8 and 9 that calls for member states to create national plans on rare diseases . He hopes a national plan will ease some of the burden that is currently carried by patients . It would lead to better communication between the various bodies that deal with rare diseases and enhance care , Kent said . But for the moment , Michaela Damin of Barth Trust explained , patients still need to take matters in their own hands : "  Proper communication is really lacking and some of our conditions are so rare , that in the end , we have to become the expert on our own conditions . "	More than 6,000 known rare diseases worldwide 30 million Europeans have a rare disease at some point in their lives Small number of patients per disease means pharmaceuticals pay little notice EU resolution to be passed in June calls for national plans on rare diseases
CNN  -- Five U.S. soldiers facing murder charges in the deaths of three Afghan civilians earlier this year have now been charged with "  conspiracy to commit premeditated murder , " and seven more soldiers have been charged in connection with the probe into the incidents . The five facing murder charges are Pfc. Andrew Holmes of Boise , Idaho ; Spc. Adam Winfield of Cape Coral , Florida ; Spc. Michael Wagnon of Las Vegas , Nevada ; Spc. Jeremy Morlock of Wasilla , Alaska ; and Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs of Billings , Montana . They are from the 5th Stryker Brigade . The alleged killings took place at or near Forward Operating Base Ramrod in southern Afghanistan 's volatile Kandahar province . In June , the five were charged with murder . Holmes was accused of killing Afghan civilian Gul Mudin in January with a grenade and rifle . Winfield is accused of killing civilian Mullah Adahdad in May in a similar manner . Wagnon is accused of shooting to death Marach Agha in February . Morlock and Gibbs each were charged with three counts of murder and one count of assault involving the same victims as in the cases against Holmes , Wagnon and Winfield . On Wednesday , the military added conspiracy and other additional charges against the five . Morlock , Holmes , and Winfield were charged with wrongfully using a Schedule I controlled substance . Charges were also filed against seven other soldiers from the 5th Stryker Brigade , the military said Wednesday , but none involve murder or conspiracy to commit murder . The seven are Staff Sgt. Robert Stevens , Sgt. Darren Jones , Cpl. Emmitt R. Quintal , Staff Sgt. David Bram , Pfc. Ashton A. Moore , Spc. Adam Kelly and Spc. Corey Moore . All were charged with conspiracy-related and other charges . Stevens and Ashton Moore were charged with conspiracy to commit aggravated assault with a dangerous weapon . Jones was charged with conspiracy to commit assault and battery and conspiracy to commt aggravated assault with a dangerous weapon . Quintal , Bram , Kelly and Corey Moore were charged with conspiracy to commit assault and battery . Stevens was charged with wrongfully and wantonly engaging in conduct likely to cause death or bodily harm to other soldiers . Jones , Quintal , Bram , Kelley and Corey Moore were charged with unlawfully striking another soldier .	The case stems from the killing of three civilians The soldiers are from the 5th Stryker Brigade Charges are filed against seven others as well
CNN  -- Hundreds of student protesters barricaded inside Taiwan 's Legislature for the past four days say they are disappointed by the government 's failure to respond to their ultimatum Friday . The demonstrators , mostly university students , are protesting against the ruling party 's push for a trade pact with China , which they claim will hurt the island . The movement has been dubbed the "  Sunflower Revolution " by Taiwanese media . The group leading the protest -- The Coalition of Student and Civic Groups against the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement -- announced the ultimatum on Thursday , demanding that President Ma Ying-jeou withdraw the controversial trade agreement and issue an apology by noon Friday . As the deadline passed , no direct response from Ma was given , and student protesters appeared on Taiwanese television expressing their disappointment . They said they would continue to occupy Legislature and would announce their next move at a press conference to be held at 6 p.m. local time  E.T. 6 a.m.  Friday . The protesters entered the main assembly hall inside the Legislative Yuan in Taipei on Tuesday night and blocked the entrances with chairs , according to images and accounts filed from the scene with CNN iReport . Police responded but had not dispersed the protesters , who also filled the streets around the Legislature in the center of Taipei . By March 19 , Taiwan 's state news agency reported that 38 police officers were injured when more than 400 protesters took over the Legislature . Four protesters were arrested in two unsuccessful attempts to evict them , the news agency reported . Police said there were more than 2,000 protesters both inside and outside the building , with a equal number of officers on the scene . "  We do not want to clash with the police , " said protester and iReporter Shanny Chang , 19 . "  We just have to let the government know that never try to fool the people . " One CNN iReporter said that after the protesters took over , hundreds gathered outside the building , with some making speeches and singing songs . In a video , a young woman sings Bob Dylan 's song "  The Times They are a-Changin ' , " which many associate with the protest spirit of the 1960s . "  She played the Dylan song because she thinks the lyrics match the ongoing events happening in Taiwan , " said iReporter George Chang , 24 , who shot the video . "  Bob Dylan is n't really that popular in Taiwan , especially not to the 8th grade generation , what Taiwanese call children born after 1991 , but to the older generations I think he is n't a stranger to them . " The trade pact was signed last year in Shanghai to ease investment and trade between the two longtime adversaries , mainland China and Taiwan . But opponents have voiced concerns that not only will Taiwan 's economy be hurt as businesses and investments flow to China , but the island 's democratic system could be undermined by closer ties with the mainland . "  The trade agreement was not supervised by the people of Taiwan , and benefits only big companies and harnesses our jobs , " Chang wrote . "  But I do agree we need to open Taiwan to the world , even China too . But NOT this way , not by signing an agreement that is not fair to us and was negotiated by people who have no profession in these territories . We must rewrite the agreement and make it work for the both of us , towards a peaceful future between the strait of Taiwan . " An iReporter identified as kwarrior , an Asian-American living in Taiwan , wrote that the government 's handling of the trade agreement "  was unconstitutional and a blatant violation of the people 's rights . ... I care deeply because my parents are Taiwanese and they always loved their nation like no other . I am personally affected because I value the rights of the people to voice and make changes in a democratic country . " In a statement , Amnesty International urged security forces to show restraint . "  The situation is clearly tense . ... While police have a duty to maintain order and to protect the safety of the public , the response must only be proportionate to the threat . Force should only be used as a last resort . The authorities must ensure the rights of all those protesting are upheld and respected , " said Roseann Rife , the group 's East Asia research director . Last month , Taiwan and China held their highest-level talks in more than six decades , marking the first government-to-government contact since the pair 's acrimonious split in 1949 . Wang Yu-chi of Taiwan 's Mainland Affairs Council , which oversees the island 's China policy , met with his mainland counterpart , Zhang Zhijun of China 's Taiwan Affairs Office . After the meeting , China 's state news agency Xinhua said the two sides had agreed to open a regular communication channel . "  We should both be resolute to not let cross-strait relations suffer any more twists and turns and never let  the relationship  go backward , " Zhang was quoted as saying . Previous contact between the two sides has been conducted through semi-official foundations or through political parties , not by government ministers acting in their official capacities . Beijing considers Taiwan a breakaway province and has never ruled out the use of force to achieve reunification . Taiwan also calls itself the Republic of China . Relations between the two sides have improved since Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou came to power in 2008 . On Wednesday , Ma called for the passage of the trade pact . CNN 's Rachel Rodriguez , Maggie Blaha and Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	Student protesters ' ultimatum to Taiwan 's government passes without a response The protesters have occupied Taiwan 's Legislature for four days to protest a trade pact The pact is intended to ease investment and trade between Taiwan and China
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- One man was gored in the abdomen and another suffered facial injuries on the third day of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona , Spain , a hospital doctor told Spanish state television Wednesday . A fighting bull leaps over a fallen runner at the Mercaderes curve during the running of the bulls . A 22-year-old Californian , who was gored , was taken to a hospital and was "  stable and conscious , " said the doctor , Ignacio Yurss , medical director of Hospital de Navarra . The patient 's name was not released . The man who suffered facial injuries comes from Greece and was injured in the nose , Yurss added . The latest injuries bring to 20 the number of runners who have been hurt in the first three days of the running . Watch the running of the bulls in Pamplona " Two of those were due to bull gorings -- the Californian gored Wednesday and a Spaniard gored Tuesday . The other 18 injuries resulted from falls or collisions , the regional government of Navarra reported . Ten of the injured are Spanish . The other 10 include three Americans and one each from England , Australia , New Zealand , Greece , South Africa , South Korea , and Romania , the Navarra government said . Many of the 20 have already been released from the hospital . The running of the bulls in Pamplona started 400 years ago and became popular worldwide after Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in the 1920s . The running is held for eight consecutive days , July 7 to 14 , as six bulls and a pack of tame steers run from the corrals through Pamplona 's old town to the bull ring , where the bulls will die later in the day in a bullfight . A total of 13 people have been killed in the runs since 1924 , when record-keeping began . The last was a 22-year-old American gored to death in 1995 . The runs begin off at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  each day , with a few thousand runners participating daily , although crowds swell at the weekend .	One man gored in the abdomen , another facially injured at Pamplona bull run Californian and Greek hospitalized following event , now more than 400 years old Latest injuries happened on the third of eight scheduled runs in the Spanish city NEW : Twenty people injured so far this year ; last fatality was an American in 1995
CNN  -- The mother of an Ohio-born man is "  hanging on by a thread " after her son disappeared earlier this month in violence-wracked Syria , according to family members . Obada Mzaik , a dual American and Syrian citizen , went missing on January 3 after he traveled with his brother on a flight from Detroit to Damascus , his uncle , Dr. Firas Nashef , told CNN . Mzaik was studying civil engineering at a private university in the Syrian capital and had planned to pursue a master 's degree in the United States , his uncle said . The 21-year-old student was born in Columbus , Ohio , but moved with his family back to Syria when he was child . He had enrolled in a seasonal program at a Michigan community college . His uncle said Mzaik returned to Syria earlier this month with his brother , Obaie Mzaik , to visit family and prepare for the start of the new semester in Damascus . The 19-year-old brother said that upon their arrival , they were detained by security officers for questioning , according to Nashef . The younger brother was soon released , but the officers kept Obada Mzaik for further questioning . "  In his mind , he was expecting to see his brother in the morning , " said Nashef . "  But that never happened . " Mzaik 's family is now fearing the worst . "  We hear some horrendous stories from over there , " said Nashef . "  And my sister is hanging on by a thread , " he said of the missing student 's mother . "  We 're all hanging on with a bit of hope . But she 's angry and she has no information . " This month 's arrest is n't the first time the 21-year-old has been detained by Syrian security forces . Last summer , he was arrested and held for 37 days for "  spreading fliers about the revolution , " according to his uncle . A Facebook page , meanwhile , is calling for Mzaik 's release . The U.S. State Department also weighed in Tuesday , saying it 's aware of reports of his disappearance . "  We are working with local authorities to ascertain  Mzaik 's  welfare and whereabouts , " said State Department spokesman Noel Clay . Mzaik is at least the second U.S. citizen to have disappeared this month in Syria , raising questions as to whether the missing men could usher in a more public State Department presence in the restive country . Abdelkader Chaar , 22 , is thought to have been arrested in Aleppo , Syria , five days after Mzaik disappeared . Chaar was born in Syracuse , New York , moved to Aleppo with his parents when he was a boy and is a medical student at Aleppo University , his uncle said . His family has not been told why he was arrested , said Sam Chaar , who spoke to CNN from Arizona . Read more about the arrest of Chaar The disappearances of both men come as anti-government demonstrations raged throughout the country . Protesters last week focused their attention on political prisoners and demanded the release of detainees . At least 10 people were slain in clashes Friday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition activist group . For more than 10 months , Syria has been in the throes of an anti-government public uprising and a brutal security crackdown against protesters . The United Nations last month estimated more than 5,000 deaths since mid-March . Opposition groups estimate more than 6,000 people have died . Also , the Arab League is extending its monitoring mission to see whether the government is adhering to an agreement to end the violence . Arab League extends its mission in Syria The Arab League has called on President Bashar al-Assad 's regime to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely around Syria .	Obada Mzaik , a dual American and Syrian citizen , went missing on January 3 The 21-year-old student was born in Columbus , Ohio ; he was in Syria with his brother He is at least the second American citizen to have gone missing in Syria this month Mzaik 's family back in the United States is now fearing the worst
London , England  CNN  -- Exactly five years after the suicide bombings on the London transport network killed 52 people , a woman who lost her legs in the attacks was flying to the United States as a Paralympic hopeful . London 's Martine Wright is competing this week in the world championships for sitting volleyball , a sport she says has given her confidence , helped her recover , and now makes her excited for the future . "  I ca n't not think about the anniversary , " Wright told CNN at London 's Heathrow Airport , as the team was about to depart . "  It 's just another weird coincidence that I 'm here on the 7th . I 'm flying out to do an absolute dream opportunity and I ca n't get away from the fact that it 's happened on the 7th of the 7th . That date seems to be quite significant in my life . " Wright is on Britain 's first-ever women 's sitting volleyball team , and the 2010 championships in Edmond , Oklahoma , are seen as an important training ground for the 2012 Paralympic Games , which will be held in her hometown . "  Now I 'm flying out representing my country to do a sport which , if you would have said this to me five years ago , I would have thought you were absolutely mad , " Wright said . Wright , 37 , used to be an international marketing manager and traveled a lot . She was headed to work on July 7 , 2005 , when a suicide bomber blew himself up on a subway train near London 's Aldgate Tube station . It was one of four locations bombers struck that day . Britain remembers London terror attacks In addition to losing both of her legs , Wright suffered a fractured skull and severe arm injuries . She was one of the most seriously hurt of the more than 770 people wounded that day . She says it 's her duty to those who did n't make it that day to achieve all that she can . "  I 've got to grab every opportunity for every single one that did n't survive that day , " she said . "  I think it 's my duty to go out and live life to the full , really . " Just a day before the attacks , Wright watched with her colleagues on large TV screens as London was awarded the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games . She said she knew her colleagues were watching those same TV screens for news about the bombings a day later as she lay wounded . She tried going back to work for a few months after the attacks , but found her priorities had changed . She wanted to spend more time with her family , which now includes a one-year-old son whose original due date was July 7 , 2009 .  He was born eight days late . It was at a "  taster " day for disabled sports that Wright first sampled sitting volleyball , a version of the sport that allows anyone to play , including those with a disability . "  What I love about it is , number one , I 'm not in my chair , " she said . "  You play on the floor so all you need is a ball and a net and your bottom , basically . " International volleyball rules apply in the sitting version , with certain amendments for disabled players : During play , a player must touch the court with some body part between the buttocks and the shoulders , and players are allowed to block serves . The sport is also played on a smaller court with a lower net than the more common version . The men 's event has been part of the Paralympics since 1980 and the women 's since 2004 , according to the British Volleyball Federation . Last month , Wright won a place on Britain 's squad , whose members say they 're determined to compete at the Paralympics in two years ' time . "  It 's a phenomenal achievement because the program is so new , " said team captain Emma Wiggs . "  It 's so exciting to be part of something as new and as promising as I believe our squad is , but quite daunting to think we 're going to be facing teams that are far more experienced than we are . " Britain 's women 's team faces stiff competition in Oklahoma from countries like China , Russia , and Eastern European countries , Wiggs said . Vice captain Andrea Green said she was feeling the butterflies in her stomach but believed the team could perform well . "  We 're just a good unit , really , " Green said . "  We 're all very positive , we all stick together , we 're a nice group , we get on well together . So our strength , really , is that we 're all determined to enjoy the games and learn as much as we can . " Even if the team does n't win , Wright said , they 're looking ahead to 2012 and hoping to represent their country on home soil . "  On that day five years ago it was such a negative thing that happened in London , " she added , "  so for me to go back to London and return on such a high would just be fantastic , and it would seem like I 've gone full-circle as well . "	Martine Wright lost both legs in 2005 London bombings She is now a member of Britain 's sitting volleyball team Team is headed to Oklahoma for world championships this week Wright says she wants to compete at 2012 London Paralympics
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea is planning a nuclear test in the area where it has staged previous atomic blasts , according to a report from South Korean intelligence officials obtained by CNN . The intelligence report has come to light as North Korea gets ready to carry out a rocket launch this week , a move that would further strain ties between the reclusive , nuclear-armed state and other countries . The launch is scheduled to take place just months after the ascendancy of its new leader . The South Korean intelligence report says it is probable that after the long-range rocket launch , North Korea will use the ensuing international condemnation as an excuse to go ahead with the nuclear test in Punggye-ri , the site in the country 's northeast where the other two tests were conducted in 2006 and 2009 . The report , which said such a test would be considered a grave provocation , includes satellite images that it says were shot recently and show the final stages of a tunnel being dug at the site . The photos show an unusual pile of earth and sand near the opening of the tunnel , and the report says this pile has been growing in size since March . North Korean state media outlets have not made an announcement regarding any plans for a new nuclear test . On Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the rocket launch would further isolate the country . "  We view the potential rocket launch as a very provocative act that would be , if it were conducted , done in direct violation of North Korea 's international obligations , " he told reporters . "  Any further underground testing would be a provocative action ... in each case , this would be an indication of North Korea 's decision , at the leadership level , not to take the steps that are necessary to allow North Korea to end its isolation , to rejoin the community of nations and to do something about the extreme poverty and deprivation that its people suffer from because of the nature of the system they live under and the isolation that they have brought on themselves . " He added , "  I do n't have any specific communications involving the president to report out to you today , but we are very focused on this . " Such an act by Pyongyang "  would make it virtually impossible for the United States to provide the nutritional assistance that we had planned to provide . " A university official sees North Korea 's latest moves as calculating . "  Once again this shows ... they know how to manipulate the world , " said Andrei Lankov of Seoul 's Kookmin University . "  If they do a missile launch and in a few months a successful nuclear test , especially a uranium-based nuclear device , it will send a very strong message to the world . The same message they always want to deliver : We are here , we are dangerous , unpredictable and it 's better to deal with us by giving us monetary and food concessions . " In private meetings brokered in part by China , North Korea in February agreed to stop nuclear tests , uranium enrichment and long-range missile launches in exchange for resumption of U.S. food aid . A launch and a test , if carried out , could also derail recent efforts to reconvene the multilateral talks , known as six-party talks , on denuclearizing North Korea . "  We believe , in particular , that China joins us in its interest in seeing a denuclearized Korean peninsula , and we are continuing to encourage China , in particular , to act more effectively in that interest , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters in Washington . Pyongyang agreed to curtail its nuclear activities in exchange for aid in an agreement reached in talks in September 2005 . The deal fell apart after North Korea conducted nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 and later disclosed a previously unknown uranium enrichment program that provided a second path to a bomb , in addition to the already known plutonium program . The country has designated 2012 as a year of strength and prosperity to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the communist state . His birthday next Sunday , known as the "  Day of the Sun , " is a key public holiday on the North Korean calendar . Last month , Pyongyang announced it would launch a rocket carrying a satellite sometime between this Thursday and the following Monday to mark the occasion . The North Korean government says the operation is for peaceful purposes . But Japan , the United States and South Korea see the launch as a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test . The South Korean intelligence report noted that shortly before the last two nuclear tests , North Korea launched what it said were satellites into orbit . The act of firing the long-range rocket would breach U.N. Security Council resolutions . Japan has said it will shoot down any part of the rocket that enters its territory . The planned launch is scheduled to take place less than four months after Kim Jong Un became "  supreme leader " of North Korea , succeeding his father , Kim Jong Il , who died in December . Analysts are trying to gauge how much influence the younger Kim , thought to be in his late 20s , wields . Senior officials in the regime , including Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Taek , are considered to exert considerable sway on policy . North Korea granted a rare glimpse Sunday of its preparations for the rocket launch , taking a group of journalists to the Sohae Satellite Launching Station in Tongchang-ri , in the northwest part of the country . "  If you look for yourselves with your own eyes , then you can judge whether it 's a ballistic missile , or whether it 's a launch vehicle to put a satellite into orbit , " Jang Myong Jin , head of the launch site , said through a translator . "  That 's why we 've invited you to this launch site . " Journalists -- who were not allowed to take laptops or cell phones to the site , but were permitted to shoot video -- were shown the control center and the satellite that officials said would be shot into space . The rocket itself is 30 meters , or about 100 feet , long . It was white , with red and blue paint . International leaders have urged North Korea to cancel the launch , but Pyongyang has refused to back down , insisting that it needs the satellite to gather information on its crops , forests and weather . An independent European analyst who visited the launch site said he saw nothing obvious that raised red flags . "  I do n't know what they want to do in the future , but today what we see is a space launcher , " Christian Lardier said . Bill Richardson , the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said Kim Jong Un may be trying to consolidate his leadership by sending a message to two audiences -- to the international community , he may be trying to establish himself as in charge . But his most important audience is the North Korean military and party leaders , he told CNN . "  He 's trying to show them that he is not going to buckle down from the United States or the six-party talks or China ; that they 're going to proceed with this launch ; that they 're going to proceed with him taking over the leadership of the country . " Richardson urged the United States not to react in haste . "  Let 's see what eventually happens , " he said . "  This is how the North Koreans operate : They try to send these huge , scary messages by these actions . " The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action and demanded that it not be repeated . China , North Korea 's closest ally and largest provider of aid , has expressed concern about the planned launch . Beijing says it has held talks with Pyongyang on the matter , but they appear to have had little effect on the North 's plans . "  China strongly encourages everyone involved to remain calm and reasonable , " said the Chinese foreign minister , Yang Jiechi , according to a report issued Monday by the official Chinese news agency , Xinhua . "  These issues need to be worked out in a diplomatic and peaceful manner . " Analysts say the planned trajectory of the multistaged rocket 's path is north to south over the Yellow Sea , with the main body of the projectile eventually landing in the Pacific Ocean near the Philippines . President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines has condemned any such launch as a "  needless provocation " that could increase tensions in Southeast Asia . CNN 's Stan Grant and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Ex-U.S. ambassador to United Nations : Do n't react hastily ; "  let 's see what eventually happens " Professor : The country knows how to "  manipulate the world " South Korea intelligence report says North Korea plans nuclear test North Korea appears to be pressing ahead with its planned rocket launch
CNN  -- Mohammed Bdaiwi , the Baghdad bureau chief of Radio Free Iraq , was shot and killed Saturday in Baghdad , police said . Bdaiwi was on his way to his office , near the residence of Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , when he was shot by a military guard after an argument between them , the radio station reported . According to his media outlet , Bdaiwi was driving his car through the guarded gate at the compound that houses his bureau as well as the presidential residence when he got in an argument with a guard . The guard shot the journalist and fled inside the compound . The guard was eventually handed over to police once Iraq 's prime minister made a surprise appearance to demand that he be taken into custody , the station reported . In addition to being a journalist , Bdaiwi was also an author and professor at a university in Baghdad . Iraq has been beset by violence over the last year . At least 10 people were killed Saturday in shootings and explosion across Iraq , police said . On Friday , at least 38 people were killed in a wave of violence . Radio Free Iraq is a branch of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty . Swedish journalist shot dead in Kabul	Mohammed Bdaiwi , Baghdad bureau chief of Radio Free Iraq , shot and killed in Baghdad Military guard is reported to have opened fire after an argument Bdaiwi was also an author and professor at a university in the Iraqi capital
CNN  -- Even as gaming begins to challenge television as a leading mass entertainment medium , the industry continues to struggle with the serialized model that 's made broadcast programming a nightly must-see for many . But a new breed of episodic games , designed to be enjoyed in short , sequential spurts , is looking to make its mark on home entertainment -- one bite-sized , downloadable installment at a time . Phoenix Online Studios ' "  The Silver Lining , " a free , fan-made tribute to Sierra 's classic "  King 's Quest " fantasy adventures , kicks off July 10 for the PC . The classically styled "  point-and click " puzzle-solving tale offers players the first chance to revisit with hero King Graham since 1998 's middling "  Mask of Eternity . " Future episodes will also be complimentary and are due for release throughout 2010 . But beyond the fact it 's a homebrew labor of love that single-handedly resurrects a dormant cult classic , the title is also significant for several reasons . It points to growing signs of life for the once-popular adventure genre , which fell on hard times during the mid - '90s , following the rise of first-person shooters and action-oriented outings . Debuting with the approval of license holder Activision , the game also illustrates the potential ability of homebrew titles to rekindle public interest in even the hoariest old series . But most importantly , following other successful running properties such as "  Sam & Max " and "  Tales of Monkey Island "  other classic adventures enjoying an unexpected resurrection  , it points to episodic games ' growing viability in a digital world . "  All platforms are now moving towards episodic content -- we 're seeing it on the PlayStation Network , Xbox Live , WiiWare and even the iPhone and iPad , " says Cesar Bittar , producer/designer on "  The Silver Lining . " "  Just like a TV show , it keeps you coming back . We feature a new setting in every episode , with new characters , new puzzles and new adventures , while at the same time moving forward the underlying plot that ties it all together . " It also makes good business sense , explains Bjorn Larsson , CEO of Legendo Entertainment , whose episodic arcade air combat series "  Pearl Harbor Trilogy " debuts for $ 7 on WiiWare as of July 5 . "  The episodic model allows us to charge less , focus on higher quality per title and better respond to player feedback between releases , " he says . "  With boxed products , it 's either go big or go home -- there 's no room for risk . Episodic lowers barriers to entry for both developers and customers , and lets game makers take more chances . " But outside of a few breakout success stories such as "  Half-Life 2 : Episode 1 , " the field of episodic game publishing largely remains an unknown quantity . Several prominent earlier releases , including "  American McGee 's Grimm " and "  Majestic , " failed to attract a significant audience despite backing from Turner Broadcasting and Electronic Arts , respectively . But I 'd argue that these titles predate streaming game delivery 's rise to mainstream prominence and the economic downturn , which has forced value-minded shoppers to turn online for smaller , more affordable gaming experiences . With marquee outings such as "  Sonic the Hedgehog 4 " due for release in multiple chunks , and massive multiplayer online games already wooing fans with episodic updates , this approach may yet persevere . "  Even blockbuster games are becoming more episodic in nature , " says Larsson . "  It just so happens that we call updates for titles like ` Grand Theft Auto IV ' and ` Alan Wake ' downloadable content  DLC  instead . "	"  The Silver Lining " is a free , fan-made tribute to Sierra 's "  King 's Quest " The game points to growing signs of life for the once-popular adventure genre "  All platforms are now moving towards episodic content , " says producer/designer
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi took the stand for the first time Tuesday and told a Myanmar court that she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home . People of Myanmar living in Japan protest for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi on May 24 , 2009 in Tokyo , Japan . "  She was very confident , very firm , very clear , " said Mark Canning , the British ambassador to Myanmar , who was among diplomats and journalists allowed to watch the proceedings . "  In a strange way , she commanded the courtroom , " he said . Suu Kyi , who is being tried on subversion charges , said she did not learn immediately that John William Yettaw swam nearly two miles and snuck into her crumbling , colonial-era bungalow on May 3 . She was told about the visitor the next day by one of two housekeepers who are her sole companions in the heavily guarded residence , where she was under house arrest . Suu Kyi 's two helpers are also on trial , as is Yettaw . "  I did n't know , " she said . "  I was upstairs . " Under questioning by a judge for half an hour , Suu Kyi said she provided Yettaw food but allowed him only to "  stay temporarily . " Yettaw left late May 5 , she said . "  He walked to the lakeside . But I do n't know which way he went , because it was very dark , " Suu Kyi said . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate also acknowledged that Yettaw , a 53-year-old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , had visited her once before last November . "  Did you report to the authority about his arrival ? " the judge asked . "  No , " she replied . Suu Kyi had earlier told supporters that she did not tell authorities about the latest intrusion because she did n't want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble . But it is this silence that the Myanmar 's military junta is trying her for . The government said Yettaw 's presence violated the conditions of Suu Kyi 's house arrest . The country 's regime rarely allows Suu Kyi any visitors , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households without government permission . Suu Kyi has been under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years -- a confinement the military junta has regularly extended . Watch the U.N. secretary general explain what he is doing for Suu Kyi " Her latest round of home detention -- after five years of confinement -- expires Wednesday , according to her supporters at home and abroad . Last week , the military began prosecuting Suu Kyi on allegations of subversion at a prison compound near Yangon . Her supporters say the move is meant to keep her confined even longer -- beyond the general elections that the junta has scheduled for next year . If convicted , Suu Kyi , 63 , could be sentenced to three to five years in prison . Before the proceedings got under way at the Insean Prison compound Tuesday , the junta said Suu Kyi 's house arrest did not expire for six more months . And though the government said it considered releasing her at the end of the term , it said it had no choice but to try her after she met with Yettaw . "  As Aung San Suu Kyi is the daughter of Gen. Aung San , the leader of our country , we were deeply thinking whether to extend her detention or not , " Police Brigadier General Myint Thein told reporters Tuesday . "  Unfortunately , a U.S. citizen entered her house for two days . She allowed and made conversation with him , gave him food . "  These kind of actions broke the law , " he added . "  This is why we have no way but to open a case . And we are very sad about this case . " Gen. Aung San played an instrumental role in bringing about the country 's independence from British colonial rule . He was assassinated in 1947 and is still revered in Myanmar . Suu Kyi 's lawyers rejected the junta 's explanation , saying the United Nations had already deemed the opposition leader 's continuing detention unlawful under Myanmar 's state protection laws . "  The U.N. has said her house arrest expired a year ago , " said Jared Genser , her U.S.-based lawyer . "  They are out of time , and they can not detain her any longer under their own law . " Thein told reporters that the pro-democracy advocate had actually been under house arrest for four-and-a-half years . The official said Suu Kyi 's house arrest officially went into effect on November 28 , 2004 . That gives the government six more months to restrict her movement , he said . Genser countered the government 's account , citing the conclusion of the U.N. Human Rights Council . The law is unclear whether detention begins from the time a person is arrested or when a detention order is issued , the council said . "  This would suggest an interpretation that you start counting from the day you begin to detain her , " Genser said . In Suu Kyi 's case , she was put under house arrest in May 2003 . "  You ca n't issue an order months later and use that as your starting point . That creates an unfair period of detention , " he said . After Suu Kyi 's testimony Tuesday , the court asked the diplomats and journalists to leave . It denied a defense request to consult with Suu Kyi privately . The court then questioned Yettaw . He is charged with violating immigration laws and trespassing . The charges carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison . A lawyer selected by the U.S. Embassy is representing him . According to Yettaw 's testimony in court Friday , he made the unauthorized trip because he had a vision that Suu Kyi would be assassinated and he wanted to warn her . He muttered to himself during the proceedings , including utterances that Suu Kyi is innocent , said Nyan Win , spokesman for Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy . Suu Kyi 's prosecution has prompted international criticism , with nine Nobel laureates -- including Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa -- calling it a "  mockery . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the charges against Suu Kyi "  baseless " and accused the junta of "  continuing resistance to a free and open electoral process . " The Nobel laureate has been the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement and the focus of a global campaign to free her . Her party won over 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 . But she was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results . The government has said next year 's scheduled elections will reintroduce democracy in Myanmar . But its plan includes a clause that forbids citizens who bore children with foreigners from running for office . That makes Suu Kyi ineligible . She married a British man and has two sons with him . CNN 's Kocha Olarn in Bangkok , Thailand , and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	Junta says Aung San Suu Kyi 's house arrest does not expire for six more months Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is on trial with American John Yettaw Suu Kyi told Myanmar court that she is not guilty , has not broken any law Yettaw is charged with violating the conditions of Suu Kyi 's house arrest
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Pakistan 's prime minister , Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani , arrived in India Wednesday to watch a Cricket World Cup match between the two archrival teams as the nuclear neighbors try to repair ties wounded by the 2008 terror attacks on Mumbai . "  We all must enjoy cricket , " Gilani told reporters after landing at Chandigarh , near Punjab 's Mohali city , which is hosting the semifinal between India and Pakistan . The Pakistani leader was watching the high-pitched match with his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh , who had invited him last week to Wednesday 's game . The South Asian rivals , which have fought three wars since the blood-soaked partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947 , have in the past too used cricket as a platform to ease relations . When cricket means more than just a match In 2005 , Singh and then-Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf saw a cricket match at a New Delhi stadium . In 1987 , Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and Pakistan Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq attended a similar game in Jaipur . Gilani 's visit came a day after his country agreed in principle to allow a tour by an Indian commission in connection with the investigations into the Mumbai assault blamed on Pakistani militant groups . In their talks Tuesday in New Delhi , Indian and Pakistani home secretaries also pledged to set up a "  hotline " on terror threats . "  Both sides agreed to set up a hotline between  the  home secretary of India and  the  interior secretary of Pakistan to facilitate real-time information-sharing with respect to terrorist threats , " said a joint statement issued at the end of their talks . More than 160 people were killed in the November 2008 siege of Mumbai that derailed a fragile peace process between the two nations . According to the joint statement , India also promised to host a Pakistani judicial panel to study the trial proceedings related to the case . "  Dates for the visit of the judicial commission from Pakistan in connection with  the  Mumbai attack trial will be conveyed by India within four  to  six weeks , " the statement read . A Mumbai court has imposed a death sentence on Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , the only surviving Pakistani gunman from the three-day terror siege of the city . Kasab 's lawyers say their client plans to challenge the sentence in India 's supreme court in New Delhi . In their discussions , Indian home secretary Pillai briefed the Pakistani side on his country 's investigations into a deadly bombing of a Pakistan-bound train , about 80 kilometers from New Delhi , four years ago . Some Hindu nationalists are now the key suspects in the 2007 firebombing on the Samjhauta  Friendship  Express train that left 68 passengers dead . The attack was initially believed to be the work of Islamist militants . "  Both sides reiterated their commitment to fight terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and reaffirmed the need to bring those responsible for such crimes to justice , " the statement said .	Several times in the past cricket has been used to ease tensions between the two nations The relationship between the two nation was frayed by the 2008 terror attack in Mumbai More than 160 people were killed in the siege of Mumbai which is blamed on Pakistani militants
EW.com  -- The "  Cougar Town " team kicked off the winter Television Critics Association press tour by serving mimosas to a ballroom of bleary-eyed critics . Sure it 's only 9 a.m. , but this is the alkie-friendly Cougar Town on stage so let the party begin . Here 's six notable quotables from the panel , with the Cougar Town team pledging Courteney Cox cleavage , some barechested Josh Hopkins and a "  naked day " episode . -- Co-creator Bill Lawrence expressed more appreciation for TBS rescuing the show for a fourth season , along with some playful knocks on his former network ABC . "  I do n't know if you 've seen them but there 's commercials for this show now , it 's insane , " he says . "  Go to New York and you 'll see the -LSB- ABC -RSB- Do n't Trust the Bâ $ " posters they 're right next to ours . " -- Lawrence and the cast repeatedly emphasized that fans should n't notice any difference in the show compared to previous seasons . "  I want them to notice no difference , " Lawrence says . EXCEPT ... "  One difference is Courteney did declare this year the year of her cleavage , " he says . Adds Cox : "  You will not see one scene where I do n't show my boobs . " Lawrence also joked , "  the big difference is we 've shifted from Brian Van Holt not wearing his shirt all the time to Josh Hopkins not wearing his shirt all the time . I think that was probably TBS ' only big note . " GET MORE EW : Subscribe to the magazine for only 33Â cents an issue ! -- TBS was n't interested in changing the show 's much-debated name . The network 's head of programming Michael Wright said : "  Cougar Town had become part of the humor ... why change something that we all appreciate that 's part of the show 's humor ... why -LSB- move away -RSB- from all the marketing that had already been done -LSB- in support of the show -RSB- . " Lawrence says he 's embraced the title at this point . -- One upcoming storyline will feature Jules Cobb  Cox  having a "  naked day " to liven up her marriage to Grayson Ellis  Hopkins  . "  One day in trying to keep our marriage alive we have a naked day , " Cox says . "  There happens to be only one spot in the whole house where I can stand and the light comes in at all angles ; step out of it , disgusting . " Lawrence says the idea was from a writer on staff who tried such a themed day with his wife . "  It was sexy for about five minutes and then it was just two middle aged people standing around naked , " Lawrence says . -- Expect the show to also keep a focus on a possible romance between Laurie  Busy Philipps  and Travis  Dan Byrd  . "  We build toward something by the end of the year , " Lawrence teases . Meanwhile Laurie 's boyfriend returns from Afghanistan , "  So no I longer have to have cybersex ... I get to actually make out with him in real life , " Philipps says . -- Lawrence says he was n't worried about having Jules get married despite the TV curse of shows declining in the ratings once a potential lead couple pairs up . "  I do n't believe in TV curses â $ " Cut to : ` Cancelled ? -LSB- After -RSB- one episode ? ' " Critics laugh . "  I think it 's just as big of a burden to do will-they-or-won ` t-they when so many people have done it so well ... once we decided the show is about adult friendship ... it felt like the organic thing to do . " See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Cougar Town " kicked off the winter Television Critics Association press tour Co-creator expressed more appreciation for TBS rescuing the show There was talk about this being the "  year of cleavage "
Santa Monica , California  CNN  -- A 26-year-old woman who had registered to take summer classes at Santa Monica College died Sunday from wounds she suffered in a shooting spree Friday that left four others , including her father , dead . Marcela Franco was with her father , Carlos Navarro Franco , 68 , in an SUV on campus when they were shot . She was going to buy textbooks at the time . Carlos Navarro Franco died ; Marcela Franco was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . Relative Alfred Creollo told CNN Sunday that Marcela Franco had died . College President Chui L.Tsang also confirmed the death . "  Her family was with her by her side , " Tsang said in a message to the school community . "  Our deepest sympathies go to the Franco family . At the appropriate time , the College will convene a campus-wide memorial . " The school has created a fund honoring the Franco family . The suspect in the shootings has been identified by Santa Monica police as John Zawahri . Authorities say he killed his father , Samir "  Sam " Zawahri , and brother , Chris Zawahri , in a Santa Monica house before carjacking a woman and firing at a public bus on Friday . How to help the family Scant details are trickling in about Zawahri , who was killed by police at Santa Monica College on Friday -- the day before his 24th birthday . The superintendent of the Santa Monica-Malibu school district said Zawahri attended a high school for students behind in academic credits in 2006 . "  We are shocked and deeply saddened by the tragedy that ... once again , shatters our nation 's confidence , " Superintendent Sandra Lyon said . Police had contact with the Zawahri in 2006 , but because he was a juvenile , authorities could n't release further information , Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said . A law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Saturday that the gunman had suffered from mental health issues . A few years ago , he was hospitalized for treatment after allegedly talking about harming someone , according to the official . It 's not clear whether the state government or his family committed him for treatment or whether he committed himself . It 's also unclear under what circumstances he was released . Authorities have found no link to domestic or international terrorism , the official added . The gunman and a family member had been enrolled in Santa Monica College as recently as 2010 . Source : Santa Monica gunman previously hospitalized for mental health Authorities believe the house was set on fire before Sam and Chris Zawahri were shot . The 13-minute shooting spree that followed spanned several parts of Santa Monica . One of the five people killed was shot outside the library of the school , college Police Chief Albert Vasquez said . That woman 's name has not been released . The assailant dressed in black and carried an assault-style rifle . Seabrooks estimated the gunman had about 1,300 rounds of ammunition during the rampage . Because he was wearing a ballistic vest and was heavily armed , "  I would say it 's premeditated , " she said . His apparently random gunfire became the nation 's latest disturbing killing spree , ending with his death in the college library and leaving this tourist beachfront city reeling with shock . Investigators are still trying to determine the motive in the shootings that also left four people wounded . iReporter : There was a body on the corner Neighbors ' stories Jerry Cunningham stepped onto her porch when she heard the shots . She saw the gunman firing at a neighboring house that was on fire . She then saw the gunman force a woman to stop her car at gunpoint . Another car approached . The gunman waved it by , Cunningham said . That driver , also a woman , hesitated for just a moment , and the gunman "  fired three shots directly into her and the car , " Cunningham said . The motorist was wounded in the shoulder , she said . Authorities said that driver was hospitalized and is in stable condition . The gunman then got into the first car and forced the woman to drive off with him , police said . During their ride , 911 calls poured in , keeping police on the gunman 's path , Santa Monica police Sgt. Richard Lewis said . As the car headed toward the campus of the community college , where 30,000 students are registered , he opened fire on a passing bus , slightly wounding three people , Lewis said . He was carrying an "  AR-15 style rifle , " pistols and more clips for the rifle , Lewis said . As the car pulled onto the campus , the man fired into Franco 's red SUV , killing him and critically wounding his daughter , police said . Franco 's vehicle crashed after the shooting . The gunman then abandoned the hijacked vehicle -- leaving the driver unhurt -- and ran , shooting at police , Lewis said . Inside a classroom Jasmine Franco , 22 , was in a classroom at Santa Monica College -- next to the library -- waiting for her English class to start at noon on Thursday . Little did she know that the gunman began his rampage at a house close to where she lives with her mother , Carmen . Jasmine Franco 's friend had left the room to fill his water bottle , and she was sitting alone when she first became aware something was wrong . "  You could hear rumbling , a lot of rumbling , " she said , describing the sounds of gunfire mixed with the stampede of people running . "  It sounded like an earthquake or something , " But her 11 classmates and the teacher appeared oblivious and continued their banter until her friend burst back in . "  His whole face was red and his veins were coming out of his neck . "  I 'm entirely serious , " Franco recalled him saying . "  There 's a shooter on campus . " He told the class he had heard a gun unload . "  He said it just sprayed and unloaded tons of rounds , " Franco said . Not knowing what to do , "  We just sat there . " The teacher left the classroom to see what he could learn and , moments later , ran back inside . "  He says , ` They just unloaded a magazine . ' " With the exception of the gunman 's father and brother , all of the other shooting victims were apparently chosen at random . CNN 's Stan Wilson reported from Santa Monica ; Michael Martinez reported from Los Angeles ; Josh Levs reported from Atlanta ; Susan Candiotti , AnneClaire Stapleton , Cheri Mossburg , Sonya Hamasaki , Tom Watkins , Chelsea J. Carter and Traci Tamura also contributed to this report .	Marcela Franco , 26 , has died , a relative and a college president say The shooting suspect is identified by police as John Zawahri His father , Samir , and brother Chris were two of the five people killed The gunman also killed a driver on a college campus and a woman near the library
CNN  -- U.S. President George W. Bush told a global climate change conference Friday that the United States will do its part to improve the environment by taking on greenhouse gas emissions . U.S. President George W. Bush Friday tells a global climate change conference "  we take this issue seriously . " "  We take this issue seriously , " he said at the Major Economies Meeting on Energy Security and Climate Change , which the White House sponsored . In his address , Bush called on "  all the world 's largest producers of greenhouse gas emissions , including developed and developing nations , " to come together and "  set a long-term goal for reducing " greenhouse emissions . "  By setting this goal , we acknowledge there is a problem , and by setting this goal , we commit ourselves to doing something about it , " he said . Watch Bush address the climate conference " "  By next summer , we will convene a meeting of heads of state to finalize the goal and other elements of this approach , including a strong and transparent system for measuring our progress toward meeting the goal we set . ... Only by doing the necessary work this year will it be possible to reach a global consensus at the U.N. in 2009 . " Bush said it will be up to each nation to "  design its own separate strategies for making progress toward achieving this long-term goal . " He said new technology , such as clean coal technology and biofuels , could help reduce greenhouse gases . He also called for more use of nuclear , wind and solar power . "  It was said that we faced a choice between protecting the environment and producing enough energy . Today we know better , " the president said . "  These challenges share a common solution : technology . " "  We must lead the world to produce fewer greenhouse gas emissions , and we must do it in a way that does not undermine economic growth or prevent nations from delivering greater prosperity for their people , " he said . "  We know this can be done , " Bush said . "  Last year , America grew our economy while also reducing greenhouse gases . " If the preliminary numbers stand , it would make 2006 the first time in Bush 's presidency that greenhouse emissions dropped . In prepared remarks this week , Assistant Secretary of Energy Karen Harbert said , "  Preliminary data for 2006 suggests an absolute reduction in energy-related carbon dioxide emissions of 1.3 percent for that year despite economic growth of 2.9 percent . " In previous years , the administration also has said its policies were reducing greenhouse emissions , but Department of Energy figures through 2005 show emission figures went up each year . The administration also said during those years it was reducing "  greenhouse emissions intensity , " a term referring to the ratio between emissions and the size of the economy . The administration said the economy was growing at a faster rate than the emissions themselves . While the White House has taken heat for its environmental policies -- including from some Republicans such as Sen. John McCain -- Bush said at the conference Friday , "  By working together , we will set wise and effective policies . " He added , "  I want to get the job done . We have identified a problem -- let 's go solve it together . " Other nations have been critical of the Bush administration 's policy on climate change after the United States withdrew from the 1997 U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change , known as the Kyoto Protocol . That protocol , which was signed by more than 150 countries , called on industrialized nations to cut greenhouse emissions in absolute terms . It did not make that demand of developing nations . The protocol expires in 2012 . Representatives of 16 countries , the United Nations and the European Union are attending this week 's two-day conference . The Bush administration has billed it as an initiative to develop a common approach to combat global warming following Kyoto 's collapse . At a Group of Eight conference in June , Bush pushed for a new framework on global gas emissions to counter the effects of global warming . Bush said he believes every nation should set its own goals . The president expressed concern that setting strict targets would damage the U.S. economy . Instead , he said , industries should enact voluntary measures . On Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice also told delegates to the global climate change conference that countries around the world must work together to combat climate change , much as they cooperate against terror and the spread of disease . "  No one nation , no matter how much power or political will it possesses , can succeed alone , " she said . "  We all need partners , and we all need to work in concert . " Rice said the United States takes climate change seriously , "  for we are both a major economy and a major emitter . " In her address to the Major Economies Meeting , Rice said an integrated response , including "  environmental stewardship , economic growth , energy supply and security and development and the development and deployment of new clean energy technology , " is the key to moving forward on the issue . E-mail to a friend	NEW : "  We acknowledge there is a problem " with gases , Bush says Bush calls on nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions "  U.S. will do its part , " Bush tells international meeting President proposes more use of clean coal technology , biofuels
CNN  -- Place a tennis ball into a yellow sock and tuck it into the back of your pants . Now start running . Congratulations ! You are a snitch . Do n't get caught , or the game ends . This is quidditch , as played by muggles . In JK Rowling 's novels , the snitch is a sort-of magical , winged squash ball , pursued by "  seeker " Harry Potter in a variety of high-stakes , airborne quidditch contests . Nobody on the UCLA campus has a magical , winged squash ball . A man with a tennis ball dangling from his shorts will have to do . "  The snitch is the surrealist aspect of the game , " concedes Sebastian Milla , former UCLA quidditch player and star of a fly-on-the-wall documentary about his sport . Mudbloods -- a title taken from the novels ' derogatory term for wizards with non-magical parents -- explores the result when you take a fictional sport and make it real . In 2005 , eight years after the publication of the first Potter book , Vermont 's Middlebury College gave birth to "  muggle quidditch , " which translates Rowling 's imaginary sport into our world . Nobody can fly , but a broom between the legs remains mandatory . Three circular goals are used at each end of the field , as per the books . Ten points are scored for getting the "  quaffle "  a volleyball  through those hoops , and 30 for catching the snitch . Where magical "  bludgers " are unavailable , they are replaced by dodgeballs thrown at rival players . Finally , and unusually , both magical and muggle quidditch are mixed-gender , full-contact sports . Becoming real The intrigue for many viewers of Mudbloods will be seeing how this sport works , and discovering who wants to play a sport so closely associated with the world of fantasy fiction . "  It 's hard to be taken seriously when people think you 're a bunch of geeks , " MIlla is heard to say as the documentary begins . Players , some of whom have never actually read the Harry Potter books , lament the disdain of athletes from other college sports . Training sessions attract intrigued crowds wielding camera phones . Filmmaker Farzad Sangari , who raised almost $ 27,000 on Kickstarter to make the documentary , says : "  If anybody actually watched it or played it , they would realize the amount of athleticism and mental dexterity it takes to play this sport . " Therein lies the dilemma for quidditch : how to take its next step and , like a sporting Pinocchio , become a real boy . Originally conceived as a light-hearted distraction for college students , the sport is easily looked down upon for its wizarding roots . Yet quidditch has almost surprised itself by creating groups of elite , dedicated , and athletic players across the United States . Ten thousand fans turned up to the last Quidditch World Cup . Nine years since the first official game , there is now a governing body -- US Quidditch -- with five full-time staff , led by commissioner Alex Benepe . "  We have 170 college club teams around the country , and most of them are official club sports who receive funding , " Benepe tells CNN . "  Teams are increasingly competitive . Players have to go to tryouts and have mandatory practices . " At college level , the sport is stronger than ever . On top of that , the first generations of college players are graduating and taking quidditch into the wider world . Those graduates are finding each other and forming what the sport calls community teams , those clubs created beyond the bounds of college . "  Community teams have grown significantly and they 're starting to get very good , " says Benepe . Tom Marks , another former UCLA player depicted as the team 's driving force in Mudbloods , adds : "  I would n't be surprised if , in the next half a decade , there was a separate league formed for community teams . "  They 're going to become these all-star teams . " ` Completely unique ' Yet for some people , this was supposed to be "  whimsical , grass-roots quidditch , " as Benepe calls it . Now , Marks is talking "  all-star teams . " Can a sport inspired by Harry Potter really turn into a professional athletic endeavor ? "  There are obviously moments where you can be nostalgic for how it started , " says Benepe . "  There are certain core elements you do n't want to change , ever -- the fact that it 's co-ed , full-contact , is completely unique and that can really change the way people look at gender . "  But it 's important that the league is always developing , and there 's something really impressive about the idea of taking this from a book and growing it into a professional and legitimate sports entity . "  Somewhere down the line , a professional league would be really cool . " Each player interviewed by CNN brought up the word "  legitimacy . " "  It 's not unique to quidditch , " says Milla . "  There are a lot of sports that people do n't really consider to be ` sport ' . "  There 's a narrow definition of sport that has a lot of things tied to it -- are the athletes paid millions of dollars ? Is it televised ? Sport is legitimized in different ways . "  I have n't met one person who has played quidditch and said , ` This is n't a sport . ' All it takes is one or two games on that broom and you 're exhausted . " For some observers , the idea of a "  snitch " with a ball dangling from their pants , running across campus to evade capture , stops quidditch being taken seriously . ` People and respect ' By contrast , Milla argues that is precisely why quidditch deserves recognition : it has something new to offer . "  The snitch is what sets quidditch apart from other sports . It makes you question what is important to you , " he says , adding that games are often won or lost thanks to highly contentious decisions regarding who did , or did not , catch the snitch . "  You are going to lose on -LSB- unfair -RSB- snitch catches , " he continues . "  So are you playing to win , or are you playing because you love this sport and your teammates and you think it 's awesome ? It makes you question what the entire point of doing these things is . "  One of the big problems we have in sport right now is that it has become so much about the winning , and paying the people who win , that it has stopped being human in a lot of aspects . "  That 's why you 're seeing a lot of domestic violence cases in the NFL , that 's why you 're seeing so much corruption in sports and sports industries . It 's this whole , ugly scene . "  That 's what I like about quidditch -- it is about teams , people , and respect . " Marks , who played alongside Milla at UCLA , hopes quidditch can hold on to its origins while maturing into a sport that 's more high-performance , and less Hufflepuff . "  There are two camps , two mindsets , " says the 23-year-old , now an assistant editor at PC Gamer . "  One is it should continue being this fun , open thing . The other is it is this aggressive sport that should be treated as such . I think it should do both . "  We should continue fostering that competitive environment because there are real athletes who really want to compete in this brand-new sport . "  But we also need to foster the ability for anyone to play . Not everybody has six hoops and 14 brooms in their back yard . The barrier to entry for quidditch is quite high . "  My hope is it becomes a competitive league on one side , and people doing this in the park on the other . I think the sport needs both sides to survive . "	` Muggle quidditch ' replicates Harry Potter 's magical sport in the real world Invented in 2005 , quidditch now supports 170 US college teams and five full-time staff Documentary follows UCLA 's quidditch team to the Quidditch World Cup Quidditch players torn between developing their sport and preserving its roots
TIME.com  -- Parents ' prescription-drug use has dangerous implications for kids . A recent study published in the journal Pediatrics shows that the rise in prescription-medication use among U.S. adults has led to more poisonings among children -- despite efforts to prevent that outcome . The phenomenon is so concerning that researchers are advising pediatricians to talk with parents about how to safely store prescription drugs away from kids of all ages . The investigators write that despite public-health interventions like educational campaigns and the introduction of child-resistant medicine bottles , between 2001 and 2008 , pediatric emergency-department visits due to medication exposures increased 30 % , while the rate of hospitalizations increased 36 % . Simultaneously , the number of U.S. adults using prescription medications has also gone up . Researchers decided to explore whether there is a connection between the two . Their findings do n't look good for child safety . Research shows that more children are being exposed to medications not intended for them , and that most of these poisonings come from consuming prescription drugs vs. over-the-counter ones . Most of these drug exposures happen in a child 's home , from medications belonging to an adult relative . TIME.com : Study : Internet access may increase prescription-drug misuse The researchers looked at two databases and compared monthly pediatric poisonings with the number of adult drug prescriptions from 2000 to 2009 . During those years , there was a rise in adult prescriptions for diabetes drugs , statins and other lipid-lowering medications as well as beta-blockers and opioids . They noted a significant association between the rise in adult prescriptions for those drugs -- including hypoglycemics , antihyperlipidemics , b-blockers , and opioids -- and poisonings among children for those specific medications . The strongest link between drugs and emergency-department visits for pediatric poisonings was connected to lipid medications and beta-blockers . Serious injuries and hospitalizations occurred most often for opioids and diabetes medications . Children under age 5 had the highest risk of poisonings , followed by 13 - to 19-year-olds . For young kids , medication poisonings are more commonly caused by unintentional consumption , but for teens , it 's more likely from recreational use . It 's not enough to keep prescription meds out of the reach of young kids ; households with teens should be equally mindful of where those drugs are stored to avoid harm and overdose from risky behavior . TIME.com : More kids accidentally ingesting marijuana following new drug policies The authors suggest that although public-health initiatives , like the 2008 Preventing Overdoses and Treatment Exposures Task Force , may be effective , kids are still being exposed at greater levels . "  Pediatricians should consult parents of patients on storing medications , focusing on how exposures vary based on the child 's age and intention . Physicians prescribing drugs to adults should also be aware of the potential risk of exposures to children and provide guidance accordingly , " the authors write . Unfortunately , adult prescription-drug use is unlikely to fall anytime soon , especially given the high obesity rates in the U.S. . Many of the drugs specifically implicated in the study , like antihyperlipidemics , oral hypoglycemics and b-blockers , are taken to treat obesity-related conditions . The researchers conclude that based on their findings , there 's a growing need for improved interventions for prescription-drug ingestion , including more age-specific prevention strategies . This study was initially published on TIME.com . More adult prescription drug use leads to increased poisonings in kids & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	More U.S. adults are using prescription medication That 's led to more emergency room visits for medication exposure Teens ' poisonings may result from recreational use instead of accidents
CNN  -- Jean-Claude Juncker is a step closer to becoming the next president of the European Commission after EU leaders approved his nomination , despite strong opposition from Britain . Herman Van Rompuy , President of the European Council , announced in a tweet : "  Decision made . The European Council proposes Jean-Claude Juncker as the next President of the European Commission . " Only British Prime Minister David Cameron and his Hungarian counterpart Viktor Orban voted against Juncker . The former Luxembourg prime minister will represent the 28-strong union globally and become the answer to the question posed by American presidents for decades : "  Who do I call if I want to call Europe ? " Negotiations over the post have been tricky . One of the most powerful European leaders , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , endorsed the former Luxembourg prime minister , who is a member of Europe 's strongest political party , the center-right EPP . Merkel and Juncker share views on closer cooperation and stricter fiscal discipline within the EU . Merkel 's endorsement was enough to defeat Cameron , who headed up a group campaigning against Juncker 's appointment in the lead-up to the summit in Brussels , arguing that Juncker was too federalist for the job . But as the decision neared , Cameron 's allies in Sweden and Denmark toned down their opposition and agreed to back Juncker for the job . When the leaders voted on the issue , Cameron found himself isolated , joined only by Hungary 's PM Orban . Cameron , facing pressures from euroskeptics at home , has criticized the EU as being "  too big and too bossy . " A European president in favor of even closer cooperation -- as Juncker advocates -- runs against Cameron 's plans to reform the UK 's position within the Union and bring some power back to London . The EU election in May saw a surge in the support of euroskeptic parties across Europe , which also complicated Juncker 's path to the top job But Juncker 's detractors have failed to come up with a viable alternative . Names floated included Christine Lagarde , the IMF chief , who rejected the idea ; and Denmark 's Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt , famed for her selfie with U.S. President Barack Obama at Nelson Mandela 's memorial service last December . But no-one emerged as a strong enough candidate to challenge Juncker and his high-powered backers . The newly elected European Parliament will hold a formal vote on Juncker when it meets next week . This interactive feature may not display properly on some mobile devices .	Europe 's leaders nominate Jean-Claude Juncker as president of the European Commission Last month , the European election revealed cracks in the continent-wide bloc Angela Merkel and David Cameron clashed over Merkel 's support for Juncker Cameron forced a vote on issue , but only Hungarian PM Viktor Orban backed him
Taking a cue from some of its competitors , Apple on Tuesday announced a smaller version of its popular iPad tablet -- the iPad Mini . And the company that introduced the concept of tablet computers to millions did n't waste any time bashing those competitor in the process . "  Others have tried to make tablets smaller than the iPad and they 've failed miserably , " said Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller . "  These are not great experiences . " At a media event , he unveiled the 7.9-inch tablet , which is 7.2 millimeters wide  the width of a pencil , Schiller said  and weighs less than 7/10ths of a pound . It will have the same display-resolution specs as last year 's iPad 2 , not the high-definition "  retina display " of the newest iPad , which also got an update on Tuesday . The iPad Mini 's display will be nearly an inch bigger than those of competitors like Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 . It will also be somewhat more expensive . The smaller iPad will start at $ 329 for a 16GB , Wi-Fi only version , ranging up to $ 659 for a 64GB model with cellular capability . Those prices are at the high end of what analysts had predicted . The new Kindle Fire HD and the Nexus 7 sell for $ 199 . Microsoft Surface tablet goes on sale for $ 499 Pre-orders for the devices begin Friday , and the Wi-Fi only iPad Mini will go on sale in stores November 2 . Models that have Wi-Fi and can connect over cellular networks will start shipping in a few weeks . The device 's screen has the same proportions as the larger iPads , meaning that apps designed for the tablet should also look good on the Mini . Apple promises 10 hours of battery life , and the Mini will have front - and rear-facing cameras like its bigger cousins . It also will have the "  lightning " connector that came new on the iPhone 5 and new iPods . "  This is n't just a shrunken-down iPad , " Schiller said . "  It 's an entirely new design . " As with other recent Apple events , today 's main announcement was n't much of a secret . Leaks ahead of the event sketched out most of the relevant details , from dimensions of the smaller iPad to what sizes it would come in . The Apple event started off with upgrades to the Mac lineup , and a joke about expectations for the day . "  You knew there would be something called ` mini ' in this presentation , did n't you ? " said Schiller , while presenting an update of the company 's smallest desktop computer , the Mac mini . It starts at $ 599 for 4 GB of RAM . Schiller opened by unveiling the new version of Apple 's top-selling MacBook , the 13-inch MacBook Pro . The new version has a high-definition "  retina display " screen for the first time and is 3/4 of an inch thick -- 20 percent thinner than the current 13-inch MacBook Pro . It weighs 3.5 pounds , making it the lightest MacBook Pro ever , Schiller said . Its price starts at $ 1,699 . Both the Mac Mini and the new MacBook Pro begin shipping today . iPad mini worth buying ? Schiller also showed off a sleeker and more powerful version of Apple 's iconic desktop , the iMac . It starts at $ 1,299 and begins shipping in November . Released only six months ago , Apple 's newest full-sized iPad also got an update , getting a faster A6X processing chip , an improved camera and , like the iPhone 5 , 4G LTE capabilities . Apple 's full-sized iPad has been a huge success and still dominates the overall tablet market , so why go small now ? The biggest demand for non-Apple tablets has been for less expensive 7-inch devices such as Amazon 's Kindle Fire , Samsung 's Galaxy Tab , Google 's Nexus 7 and Barnes and Noble 's Nook . A smaller iPad would challenge these competitors head on , combining their popular size with Apple 's killer features : the iOS operating system , Apple 's app and media ecosystem , and quality design . The Kindle Fire is great for buying books , movies and shows from Amazon , and the Nexus 7 has Google 's well-stocked Play store for media and apps . However , tablets have proven they can do more than just entertain , and customers might be drawn to the quality and quantity of Apple 's App Store selection . Developers have been creating top-notch apps for the iPad for more than two years . The smaller iPad 's screen is expected to have the same aspect ratio , so those apps would work the same on the new device . When the iPad came out , it was intended to be a consumption device . Ads for the tablet showed people reclining in various environments , clutching the iPad like a book . The spacious 10-inch screen was ideal for watching movies and TV shows , playing games , surfing the Web and otherwise consuming content . That 's how most tablet owners use their devices . Tablets are homebodies , used most often in the living room  30 % of the time according to Nielsen  followed by the bedroom  21 % of the time  . "  Fully half the time they 're using tablets , they do n't leave the couch or the bed , " said Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps . "  If you can do everything on the smaller iPad you can on the larger iPad -- that plus the added convenience of being able to take it with you more places could take the wind out of the sales of Amazon . " A smaller , lighter device is more portable , and people might not be as afraid of taking a cheaper tablet out into the big bad world where it would be less protected . That would also be a boost for Apple in the education market , which it has been courting heavily . Apple iPad Mini price gives rivals breathing room	Apple unveils smaller iPad Mini tablet Prices range from $ 329 to $ 659 , depending on storage capacity . Tuesday 's Apple event also had MacBook , iMac updates Just six months old , bigger iPad also gets a refresh
CNN  -- Sitting in the first lady 's box listening to the President Barack Obama push for movement on immigration reform , Cristian Avila no longer had to keep his head down and live in fear of being deported . While the President dedicated only a brief part of his State of the Union address to immigration , his message went beyond his speech , and the evidence was sitting among the guests invited to join the first lady in the viewing box . "  I feel honored and excited to be here . If it was n't for receiving my DACA last summer I would n't have been able to attend the State of the Union , " Avila told CNN . The 23-year-old and his siblings are just one of the many thousands of recipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  . Avila was illegally brought into the United States with his younger brother and sister when he was 9 years old DACA is a government program enacted in 2012 that stopped deporting some undocumented young people and instead granted them temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . Obama hits the road to push State of the Union message The recipients have become one of the most visible groups advocating for immigration reform . Avila caught the attention of the Obama administration during his 22-day fast on the National Mall in support of immigration reform last November . And , for the last two years , Avila 's been working as a voter engagement coordinator for Mi Familia Vota , a non-profit Latino civic engagement program . "  At the time , immigration reform seemed like it was dead . We won the hearts of the American people . We revived the conversation , " Avila said . Obama pleaded for cooperation and pointed out how getting immigration reform done this year was important for the country 's recovering economy . "  If we are serious about economic growth , it is time to heed the call of business leaders , labor leaders , faith leaders , and law enforcement -- and fix our broken immigration system , " Obama said . Without attacking House Republicans , the President described how both parties in the Senate passed a comprehensive bill last summer and said both parties in the House want to do the same . He said immigration reform would not only help the economy but shrink the deficit by almost $ 1 trillion in the next two decades . "  When people come here to fulfill their dreams -- to study , invent , contribute to our culture -- they make our country a more attractive place for businesses to locate and create jobs for everybody . So let 's get immigration reform done this year , " he said . Obama spoke of immigration reform in broad strokes but that might have something to do with the plans of House Republican leaders to outline their principles for immigration reform at a party meeting this week . Opinion : Can Obama deliver action on inequality ? "  We 're going to outline our standards , principles of immigration reform and have a conversation with members , " House Speaker John Boehner said during a news conference after a party meeting . Obama steered clear of specific immigration reform policies . There was no mention of stopping the deportations of undocumented immigrants without criminal records , despite countless pleas from activists all over the country . Avila and his siblings no longer live in fear of being deported but his parents face that threat every time they leave their homes for work . "  I grew up with the fear of being deported . My mom would always tell me to put my head down , " Avila said . "  I still have the constant fear of my parents being deported . They are fearful and targeted even though they earn their living in an honest way , " said Avila , "  One of the reasons that I keep strong is for them . " Still , Avila remains optimistic that immigration reform will happen in 2014 . "  We are closer than ever before . It should n't take any longer , " Avila said .	Sitting in the first lady 's box was DREAMer Cristian Avila "  If it was n't for receiving my DACA last summer I would n't be here , " activist said Avila caught the attention of Obama administration during his 22-day immigration fast He 's optimistic about immigration reform despite fearing his parents being deported
Suwanee , Georgia  CNN  -- A gunman in apparent financial distress took several firefighters hostage Wednesday in suburban Atlanta , then was killed in an exchange of gunfire hours later after law enforcement authorities determined he might lash out at his captives . "  It got to the point where we believed that  the firefighters '  lives were in immediate danger , " Gwinnett County police spokesman Ed Ritter said Wednesday night . "  And our SWAT team made the decision to go in there and neutralize the situation . " All four Gwinnett County firefighters who were being held hostage suffered "  superficial " injuries after authorities used explosives "  to distract the suspect to get in the house and take care of business , " Ritter explained . Their injuries were the result of the explosions , not gunfire , and all four were expected to go home by night 's end . One law enforcement officer was shot in the incident , but his injury is not considered life-threatening , according to Ritter . All those involved in the incident -- including the Gwinnett County police officer -- were in good condition as they were treated at Gwinnett Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Beth Okun said . Several have been released , she said . "  They are simply relieved that the situation is over , " said Gwinnett County Fire Department spokesman Thomas Rutledge . "  The firefighters are glad to be getting treated ... and really work on getting their lives back to normal . " The hostage situation began around 3:40 p.m. Wednesday when the firefighters went to a residence in Suwanee "  for some type of medical call , " Ritter said . Four hours later , he noted authorities still were n't sure whether that call was for a "  fake heart attack " or the gunman was actually suffering from a medical condition . One fire engine and an ambulance were sent to the scene , as is customary , Rutledge said . He explained that the firefighters involved are cross-trained as paramedics so they can provide aid to county residents in purported medical emergencies like this , which happen "  hundreds of times throughout the year . " "  This is what they do , it 's what they do very well , " said Rutledge , saying the firefighters had no reason to think this situation would turn violent . "  This call seemed to be no different ... They were caught off guard . " Five firefighters had gone inside the home -- a two-story structure , one of many in the neighborhood about 30 miles northeast of Atlanta -- with a stretcher , then a single firefighter ran out about 30 minutes later , according to neighbors . Rutledge said one firefighter was let go so he could move the fire truck from in front of the house . The house was foreclosed upon in November and was being prepared for sale , said Brad German , a spokesman for Freddie Mac . It was not clear what , if anything , that fact had to do with what unfolded Wednesday . Jake Major , an 18-year-old neighbor who used to mow the alleged hostage taker 's lawn , said he seemed "  really nice , ... like a normal guy . " His yard , though , "  was a mess  and  inside it was just as bad , " Major said . Ritter , the police spokesman , said that the unidentified gunman started making demands related to the house after taking the firefighters hostage . "  The power was turned off along with the cable and cell phone and so on , and he wanted all those things turned back on , " said Ritter , adding that "  apparently he was going through some financial issues . " Hostage negotiators were on site , as were agents from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , according to Richard Coes , a spokesman for that agency . As scores of law enforcement officers converged on the site , Major said his only hope was that everything he was hearing about the situation "  was wrong . " "  I knew that  once  it had escalated to this level , ... it was n't going to end well , " said Major , who lives about a block away . "  Whatever happened , it was n't going to end well . " Explosions rang out around 7:30 p.m. , and soon after ambulances rushed away from the scene . "  Thirty seconds later , I knew everything was OK , " said Wesley Gossan , who lived two doors down , of the sequence of big and small explosions , followed by a flurry of gunfire . "  Because the  firefighters  walked out , they took their hard hats off . " Ritter explained later that there had been an exchange of "  gunfire between officers and that individual . " "  This was his call , his decision , this was the result of his actions , " the police spokesman said . "  We did n't want it this way . But he was calling the shots . " Shooter who ambushed firefighters left note showing intent Firefighter arrives to find own house in flames Philly fire captain dies near anniversary of fire deaths CNN 's David Mattingly reported from Suwanee , and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman , Vivian Kuo and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : All those injured are in good condition and/or have been released , a hospital official says Firefighters responding to a medical call are taken hostage inside a Georgia home The hostage taker , who had financial issues , demanded utilities be turned back on He was killed in a raid by authorities ; 4 firefighters and an officer suffered injuries
CNN  -- The best summer movie ever made premiered 50 years ago this weekend . It had no sharks , robots , zombies , superheroes or alien invaders . Nobody met somebody else in cute "  rom-com " fashion and no one traveled in time . Though explosive in its way , there were no explosions ; indeed , no special effects of any kind . There was n't even much of a story ; at least not the kind with a beginning , middle or end . So what was it about ? Not much , really . Just four guys in suits running , jumping , meandering and goofing around all day from one crowded area to another in search of breathing room , all filmed in stunning black and white . "  A Hard Day 's Night , " the 1964 musical comedy that brought the Beatles -- and the global phenomenon they detonated -- to the big screen , marks its half-century with a new DVD-Blu-Ray package from the Criterion Collection , whose digitally restored version  from the original negative  is being theatrically released in more than 50 U.S. cities this weekend . 10 places to relive Beatlemania Even with all the brighter , bolder , fresher-looking Hollywood product out there over this holiday , I do n't think it 's a stretch to say that none of them will be a better experience than "  A Hard Day 's Night , " especially if you 've never seen it before . But it holds true even if you 've already seen it once , twice or too many times to count . In the end , that 's what a great summer movie is supposed to do : Make you want to go back on the ride again to experience the same thrills and , maybe , find something new to like about it . Not too many movies do that anymore . I do n't just mean there are fewer movies -- such as "  Hard Day 's Night " -- shot in black and white , or ones that dare to tell stories in the same off-the-cuff narrative line . But you 're less likely to find one now that takes chances with its material , veers into storytelling anarchy and Just Lets Go . Opinion : Why The Beatles could n't happen in today 's digital age "  Hard Day 's Night " not only knew how to Let Go , it made its audiences do it , too . In his liner notes to the new Criterion disc , critic-historian Howard Hampton uses the expression "  euphoric blur " to characterize the movie and the way it was made . Director Richard Lester , whose experience up till that point included TV sketch comedies for such antic British comics as Spike Milligan and Peter Sellers , applied such a loose , intimate and baggy texture to this mythical day-in-the-life-of-the-Beatles that those who first beheld it believed it to be almost a documentary . It was n't , except for some of the answers John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr deliver in the press-conference set piece . By the time the movie was filmed in the spring of 1964 , they 'd answered those kinds of questions hundreds of times on two continents .  INTERVIEWER : "  How did you find America ? " JOHN : "  Turned left at Greenland . " Summer rewind : Looking back at 1964 That was the other liberating , intoxicating aspect of "  Hard Day 's Night " -- its attitude . It refused to take anything , not even its subjects ' galvanic success , seriously . When rock-and-rollers such as Elvis Presley did movies , they seemed so awkwardly sincere that you wondered if they 'd misplaced the energy that made them famous in the first place . Under Lester 's "  guidance , " the Beatles showed the same brash insouciance in on-screen that they displayed in performance .  John snorting through an empty Coke bottle , Ringo deadpanning under a hair dryer while reading a magazine as the manager , Norman Rossington fumes , "  What are you up to ? " Says Ringo : "  Page five . " All this sent me to the moon and back when I was 11 , and I was allowed to see "  Hard Day 's Night " during its opening weekend in America . This would have been early August , a month after the movie 's July 6 London premiere . It was a Saturday evening , and my parents , along with others , black and white alike , in the Hartford housing project where I grew up , actually agreed to drive a bunch of their kids to a downtown movie house , to see , unaccompanied , what the shouting was about . How Ed Sullivan met The Beatles At that point , I was n't as committed to the Beatles as my sister and her friends were even before the movie started . But after it was over , all of us were so wired by what we 'd seen that we wanted to run , goof and joke around all night long , even after two cars scooped us up to take us home . It was as if the movie -- and the Beatles themselves -- had given me permission to be as wise , foolish , daring , smart and alert to the world as I wanted to be . And I could n't wait to see it again just to make sure I had n't imagined it . It would be years before I had that chance . When I did , I felt just as empowered and exhilarated by that movie in my 20s as I did on that long-ago twilight . When my own son saw it for the first time , at age 6 , he was just as hyped as I 'd been . The gift that "  Hard Day 's Night " keeps giving is the right of all who see it to say to themselves , "  Take the world as it comes and when you break from its moorings , do n't be afraid to be as silly or as soulful as you 're able . And whatever you do , make sure you bring other people along . " Maybe I 'm still dreaming all this . But I 'm awake enough to know one thing : No new movie that came out this year can make so many audiences feel as buoyant or as alive as this movie did -- and does . It 's possible that both "  A Hard Day 's Night " and , for that matter , the Beatles themselves were miracles that could never be duplicated . But ca n't the movies at least try to imagine that such things are possible ?	Gene Seymour : Best summer movie ? "  Hard Day 's Night , " 50 years ago this weekend It was exhilarating for teens to see anarchy , smarts , daring of Beatles on big screen , he says Film shows in 50 cities this weekend . He first saw it at 11 , it sent him over the moon , he says Seymour : His own son reacted same way . You wo n't find better movie out there this summer
BREMEN , Germany -- Carlos Alberto , who scored in FC Porto 's Champions League final victory against Monaco in 2004 , has joined Bundesliga club Werder Bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros  $ 10.7 million  . Carlos Alberto enjoyed success at FC Porto under Jose Mourinho . "  I 'm here to win titles with Werder , " the 22-year-old said after his first training session with his new club . "  I like Bremen and would only have wanted to come here . " Carlos Alberto started his career with Fluminense , and helped them to lift the Campeonato Carioca in 2002 . In January 2004 he moved on to FC Porto , who were coached by José Mourinho , and the club won the Portuguese title as well as the Champions League . Early in 2005 , he moved to Corinthians , where he impressed as they won the Brasileirão , but in 2006 Corinthians had a poor season and Carlos Alberto found himself at odds with manager , Emerson Leão . Their poor relationship came to a climax at a Copa Sul-Americana game against Club Atlético Lanús , and Carlos Alberto declared that he would not play for Corinthians again while Leão remained as manager . Since January this year he has been on loan with his first club Fluminense . Bundesliga champions VfB Stuttgart said on Sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with Real Zaragoza on Monday for Ewerthon , the third top Brazilian player to join the German league in three days . A VfB spokesman said Ewerthon , who played in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in Austria on Monday . On Friday , Ailton returned to Germany where he was the league 's top scorer in 2004 , signing a one-year deal with Duisburg on a transfer from Red Star Belgrade . E-mail to a friend	Werder Bremen pay a club record $ 10.7 million for Carlos Alberto The Brazilian midfielder won the Champions League with FC Porto in 2004 Since January he has been on loan with his first club , Fluminense
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In first-ever tests for commercial airplanes carrying passengers , as many as three American Airlines jets will be equipped with a shoulder-fired missile defense system . The Department of Homeland Security signed a $ 29 million contract with BAE Systems on December 21 . BAE said Thursday it is working with American Airlines to put laser systems on the planes , which will be flying between New York and California . Since the contract calls for the planes to log about 7,000 flight hours , the tests will probably last from early spring , starting in March or April , until the end of the year , DHS spokeswoman Amy Kudwa said . The systems have already been tested on cargo aircraft and out-of-service passenger planes . The new contract calls for the systems to be tested for the first time on aircraft carrying passengers . DHS , American Airlines and BAE Systems were all careful to assure there will be no test firing -- through simulators or otherwise . The tests primarily will check the systems ' worthiness in air and their maintenance reliability . The system works by detecting the heat-seeking missiles and then emitting a laser that diverts the missile . Homeland Security officials say there is no specific threat of these weapons -- also known as MANPADS , for Man-Portable Air Defense Systems -- being fired at planes . Taliban forces , however , successfully used MANPADS against Soviet helicopters in Afghanistan . Terrorists tried , unsuccessfully , in 2002 to shoot down an Israeli passenger jet in Kenya with them . Insurgents hit a DHL cargo plane in Baghdad the following year , but the plane landed safely . Experts say about 500,000 to 700,000 MANPADS have been produced worldwide , and some have been purchased in Middle Eastern and Central Asian arms markets for as little as $ 5,000 . Since 2003 , Congress has pressured DHS to adapt military anti-MANPADS technology to commercial aviation . Commercial airlines have opposed efforts to install defense systems , which are costly , add weight , and can weaken the plane 's aerodynamics . A chief goal of the testing program is to discover how to increase the systems ' endurance . Military systems require frequent maintenance -- not practical for commercial airplanes that fly for extended periods between maintenance checks . American Airlines on Thursday said it is participating in the program , but added it is "  not in favor of installing counter-MANPADS on commercial aircraft . " The airline believes protection is best accomplished by preventing terrorists from getting shoulder-fired missiles , or by using ground-based systems , spokesman John Hotard said . But the airline said it is willing to participate because it "  wants to understand the development " of these technologies that might be available in the future . Last year , American and BAE installed and test flew BAE 's hardware on a Boeing 767 that was not in commercial service , Hotard said . E-mail to a friend	Some American Airlines passenger planes will be equipped with anti-missile gear Officials : No specific aviation threat from shoulder-fired missiles detected There will be no test firing , officials say
CNN  -- Another voice that could have told about the horrors of being a "  comfort woman " -- a sex slave used by Japanese soldiers during World War II -- has fallen silent , according to South Korean authorities . Hwang Keum-ja , 89 , died of lung and respiratory disease at a hospital in Seoul Sunday . Cho Yoon-sun , South Korea 's Minister of Gender and Equality and Family , said she had been attempting to meet each of her country 's surviving comfort women individually , but had not yet visited Hwang . "  My heart is aching as she died before I was able to meet her , " she said in a statement , praising Hwang for her efforts to support others despite the hardships she faced , and vowing that her government would deliver greater support to other comfort women . Japan forced about 200,000 women into sex slavery , luring them to "  comfort stations " set up throughout East Asia by the Japanese military from 1932 until the end of the war , according to nonprofit advocacy group Washington Coalition for Comfort Women Issues . Mostly Korean , the women were lied to and told they would get jobs if they went to the brothels , the center says . CNN has widely reported on the stories of the women . Many have said they were kidnapped . For resisting sex , some say , they were raped and beaten . Hwang Keum-ja was forced to work at a glass factory at 13 and then sent to China to work as a sex slave at 16 , South Korea 's state news agency Yonhap reported . After Korea was freed from Japanese occupation in 1945 , she went home and lived the rest of her life alone , the agency said . She worked as a garbage collector , but did n't make enough , so she had to rely on government subsidies . It 's unclear how , but she was able to make three donations to a scholarship fund totaling more than $ 92,000 , which helped earn her an award for her generosity in 2011 in Korea , Yonhap said . Hwang 's dying wish was that all her assets be donated to charity . She had one adopted son , according to the ministry . The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs states : "  Japan has extended its sincere apologies and remorse to all those women on various occasions such as an apology statement by the Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono in 1993 . " The country has helped establish the Asian Women 's Fund in 1995 , which is supported by government funds and provides assistance to former comfort women . The South Korean government however does not believe this is enough . Along with the surviving comfort women it is calling for an official government apology , acknowledging legal responsibility for the crimes . Seoul wants Tokyo to provide direct compensation to the victims . But Japan has resisted direct payments to the victims , prompting activists and former comfort women to say leaders are avoiding officially acknowledging what happened . In 2013 , the mayor of Osaka , Japan , stirred fierce controversy when he told reporters that "  anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " when soldiers were risking their lives and deserved a "  rest . " Toru Hashimoto said the use of the women was "  necessary . " Though he acknowledged the issue was a "  tragic result of war , " Hashimoto insisted that soldiers using the women was n't unique to Japan . Hashimoto also revealed that he told a U.S. military commander during a trip to a base on the island of Okinawa that U.S. personnel should "  utilize more " the adult entertainment business in Japan . South Korea has urged Japan to resolve the issue directly with victims , noting that time is running out because most of them are elderly and dying . Hwang 's death brings the total number of living South Korean victims of the comfort women sex slavery circuit in South Korea down to 55 , 5 of whom live abroad . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Hwang Keum-ja died in South Korea , one of the dwindling number of "  comfort women " Japan forced 200,000 women into sex slavery to service WWII Japanese soldiers Japan has formally apologized for atrocities against "  comfort women "
CNN  -- Police hunting for a New Zealand couple who fled the country after a bank mistakenly paid them $ NZ10 million  US$ 6 million  believe they traveled to Hong Kong . Westpac bank paid the couple 1,000 times the amount they asked for . New Zealand authorities have sought help from Interpol in locating the couple who disappeared May 7 , two days after an employee error at Westpac bank paid them 100 times the amount they asked for . TVNZ , a CNN television affiliate , named the couple as Leo Gao and his girlfriend Cara Young . Gao owned a petrol station in Rotorua , a lakeside tourist town famous for its hot water springs and bubbling mud pools . Police said Friday that the couple were believed to have traveled to Hong Kong . "  Enquiries to locate those individuals are continuing through Interpol in Hong Kong and official channels in Beijing , " said Detective Senior Sergeant David Harvey . Watch as ` millionaires ' go on the run " Police were not confirming the identities of those involved but they were working with the family of one of the individuals named in the media , Harvey said . The family were shocked at their name being associated with the case , he added . TVNZ said the couple applied for an overdraft from Westpac worth up to NZ$ 100,000  US$ 61,000  . However , on or about May 5 , the bank erroneously put NZ$ 10 million  US$ 6.1 million  into their bank account . What would you do in this situation ? The next day , the service station closed its doors . And the day after , the couple went missing . TVNZ said Westpac had confirmed that a customer had attempted to unlawfully transfer amounts totaling around $ 6.7 million  US$ 4.1 million  . Nearly NZ$ 3 million  US # $ 1.85 million  had been recovered and the bank was continuing to vigorously pursue the outstanding amount , Westpac Media relations manager Craig Dowling told the station .	Manhunt for couple who fled after bank mistakenly paid them NZ$ 10 million New Zealand authorities seeking Interpol 's help to locate the couple Police believe the couple flew to Hong Kong
CNN  -- A bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler , Arkansas police said , killing the pickup driver and two bus riders . Two passengers were found dead inside the bus , said Arkansas State Police . Forty people were hurt in Sunday night 's crash , which shut down a 13-mile stretch of Interstate-40 east of Forrest City , Arkansas , said state police spokesman Bill Sadler . The bus was westbound en route from Chicago , Illinois , to Dallas , Texas . The driver of the pickup truck -- identified as 30-year-old Danny Okurily of Hot Springs , Arkansas -- died at the scene of the accident , Sadler said . Bus driver Felix Tapia , 28 , of Brownsville , Texas , and tractor-trailer driver David Rice , 45 , of Mars Hill , North Carolina , suffered minor injuries , according to The Associated Press . Two passengers were also found dead inside the bus , he said . Their names were not released because authorities have not yet notified relatives , Sadler said . Several dozen injured passengers were taken to hospitals in Forrest City , Memphis and West Memphis , said police . The bus , which listed 44 passengers on its manifest , was owned and operated by the Tornado Bus Line , which is based in Dallas , Texas , Sadler said . The crash happened just after 10 p.m. CT about 10 miles east of Forrest City and about 40 miles west of Memphis , Tennessee , Sadler said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Bus driver , tractor-trailer trucker injured in 3-vehicle crash , AP reports Bus crossed median , hit pickup truck , then 18-wheeler , killing 3 All lanes of I-40 closed for 13 miles east of Forrest City , Arkansas Driver of the pickup truck and two bus passengers killed , police say
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colorado  CNN  -- A megachurch paid a 20-year-old man to keep silent about a sexual relationship he had with disgraced evangelical pastor Ted Haggard , a senior church pastor said . Rev. Ted Haggard was fired from New Life Church after allegations about a prostitute and drug use arose in 2006 . Haggard , who was fired amid allegations that he used drugs and patronized a male prostitute in 2006 , had a sexual relationship with a second man -- a 20-year-old volunteer at his megachurch , the Rev. Brady Boyd , a senior pastor at the church , said Monday . The church agreed to pay the man in exchange for his pledges not to talk publicly about the relationship , Boyd said , referring to a settlement reached by the man 's lawyer and the church 's insurance company . Under the settlement , the church provided the man money to pay his college tuition , moving expenses and counseling , Boyd said . "  This was compassionate assistance . It was to help him move forward , not a settlement to keep him quiet , " said Boyd , senior pastor at New Life Church in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Watch Haggard in the HBO documentary " Haggard founded New Life in his basement in 1984 and oversaw its growth to an influential megachurch with roughly 15,000 members . Haggard is the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals , a group that says it represents millions of people in 45,000 church congregations nationwide . He and other evangelical leaders participated in weekly conference calls with senior White House aides during the Bush administration . In November 2006 , allegations surfaced that Haggard had a three-year relationship with Mike Jones , a male escort , involving drugs and sex for money . After those allegations became public , New Life fired Haggard and he resigned as president of the national organization . On Friday , New Life Church announced Haggard 's relationship with the volunteer in a letter to the congregation . In the last three weeks , Boyd said , the young man told him that he was considering going public with his story because Haggard was portraying himself as a victim in an upcoming HBO documentary called "  The Trial of Ted Haggard , " which is scheduled to air Thursday . "  I counseled him it was n't going to help him or the church 's healing . Plus it was in violation of the agreement we signed with them , " Boyd said . An interview with the former volunteer is scheduled to air Monday evening on KRDO-TV of Colorado Springs , Colorado . Haggard is scheduled to appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Thursday night . The 2006 controversy involving Haggard erupted when Jones , the former prostitute , said the pastor had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence . Haggard said in interviews that he received a massage from Jones , but denied having sex with him . He also said he bought methamphetamine , but threw it away instead of using it . The assertions received widespread news coverage and sparked charges of hypocrisy , particularly because Haggard had condemned homosexual sex in a documentary called "  Friends of God . " In a settlement with New Life , the church and Haggard agreed that he would retain his six-figure salary for a year , leave the Colorado Springs area , receive counseling , and not speak publicly about what had happened for one year , according to a church staff member with knowledge of the settlement who was not authorized to speak on the record . Jones said Monday that he has spoken with the former church volunteer whom Boyd said had a relationship with Haggard . "  My anger is so much at the church , " Jones said . "  They tried to keep this quiet when all along I 've taken a beating feeling like I was the only one , when clearly there were others . " Despite the fresh scandal , Boyd said he is hopeful for the future . "  We 've added 1,500 people in the last 18 months , " he said . "  We 're trying to adopt 100 orphans into families in the church . "  We had a leader with flawed character and we 're trying to clean up from the residue of the past . This will not always define us . I can promise you that in the days ahead , we wo n't be identified with scandal , but helping the widows and orphans . "	Rev. Ted Haggard was fired after drug , male prostitute allegations in 2006 Senior pastor tells CNN Haggard had sexual relationship with church volunteer Pastor says church reached settlement to keep 20-year-old from speaking publicly Man given money for college tuition , moving expenses and counseling , pastor says
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The suspect in the bombing and mass shooting in Norway believed the terrorist attacks were "  horrible , " but "  in his head  they  were necessary , " a man who identified himself as the suspect 's lawyer told Norwegian broadcaster TV2 . Geir Lippestad told TV2 late Saturday that he represented Anders Behring Breivik , who was arrested Friday after twin terror attacks that left at least 92 dead . Breivik "  is ready to explain himself " in a court hearing Monday , Lippestad said . CNN unsuccessfully attempted to contact Lippestad . While they have only arrested one suspect , police in Norway have not ruled out the possibility that someone else may have been involved in the explosion in Oslo and a shooting at a youth camp on Utoya island "  We 're not sure it 's just one person ... based on statements from witnesses , we think there may be more , " Acting National Police Chief Sveinung Sponheim said Saturday . A 32-year-old Norwegian was detained and charged with terrorism , but police have not officially released his name . Local media have identified the man as Breivik , who has been described as a right-wing Christian fundamentalist . "  It 's very difficult at this point to say whether he was acting alone or whether he was acting as part of a larger network , " Sponheim said . The suspect has been talking to authorities , but Sponheim described the day-long interrogations as "  difficult . " At least four people are still missing , he said , as investigators continued to search for bodies of victims of the bomb attack in downtown Oslo . The fragility of the damaged structures have made it a slow process , he said . "  We know that there are remains of bodies in the ruins of the buildings . And it 's a bit of a jigsaw puzzle and a very difficult search . There are body parts in the buildings , " Sponheim said . Seven people have been confirmed dead from the bomb attack . Police said that the explosive was in a car . At least 85 others were killed in a shooting at a youth camp in nearby Utoya island . Norway 's prime minister called it the country 's worst atrocity since World War II . Norway 's King Harald also spoke in a televised address . "  There is still a lot that we do not know about yesterday 's situations , " he said . "  This we do know , that the situations in Utoya and Oslo is an attack on the nation . It 's an attack on the core of the Norwegian democracy . " Official sources and social media indicate that Breivik might be a right-wing Christian fundamentalist who may have had an issue with Norway 's multi-cultural society . The attack may have been politically motivated , one official said . "  I think what we have seen today is that politically motivated violence poses a threat to society and I commend the police for carrying out a very swift and effective investigation , but that is still ongoing , " Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store told reporters . Other new details emerged Saturday about the attacks . An employee at a Norwegian agricultural cooperative told CNN that the man identified in media reports as the suspect bought six tons of fertilizer from her company in May . Oddmy Estenstad , of Felleskjopet Agr , said she did not think the order was strange at the time because the suspect has a farm , but after Friday 's explosion in Norway 's capital , Oslo , she called police because she knew the material can be used to make bombs . "  We are very shocked that this man was connected to our company , " said Estenstad . "  We are very sad about what happened . " Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said Saturday that many world leaders had reached out to him after the tragedy . "  The world is with Norway at the moment . That will not restore the lives lost , of course , but it gives support and they hope it will help in their grief , " he said . Together with Norway 's king , queen and crown prince , Stoltenberg visited with victims ' family members and survivors of the attacks at a hotel . Vivian Paulsen , a spokeswoman for the Norwegian Red Cross , said that the survivors are in varied emotional states -- with some "  very vocal " and others more guarded . "  Many of them are in shock , and they will need help for a long time , " Paulsen told CNN on Saturday . The prime minister said it 's too early to tell how the massacre will change Norwegian society . "  But I hope we will maintain " the things that make Norway unique , Stoltenberg said . It was while authorities were searching for survivors of the mid-afternoon bombing that a man wearing a police uniform and identifying himself as an officer arrived by boat at Utoya island , about 20 miles from Oslo , where word was spreading among the campers about the explosion in the capital , said Adrian Pracon , a survivor of the mass shooting . The man asked to address the group , and then started shooting . According to police , the gunman was active and shooting for an hour and a half before authorities arrived . He used at least one automatic weapon and one handgun , police said . What followed , Pracon says , was panic and chaos as some campers ran from the shooter , while others went toward the man because they believed it was a drill or a test . Pracon said the shooter chased people to the shore , screaming at them as he fired . An elite police unit took the gunman into custody on the island , Sponheim said . The man did not put up a fight during his arrest . Authorities were searching the waters Saturday around Utoya , looking for the bodies of campers who may have drowned trying to swim to safety , police said . "  This happened at a place where I , in my young side , became politically active and I said earlier today it was a paradise for youngsters and yesterday it was turned into a hell . We have to regain this . Nobody 's going to take this away from us , " Stoltenberg said . U.S. President Barack Obama and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon both talked Saturday with Stoltenberg to extend their condolences and , in the case of Obama , to offer assistance , those two leaders ' offices said in statements . Ban 's conversation came the same day that the U.N. Security Council issued a statement condeming the attacks and stating "  that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security . " CNN 's Jack Maddox , Chelsea J. Carter , Holly Yan , Laura Smith-Spark , Joe Sterling , Moni Basu , Chelsea Bailey , Claudia Rebaza , Mishan Afsari and Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	Suspect will "  explain himself " in court Monday , his self-described lawyer says Anders Behring Breivik felt the attacks were "  horrible " but "  necessary , " says the lawyer The combined death toll in the attacks rises to 92 , with 85 killed in the camp shooting The attacks may have been politically motivated , foreign minister says
CNN  -- Don Crisman has never missed a Super Bowl . "  My family knows not to die on Super Bowl Sunday , " he said , "  because I wo n't make it to the funeral . " And with great game attendance comes myriad memories . The 74-year-old Rhode Island native paid $ 8 to see Green Bay defeat Kansas City at the first AFL-NFL championship in 1967 . Thirty-five years later , he roared with fellow Patriots fans as kicker Adam Vinatieri nailed a 48-yard field goal to beat the Rams in Super Bowl XXXVI 's final seven seconds . He barely noticed Janet Jackson 's infamous "  wardrobe malfunction " during Super Bowl XXXVIII 's halftime show in 2004 . Now , he 's ready for the Steelers-Packers matchup in Dallas , blizzard or otherwise . Crisman is one-fourth of the "  Never Miss a Super Bowl Club , " an exclusive group featured in Visa 's latest advertising campaigns . Test your Super Bowl knowledge He and three other men boasting a perfect attendance record -- 49ers fan Larry Jacobson , Steelers fan Thomas Henschel and Packers fan Robert Cook -- can be seen in the national commercials , flashing more than four decades of Super Bowl ticket stubs . "  Sports fans see the Super Bowl as the pinnacle of U.S. sporting events -- an American institution , really , " said Alex Craddock , head of Visa 's American marketing . "  This year , our NFL campaign was developed to celebrate the passion that fans have for the sport of football and the Super Bowl . " Members of the club , who met and devised their name when a reporter profiled them individually for an NFL media guide , will attend their 45th Super Bowl on Sunday . This time , the game 's on Visa 's tab . "  44 years , 44 games , and we never had a free ticket , " Jacobson said . "  This is a pretty good deal for me . " Are you planning a Superbowl trip ? Jacobson , who went to the first Super Bowl to impress a date , said he spends thousands of dollars yearly to fund his football obsession . "  The game is an excuse to travel , " he said . "  We 've been to Disney World , the beach , all over , the week of the Super Bowl . It 's even better knowing I 'm on a vacation while my friends are working . " The club members do n't intend to break their Super tradition anytime soon . Crisman said he 'll keep going for "  as long as the Big Guy Upstairs allows . " "  Just before playoff time , there 's a big magnet somewhere in the sky drawing me in the direction of the game , " he said . "  It 's kind of a crazy , expensive odyssey I 'm on . A pilgrimage -- whatever you want to call it . "	Don Crisman and three other men have never missed a Super Bowl When a reporter introduced the men to one another , the "  Never Miss a Super Bowl Club " began On Sunday , they will attend their 45th Super Bowl
CNN  -- Dan Wheldon brought a bit of England with him when he began driving extremely fast cars in the United States . "  When I first started racing , a lot of the guys said that I raced with a lot of heart , occasionally not my head , but always with a lot of heart , like the way that Richard the Lionheart fought in battle , " Wheldon wrote on a sponsor 's blog in 2010 . Wheldon placed a small mural of the 12th-century warrior king on his helmet in 1995 , before he competed in America and eventually released "  Lionheart , " a biographical photo book . Wheldon 's fellow IndyCar drivers remembered the heart , competitiveness and growing maturity of the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner , who died in a horrific multi-car wreck at a Las Vegas event on Sunday at age 33 . "  Dan came over years ago as a young , brash kid from England , " former IndyCar driver Lyn St. James said Monday , "  and we watched him mature into being this absolute , consummate professional ... He touched so many people . " A shaken Dario Franchitti , speaking after the canceled Las Vegas Indy 300 , said "  one minute you 're joking around ... the next , Dan 's gone . " "  We can put so much pressure on ourselves to win races and championships and it 's what we love to do , " said Franchitti , who knew Wheldon since he was a child . "  And it 's what we live for . And then on days like today , it does n't really matter . I lost , we lost ... a good friend . " Franchitti recalled Wheldon 's early IndyCar years . "  He was kind of brash , but he was a charmer , " Franchitti said . "  He became this loving family guy . He was still charming , but he had this whole new side to him . " Wheldon , 33 , left behind his wife , Susie , and two young boys , Sebastian and Oliver . They live in St. Petersburg , Florida . Born in Emberton , England , Wheldon raced go-karts at the age of 4 . His father was a go-kart racer and his mother was the timer at a local track . He was an IndyCar rookie in 2003 and won his first Indianapolis 500 two years later . Superstitious , the driver as an adult would tap his race car three times before getting in on the non-gear stick side , according to his IndyCar bio . After his second Indy 500 victory in May , Wheldon talked with CNN 's "  American Morning " about serving as a spokesman for the Alzheimer 's Association . His mother was diagnosed with the disease in 2009 . After his win , however , he found himself unemployed . "  This time off that I 've had has truly made me understand and really grasp how much I love driving the cars themselves , " he told CNN World Sport in June . "  Indy cars are fantastic to drive ... I want to be part of that , there 's no doubt about it . " At that time he said he was n't sure what the rest of the year would hold as far as sponsorship . "  If it means me sitting out the rest of the season in order to have a positive ride in 2012 , then that 's the best thing for me , " he said . Sunday , drivers in Las Vegas did a five-lap salute in Wheldon 's memory . "  Amazing Grace " played as the drivers slowly wound their way around the track . The driver 's father-in-law , Sven Behm , told CNN North Carolina affiliate WGHP that he had told Wheldon to have a safe race . The competitor assured him vehicles , which routinely reached speeds in excess of 225 miles per hour , had been made safer in recent years . "  He was n't just a great driver , " said Behm . "  But he was a great human being . He was always very positive . " He said Wheldon 's sons are age 2 1/2 and 7 months . CNN "  World Sport " anchor Patrick Snell said "  Dan Wheldon is a character . ... Extremely popular . Huge respect from his peers . " There is no question that the world of motorsports has lost one of its favorite sons , " Snell said Sunday night .	The two-time Indy 500 winner was killed Sunday at a Las Vegas race Born in England , he likened himself to Richard the Lionheart He also was a bit superstitious Drivers recall Dan Wheldon 's growing maturity , love of family
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police have arrested and detained another Iranian suspect in connection with a series of bombs that went off in Bangkok this month , a law enforcement official said . Madani Seyed Mehrded , 33 , was taken at a rental house , where authorities also confiscated a computer and a mobile phone , said the official , who was not authorized to talk to the media . The Bangkok blasts did not kill anyone . Their intended targets are not clear , although authorities have said they were intended for Israeli diplomats . They went off a day after a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi , India , exploded , wounding several people . Another device , found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia 's capital , was safety detonated . The Thai National Security Council has drawn a tentative link between the bombs in Bangkok and those in India and Georgia , saying the materials used in the explosive devices were similar . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has blamed Tehran for the attacks . Iran has denied the accusation , saying that "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . " Iran has also suggested that it would be willing to provide some assistance in investigating the Bangkok bombings . Arrest warrants have been issued for five suspects , all identified as Iranians . Three of the five were already in custody .	An official identifies the suspect as Madani Seyed Mehrded , 33 The attacks did not kill anyone The Israeli prime minister blames Tehran ; Iran denies the accusation
New York  CNN  -- Within hours of speaking with the BBC and Voice of America , both in Persian , Fariborz Raisdana , a leading Iranian economist , was arrested by the security forces of the Islamic Republic . On both these occasions , Raisdana was severely critical of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's program of substantially cutting governmental subsidies , in what amounts to "  the biggest surgery " to the Iranian economy in 50 years . Initiated on Sunday , the government 's actions introduced a four-fold rise in the price of gasoline and seriously cut government food subsidies , including , literally , people 's daily bread . The current 20 % inflation rate , some economies believe , will in fact increase after these new "  austerity measures . " Even economists sympathetic to Ahmadinejad 's policies warn of higher inflation and characterize his claim of "  zero inflation " as disingenuous . A much milder version of a hike in the gasoline price resulted in widespread riots and the burning down of gas stations by protesters back in 2007 , only two years into Ahmadinejad 's presidency . This time around Ahmadinejad anticipated possible protests by "  flooding Iran 's capital " with the militarized security forces , in a move similar to the government 's response to the opposition Green Movement . The U.S.-led and U.N.-imposed sanctions against Iran , aimed at stopping its nuclear program and supported by those wishing for "  regime change , " obviously played a major role in increasing the pressure for cutting government spending . But among Raisdana 's comments to BBC and VOA was the fact that such cuts in governmental subsidies and a turn to neoliberal economics was a policy favored by the last two presidents of Iran , who have also been  to varied degrees  supporters of the Green Movement -- Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Khatami . This creates a major rift within the opposition camp of the Green Movement . Its leadership , particularly Khatami , now needs to decide where they stand -- they can no longer oppose Ahmadinejad for a program they were championing for decades -- but did not have the political will and/or military wherewithal to implement . By taking these steps and introducing a form of Reaganomics to Iran , Ahmadinejad is exposing his own hypocrisy . He can no longer pose as the populist champion of the poor fighting against the presumably more affluent members of the Green Movement . He has also exposed as a fraud his global posturing as an anti-capitalist champion . Some 7 million Iranian laborers , and their families -- with their union leaders like Mansur Osanlou suffering in the dungeons of the Islamic Republic -- are set to suffer the consequences of these cuts in subsidies . Ahmadinejad 's neoliberal economics share another thing with President Ronald Reagan 's policies . The Iranian president is pushing an increase in military spending . That buildup is first and foremost prompted by the military threat that the U.S. and its regional allies have posed to the Islamic Republic for at least the last decade . Such spending also supports the heavily militarized security apparatus of Ahmadinejad 's regime . It helps employ less-well-off Iranians , making them beholden to the regime and enhances the power of the "  the military industrial complex " that now rules the country from the headquarters of its paramilitary revolutionary guards . Be that as it may , these same measures also expose the banality of Ahmadinejad 's alliance with such self-proclaimed champions of anti-capitalism as Evo Morales of Bolivia and Hugo Chavez of Venezuela . And it makes a mockery of what passes for "  progressive anti-war activists " in the United States who fall head over toe trying to have dinner with Ahmadinejad when he visits New York , in support of his "  anti-capitalist , " and "  anti-imperialist " positions . Domestically , the move is a calculated risk for Ahmadinejad , because it will undoubtedly compromise his populist propaganda , if not his claim to a popular base . Still it may be a risk worth taking for Ahmadinejad , since it could weaken the opposition . If this opposition wants a market-driven economy , here it is -- initiated by Ahmadinejad 's government . The ball is now squarely in Mir Hossein Mousavi 's court . The leader of the Green Movement must clearly and succinctly distinguish his economic philosophy from that of Ahmadinejad and his predecessors , and reach out on behalf of the most vulnerable social classes of the society as they struggle with huge cost increases . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Iran cut government food and fuel subsidies , leading to higher prices Hamid Dabashi : Ahmadinejad is using security apparatus to discourage protests He says the move shows Ahmadinejad 's pose as a populist is not sincere Dabashi says changes may hurt opposition leaders who have favored cutting the subsidies
San Francisco  CNN  -- When Microsoft released the first Xbox nearly a decade ago , analysts considered the then-money-losing endeavor to be a sort of Trojan horse into the living room : a bid to become the home 's central media hub . Now , Microsoft is facing an undisguised assault from Apple , Google , Samsung Electronics and start-ups like Boxee and Roku . They are all vying to fill the holes in Internet video on the big screen with hardware that makes it easy to watch on demand . Microsoft and Sony , which makes the PlayStation , are working to bolster their Internet-video offerings before new challengers can usurp the home-entertainment market that they 've been cultivating for many years with their systems . Sony plans to unwrap a new version of its video-download service for the PlayStation 3 on Tuesday . People who subscribe to PlayStation Plus will be able to download a preview , and starting on October 11 , all owners of the game console will be able to download the application from the home screen in the same way they can get Netflix . The sleeker Video Unlimited has large text and cover artwork for movies and television shows . The overall design looks a lot like the Metro style Microsoft is using in Windows Phone 7 and Windows 8 . Video Unlimited will deploy a new patented search interface that works well with the arrow buttons on remote controls , which typically do n't have keyboards , and the system suggests results as the user types -- much like Google 's predictive search results . While surfing through menus , the app frequently makes recommendations about similar films and programs . "  We want you to be able to search and browse in a nonlinear way , " Michael Aragon , a vice president for Sony Network Entertainment , said in an interview . "  We want people to get lost in the experience . " The company is rebranding its Qriocity media suite , which includes a music-subscription service and the video store . Music Unlimited and Video Unlimited will live under the Sony Entertainment Network umbrella , and they may eventually be joined by the PlayStation Network , Aragon said . For now , the PlayStation Network Store will continue to offer the same programming that Video Unlimited has , to cater to customers familiar with buying media through the existing store . Music Unlimited and the PlayStation Network Store will be redesigned later , Aragon said . The music service has about 750,000 active users , and about 100,000 paying for access , he said . Couch potatoes expect programs to start immediately , but Video Unlimited 's a-la-carte downloads do n't do that currently on the PlayStation . This already works on Sony 's Blu-ray players that have the app installed , and will be coming soon to the PlayStation , Aragon said . The redesigned video service will be coming to Sony set-top boxes and Bravia TVs in the next few months , Aragon said . The Sony tablet , which is set to debut early next month , will have a version of Video Unlimited , and the iPhone app will eventually include the ability to watch videos offline , he said . With the new Web services , Sony is hoping to leave behind the blunders from earlier this year which resulted in a lengthy outage for its network . A reminder of those flared up recently when Sony asked its users to waive their rights to file class-action lawsuits . In the interview , Aragon boasted that Sony has added 3 million accounts and usage has increased by more than 10 % since the outage . But Sony 's network division has more than its own recent mistakes to concern itself over . Google has been unwavering in developing its Google TV platform , which Sony installs on a few of its products . Some rumblings within supply chains suggest that Apple is working on a television set . Samsung is pushing its Smart TV system . Even with more TV sets bundling Internet capabilities , the market for set-top boxes is expected to grow 14 % this year to 21 million devices shipped , according to market research firm In-Stat . Microsoft , like Sony , feels the heat and continues to push the Xbox beyond gaming . "  Your Xbox is becoming the hub of your living room , " Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said at a conference in January . "  It is your gaming system ; it is your movies ; it is your TV experience . " Ballmer expanded on this concept in a presentation at the company 's developers conference last month . Microsoft plans to launch new video-on-demand and live TV services for Xbox in partnership with dozens of media companies , he said . There is already an ESPN channel for Xbox Live subscribers . While Sony is optimizing its platform for existing remotes with the unique search feature , Microsoft is promoting the Kinect , with its microphone and camera for motion sensing , as the peripheral for navigating video content . Microsoft declined to make an executive available to be interviewed . "  Certainly we all know the frustrations of using guides and menus and controllers , and we think a better way to do all of this is simply to bring Bing and voice to Xbox , " Ballmer said last month . "  You say it ; Xbox finds it . " With Zune Pass and Xbox 's limited video programs , Microsoft has favored subscription models . It 's unclear how the new Xbox services will be packaged . Nintendo has been testing the waters on 3-D media delivery through its 3DS hand-held . The Wii is not seen as a media hub , though it can access Netflix . Netflix has about 24 million subscribers , and the game consoles have been a primary way people get the service . Sony favors a la carte over "  the Netflix model , " Aragon said , because it can offer new films close to when they are released on Blu-ray . "  If you want to do subscriptions , you ca n't have new content , " he said . Sony is considering offering a subscription service catering to young men , which would include anime films , Aragon said . "  PlayStation has such a strong tie to the gamer market , " he said . Subscriptions are thriving , evidenced by Netflix 's success and by Amazon.com 's partnership with 20th Century Fox , announced Monday , for the Instant Videos service . Microsoft and Sony would like to sell the media , not just the hardware that plays them . But if their gaming consoles were truly home-entertainment Trojan horses , the clock is ticking for them to spring their surprise .	Sony is redesigning its video download service for the PlayStation 3 Microsoft plans to launch live TV for the Xbox Push for game consoles as media hubs faces competition from big tech companies
Mecca , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- The Hajj , an obligatory pilgrimage for Muslims , began this year on Wednesday with two twists : thinner crowds and heavy rain . A rare rainstorm inundated pilgrims in the city of Mina , flooding tents and making conditions miserable for the 2.5 million pilgrims performing the ancient rituals , according to Isha Sesay , CNN 's correspondent there . The tents , where pilgrims plan to spend the night in prayer and contemplation , were leaking and flooding , giving rise to fears of disease , Sesay reported . She said , however , that the several hours of rain was not likely to stop any of the pilgrims from performing the rituals . "  They 've saved for years to get here , " Sesay reported . "  This is a blessing . They 're not going to let rain get in the way . " iReporter witnesses heavy rain near his home She said no incidents had been reported among the dimished number of pilgrims . Officials said the swine flu could be keeping pilgrims from the fifth pillar of Islam , which requires devotees to journey to the holy city of Mecca at least once in their lifetime . Saudi 's Hajj Ministry said Wednesday that 40 percent fewer Saudi pilgrims are participating in the ancient rituals this year , largely due to fears of disease , though a greater number of international visitors had come . "  Concerns about the spread of H1N1 may have affected the turnout but we are confident of all measures in place to increase monitoring of cases and awareness about how one can protect himself or herself , " said Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabbeeah , the Saudi health minister . A teenager and three elderly people have died of the H1N1 flu virus at the Hajj . The victims were a 17-year-old Nigerian female and a Sudanese man , an Indian man and a Moroccan woman who each were 75 years old . Many of the 2 million pilgrims have been arriving days and weeks ahead of the Hajj , which coincides with flu season . The rituals of the five-day event began Wednesday . But with fewer visitors , businesses are feeling the pinch this year . Shopkeeper Fahmi al-Rashidi said he has slashed prices of the gold he sells in Mecca 's Al-Ghaza market . "  Business is lower than last year , " he said . "  I think swine flu fears combined with high gold prices are turning people away from spending . " Another merchant , Fahd al-Qraishi , said a normal 20 percent profit has dropped to 5 percent . Hajj observed in Second Life The Hajj Ministry reported , however , a 17 percent increase in the number of international pilgrims , some of whom are enjoying discounted rates at hotels including the Hilton Makkah . Then there was the real damper . Mecca resident Khaled Nemary said he had not seen so much rain in a quarter-century . And the forecast ? Showers through Friday . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Daniela Deane contributed to this report .	Huge downpours flood tents in Mina Ministry says there are 40 percent fewer Saudi pilgrims this year With fewer visitors , merchants report less business No incidents reported among pilgrims
CNN  -- His eyes stinging with pepper spray , a developmentally disabled 21-year-old man was hit and forced to the ground before being taken into custody by California sheriff 's deputies in an incident that left his family Thursday demanding justice . Antonio Martinez was taken to a hospital and detained for possible obstruction of justice , but there was no citation or charge filed on that or other counts , said San Diego County Sheriff 's Department spokeswoman Jan Caldwell . His father is considering suing the department and the city of Vista , California , the young man 's sister , Jessica Martinez , said . "  But really , all we want is for the sheriff 's deputy who did this to my brother to get fired , " Jessica Martinez , 20 , said . "  That 's all we want . We want justice . " The incident occurred Tuesday evening in Vista , where sheriff 's deputies were looking into a domestic violence incident , Caldwell said . One of them saw Martinez cover his head with his hood and , believing he might be involved in the incident , tried to talk with him , said the spokeswoman . The 21-year-old -- who weighs 158 pounds and stands 4 feet , 11 inches tall , according to a Sheriff 's Department document -- did n't respond to the commands , she added . Martinez is well-known around the Vista neighborhood , where he lives and his family has a bakery , his sister said . He was out walking between his home and the bakery when the deputy called out to him , at which point neighborhood men explained that the young man had Down Syndrome and was n't doing anything wrong , according to Jessica Martinez . The deputy did n't back off . Instead , while trying "  to gain compliance and prevent a possible escape , " he used pepper spray on Antonio Martinez , said Caldwell from the Sheriff 's Department . The deputy began using a baton as an agitated crowd approached , the spokeswoman added . The deputy hit Antonio Martinez with it , forcing him to the ground , then levied "  a couple more strikes to get his hands free , " Sheriff 's Department Capt. Joe Rodi told CNN affiliate KGTV . Jessica Martinez said she joined the crowd after a nearby business owner had run into her bakery , telling them police were beating up her brother . "  I heard my brother screaming mine and my sister 's name , " she said . "  He was screaming for help . "  My brother was n't fighting . He was crying and screaming . He was scared . " Two deputies got on top of Antonio Martinez as he rubbed his eyes from the pepper spray , eventually handcuffing him and putting him in a police car , his sister said . He was taken to Tri-City Medical Center in Oceanside , California , where Jessica Martinez and her father found him with scratches but no broken bones . The family asked to take Antonio Martinez home from the hospital , but a sheriff 's deputy refused , Jessica Martinez said . It was n't until around 11:30 that night -- at the Sheriff 's Department , after being brought back from the hospital -- that he was released , she said . "  When I asked my brother if he was sad , Antonio told me his heart hurt , " his sister said . "  He 's just really sad right now , and he does n't want to go to the bakery any more . " The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department has opened an investigation , according to Caldwell . Rodi met with the family Wednesday and acknowledged the situation should have been handled differently . "  We made a mistake here , " Rodi told KGTV . Troubling legacy of Sandy Hook may be backlash against kids with autism	Police : Antonio Martinez was between his home , family bakery when deputy approached The developmentally disabled man , 21 , did n't respond to calls and was pepper sprayed He was hit and cuffed , despite others ' pleas he had Down Syndrome , sister says Martinez was never charged , and a sheriff 's captain says , "  We made a mistake here "
Washington  CNN  -- Search-and-rescue teams have found "  conclusive evidence " that the pilot of an F-22 aircraft that crashed while on a routine training mission in Alaska did not survive , the military said Friday . Air Force Capt. Jeffrey Haney , who was assigned to the 525th Fighter Squadron , 3rd Wing , has been missing since the crash Tuesday night . Crews have found the wreckage of the plane . Haney "  did not eject from the aircraft prior to impact , " said Air Force Col. Jack McMullen , 3rd Wing commander . McMullen made the remarks Friday in written and video statements . A recovery team found part of the ejection seat and several life support items that Haney wore during the flight . "  If a pilot was able to eject , the seat would go with him and it would not be anywhere at or near the site , " McMullen said . "  Sadly , we can no longer consider this a search-and-rescue operation , but must now focus on recovery operations , " McMullen said . "  This is a huge loss for the 3rd Wing and for the Air Force , but it 's even a greater loss ... and a very emotional time for the entire Haney family , " McMullen said . "  We are doing everything we can to support them right now . " Officials are looking into the cause of the crash and the recovery operation is expected to last several weeks . The wreckage was discovered Wednesday , a day after the aircraft lost contact with air traffic control , according to officials from Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson at Anchorage , Alaska . The plane was found near a creek bed between two mountains , about 100 miles north of Anchorage , near Denali National Park . The Clarklake , Michigan , native was commissioned in the Air Force in August 2003 and had been stationed at the base in Alaska since June 2006 .	Evidence shows Air Force Capt. Jeffrey Haney did not eject prior to impact Wreckage of the plane has been found The pilot was on a routine nighttime training mission
CNN  It 's obvious that Tom Brady 's love for his wife , model Gisele Bundchen , will never go out of fashion . Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday , and the New England Patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on Facebook . "  Congratulations Love of my Life , " Brady wrote . "  You inspire me every day to be a better person . I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway . I have never met someone with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way . You never cease to amaze me . Nobody loves life more than you and your beauty runs much deeper than what the eye can see . I ca n't wait to see what 's next . I love you . " He followed the text with two hashtags , #GOAT  "  greatest of all time "  and #thebestisyettocome . Bundchen , 34 , announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend . "  I am grateful that at 14 , I was given the opportunity to start this journey . Today after 20 years in the industry , it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business , " the Brazilian-born model wrote on Instagram . Supermodel Gisele Bundchen struts her stuff a final time Bundchen was the highest-paid model in 2014 , according to Forbes magazine , with a total $ 47 million in contracts . She is the face of Chanel and Carolina Herrera and has her own line of lingerie . Bundchen and Brady have been married since 2009 . The couple has two children . What 's next for Bundchen ? Based on an interview she did with Brazil 's Estado de S. Paulo newspaper , sounds like more quality time with Brady and their children . "  I want to be with my family more and focus on special projects , " she said . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this story .	Tom Brady to Gisele Bundchen : "  You inspire me every day " Bundchen had last runway show Wednesday She 'll be focusing more on family , "  special projects "
CEDAR RAPIDS , Iowa  CNN  -- Iowa officials are concerned about towns along the Mississippi River as floodwaters in the state 's eastern counties began to drain toward the river . Two weeks of flooding has left five people dead and forced more than 38,000 from their homes as several major rivers that feed into the Mississippi -- including the Cedar , Des Moines and Iowa rivers -- overflowed their banks . The National Weather Service warned that the Mississippi River was expected to crest at nearly 26 feet at Burlington , Iowa , on Wednesday . That 's about 11 feet above flood stage , partly because of levee failures along the Iowa River that have dumped more water into the system . In Washington , Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa said the flooding has devastated his state 's corn crop and may have inflicted up to $ 1 billion in damage to Iowa 's agricultural sector alone . The flooding has forced farm-equipment manufacturer John Deere to idle two plants in Waterloo , he said . "  Across eastern Iowa , the flooding rivers have washed out railroad lines ; Mississippi barge traffic has come to a halt ; and closed major roadways , " said Harkin , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee . "  Thousands of Iowa businesses , large and small , have been impacted . " In Cedar Rapids , residents were allowed to return home temporarily to retrieve keepsakes and other items Sunday , but authorities said Monday that strike teams had determined the neighborhoods were no longer safe , even for a quick visit . "  We are taking a step back , " Cedar Rapids Fire Department spokesman Dave Brown said , adding it would be awhile before evacuees would be permitted to go back home . Police set up checkpoints to keep people away from the affected neighborhoods , deemed unsafe after weeks of heavy rain forced the Cedar River from its banks , leaving much of Iowa 's second-largest city underwater . See photos of the flooding " Evacuees waited in line at the checkpoints Sunday to receive special wristbands that allowed them to go home and gather their belongings . Authorities set a curfew and asked the residents to stay out of the neighborhoods between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m. , so people stuffed what they could into plastic bags and returned to the checkpoints . One resident , however , grew angry when he was not allowed to pass a checkpoint Monday , according to a news release from the Cedar Rapids Police Department . After being denied re-entry to a flooded neighborhood , Rick Blazek , 53 , returned to his vehicle as a state trooper used his police vehicle to block the checkpoint , according to the news release . "  Blazek drove his vehicle toward the state trooper and struck the state trooper three times with his vehicle , " the release said . Police told Blazek to get out of his vehicle , and when he refused , "  the driver 's window was broken out because the doors were locked and Blazek was removed from his vehicle , " according to the release . The trooper was not injured . Blazek , who was arrested and charged with assault on a peace officer with a deadly weapon , could not be immediately reached for comment . Flood-related deaths include a 35-year-old man found on a gravel road near Wapello , an Iowa State University student struck by lightning in Curlew , a farmer swept away by floodwaters in Wright County , a man killed in a car accident in Hamilton County and a 51-year-old woman found dead in her Cedar Rapids home , said Courtney Greene , a spokeswoman for Iowa Gov. Chet Culver 's office . "  We 're looking at all-time flood records in terms of levels , " Culver told reporters Monday evening . "  The challenges remain , but we are more determined than ever to win the fight . " Iowa authorities have determined that the death of a woman whose body was found in her car Monday was not flood-related . The woman was found near New London , after her stopped car was hit by a National Guard bus . Investigators determined the woman died before the collision , Greene said . Resident Tracy Murphy was able to return to her home Sunday before authorities deemed the neighborhoods dangerous . She made a beeline for her family photos when she entered her house , parts of which looked as if burglars had ransacked it . Watch Murphy return home " "  Anything can be replaced , but your photos ca n't , " she said . A trash can was overturned and belongings were strewn across rooms . Murphy 's eyes welled up as the realization hit her : "  My whole , entire life is gone . " iReport.com : Photos from Cedar Rapids The checkpoints -- manned by police and the Iowa National Guard -- remained in place Monday , but Brown said authorities would not be letting residents check on their homes . Strike teams assessed the residential and commercial areas where the waters had receded Sunday and determined those areas were not safe for re-entry , he said . See a map of the flooding in Iowa " Veronica Johnson evacuated her home and later had to evacuate her mother 's house , she said . She has n't been able to return in four days -- and not just because of dangerous floodwaters . "  I live by a gas station , and the tankers from underground busted up through the ground , so I have gas spilled all around my house and the whole neighborhood , " she said . Residents have been getting angry with the authorities who are keeping them from their homes , she said , but she understands safety comes first . "  They have Red Cross , police department , fire department , and the people who they brought in -- the Marines and stuff , the National Guard -- have been excellent , " she said . "  They are keeping us out of our homes even though we 're getting upset with them . We have no right because they 're trying to protect us . " Local authorities expect to release a list of areas that are safe by Monday afternoon , with the hope that people can begin returning to their homes Tuesday , Brown said . About 36,000 Iowans were evacuated because of statewide flooding , 24,000 of them in Cedar Rapids . The massive flooding has overwhelmed the city -- which is in a 500-year flood plain , an area the federal government says has less than a 0.2 percent chance of flooding . Watch residents begin the cleanup process " "  It 's been compared to a 3,000-year flood , " Cedar Rapids police Detective Brad Novak said . "  So something with that rarity of an event , there is no playbook to go by . " Culver has declared 83 of the state 's 99 counties disaster areas . More than 3,300 Iowa National Guard troops have been deployed to help primarily with sandbagging and staging resources , Maj. Gen. Ron Dardis of the Iowa National Guard said Sunday . Another 700 troops were expected to join them Monday . Watch workers desperately sling sandbags " There have been 18 weather-related deaths in the state since May 25 -- 12 of them from tornadoes and the rest linked to flooding , Greene said . This month 's severe weather has trampled towns from North Dakota to Indiana . The Federal Emergency Management Agency says more than 11 million Midwesterners will be affected by flooding and tornadoes . FEMA has set up six disaster recovery centers in Iowa and has provided nearly $ 4 million in assistance so far , state and federal officials reported . So far , 24 counties are under federal disaster declarations , making residents eligible for individual aid , Lt. Gov. Patty Judge reported . The flooding is "  some of the worst " to hit the United States since Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast nearly three years ago , FEMA Administrator David Paulison said Sunday . Watch how the Midwest is familiar with flooding " The agency has received more than 12,000 disaster assistance applications from the hardest-hit states -- Iowa , Indiana and Wisconsin . Starting Tuesday , the American Red Cross will set up kitchens in Iowa to serve up about 100,000 meals to residents each day . The agency , which is housing 720 flood victims in 30 shelters , plans to spend about $ 15 million on Midwest relief efforts . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	Mississippi River expected to crest at 26 feet at Burlington , Iowa , on Wednesday Farmer and student among five flood-related deaths , official says Fire official says Cedar Rapids neighborhoods , home to 24,000 residents , unsafe Resident Tracy Murphy upon returning to house : "  My whole , entire life is gone "
The U.S. government is conducting a review of how it responds when American citizens are taken hostage by overseas terrorists , including how the families of captives are kept informed , CNN learned Monday . A top Pentagon official wrote in a letter to Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , that President Barack Obama had ordered a "  comprehensive review of the U.S. Government policy on overseas terrorist-related hostage cases , with specific emphasis on examining family engagement , intelligence collection and diplomatic engagement policies . " Hunter has advocated for a tougher U.S. response when Americans are taken captive overseas . The Obama administration response was first reported Monday by The Daily Beast . The Pentagon official who wrote Hunter , Under Secretary of Defense Christine Wormuth , said the review came as a result of "  the increased frequency of hostage-taking of Americans overseas " and would seek to add "  innovative and non-traditional solutions " to hostage-recovery efforts . In a statement , the White House said Obama had ordered the review over the summer . "  President Obama directed relevant departments and agencies , including the Departments of Defense and State , the FBI , and the Intelligence Community , to conduct a comprehensive review of how the U.S. government addresses these matters , " Alistar Baskey , a National Security Council spokesman wrote . "  While we are not in a position to detail every effort or every tool we are using to try to bring American hostages home , we will continue to bring all appropriate military , intelligence , law enforcement , and diplomatic capabilities to bear to recover American hostages , " Baskey said . "  Those efforts continue every day . " On Sunday , ISIS released a fifth video showing the brutal execution of a Westerner , in this case , American aid worker Peter Kassig . Two other Americans have been shown in previous videos being beheaded by ISIS : James Foley and Steven Sotloff , both journalists . After Foley 's death in August , the United States said it had attempted to rescue him and other hostages in a military operation over the summer but could n't find where they were being held . Foley 's mother later told CNN she was "  embarrassed and appalled " by how the U.S. government had responded to her son 's case . "  I think our efforts to get Jim freed were an annoyance " to the U.S. government , Diane Foley said on CNN in the weeks following James Foley 's death . She said the U.S. government should be more willing to negotiate with ISIS in order to free hostages . Other governments , particularly in Europe , have successfully won the release of captives by paying ransoms to ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Obama and other U.S. officials have decried the practice , saying the money has fueled the group 's rise . Steve King on hostage review : No paying ransom	President Obama orders a review of how the government handles hostage cases ISIS has released three videos showing beheadings of Americans The mother of James Foley said she was "  appalled " by U.S. response
Washington  CNN  -- Declaring the U.S. goal is a successful Iraq , President Barack Obama on Monday promised economic , diplomatic and military help to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki after the last American troops leave the Middle Eastern nation by the end of the year . The two leaders met at the White House and held a joint news conference to declare the eight-year war formally over now that U.S. troops are completing their withdrawal this month . They then proceeded to Arlington National Ceremony in Virginia for a solemn wreath-laying ceremony to pay respect to the war dead . Obama said the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations , with a focus now on a "  normal relationship between sovereign nations . " He told the visiting Iraqi prime minister the two nations will build "  a comprehensive partnership " that includes trade relations , support for building up Iraq 's democratic capacity and military-to-military ties aimed at helping Iraq rebuild its air force , which was destroyed in the war against Saddam Hussein 's regime . "  Our goal is simply to make sure Iraq succeeds , because we think a successful , democratic Iraq can be a model for the entire region , " Obama said . After the meeting , National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor announced the U.S. government 's intention to sell 18 more F-16 fighter jets to Iraq , doubling the initial sale of 18 announced earlier this year . Al-Maliki said he is committed to building ties . "  The relationship will not end with the departure of the last American soldier , " he said . At the same time , the Iraqi leader insisted his country now is completely reliant on its own security apparatus , with the help of training by U.S. and NATO forces . "  We have proven success . Nobody imagined that we would succeed in defeating terrorism and al Qaeda , " al-Maliki said . Also Monday , NATO announced it is withdrawing training forces from Iraq by December 31 . A NATO statement said "  robust negotiations " on extending the NATO training mission failed to reach agreement . The unresolved issue was granting foreign forces immunity from local prosecution , officials said . The same issue stymied earlier talks between the Obama administration and al-Maliki 's government about the possibility of some U.S. training forces staying longer than the deadline for withdrawal set in an agreement dating back to the Bush administration . Both Obama and al-Maliki have political reasons for ending the U.S. military presence . Obama pledged during his 2008 campaign to bring U.S. troops home from Iraq , while al-Maliki faces internal opposition to the foreign military presence . More than 4,400 U.S. troops were killed and thousands more were wounded in the war that began in 2003 . Iraqi casualties are estimated to exceed 100,000 . Some U.S. conservatives oppose the end of the Iraq operation , arguing that the withdrawal of American forces leaves Iraq vulnerable to political instability from internal forces and neighbors such as Iran . "  Domestic political considerations in each country have been allowed to trump our common security interests , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in a statement . " All of the progress that both Iraqis and Americans have made , at such painful and substantial cost , has now been put at greater risk . I hope I am wrong , but I fear I am not . It did not have to be this way , and the fact that it is has everything to do with a failure of vision , commitment and leadership both in Washington and Baghdad . " As of Sunday , 6,000 U.S. troops and four U.S. military bases remained in Iraq , according to Col. Barry Johnson , spokesman for the United States Forces in Iraq . The four bases are : • Kalsu in Iskandariya , about 20 miles south of Baghdad • Echo in Diwaniya , about 110 miles south of Baghdad • Adder near Nasiriya , about 200 miles southeast of Baghdad • Basra in Basra , about 340 miles southeast of Baghdad Iraq faces many challenges as U.S. troops pull out , ranging from human rights issues to oil deals to national stability . Obama said Monday that the United States wants to help Iraq "  ramp up oil production " and is "  helping to encourage international investments in that sector . " He also said some military-to-military ties will continue , similar to U.S. links with some other countries , and there "  may be occasion for joint exercises . " The U.S. goal "  is a sovereign Iraq that can protect its borders , protect its airspace , protect its people , " Obama said . For his part , al-Maliki told reporters he requested military hardware from Obama , including the F-16s to help rebuild the air force . "  Definitely we have raised the issue of the Iraqi need for weapons for area protection , naval and ground protection , " al-Maliki said . "  We have a lot of weapons , American weapons , and it requires trainers . And we received promises for cooperation from his excellency , the president , for some weapons that Iraq is asking for , especially those related to its protection of its airspace . " Some analysts fear that violence could spike in Iraq as groups struggle over power in the wake of the U.S. troop withdrawal , and that the decreased U.S. presence could allow Iran to increase its influence . Meghan O'Sullivan , a Bush administration deputy national security adviser for Iraq and Afghanistan from 2004 to 2007 , wrote that there is "  reason to worry " in a recent analysis for Foreign Affairs posted on CNN 's Global Public Square blog . "  The foundations of the Iraqi state remain shallow . Divisions within Iraq 's ruling elite run deep , " wrote O'Sullivan , now a professor at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University . "  A continued U.S. military presence would not have guaranteed peace and prosperity , but its removal increases the risks of failure in Iraq by eliminating the psychological backstop to a still delicate political system and by kicking open the door more widely to foreign interference . " American officials have insisted the drastic pullback of troops does not mean an end to the U.S. government 's presence in Iraq . Hundreds of nonmilitary U.S. personnel will remain in Iraq , including 1,700 diplomats , law enforcement officers and economic , agriculture and other professionals and experts , according to the State Department . In addition , 5,000 security contractors will protect U.S. diplomats and another 4,500 contractors will serve other roles , such as helping provide food and medical services , until they can be done locally . Future U.S. involvement in training for Iraqi troops is also a possibility , U.S. officials have said . Officials and analysts have said the impact of the U.S. presence will echo for years to come . "  Iraqis , Americans and the world ultimately will judge us far more on the basis of what will happen than what has happened , " Ryan Crocker , then-U.S. ambassador to Iraq , said in 2008 congressional testimony . "  In the end , how we leave and what we leave behind will be more important than how we came . " CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States intends to sell 18 more F-16 fighter jets to Iraq President Obama pledges U.S. support for Iraq following withdrawal of troops Iraqi prime minister : "  The relationship will not end with the departure " of U.S. troops The United States is set to bring home all troops from Iraq by the end of the year
CNN  -- Democratic offices in at least three states have reported instances of vandalism that party members say possibly were tied to Sunday 's historic vote on health care reform . Early Monday morning , a glass panel at the Tucson office of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , was shattered , spokesman C.J. Karamargin said . It was n't clear how the window was shattered , but visitors have to go through a gated courtyard to enter the office , and staffers suspect someone may have shot a pellet gun at the glass , he said . Nothing was taken from the congresswoman 's office , Karamargin said . Staffers had stayed late at the office the night before because of the health care vote , but had left before the incident , he added . The office has never experience anything like it since Giffords ' staff occupied the office in January 2007 , Karamargin said , adding that staffers believe the incident was linked to the health care vote in Washington . In upstate New York , two similar incidents were reported before Sunday night 's vote , according to CNN affiliate WHEC . A brick was thrown through the window of the Monroe County Democratic Committee headquarters in Rochester , and another was tossed through a window of Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter 's office in Niagara Falls early Friday . WHEC reported that a note attached to the brick in the Monroe County office read "  extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice " -- a quote delivered in an acceptance speech by Republican president candidate Barry Goldwater at the 1964 GOP convention . No one was injured in either incident in New York . Slaughter told WHEC that her offices have recently received threatening phone calls . Speaking on the House floor Sunday , Slaughter referred to damage at her office , saying , "  The anger is n't just contained outside the Capitol . Last week someone hurled a brick through the window of my district office in the dark of night . We must step back to remind ourselves of why we are here . " The House of Representatives on Sunday passed the sweeping $ 875 billion health care reform bill in a 219-212 vote . All 178 Republicans opposed it , along with 34 Democrats . Both Giffords and Slaughter supported the measure , though authorities investigating the incidents have not officially confirmed the link to the health care vote . Another incident was reported earlier in the weekend by the Sedgwick County Democratic Party in Kansas . Party Executive Director Lyndsey Stauble told CNN that a brick with anti-Obama and anti-health care messages was thrown at the headquarters sometime late Friday or early Saturday . Nothing was taken , and no one was injured , she said , adding that a bakery next door called police . Stauble mentioned that a recent post on a blog encouraged people to throw bricks at local Democratic offices nationwide . The Alabama-based blog , called "  Sipsey Street Irregulars , " says it has launched a "  window war " against Democrats and has kept a tally of the recent incidents of damage , including the ones in New York and Kansas . Blogger Michael B. Vanderboegh of Pinson , Alabama , told CNN Monday that in a Friday blog -- which he says was posted after the incident at Slaughter 's office -- he called for people to break windows at Democratic headquarters at the city and county level . He said he did n't call for the damages to congressional offices because , "  I did n't want to be responsible for anybody breaking a federal law . " However , "  I can understand how someone can be frustrated enough to throw a brick through a congresswoman 's window , " Vanderboegh said . He said he feels the health care bill is "  unconstitutional and tyrannical . " "  My answer is violence , by getting their attention , " he said , adding , "  If we can get across to the other side , that they are within inches of provoking a civil war in this country , then that 's a good thing . "	NEW : Alabama-based blog calls for "  window war " against Democrats Glass panel at Arizona office of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords shattered early Monday In upstate New York , two similar incidents also reported before Sunday night 's vote Another incident late Friday or early Saturday in Kansas reported
CNN  Blinky and Pinky on the Champs Elysees ? Inky and Clyde running down Broadway ? Power pellets on the Embarcadero ? Leave it to Google to make April Fools ' Day into throwback fun by combining Google Maps with Pac-Man . The massive tech company is known for its impish April Fools ' Day pranks , and Google Maps has been at the center of a few , including a Pokemon Challenge and a treasure map . This year the company was a day early to the party , rolling out the Pac-Man game Tuesday . It 's easy to play : Simply pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser , click on the Pac-Man icon on the lower left , and your map suddenly becomes a Pac-Man course . Twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities , playing Pac-Man in Manhattan , on the University of Illinois quad , in central London and down crooked Lombard Street in San Francisco , among many locations :	Google Maps has a temporary Pac-Man function Google has long been fond of April Fools ' Day pranks and games Many people are turning their cities into Pac-Man courses
Washington  CNN  -- What does it feel like to kill a man ? James Lenihan of Brooklyn knew . He fought in Europe in World War II and he killed a German soldier during a battle in Holland . He described how it felt in a poem : -- I shot a man yesterday And much to my surprise , The strangest thing happened to me I began to cry . -- So begins "  Murder : Most Foul " a work that echoes poetry about war in the tradition of William Shakespeare and borrows its title from the bard 's "  Hamlet . " As powerful as the poem is , the story behind it is also fascinating . Sgt. James Lenihan returned home after the war , got married , had children and made a career as a salesman for the meatpacking industry . If he ever wrote any other poems , his son , Robert , and daughter , Joan , who still live in Brooklyn , do n't know of any . In fact , they did n't know about this poem until after their father died . They found it when they were going through his possessions . Robert and Joan Lenihan found two typewritten pages , each with a copy of the poem . It was unsigned , but Robert believes the poem was written by his father and later typed up by his mother for safekeeping . He says the poem talks of the killing happening in Holland . James Lenihan served in Holland with the 104th Infantry Division , which battled German units there . The poem portrays a soldier very upset about taking a life : -- I knelt beside him And held his hand -- I begged his forgiveness Did he understand ? -- But even while he describes the shooting as murder , he makes clear he had no choice : -- It was the War And he was the enemy If I had n't shot him He would have shot me . -- Robert Lenihan said the poem is a bit unlike the father he grew up with . A man who could be a "  tough customer " if need be . Not someone tormented by a fleeting , albeit from an intense moment on a battlefield in Holland . "  I 'm just starting to appreciate how much he suffered only now in this part of my life . When I was a kid , like if he yelled at me or something , I 'd say , ` Well Dad 's being cranky , ' " Lenihan said . He said that even though the incident in the poem took place nearly 60 years ago , it resonates today and should let young soldiers coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan that they are n't the first to face such emotional turmoil as this . "  That feeling they may have of regret and pain and shock of what they 've done . It shows they are not alone , " Lenihan said . CNN sent James Lenihan 's poem to Georgetown University Professor David Gewanter , who has published several books of poetry , including "  War Bird , " published last year . Gewanter called "  Murder : Most Foul " "  accomplished . " In an e-mail to CNN , he said the poem "  is good , and its truths are that of experience and some literary traditions . " Robert Lenihan sounded surprised when he heard Gewanter 's analysis of his father 's amateur poem . "  I 'm very deeply touched , " he said . "  For an expert to assess it that way and make such important comparisons -- I 'm amazed and quite touched . " The poetry professor said Lenihan 's poem reminded him of a famous portion of Shakespeare 's play "  Henry V " : -- From this day to the ending of the world , But we in it shall be remembered -- We few , we happy few , we band of brothers -- But Gewanter said it perhaps most closely resembles "  The Man He Killed , " a work by Thomas Hardy written at the start of World War I . In that poem , Hardy writes that the soldier and the foe he killed might have shared a drink or loaned each other money had they met somewhere other than a battlefield . James Lenihan 's poem ends not with talk of loans or drinks , but a darker scene . -- I shot a man yesterday And much to surprise A part of me died with Him When Death came to close His eyes . -- To read the entire poem , go to www.dcoe.health.mil/blog/article.aspx?id=1&postid=102	Poem tells the anguish felt by one who killed a man in war It was the only poem James Lenihan is known to have written , his children say Poetry professor calls it "  accomplished , " reminiscent of well-known works
Santa Maria , Brazil  CNN  -- Workers combing through the charred wreckage of Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil on Sunday encountered the eerie sound of ringing cell phones . Glauber Fernandes , a reporter from CNN affiliate Band News , explains . "  It was a really complicated scene . A lot of smoke , a lot of shoes that was left , cell phones , because everybody tried to get out of there running , " he said . "  While we were there , we saw the cell phones were ringing . It was parents , friends , trying to know about what was happening and nobody was answering . " A fire swept through the packed , popular nightclub in Santa Maria early Sunday , killing at least 233 people -- enough to fill a large plane -- Brazilian Health Minister Alexandro Padilha told reporters . Of those , 185 have been identified so far . Many apparently died from smoke inhalation . Others were trampled in the rush for the exits , one security guard told Band News . More than 90 people were hospitalized , Padilha said , including 14 patients with severe burns . Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history About 2,000 people were inside the club when the fire broke out -- double the maximum capacity of 1,000 , said Guido de Melo , a state fire official . Investigators have received preliminary information that security guards stopped people from exiting the club , he told Globo TV . "  People who were inside the facility informed us ... that security guards blocked the exit to prevent people there from leaving , and that 's when the crowd starting panicking , and the tragedy grew worse , " he said . The fire started "  from out of nowhere " on a stage at the club and quickly spread to the ceiling , witness Jairo Vieira told Band News . "  People started running , " survivor Luana Santos Silva told Globo TV . "  I fell on the floor . " There was a pyrotechnics show going on inside the club when the fire started . Authorities stopped short of blaming it for the blaze , saying the cause was still under investigation . The Kiss nightclub is popular with young people in Santa Maria , which is home to a number of universities and colleges , including the Federal University of Santa Maria . At least 80 of those killed Sunday were students at that school , it said . The blaze broke out during a weekend when students were celebrating the end of summer . Many universities are set to resume classes on Monday . Video from the scene showed firefighters shooting streams of water at the club and shirtless men trying to break down a wall with axes . Smoke billowed outside the front of the building as the stench of fire filled the air , said Max Muller , who was riding by on his motorbike when he saw the blaze . Muller recorded video of a chaotic scene outside the club , which showed emergency crews tending to victims and dazed clubgoers standing in the street . Bodies lay on the ground beside ambulances . Friends who were inside the club told him that many struggled to find the exits in the dark . Muller , who was not inside the club Sunday morning but has been there twice before , said there were no exit signs over the doors . It is rare to see such signs in Brazilian clubs . Valderci Oliveira , a state lawmaker , told Band News that he saw piles of bodies in the club 's bathroom when he arrived at the scene hours after the blaze . It looked "  like a war zone , " he said . Read more : How to protect yourself in a crowd Police told Band News that 90 % of the victims were found in that part of the club . The roof collapsed in several parts of the building , trapping many inside , said Fernandes , the reporter from Band News . For others , escaping was complicated by the fact that guards initially stopped people from leaving , he said , echoing comments from the state fire official . "  Some guards thought at first that it was a fight , a huge fight that happened inside the club and closed the doors so that the people could not leave without paying their bills from the club , " Fernandes said . The deadly fire is sure to shine a spotlight on safety in Brazil , which is set to host the World Cup next year and the Olympics in 2016 . Many wept as they searched for information outside a local gymnasium where bodies were taken for identification later Sunday . Inside , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff met with family members and friends as they waited on bleachers for word of their loved ones . Rousseff became teary-eyed as she spoke of the fire to reporters in Chile earlier Sunday . She had been attending a regional summit there , but cut short the trip and returned to Brazil early to deal with the aftermath of the tragedy . "  The Brazilian people are the ones who need me today , " she said . "  I want to tell the people of Santa Maria in this time of sadness that we are all together . " The fire started around 2 a.m. after the acoustic insulation in the Kiss nightclub caught fire , said Civil Defense Col. Adilomar Silva . An accordionist who had been performing onstage with a band when the blaze broke out was among the dead , drummer Eliel de Lima told Globo TV . Police were questioning the club 's owner and interviewing witnesses as part of an investigation into what caused the blaze , state-run Agencia Brasil reported . The club 's license had expired in August and had not been renewed , local fire official Moises da Silva Fuchs told Globo TV . The incident called to mind a 2003 nightclub fire in Rhode Island where pyrotechnics used by the heavy metal band Great White ignited a blaze that killed 100 people . Pyrotechnics were also involved in a 2004 nightclub fire in Argentina that killed 194 people and a 2009 explosion at a nightclub in Russia that left more than 100 dead . Shasta Darlington reported from Santa Maria , Brazil . Marilia Brocchetto and Dana Ford reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Helena DeMoura and Samira Jafari contributed to this report .	Cell phones left in the club ring , go unanswered amid the ruins The club 's license had expired in August and had not been renewed At least 80 of those killed were students at the Federal University of Santa Maria
CNN  -- Baskin-Robbins is putting five of its signature 31 flavors in the deep freeze . The company , which has thousands of outlets around the globe , is replacing some old flavors with new ones to celebrate National Ice Cream Day in the U.S. on Sunday , and Baskin-Robbin 's 65th anniversary . Caramel Praline Cheesecake , Campfire S'mores , Apple Pie a La Mode and Superfudge Truffle are leaving the list . French Vanilla , a staple since 1945 , is out , too . Srinivas Kumar , chief brand officer at the company , said "  over the decades we have retired some of our iconic flavors into our deep freeze -- like ` Miami Ice ' from the 1980s and ` Beatlenut ' in the 1960s -- but never before have five flavors gone into the deep freeze at one time . " That 's cold . And it 's ice cream lovers in the United States who 'll likely miss the flavors most . The Illinois-based National Ice Cream Retailer 's Association says the U.S is the world 's top ice cream-consuming nation . The U.S. ice cream industry generates more than $ 21 billion in annual sales , and about 9 percent of all the milk produced by U.S. dairy farmers is used to produce ice cream , according to the International Dairy Foods Association . There 's no word yet on what the new Baskin-Robbins flavors will be . And as for the old ones -- get them while you can . They 'll only be available as supplies last .	Baskin-Robbins is retiring five of its 31 flavors of ice cream The flavor purge marks the company 's 65th anniversary French Vanilla and Caramel Praline Cheesecake are out Sunday is National Ice Cream Day in the U.S.
CNN  -- Her popstar boyfriend has written a song about her "  heart of a champion , " but Victoria Azarenka is struggling to get on court at the moment . The Belorussian is unbeaten in 17 matches this year , but she has now suffered her third withdrawal of the season after a late pullout at the Miami Masters on Friday . She cited the ankle injury that forced her to miss last week 's quarterfinal against Caroline Wozniacki at Indian Wells , allowing Maria Sharapova to take the No. 2 ranking spot from her . "  The last two days I tried to practice , which did not get better so it just gives me a very obvious indication that it 's not possible for me to play , " Azarenka told reporters at Key Biscayne , where she was champion in 2009 and 2011 and this year had a first-round bye . "  Today I went on the court and I got more pain . I can not really move . It makes me very frustrated . " The Australian Open champion has been dating LMFAO 's Redfoo , whose new song "  Heart of a Champion " samples the tennis star 's trademark grunting and includes the lines "  You got ta start aggressive , Keep your feet moving , You got ta really want it , With everything you 're doing . " It even apparently alludes to her controversial Australian Open semifinal against Sloane Stephens , when the 23-year-old angered fans by taking a lengthy medical break at a crucial point in the match against the U.S. newcomer , citing breathing difficulties . The chorus includes : "  When you 're losing your breathing , Your body is sore , To be the last one standing , In the eye of a storm , It takes the heart of a champion . " Redfoo , the son of Motown Records founder Berry Gordy , is a keen tennis player himself and has entered in regional qualifying playoffs for this year 's U.S. Open . The 37-year-old rapper will try to get through in both singles and doubles , in which he will partner Ayaka Okuno , 17 , who he has been coaching . "  It 's always been a dream of mine to play professional tennis , " he said in a statement last week . Azarenka 's withdrawal allowed 19-year-old Lauren Davis into the main draw , and she took her chance -- saving three match points against Madison Keys before beating her fellow American 6-1 5-7 7-6  9-7  in the second-round match . There was also a walkover in the men 's event in Miami , as third seed David Ferrer progressed to the third round after Russia 's Dmitry Turnsunov pulled out due to illness . The Spaniard will next play Italian 32nd seed Fabio Fognini .	World No. 3 Victoria Azarenka pulls out of Miami tournament due to ankle injury She was also forced to withdraw at Indian Wells due to the problem Azarenka 's popstar boyfriend Redfoo has released a song dedicated to her He is a keen tennis player and has entered qualifying for the U.S. Open this year
