Kenya  CNN  -- More than a month after Somali militants from Al-Shabaab massacred 67 people at a mall in Nairobi , a Kenyan rapid response team has now been deployed to the northeastern border of the country to secure the closed border crossing into neighboring Somalia . But official border crossings are far from the only routes into Somalia . Branching brazenly off from government roads are panya routes or "  rat routes " -- paths hacked out of the undergrowth that are used by smugglers to cross back and forth between Kenya and Somalia undetected . They 're certainly a smoother ride than the official roads -- and in spite of the Kenyan government 's efforts to beef up border security after the Westgate Mall attack , we see no government presence as we cruise down the trail . Traveling on these smugglers ' routes , we 've managed to enter Somalia from Kenya without showing any ID , without going through any checkpoints , and without going through any kind of a security process . Nighttime is rush hour on the panya routes . People and goods are ferried back and forth , but everyone is too afraid to stop for long here , even to help the stranded families we see along the way . Many are escaping the uncertainty back home in Somalia , but some are seeking to enter Kenya undetected for other reasons . The panya routes end in Kenya at the world 's largest refugee camp . Somali refugees have long fled to the Dadaab camp , and it is currently the target of the Kenyan government 's post-Westgate ire . Hiding among refugees Authorities believe that during the build-up to the Westgate siege , Al-Shabaab operatives traveled from Somalia through the panya routes and hid among the refugees in the camp in northeast Kenya . It 's from there , Kenyan authorities say , that the operatives , hiding in plain sight , made their way through government checkpoints with other undocumented migrants and then deeper into Kenya . My colleague and I board one of the many buses carrying people from Dadaab to Nairobi and ask the conductor how much the fare is . Two tickets cost about $ 12 , but the price skyrockets when we tell him we do n't have legal documentation to be in Kenya . The conductor says $ 230 will buy us the use of fake Kenyan IDs and a safe trip . We do n't need the IDs , but others on the bus do . "  Do n't worry , " he says . "  You 're not alone . " We count out the cash and he hands us IDs from a stash he 's been handing out on the bus . That 's all it takes . As we arrive at Garissa , the main town in eastern Kenya , passengers line up at the checkpoint . Security officers scrutinize thumbprints with the help of a magnifying glass , comparing them against the fake IDs . We overhear one woman take a police officer aside and tell him bluntly she that does n't have valid papers . Everyone , including the woman , is waved back on to the bus and on their way to the country 's capital . I show my official documentation -- not the fake IDs we purchased -- and join them . Vetting challenges Kenyan interior minister Ole Lenku acknowledges the challenge posed by police officers who willfully ignore obviously fake IDs for migrants , and says his department is committed to stamping out the problem . A new vetting process will remove corrupt officials from the system , according to Lenku . He says : "  People are noticing that there 's a new requirement for service in terms of integrity and that those who will not meet that threshold will not be allowed into their service . "  The Kenya-Somali border is roughly 780 kilometers -- that 's a very long border . It is a major security concern for us because the points of entry are far too many but definitely as a country we , with our defense forces in Somalia , one of the areas that they 're supposed to look after is to take care of that border . What we are working on is a surveillance system using technology that will be able to show us what is happening in the entire borderline . " Repatriation deal In the meantime , the Kenyan government has signed a voluntary repatriation agreement with Somalia and the U.N. that will provide support for Somalis who wish to return to their country . The goal is to reduce numbers at the Dadaab refugee camp , where Kenyan officials believe some security threats may originate . Lenku says : "  Remember , the process is voluntary , but again the United Nation High Commission for Refugees has confirmed that the areas -LSB- in Somalia -RSB- these people are relocating back to are safe . "  It 's a win-win , taking away the heavy burden that came in terms of our security because criminals unfortunately have taken advantage of that hospitality to carry -LSB- out -RSB- criminal activities not only in the camps but to plan for them in the country . " But as long as the traffic continues to flow across the many rat routes on the border -- and when a fake identity is only one simple transaction away -- will repatriating a few Somali refugees be enough to protect Kenya ? ` Ruthless leader ' aims to extend reach of Al-Shabaab Former spy : Kenya mall attack ` could have been prevented '	"  Panya " routes are used by smugglers to cross between Kenya and Somalia Some are escaping uncertainty in Somalia -- others seeking to enter Kenya undetected for other reasons Kenyan interior minister Ole Lenku acknowledges the challenges He says they are working on a new surveillance system
CNN  -- A kung fu legend , a cha cha champion , a record-breaking filmmaker and a poet . Not one of the world 's most random dinner party assemblies , but a single man who became an icon . Bruce Lee was all of those things and a new exhibition in Hong Kong , where Lee spent his childhood and became a martial arts film star , is being launched to celebrate the man and commemorate the 40th anniversary of his death . "  Bruce Lee : Kung Fu . Art . Life " will open in the Hong Kong Heritage Museum on July 20 , exactly 40 years after his death . It will run for five years . Lee died on July 20 , 1973 , at 32 , after suffering a reaction to pain medication , according to the Bruce Lee Foundation . Martial arts actor Jim Kelly , best known for ` Enter the Dragon , ' dies The exhibition gathers more than 600 items related to Lee from collectors and various institutions , including more than 400 from the Bruce Lee Foundation -- the largest number of artifacts the foundation has ever lent out . Among the exhibits are his iconic yellow tracksuit , footage from Lee 's eight classic films  including "  The Big Boss , " "  Fists of Fury , " "  The Way of the Dragon , " "  Enter the Dragon " and "  Game of Death "  , the first American magazine cover featuring Lee and the notebook he kept featuring 108 different cha cha dance steps . Lee won Hong Kong 's Cha Cha Championship in 1958 . The exhibition will recreate scenes from Lee 's movies , his gym and his study , and will also house a special collector series showcasing various items from around the world . The first collection features more than 100 items from U.S. collector Perry Lee , related to the TV series "  The Green Hornet , " in which Lee starred as Kato . Silver Cheung , a local film art director , will be the art director for the exhibition . The Federation of Hong Kong Filmmakers has produced a 75-minute documentary , "  The Brilliant Life of Bruce Lee , " which will be screened in the museum . Sculptor Chu Tat-shing has created a new 3.5-meter side-kicking statue of Lee and animation artist Shannon Ma will present a 3D hologram animation of Lee 's nunchaku moves and kicks . The exhibition will run alongside other Bruce Lee programs organized by the museum , the first of which is themed , "  The Bruce Lee that Hong Kong knew . " Shannon Lee , Bruce Lee 's daughter , will start the program with a gallery talk . Reservations , online or at the door , are required . Online reservations are available from July 4 on the Hong Kong Heritage Museum 's website . Bruce Lee : Kung Fu . Art . Life , July 20 , 2013-2018 ; Hong Kong Heritage Museum , 1 Man Lam Road , Sha Tin , Hong Kong ; +852 2180 8188 ; HK$ 10  $ 1.30  including ticket to the documentary ; free admission on Wednesday ; open Monday to Sunday , 10 a.m.-6p . m.  weekdays  and 10 a.m.-7p . m.  weekend and public holidays	Hong Kong Heritage Museum to launch a five-year exhibition on Bruce Lee The exhibition "  Bruce Lee : Kung Fu . Art . Life " showcases more than 600 artifacts Lee 's famous yellow tracksuits , film set recreations and personal notebooks will be featured
CNN  -- So used to being the only British man in the second round at grand slams -- especially outside Wimbledon -- Andy Murray will have company at the U.S. Open . Although Murray did n't play his first-round match against Michael Llodra on Monday , the defending champion is fully expected to defeat the French veteran . And if he indeed gets to the round of 64 , he will find qualifier Dan Evans alongside him . Evans became the first men 's player outside the top 150 in the world rankings to defeat a top-15 rival at the U.S. Open in six years when he dispatched Japan 's Kei Nishikori . The 179th-ranked Evans did n't only beat Nishikori -- he won in straight sets 6-4 6-4 6-2 . After Evans rallied from a break down in the first set , he cruised . "  When I saw the draw , it was a little bit daunting but I went out and I played a good game and he did n't react that well to how I was playing , " Evans told Sky Sports . Once described as the bad boy of British tennis because he liked partying and did n't practice hard enough , Evans has seemingly turned his career around in recent months . The 23-year-old sent Britain into the Davis Cup world group playoffs when he crushed Russia 's Evgeny Donskoy in April in the decisive fifth match . Murray decided to skip the series but is expected to feature when Britain faces Croatia in September with a spot in next year 's world group at stake . With his performance in New York , Evans now has the edge over James Ward in being the No. 2 behind Murray in the tie . Ward failed to qualify for Flushing Meadows . Ahead of the U.S. Open , Evans reached challenger finals in Vancouver and California to see his ranking move from around 250 to his current 179 . Qualifying and toppling Nishikori will see the diminutive shot-maker 's ranking rise yet further . "  I 've just been on the practice court a lot more and in the gym a lot more , " Evans said . "  It 's been a gradual process from January onwards and I 'm reaping the rewards of it now . " Britain had another winner on day one of the season 's last major , as Laura Robson overcame Lourdes Dominguez Lino 7-5 6-0 . Robson was one of the young stars of the 2012 edition , sending crowd favorite Kim Clijsters into singles retirement and also upending Li Na . Her 2013 , though , has been blighted by injuries and a coaching change . She has yet to register a quarterfinal showing at any event this campaign . Elsewhere , men 's favorite Rafael Nadal eased past American Ryan Harrison in straight sets and Venus Williams maintained her record of never losing in the first round of the U.S. Open when she beat 12th-seeded Kirsten Flipkens 6-1 6-2 . Nadal missed last year 's U.S. Open due to knee troubles . "  For me , the chance to be back here playing -- I have a chance to compete this year -- is great , " Nadal , unbeaten on hard courts this year , told reporters . Flipkens , the Wimbledon semifinalist , had gotten the better of Williams in Toronto this month in the 33-year-old American 's comeback from a back injury . Blake to retire Andy Roddick retired last year after the U.S. Open and Mardy Fish 's days on the tennis tour might be numbered given his health issues . Now a third member of the U.S. 's older generation , James Blake -- like Williams 33 -- said Monday in an emotional news conference he would quit following the U.S. Open . "  Despite the tears , I 'm actually really happy about this , " Blake told reporters . Diagnosed with severe scoliosis as a teen and later breaking his neck in a practice accident , Blake persevered . He reached a career high of No. 4 , has claimed 10 titles , won a Davis Cup and played at the prestigious year-end championships . His career , however , has been slowed by injuries in recent years and he became a father in 2012 .	Daniel Evans pulls off a major upset on the opening day of tennis ' U.S. Open Evans , ranked 179th , beats No. 11 seed Kei Nishikori in straight sets in New York Venus Williams , Agnieszka Radwanska and Li Na were first-round women 's winners James Blake will retire after the U.S. Open , putting an end to his 14-year pro career
CNN  -- I still remember the chill that came over me the day my middle school history teacher showed the class a documentary about the Holocaust . Millions of Jews were systematically isolated , corralled and eventually murdered by the Nazi regime . It 's a horrible blemish on the history of mankind , one that is rarely brought up lightly . It 's one that is recognized in museums , dramatized in film and taught in middle schools like the one I went to nearly 30 years ago . And yet , despite my continuous exposure to the retelling of the Holocaust , it was n't until I was in my mid-20s that I learned Hitler had also isolated , corralled and murdered gay men and lesbians during this time as well . Right now I can hear the voices ask : What does it matter ? I had graduated from high school before I learned some of the greatest voices during the Harlem Renaissance and civil rights movement -- Lorraine Hansberry , James Baldwin , Bayard Rustin -- were members of the LGBT community . It was in graduate school when I first heard the name Harvey Milk . I was a working journalist before I was told about Dave Kopay , the former NFL running back who came out in his 1977 autobiography , "  The Dave Kopay Story . " And now the chorus of voices ask : So what ? Over the years , I am proud to say I have amassed a decent personal library . Most of the books are about history : presidential biographies , wars , social justice movements . And yet , it was only this week -- thanks to longtime civil rights activist David Mixner -- that I learned Congress once debated passing a law forcing gay men to wear tattoos and corralling those who were HIV positive into internment camps . Yes , just like the Jews . Just like the gay men who were next to those Jews in Nazi Germany but have since disappeared from our history books . It is here where the cynic wonders : Who needs to know ? With the overturning of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the sweeping changes in marriage equality , the presence of open LGBT people working in the White House , on TV , even in professional sports , there may be some who believe the heart of homophobia no longer beats . Much in the same way others believed the burning of bras slayed sexism and the election of President Barack Obama was racism 's death knell . One of the most powerful CEOs on the planet has announced he is a proud gay man , and while I may be hesitant to characterized Apple 's Tim Cook proclamation "  brave , " it is nonetheless important . He is here . Just as Hansberry and Rustin and Milk were there -- working for the greater good , changing the course of global history , woven into the fabric of humanity . The voices may ask : What difference does it make ? Let the absence of LGBT people in our retelling of our history be the reply . For if being gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender truly did not matter , why then must we fight to have our contributions recognized ? Why then , when California became the first state to require our stories be included in the history books , was it met with resistance in 2011 ? That conservative state Assemblyman Tim Donnelly described the day the bill was signed into law "  sad " as if simply learning that a group of people existed infringed upon his Constitutional rights . To be honest , Cook 's announcement is no great shock to anyone who has been paying attention to the rumor mill . But by owning his truth in such a public fashion , Cook is not only rebuking the tendency many LGBT baby boomers still have to hide , but he is also refusing to allow his silence to render him hidden . When the middle school history teachers speak of him , they will have his full story to share . Going forward , chants of "  who cares ? " will accompany nearly every person of note who chooses to come out publicly . Even among LGBT people , shoulder shrugs will not be that uncommon , as if debates about internment camps happened in the 1880s and not the 1980s . Yes , the country is different , and being gay is no longer shocking . But it is a mistake to confuse that progress with Cook 's announcement having no importance . For far too long , the story of the LGBT community has been scrubbed from our education , contributions erased and existence relegated to the poorly lit corner of bookstores under the banner "  Alternative Lifestyle . " We are not a "  lifestyle . " We are a people , and we were there . And we are here .	LZ Granderson was an adult when he learned gay people were also Nazi victims He also learned key members of the Harlem Renaissance , civil rights movement were LGBT Why does it matter ? Granderson says it 's crucial gay people not be scrubbed from history It 's important to know the full story of people such as Apple CEO Tim Cook , he says
CNN  -- Sometimes , when you least expect it , the good guys win . Sometimes , the good guy is a woman -- a strong , wise and extraordinarily brave woman , such as Aung San Suu Kyi . Suu Kyi , 67 , has led her people in a decades ' long quest for democracy in Burma , the country renamed Myanmar by a brutal military dictatorship , which now appears ready to usher in democratic reform . At a time when the struggle against dictatorships elsewhere in the world seems to bring nothing but disappointment and bloodshed , Suu Kyi 's freedom and the richly deserved accolades she is receiving are a welcome reminder that nonviolence , smartly deployed and backed by powerful international supporters , can become a most powerful weapon . This week , Suu Kyi made a triumphant and stirring return to the world stage , traveling to the West , her home for 24 years before she became an accidental leader of the revolution and the regime 's prisoner in her home in Yangon , the generals ' new name for Rangoon . Suu Kyi was received as a hero in world capitals . She spoke to the British Parliament and received an honorary degree at Oxford University . But the most poignant moment of her five-country trip came when she delivered the Nobel Peace Prize lecture in Oslo , Norway . She gave the speech more than 20 years after her chair had stood empty on the stage during awards ceremony in 1991 , the year she won the prize , as she languished in isolation , enduring years of house arrest . "  The Lady , " as she is known among her countrymen and women , stands as one of the few genuine heroes of our time , someone in the mold of Nelson Mandela and Mohandas Gandhi , who not only inspired by their ideals and sacrifice but , just as importantly , who prevailed in achieving their goals against powerful foes . There was always something mystical about the way the small , willowy woman struck fear in the hearts of the generals -- humorless men in starched uniforms , leading one of the world 's largest armies and most ruthless regimes . Her family name was well-known at home before she became an activist . Her father , Gen. Bogyoke Aung San , was the hero of Burma 's battle against British colonial rule and a revered statesman . During the first quarter-century after the military took power , Suu Kyi lived abroad , as a mother , wife and academic . But then her mother became ill . She traveled to Burma from her home in Oxford to care for her . Suddenly , she was in the middle of a revolution . When anti-junta protests broke out in August 1988 , she addressed a crowd of hundreds of thousands at the iconic Shwedagon Pagoda Buddhist shrine in Yangon . She unexpectedly became the movement 's leader and her life changed forever . She would spend 15 of the next 22 years as a prisoner in her own home . The regime put down the uprising  known as 8-8-88  killing some 3,000 protesters . Suu Kyi found herself as a top target of the regime . Even under arrest she managed to lead efforts to topple the dictatorship . The West looked to her for guidance . She looked to her Buddhist faith , learning to understand and endure her own suffering and keep her focus not on herself but on the larger goals of human rights and freedom for all . She told the West to maintain strict sanctions . She feared the world would forget her , as she lived out her life in isolation under heavy guard on Yangon 's University Avenue . In 1999 , when her husband was dying of cancer in Britain , the junta refused to let him come to Burma to say goodbye , offering instead to let her leave . She knew if she traveled abroad she would never be allowed to return . She stayed a prisoner in Burma and never saw her husband again . Suu Kyi 's unique brand of "  realistic idealism " appears to have succeeded in pressuring the junta to start relinquishing power . She won a seat in parliament in April elections , part of a slow process of promised democratization . She is preparing her party , the National League for Democracy , for general elections in 2015 . Her personal story , closely braided with that of her country , proves that nonviolence is not just a philosophy , not just a moral stance . Instead , it is a tool that can bring heavily armed opponents to their knees . The technique worked because her charisma , spirituality and moral courage inspired not only her people , but the rest of the world . That created the pressure to build international economic sanctions that eventually forced the regime to fold . There 's more to it , of course . China , the junta 's protector , overplayed its hand in exploiting Burma 's vast natural resources . But the bottom line is that without international support , the strategy probably would not have worked . Without Suu Kyi , the world would not have known about the misery and repression that the junta had foisted on the Burmese people . Nonviolence is not always a viable course of action -- its slow methods can run out of time , or simply fail against despotism -- but sometimes it can work . I had counted myself as a skeptic -- until I traveled to Burma during the days when it all seemed hopeless and finally understood what her presence there meant to the Burmese people . In Burma and in the Burmese refugee camps on the Thai side of the border , I discovered just what Suu Kyi 's strength and personal sacrifice meant to her people . She had become their only source of solace , their only reason for hope . She was also their movement 's brilliant strategist . In recent months , the generals who have ruled Burma since 1962 have declared their commitment to democratic change and have started loosening restrictions on political activity . The world is taking its cue from the woman who has become a moral compass . For years she was the one who insisted the West should not lift economic sanctions , even when that meant more hardships for her and her people . But now she says she cautiously believes the generals are serious about reform . Ever the realist , Suu Kyi has warned against overconfidence , calling for "  healthy skepticism " about reforms . But if she and her supporters do , in fact , forge democracy in their country , as now seems probable , it is because she was able to leverage her appeal to bring harsh international sanctions against Burma . Suu Kyi has proven her wisdom . She has proven she is one of the few people who truly deserve to become a hero , an icon of their time . And she has shown , just when we needed it most , that even in a time of grim realities , heroes can win in the end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Aung San Suu Kyi 's quest for democracy inspires with its apparent success Ghitis says others struggling with dictatorships can look to her as reminder they can win She says Suu Kyi 's charisma and sacrifice made her a leader that drew world to her cause Ghitis : Suu Kyi has proven that she 's among few who deserve to be called a hero
CNN  -- It was a busy week for Facebook , which hit a major milestone , made fashion news and made some users uneasy about privacy again . In case you missed it , here are the highlights : 1 . Reached 1 billion users In short : As of October 4 , one of every seven people on the planet are actively using Facebook each month . "  Helping a billion people connect is amazing , humbling and by far the thing I am most proud of in my life , " Zuckerberg told CNN Money . The reaction : On the CNN Facebook page we asked if readers knew anyone who did n't use the service . Responses came in from around the world , including China , where a Facebook user said the service is "  not allowed . " Shauna Racette-Graham wrote , "  Yup I know ppl who do n't use FB , I think they are just weird . " Jo Ann wrote , "  Yep , my mother . Yet she has no problem texting me obsessively ! " Chris Horne may not know them personally , but he wrote , "  Tons of old people do n't use Facebook . " The most detailed answer probably came from Esperanca Pizzolante , "  My mom , some colleagues , an ex-boyfriend , a politics teacher two or three financial executives ... " 2 . Released an ad that confused people In short : As a way to celebrate their role as the connective tissue of society , Facebook released their first advertisement , "  The Things That Connect Us . " The ad compares the site to things ranging from bridges to chairs . The reaction : A parody Twitter account @Facebookschair and general head-scratching . "  Does anyone understand that Facebook ad yet ? " posted @Facebookschair "  I do n't and I was its star ! " "  Chairs are for people . And this is why chairs are like Facebook " the ad states , showing rows of empty chairs . "  Honored to have been featured in Facebook 's first commercial , " posted @InvisibleObama , a parody account that cropped up after Clint Eastwood 's mock debate with an empty chair at the Republican convention . 3 . Had CEO Zuckerberg admit he wears the same thing every day  as if we could n't see In short : Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in an interview on "  NBC 's Today " that he lives a "  simple " life and proudly wears the same thing every day .  A grey T-shirt The reaction : Making too many decisions about mundane details is a waste of your mental energy , says the Harvard Business Review . In the October issue of Vanity Fair President Obama said this : "  You 'll see I wear only gray or blue suits , " he said . "  I 'm trying to pare down decisions . I do n't want to make decisions about what I 'm eating or wearing . Because I have too many other decisions to make . " He mentioned research that shows the simple act of making decisions degrades one 's ability to make further decisions . It 's why shopping is so exhausting . "  You need to focus your decision-making energy . You need to routinize yourself . You ca n't be going through the day distracted by trivia . " Other successful people known to wear the same thing every day ? Steve Jobs and Albert Einstein . CNN Commenter MarkM87 said , "  How you dress reflects you personality . When you look good , you feel good . Zuckerberg is obviously an incredibly boring person with no personality . " Bruno Domingues disagrees . "  Funny , I do the same thing . Because I do n't like to have to think about what I am going to wear so when I find something I like , I buy more than one piece . Just very practical people I guess . " 4 . Redefined private In short : The Next Web reported Thursday that Facebook "  confirmed scanning users ' private messages for shared links to Web pages with Like buttons , so it can increase the number of corresponding Likes for those pages . " Facebook 's response : "  We did recently find a bug with our social plugins where at times the count for the Share or Like goes up by two , and we are working on a fix to solve the issue now . To be clear , this only affects social plugins off of Facebook and is not related to Facebook Page likes . This bug does not impact the user experience with messages or what appears on their timelines . " An update and further explanation are at The Next Web . The reaction : Spke posted , "  Who cares , exactly what gmail does to serve ads " "  This has to make you wonder what other stats FB is inflating , " @rk tweeted . 5 . Offered to promote personal posts -- for a $ 7 fee In short : Users in the U.S. can promote their personal posts for a $ 7 per-post fee . "  When you promote a post it is placed higher in the news feed so your friends and subscribers are more likely to notice it , " Facebook wrote in a blog post . The reaction : "  $ 7 to promote you posts ? There 's a Zucker born every minute , " wrote sapient69 . Many suggested cutting down on the number of "  fake friends . " Lisztman wrote , "  I do n't see a problem with someone paying to advertise . The sidebar does that very nicely . What I 'd rather see ? A mechanism for the subscriber  that would be me  to push certain post-ers , or friends , up or down . I believe that what I see on MY newsfeed should be what I myself wish to see -- not what someone else thinks I need . " The reaction on the CNN Facebook page was a capitalized and often heavily punctuated "  NO ! " "  Hell no I 'd just Google + , " wrote Kevin E Poindexter . "  If that happens I will use MySpace , " wrote Michelle Marie Denison . Justin , I hope you 're listening .	Facebook is giving users the option to pay to get a friend 's attention The 1 billion user mark ? A big deal to some The first Facebook ad : Directed by Clint Eastwood . OK , not really
Rodney King , whose beating by Los Angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera and sparked riots after the acquittal of the four officers involved , was found dead in his swimming pool Sunday , authorities and his fiancee said . He was 47 . Police in Rialto , California , received a 911 call from King 's fiancee , Cynthia Kelly , about 5:25 a.m. , said Capt. Randy De Anda . Responding officers found King at the bottom of the pool , removed him and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation until paramedics arrived . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital , police said . There were no preliminary signs of foul play , De Anda said , and no obvious injuries on King 's body . Police are conducting a drowning investigation , he said , and King 's body would be autopsied . Rodney King : What happened in 1991 Kelly -- who was a juror in King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles in 1994 -- told police King was an "  avid swimmer , " but that she was not , De Anda said . She reported the two had just had a conversation and she went inside , but came back out after hearing a splash and saw him at the bottom of the pool . De Anda said he did not see any drug paraphernalia "  or anything that would indicate that Mr. King was intoxicated " at the scene , but a toxicology screen would be performed . King 's beating after a high-speed car chase and its aftermath forever changed Los Angeles , its police department and the dialogue on race in America . "  I am saddened by the death of Rodney King , " said Bernard Parks , a Los Angeles city councilman who served as LAPD chief from 1997 to 2002 . "  Although his beating will forever be thought of as one of the ugliest moments in the history of the city of Los Angeles and its police department , the victimization of Mr. King and the circumstances that followed created an atmosphere that allowed LAPD and the city to make historic disciplinary and community-based reforms that have made for a better police department and a better city as a whole . " "  Rodney King was a symbol of civil rights and he represented the anti-police brutality and anti-racial profiling movement of our time , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said in a statement . "  It was his beating that made America focus on the presence of profiling and police misconduct . " King was 25 and on parole after a robbery conviction in March 1991 . In an interview in 2011 , he recalled he had been drinking and was headed home from a friend 's house when he saw a police car following him and panicked , thinking he would be sent back to prison . So he attempted to flee . "  I had a job to go to that Monday , and I knew I was on parole , and I knew I was n't supposed to be drinking , and I 'm like ` Oh , my God , ' " he told CNN . Related : Rodney King looks back without anger He realized he could n't outrun the police , but looked for a public place to stop . "  I saw all those apartments over there , so I said , ` I 'm gon na stop right there , ' " he said . " ` If it goes down , somebody will see it . ' " An amateur cameraman caught the scene as four white police officers struck King more than 50 times with their wooden batons and used a stun gun on him . King said as the officers beat him , they yelled , "  We are going to kill you , n *** er , " although the officers denied using racial slurs . The video shows King cowering on the ground and attempting to crawl away as he is surrounded by a crowd of police officers . Four of them used their nightsticks to strike him . King was beaten nearly to death . Three surgeons operated on him for five hours . The video of the beating appeared on national television two days later , focusing attention on the issue of racially-motivated police brutality . "  We finally caught the Loch Ness Monster with a camcorder , " King attorney Milton Grimes said . Four LAPD officers -- Theodore Briseno , Laurence Powell , Timothy Wind and Sgt. Stacey Koon -- were indicted on charges of assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force by a police officer . But following a three-month trial in the predominantly white Los Angeles suburb of Simi Valley , three of the officers were acquitted of all charges . The jury , which had no black members , deadlocked on one charge of excessive force against Powell , and a mistrial was declared on that charge . Powell 's attorney , Michael Stone , said last year the unedited video worked against King and helped prove the officers ' case . "  Most of the nation only saw a few snippets where it 's the most violent , " Stone said . "  They did n't see  King  get up and run at Powell . " But African-Americans in Los Angeles exploded in outrage . Rioters ran through the streets -- looting businesses , torching buildings and attacking those who were in the wrong place at the wrong time . The violence was responsible for more than 50 deaths and $ 1 billion in property damage . On the third day of rioting , King emerged from seclusion to make a plea : "  People , I just want to say , can we all get along ? Can we get along ? " The violence ceased , but the debate did not . Nearly a year later , the four officers stood trial in federal court on civil rights charges . Two African-Americans were picked for the jury , and King testified . He hedged , however , on whether police used racial slurs during the beating . He told CNN in 2011 that slurs were used , but said he vacillated on the stand because his mother had told him to avoid talking about race . Koon and Powell were found guilty and sentenced to 30 months in prison . Briseno and Wind were acquitted . "  It was like ... I just hope we just get one , " King said . "  I hope we just get one on that . If we get one , we 're good . So to get the two , I was really happy . " King also sued the city of Los Angeles . "  Half of them had no sympathy whatsoever , " Kelly , his fiancee , told CNN in 2011 about her fellow jurors . " ... They just did n't care . Like , ` He broke the law . He deserved what he got . ' I told them they were crazy . It was about justice for what happened to him . No one deserves to get beat like that . " The other jurors came around , and King was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . In later years , King had several more run-ins with the law , including a 90-day jail stint in 1996 for a hit-and-run involving his wife at the time . On the 20th anniversary of the beating in 2011 , he was pulled over and ticketed for a minor traffic violation . "  The trouble that  people  see me in is a part of my life that I 'm working on , " he said in 2011 . "  I 'll always have an issue when it comes to alcohol . My dad was an alcoholic . The addiction part is in my blood . What I 've learned to do is arrest my addiction -- arrest it myself , so I do n't get arrested . " In 2008 , King appeared on the VH1 reality show "  Celebrity Rehab . " He also released a memoir , "  The Riot Within , " in which he describes his difficult upbringing and his reflections on the beating and its aftermath . "  He was a wonderful , sweet man , " said Bob Forrest , a Los Angeles-based musician and drug counselor who worked with King on "  Celebrity Rehab . " He said King struggled with his sobriety . "  He and I would talk off and on . Sometimes he was doing great , sometimes not . He was always gracious , an honest and gentle soul . " "  He was a wonderful , kind and gentle man , " said Dr. Drew Pinsky of "  Celebrity Rehab , " who also appears on CNN sister network HLN . "  He was at the center of a maelstrom and was able to maintain dignity and really keep his head high in a way that was an example for all of us . " The ranks of Los Angeles police are much more diverse than they were at the time of King 's beating . Changes have also been made -- some compelled by the courts -- in the way certain neighborhoods are patrolled and how complaints are handled . Sharpton said in his statement Sunday that he had recently spent time with King discussing the release of his book . "  Through all that he had gone through with his beating and personal demons , he was never one to not call for reconciliation and for his people to overcome and forgive , " Sharpton said . King said last year on the 20th anniversary of his beating that he has forgiven the officers who beat him . "  Yes , I 've forgiven them , because I 've been forgiven many times , " he said . "  My country 's been good to me ... This country is my house , it 's the only home I know , so I have to be able to forgive -- for the future , for the younger generation coming behind me , so ... they can understand it and if a situation like that happened again , they could deal with it a lot easier . " Overheard on CNN.com : Rodney King ` had demons . But called them his own ' A timeline of events in Rodney King 's life	Rodney King is found dead in his swimming pool Riots broke out in 1992 after the officers were acquitted in his beating King had said he had forgiven the officers who beat him nearly to death
CNN  -- Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a move to Inter Milan in favor of returning to Bundesliga club Stuttgart on loan for the season . Alexander Hleb is presented to the media after completing his loan move to former club Stuttgart . Hleb had been expected to be part of the swap deal that saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Samuel Eto'o switch clubs earlier this week . But the 28-year-old Belarus international has opted against joining Cameroon striker Eto'o at the San Siro due to the limited prospects of regular football under Jose Mourinho , and instead decided to return to Germany . Hleb left Stuttgart four years ago to move to English Premier League side Arsenal , where he spent three seasons -- including reaching the Champions League final in 2006 , which the Gunners lost to Barcelona . Top 20 summer transfer targets Hleb eventually ended up moving to the Nou Camp last summer , but struggled to claim a place in the side and was omitted from the 18-man squad that beat Manchester United in this year 's Champions League final . Hleb told Stuttgart 's official Web site he had moved to Markus Babbel 's side because of their prospects for the coming season . "  I have opted for Stuttgart because the team has great potential and I am convinced that we can achieve a lot together , " the 28-year-old said . Stuttgart general manager Horst Heldt added : "  We have signed a world class player with Alexander Hleb . He will increase the quality of our squad even further . " Stuttgart had seen moves for both Real Madrid 's Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Vagner Love of CSKA Moscow break down in recent weeks .	Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a switch to Inter Milan Hleb had been expected to be part of the Ibrahimovic and Eto'o swap transfer However , he has chosen to rejoin former club Stuttgart in a one-year loan deal
CNN  -- As Parisians head to the polls for a second round of municipal elections this Sunday , one of two women could become Paris ' first "  Madame le Maire " . On the left is the Socialist candidate , Spanish-born Anne Hidalgo , 54 , the deputy mayor under Paris ' incumbent Bertrand Delanoë . On the right is Natalie Kosciusko-Morizet , 40 , a former minister in Nicolas Sarkozy 's center-right government . As women have long been underrepresented in French politics , this upcoming local election is expected to be an historic one . Today , women make up 26.9 % of National Assembly députés , while in local politics they account for just 13.9 % . Click on the flashing icons above to discover more about the two contenders going head to head in Paris ' mayoral elections . Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this piece .	Mayoral elections will be held in Paris this weekend For the first time the two contenders battling it out for the role are both women Socialist Anne Hidalgo is the frontrunner but rival Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet is closing the gap
CNN  -- T.J. Lane did n't belong to any particular clique in the schools he attended , fellow students said . Those who knew him described him as quiet , someone who was guarded and rarely spoke about his tumultuous family life . But they never would have thought that he 'd be described as a killer -- until Monday , when students say they saw Lane walk up to a table in the cafeteria of Ohio 's Chardon High School with a gun . Police have not named the alleged gunman , a juvenile , but many witnesses have identified the attacker as Lane . One victim died Monday . Two others were declared dead on Tuesday . One other remained hospitalized Tuesday . A fifth victim was released , officials said . Lane made an initial juvenile court appearance Tuesday afternoon , during which he was ordered to remain in custody . Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said Tuesday that the suspect would likely be tried as an adult . Prosecutor David Joyce predicted that the 17-year-old sophomore will face three counts of aggravated murder "  as well as other counts . " He said Lane has admitted taking a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into Chardon High School on Monday morning and firing 10 rounds , choosing his victims randomly . All Chardon schools closed Tuesday ; counselors on hand Teresa Hunt said her niece rode the school bus each day with Lane , and he displayed no warning signs of the violence allegedly to come . "  He was a really nice kid to her , " Hunt said . "  He would n't start up a conversation , but if she talked to him , he would hold the conversation with her . She said her niece noted no personality changes in Lane in the weeks leading up to Monday 's shooting . Haley Kovacik , a friend who talked with Lane a few times a week , said the violence left her and others who knew him in "  complete shock . " "  He seemed like a very normal , just teenage boy , " Kovacik said of Lane . "  He did have a sad look in his eyes a lot of the time , but he talked normally , he never said anything strange . " Yet for all their talks , Kovacik noted there was a lot she did n't know about Lane . Lane lived with his grandparents and was slow to open up about his personal life , according to friends . While he was known by many around Chardon High School , located 30 miles east of Cleveland , at the time of the shooting he was there to be transported to Lake Academy Alternative School in nearby Willoughby . The school describes itself as a place for "  at risk " students who are "  reluctant learners " struggling with problems such as "  substance abuse / chemical dependency , anger issues , mental health issues , truancy , delinquency , difficulties with attention/organization , and academic deficiencies . " Lane may have been dealing with his own family problems , according to reports by The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland . Lane 's father , Thomas Lane Jr. , has been arrested several times for violent crimes against female acquaintances , including Lane 's mother , the newspaper reported citing court documents . Between 1995 and 1997 , the first two years of Lane 's life , his father and his mother were both arrested for domestic violence against each other , the paper reported . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and he also was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall , the newspaper reported . It was unclear how much contact Lane had with his father . He rarely opened up about his family , some said . "  I 've asked him once or twice , but he never would go into detail . He just said he had family trouble , " Kovacik said Evan Erasmus , who said his family knew Lane 's family , was among several students who said what happened Monday took them totally by surprise . "  I was really shocked when I found out it was him , " Erasmus said . "  He was quiet , but was one of the nicest kids there . You could talk to him really easily . He was funny . " According to Kovacik , Lane told her that "  he enjoyed hunting , he enjoyed video games , just normal things . " "  Everybody was in disbelief . Nobody could believe that T.J.  shot the students  , " Kovacik said . Recent posts on Lane 's Facebook page show him sharing links to music videos from groups like Grimes and Blood on the Dance Floor , listing his sister in his profile and uploading photos of himself . Yet one long , poetic rant , from December 30 , appears to be darker . The post refers to "  a quaint lonely town ,  where there  sits a man with a frown  who  longed for only one thing , the world to bow at his feet . " "  He was better than the rest , all those ones he detests , within their castles , so vain , " he wrote . Lane then writes about going through "  the castle ... like an ominous breeze through the trees , " past guards -- all leading up to the post 's dramatic conclusion . "  Feel death , not just mocking you . Not just stalking you but inside of you , " he writes . "  Wriggle and writhe . Feel smaller beneath my might . Seizure in the Pestilence that is my scythe . Die , all of you . " After getting three positive reviews , Lane wrote : "  much obliged to all who ` liked ' this . Wrote it myself in class one day ... " CNN 's Martin Savidge and Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	The motive behind the shooting remains unclear , police chief says A newspaper reports that Lane 's father was arrested for violent crimes Witnesses say T.J. Lane shot 5 people , 3 fatally "  He never would go into detail . He just said he had family trouble , " a friend says
CNN  -- One of the Web 's basic tenets is that small contributions from lots of people can amount to something powerful in the aggregate . Fans of the Japanese band Sour contributed images to a music video . Now , a growing group of writers , musicians , visual artists and videographers is turning this Wikipedia-era philosophy into online collaborative art . Twitter users are banding together to write an opera for London 's Royal Opera House . Bands like My Morning Jacket and Sour , out of Japan , are turning to fans to help film their music videos . Programmers are pulling quotes from online social networks to make automated poems . More than 50,000 animators are divvying up work on an upcoming animated film called "  Live Music , " and amateur videographers are re-filming "  Star Wars " in 15-second bites . This crowd-sourced creativity online is putting a new twist on traditional ideas of artistic ownership , online communication and art production . "  What 's exciting is that it 's being tested out by a lot of people who have access to -LSB- the technology -RSB- , " said Mary Jane Jacob , executive director of exhibitions at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago . "  I think that we 're in a great communal workshop . " In recent months , the collaborative projects have been showing the professionalism it takes to get noticed amid the clutter of content on the Internet , said Ze Frank , an online personality who orchestrated several early online art projects . Sign up for a CNN art project Frank said people have been making collaborative online art "  since the beginning of the Web . " But much of it was n't worth looking at . Some collaborative books proved to be too much work for even herds of people to tackle . Efforts to create massive drawings with thousands of contributors sometimes ended up looking like random scribbles , for example . But for some reason -- either because people are getting savvier with cameras or because the projects are getting more visibility -- things are starting to click , Frank said . Even if some of the latest collaborative efforts fail to produce masterworks , the real value is the process , he said . "  Even if the -LSB- Twitter-written -RSB- opera ends up sucking as a performance , the value may have already been played out in the theater of the creation of it , " he said . Many of the projects aim to hit on universal themes . "  The little elements that are n't synchronized " in the group art projects remind people that our differences are what make us interesting , said Matt Maloney , associate dean of the school of film and digital media at the Savannah College of Art and Design , referring to this music video , which features fans of the Japanese band Sour . "  The backgrounds change , the people move differently , the quality and temperature of the photography varies from component to component , " he said . "  If that phenomenon did n't exist , if we were all the same and we were all uniform , this type of collaboration " would not be powerful . Jacob , of the Art Institute of Chicago , said the projects speak to how people yearn to communicate and to be heard in these hyperconnected , digital times . "  It lets you ... meet other people , " she said . "  We 're not talking eHarmony , but all these things , they 're interesting and they are of the moment . When people want to use -LSB- communication technologies -RSB- in a creative way , that 's really exciting . " The online art collaborations grow out of a parlor-game tradition called "  exquisite corpse , " she said . Around 1920 , famous surrealist artists gathered to draw portraits in pieces . They folded up large sheets of paper so that each artist could see only the edges of what had already been drawn . The pictures made sense only after the paper was unfolded . The online versions of this concept take the idea further because they involve people all over the world who often know nothing of each other , she said . For example , Darren Solomon 's site , inbflat.net , features 20 YouTube videos of musicians , many of whom do n't know each other , playing various melodies in the key of B flat . Visitors to the site can play the tunes in any order or combination they choose , meaning that each user in a sense becomes part of the artwork , Solomon said . Solomon , who once played bass with Ray Charles and now writes music for TV ads , said the "  In B Flat " project shows that "  the world can come together and we all speak that -LSB- musical -RSB- language . " "  Something about it is very hopeful , " he said . One key to the project 's success , he said , is that it takes relatively little effort for musicians to send in Web-quality videos of themselves playing a short melody in a certain key . "  They 're happy to start picking up a video camera and start shooting or they 're happy to pick up an instrument and start playing , " he said . Solomon finds that idea so compelling that he 's participated in other projects . With his two sons , ages 7 and 11 , he shot three of the 15-second clips of the user-generated "  Star Wars " that will be stitched together by the site Star Wars Uncut . In one of the videos , he and the boys act out a scene with puppets . In another , his sons wear hooded sweatshirts and fight with light sabers in a New Jersey tunnel . In some cases , people do n't even know they 're making contributions to online art . Andrei Gheorghe , a Web developer in Romania , created the "  Longest Poem in the World " by aggregating public Twitter posts and arranging them in rhyming couplets . Computers add 10 to 20 lines to the poem each minute , he said . Gheorghe said he does n't consider his work art . "  It was just a random idea that popped up and I played with it . And it is what it is , " he said . Art professors said deciding what is and is n't art is a complicated process . In some ways , these collaborative projects are fine art , they said . In other ways they 're like games or means of communication . Like all good art , these projects are trying to "  stand convention on its ear , " said Maloney , from the Savannah College of Art and Design . "  That 's going to keep happening , " he said . "  So as soon as we finally nail this down you 'll have another group of talented artists that are going to say , ` Well , I 'm going to do something completely different . ' "	Large groups of people are creating collaborative art projects online One site wants to re-film "  Star Wars " in 15-second clips , submitted by viewers Another has a customizable tapestry of 20 musicians , each playing their own tune Experts say the art comments on digital society and online connections
The National Security Agency program that collects data on nearly every U.S. phone call is n't legal , a privacy review board said Thursday in a newly released report . Moreover , the five-member Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board said it 's been largely useless in thwarting terrorism . "  We have not identified a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the program made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism investigation , " the board wrote in the report released Thursday . Despite Obama 's NSA changes , phone records still collected The board said it had identified only one instance in which the program helped authorities identify a terrorist in the last seven years . But the board said law enforcement would have found the suspect anyway , even without the NSA program . The board does n't have any legal teeth , so its recommendations wo n't change government practices the way a court ruling might . But the findings are a stinging rebuke of President Barack Obama 's legal defense of the program , in which the NSA tracks millions of telephone calls each day , harvesting the telephone numbers involved , the time calls are placed and how long they last . The recommendations of the board add to the growing chorus calling for an end to the government 's dragnet collection of Americans ' phone records , said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  The report reaffirms the conclusion of many that the Section 215 bulk phone records program has not been critical to our national security , is not worth the intrusion on Americans ' privacy , and should be shut down immediately , " Leahy said in a statement . "  The report appropriately calls into question the legality and constitutionality of the program , and underscores the need to change the law to rein in the government 's overbroad interpretation of Section 215 . " A majority of the board -- formed as part of the federal government 's response to the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks -- agreed with critics of the NSA that the program raises constitutional concerns . "  The Board concludes that Section 215 does not provide an adequate legal basis to support the program , " it wrote its report . CNN reviewed a copy of the report . The board said the law authorizes the FBI to collect records related to a specific investigation , but not bulk collection of data that "  can not be regarded as ` relevant ' to any FBI investigation . " What Obama changed at the NSA : 5 takeaways The law also "  does not authorize the NSA to collect anything , " the board said . Last week , after a report by an outside review group appointed by Obama , the President announced changes to the program . Among other things , the NSA must now ask a judge each time an analyst wants to look at the data , and the agency will eventually lose its role as custodian of the information . But Obama said he felt it important to keep the program intact . "  The review group turned up no indication that this database has been intentionally abused , " he said . "  And I believe it is important that the capability that this program is designed to meet is preserved . " One privacy advocate called the changes "  window dressing . " The government is now studying whether to require telephone companies to hold the data , or to create a new third-party agency to collect the data .	"  Report appropriately calls into question " program 's legalitity , Sen. Leahy says Bulk telephone record collection has n't thwarted terrorism , board rules The board 's findings wo n't immediately change policy But they are a stinging rebuke to President Obama 's defense of the program
East Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A device attached to the body of a bank manager who was forced to help rob her own bank looked like a bomb but was not one , California law officers said Wednesday night . Authorities were searching for two men who robbed the bank of "  substantial " money earlier in the day . Both wore masks and one reportedly brandished a handgun . The bank employee told police she was accosted by the men outside her residence in Huntington Park as she was leaving for work Wednesday morning , said Lt. Neal Mongan of the Huntington Park Police Department . The unidentified employee allegedly was told to drive to the bank in nearby East Los Angeles . "  The employee said she was told it was a bomb and she believed it to be a bomb , " Mongan told reporters . The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department initially said the Bank of America branch manager was held captive overnight . The manager entered the bank vault with the device strapped to her body , according to Sheriff 's Department spokesman Capt. Mike Parker . The manager threw the money out the back door where the two men were waiting . The two robbers fled the scene , police said . Deputies evacuated the bank and kept the employee calm while bomb squad technicians rushed to the scene . Technicians trained in the procedure "  very carefully removed that device from her body , " said Parker . "  That is a very rare occurrence to actually remove a device directly from a person . " A robot later disabled the item . Parker declined to describe the device , but said it was not explosive . Mongan said police are looking into why the bank manager was targeted . She was not injured and was still being interviewed later Wednesday . Asked whether the manager might be an accomplice , Parker replied , "  Everything is investigated , but at this time there is no indication of that . " The FBI is assisting in the investigation of the abduction and bank robbery . The elaborate plot evoked a Hollywood movie script . "  I 've been on 28 years and this is the first time I 've seen this , " Parker said . Millions of dollars in maple syrup stolen When police shoot CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Robbers strapped fake bomb to manager , police say NEW : Bank employee was abducted Wednesday morning Police search for the two robbers ; the East Los Angeles bank manager is n't injured
EW.com  -- The Project : "  Dexter , " in Hall H ! The Panel : Michael C. Hall ; Jennifer Carpenter ; Aimee Garcia ; Desmond Harrington ; David Zayas ; Yvonne Strahovski ; Lauren Velez ; Aaron King ; Erik King ; and Julie Benz . Executive producers Sara Calleton , Scott Buck , Manny Coto and former showrunner Clyde Phillips . Comic-Con '13 Star Portraits : Day 1 Footage screened : A goodbye video featuring old scenes and the actors thanking their fans , especially those from Comic-Con . "  Everything is a series of lasts , " Hall reflects on the video . "  I did n't imagine how many people  got  on the ` Dexter ' train . " Carpenter talked about how the show "  made my life , " while John Lithgow admitted it was the biggest show he 's ever been on . Next came a clip of Dexter 's best kills , which featured lots of duct tape , rubber sheets and cellophane wrap , aka "  necessary tools of the trade . " And finally , the Trinity Killer , aka Lithgow , taped a video message that said , in part , "  I wish I could be with you but as you all know , I 'm dead . Not a day goes by that someone does n't recognize me as a psychopath . I have you  fans  to thank for that . " Snap judgment : Huge panel , but a very sentimental one . Carpenter fought back tears . "  The most authentic thing about this show is our relationship to you , " she said . "  You deserve good work . So it ca n't be wrap until we all  are  here together . It 's a wrap with you all now . " Added Hall , "  Just as you all waited in line and are here for us , we have been here for you and we are here because of you . " Comic-Con 2013 : EW Instagram Pics ! The Big Revelations : The show wrapped just last week ! The series finale airs September 22 . "  There 's some unconscious part of us that has n't recognized it yet. , " Hall said . Strahovski teased how her character Hannah is coming back , and "  who knows if her motivation is for revenge or love . It 's a mystery ! " Carpenter still insists that she wants her character to die . "  As an actor , it 's because I love her . It 's like Dexter treats his victims . I want her to go to the bottom of abyss to be where all her victims lie . " Hall will take Dexter 's watch and his little lanyard . The final season -- and the entire run of the show -- will be released on DVD November 5 . Most incisive audience question : How do you relax after shooting an intense "  Dexter " scene ? "  If we have a foot , we 'll play a little football with it , " Zavas quips . "  That 's true , " Hall adds . Hall was asked what he 'll take from the set  Dexter 's watch , his lanyard  . Carpenter , for her part , said she took a lot . Oh , and how does Hall handle stress ? "  I do everything Dexter does but then I just tickle the person . " See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stars and executive producers from "  Dexter " held a panel at Comic-Con on July 18 Actors Michael C. Hall and Jennifer Carpenter talked about the final season Carpenter became emotional talking about the fans The series finale of "  Dexter " will air September 22
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro says he is open to the idea of meeting with U.S. President-elect Barack Obama . Former Cuban President Fidel Castro has largely been out of the political scene since falling ill in 2006 . "  With Obama , one can talk whenever he wants , because we 're not preachers of violence or war , " the communist leader wrote in an essay published Thursday on a state-run Web site . "  He must be reminded that the carrot-and-stick theory can not be applied in our country . " Friday 's missive marked the second time in recent weeks that a Cuban leader has said he is open to meeting with Obama . In the latest issue of The Nation , actor Sean Penn writes of his recent conversation in Havana with Raúl Castro , who took over as president this year from his ailing brother . According to Penn , Raúl Castro told him , "  Perhaps we could meet at Guantanamo . We must meet and begin to solve our problems , and at the end of the meeting , we could give the president a gift . ... We could send him home with the American flag that waves over Guantanamo Bay . " Obama has called for the U.S. detention facility at the Guantanamo Bay naval base on the island of Cuba to be closed . Despite the indications that the Cuban leadership is open to warmer relations with its neighbor to the north after 47 years of a U.S.-imposed trade embargo , some in Havana expressed skepticism that the impending change in leadership in the United States will translate in to a changed Cuban policy . "  Obama is a product of the American empire , " Carlos Pose said . But Elisany , a high school student , said she 's hopeful . "  We 've got to wait and see . I hope things change . "	"  We 're not preachers of violence or war , " Castro writes in essay Actor Sean Penn writes that Castro 's brother also open to meeting Some in Havana skeptical of change in U.S. policy
The big cat spotted in the woods east of Paris is n't a tiger after all , French authorities said Friday , citing analysis of the beast 's tracks . Just what kind of feline the French are dealing with remains a bit of a mystery , so police in the Seine-et-Marne department cautioned residents to continue to take care when walking and to avoid wooded areas . But an official with the National Board of Wildlife and Hunting , Eric Hansen , told CNN affiliate BFM that the cat , whatever it is , poses no danger to people . Witnesses first reported the feline Thursday in an area not from Disneyland Paris . Park visitors were n't in any danger , a spokeswoman said . Police and other officials armed with dart guns hunted the cat all day Thursday without success . Many French did n't seem to be seriously worried . "  I think it 's more afraid than dangerous , " Caroline Dos Santos said Friday . "  For me , I think it 's a joke , " Jenny Bel Air said . But Khalil Mabrouk had a plan . "  If I saw the tiger in the street , I would run away , " he said . "  Really . "	Feline on the loose in France is n't a tiger after all , authorities say Residents should still use caution , according to police "  I think it 's more afraid than dangerous , " resident says
CNN  -- Kim Jong Il 's death comes only days before 2012 , the 100-year anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founder and Kim 's father , Kim Il Sung . North Korea 's long-planned celebration of this anniversary will now be pre-empted by collective shows of mourning  but perhaps few real tears for Kim Jong Il  , uncertainty despite clearly laid plans for succession and heightened strategic anxiety among North Korea 's neighbors . Over the last two years , Kim had put into place a succession plan  similar to the one his father had put into place for him  by naming his third son , Kim Jong Un , to key posts in the Korean Workers ' Party and National Defense Committee . Just as Kim Jong Il was named head of the funeral committee for his father in 1994 , Kim Jong Un will lead the funeral committee for his father . There will be the compulsory large crowds of mourners in the streets of Pyongyang to honor Kim Jong Il . A collective leadership , including top party and military leaders and relatives of Kim Jong Un , will provide guidance . Kim Jong Il observed a three-year "  mourning period " before he formally took the reins of leadership and began participating in public functions . No one knows if this delay , which coincided with North Korea 's famine , was also a result of internecine leadership struggles . Will the new succession unfold according to plan ? North Korea 's political system is closer to a dynasty than a modern state , but it can no longer live in isolation from the modern world . Kim Jong Il was successor-in-waiting for two decades , his son only two years . Kim Jong Il came to power in his 50s ; Kim Jong Un in his late 20s . North Korea 's system is less centralized and possibly less capable of exerting political control in 2011 , compared with 1994 , since money has replaced ideological loyalty as the essential ingredient for getting ahead . Kim Jong Il allowed institutions -- with the exception of the military -- to atrophy before belatedly revamping the party apparatus in September 2010 . The system is fragmented and stovepiped so that only the leader can exercise control . A vacuum at the top could lead to bureaucratic infighting , with no person able to step in and exert authority across institutions . The worst case would be anarchy or infighting among bureaucratic factions for political control . The main advantage that Kim Jong Un has is that the core leadership knows that if it does n't hang together , it will hang separately . There is no viable alternative for survival among elites if the regime fails . World reacts to Kim Jong Il 's death North Korea 's neighbors will watch developments warily , but they will also be watching each other as closely as they watch Pyongyang , if not more so . For some time , China has pulled out the stops to underwrite economic stability in North Korea , and it fears that South Korean intervention to restore order in North Korea might lead to a reunified peninsula allied to the United States . South Korea fears that the North 's economic dependency on China will give China political leverage to deny South Korea the ability to lead the way to Korean unification . The United States worries that either instability or desperation may lead to proliferation of North Korean bombs or fissile material . Russia and Japan also have interests that lead them both to prefer stability on the Korean peninsula . An unstable North Korea is a hot potato : No one wants to own it , but strategic fears forestall effective cooperation among its neighbors . North Korean instability would require extensive resources just at the moment when the world is cash-strapped . For this reason , North Korea 's neighbors will exercise caution , keep their fingers crossed and hope against hope that North Korea 's new leadership can chart a more reformist  and less nuclear  path than did Kim Jong Il . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Snyder .	Scott Snyder says Kim Jong Il 's death introduces uncertainty , anxiety in region He says succession differs from Kim Jong Il 's in 1994 ; it 's unclear how it will unfold today He says a vacuum at the top could lead to infighting for political control Snyder : Neighbors , rest of world fear instability , desperation may fuel nuclear proliferation
CNN  -- My dad was an avid sports fan and a great athlete in his day . We used to watch basketball and football games together , and I know some of his proudest moments as a father were when I wore my sports uniforms in high school and college . He was a man 's man -- a hard drinking , foul-mouthed veteran of the Korean War who came on to every voluptuous nurse who crossed his path . He passed away about this time last year . I think about him often , and more during March Madness . I thought about him yesterday as I read about Jason Collins coming out as the first openly gay player in NBA history . I wondered , "  If my dad were reading this , what would he say ? " And , clear as day , I heard his voice . "  Yeah , but can the dude play ? " It made me laugh because is n't it just that simple ? Can he play ? Can he do his job ? At the same time that Jason Collins ' announcement has caused a stir , there also has been noteworthy non-reaction among many . "  Is this really still news ? " we ask . The answer is yes . It is news because it 's never happened before . Pro sports , especially the ones where athletes get paid millions upon millions of dollars , are bastion of masculinity . Manhood , athleticism and heterosexuality are all woven together in our cultural paradigm . It 's still news because the stereotype of gay men as being effete , weak , uncoordinated  except where it comes to Lady Gaga impersonations  and otherwise "  girly " is still so strong . In NBA , Collins ' defense matters more than sexual orientation It should n't be . Gay comes in all shapes , sizes , strengths and personalities . Just like straight does . It should n't be news that -- guess what -- some gay people do n't fit your stereotype . But it is . It should n't be news for that reason , but I 'm grateful that it is news for an entirely different reason . Jason 's coming out is a very , very public "  it gets better " message to all the LGBTQ youth coming up , and out , right now . According to the Trevor Project , an organization providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to LGBTQ youth , suicide is the third leading cause of death for 10 - to 24-year-olds , and its the second leading cause of death on college campuses . Lesbian , gay and bisexual youth are four times more likely to attempt suicide than their straight peers . This is why an openly gay NBA player should be news , because it busts stereotypes , normalizes homosexuality and gives kids of all orientations a positive role model of self-love and professional excellence . Until there are no more hate crimes , no more vicious bullying and ugly slurs , whenever a person comes out -- whether that person is a celebrity or a "  nobody " -- it should be celebrated like the triumph of courage it is . That is why it should be news . Jason Collins is tremendously brave and deserves to be celebrated as such . All that said , we aback to the question my dad would have asked . "  Yeah , but can the dude play ? " Yes , he can play . He 's an aggressive , big man who holds his space on the court . At 34 , he 's probably aging out of the sport , but he 's played consistently and well over the years and deserves to be remembered for what he has done on the court , not what he did while off . Opinion : Here 's to Collins -- and the NBA I applaud his career and his bravery , and I look forward to the day that sexual orientation is a non-issue . We are all so much more than our sexuality . It is vital to the situations in which it 's important -- namely , in looking for a mate -- but it has nothing to do with job performance , whether your job is as a secretary or a professional basketball player . Our sexuality is just one of a thousand pieces of our identity , not the sole determining factor . Jason Collins is gay . That 's not all he is , and it would be nice if we could keep this one piece of identity in context with the whole . Finally , it 's nice to see institutionalized homophobia crumbling . First it was the military , with the repeal of do n't ask , do n't tell . For decades , the argument had been that having openly gay people in the military would impair unit cohesion . Setting aside all the flawed assumptions that undergird those fears , you know what has happened to unit cohesion since the fall of do n't ask , do n't tell ? It 's stayed the same or gotten slightly better . This is probably because it 's easier for people to bond when they 're not forbidden from being themselves . First , it was the military , now it 's pro sports being forced to realize that there is no "  us " and "  them " when it comes to sexuality . We are all on the same team . I 'll bet that Jason Collins will be the first in a string of professional athletes to openly acknowledge their homosexuality . You can also think of him as the next in a chain of civil rights pioneers . And I 'll bet you 'll start seeing them play a bit better . We 're all at our best when we do n't have to hide who we are , when we can bring it all to the court . I 'm proud to see Jason come out and encouraged to see the overwhelmingly positive reaction he 's received . And yet , I ca n't wait for the day we greet it with "  so what ? " and a yawn . I think my dad would agree . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says her sports-fan dad would have been unconcerned about sexuality He 'd have said , "  Yeah , but can the dude play ? " Competence not same as sexuality , she says She says orientation should be a yawn in a just world , but Collins ' coming out hugely important Brazile : Homophobia crumbling . First with do n't ask , do n't tell repeal , now in sports
Police chased young men down Ferguson 's streets and made arrests , as bottles flew again shortly before midnight . Protesters locked hand in front of the police line , while some urged the crowd to remain peaceful . The police presence rose significantly , as did tensions . Until then , the streets had been calm , as a much smaller crowd milled about , holding signs and chanting . A few hundred people walked up and down a small area past journalists ' cameras . And as hours passed , the crowd thinned down to a few dozen . "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot " was their mantra , as it has been every night . But many of the demonstrators added a second chant : "  We protesters , we do n't loot . " Jameila White from St. Louis County walked a mile to hand out free water to protesters . "  We pooled together as a community to bring this , " she said , pointing to three Styrofoam coolers of bottles water on ice . "  So , we can stay energized and keep walking because they 're saying if we stand still we 're going to get locked up . " White , who once lived in Ferguson , also poured out several bottles of water and filled them with milk , to help wash tear gas out of people 's eyes . Police cars with flashing lights stood by every block of so apart . Officers in body armor congregated at a car wash alongside an armored vehicle . Even the police seemed surprised . Said one state trooper . "  Can we be peaceful ? That 's all I 'm saying . " Things must change Leaders in the Missouri town insisted earlier Tuesday that things must change . Ten days have passed since a white police officer 's shooting of an unarmed black teenager triggered emotional , expansive protests that have increasingly devolved into violence . The state highway patrol captain tasked with maintaining security characterized what 's happened in those 10 days as an embarrassment -- to Ferguson , to Missouri , to the United States . In a statement Tuesday , Ferguson leaders vowed to rebuild the city 's business district , parts of which have been ravaged by looting and unrest . They promised to recruit more African-Americans to join the police in their largely African-American community , a relevant point since the Ferguson Police Department is overwhelmingly white . And they signaled their intention to raise money so that all officers and police cars would be outfitted with vest and dash cams . Those cameras are significant because they could have helped clear up many questions surrounding Michael Brown 's death : Was Brown executed by a police officer while holding his hands in the air , as some activists claim ? Or was Brown shot after rushing at Officer Darren Wilson , who fired fearing for his own life , as detailed in an account on a radio show ? Sides remain dug in Without any known video of that August 9 shooting , both sides remain dug in . The Brown family 's supporters are as passionate as ever , some saying they lose more and more trust for law enforcement with every armored truck on the road and tear gas canister fired into the air . Wilson , meanwhile , has gotten more and more support of his own in recent days . Supporters held a rally in St. Louis this week , and as of Tuesday , nearly 900 people had donated more than $ 33,000 to a fund for Darren Wilson , according to a GoFundMe page set up to collect donations . The situation on the streets of Ferguson itself has deteriorated in many ways . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting From Monday into Tuesday , at least 74 people were arrested for failure to disperse . Two others were arrested on weapons charges and another person for interfering with an officer . In addition to this , two people were shot -- not by police , authorities said . Four officers were injured . Outside agitators Police and protesters blamed agitators -- including many from outside Ferguson -- for the shots and violence . According to the jail records , many of those arrested were local residents . Others came from New York , California , Texas and Alabama . "  What we are dealing with right now are two groups of people , " Missouri state Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal said . "  One , protesters who are peacefully demonstrating , expressing their First Amendment rights . And then we have a smaller group of people who have been infiltrating themselves in the crowds and creating all of this unrest . " But many have criticized the police response . Gen. Russel Honore , who handled crowd control in the chaos that ensued after Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans in 2005 , joined them late Tuesday . "  You 're there to protect people , " he told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  They need to sense that from you . " Looking at crowd members through the scope of a gun sends the wrong message , he said . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes agreed on that point . "  The overall presence was too aggressive , " he said . But he agreed with the use of tear gas and rubber bullets . Looters and hooligans caused trouble that called for the response , he said . They used protesters "  as human shields . " Demands for prosecution Many civic leaders worry the unrest is taking away from the main message of the protests : accountability for the officer who shot the 18-year-old Brown . Brown 's parents believe the only real way out of this situation is for Wilson to be charged . "  Justice , " the late teen 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told NBC 's "  Today " show . "  Justice will bring peace , I believe . " A grand jury could begin to hear testimony from witnesses and deciding whether to return an indictment in the case as early as Wednesday . That 's the same day that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is expected to visit Ferguson to check in on the Justice Department 's civil rights investigation into Brown 's death . "  At a time when so much may seem uncertain , the people of Ferguson can have confidence that the Justice Department intends to learn -- in a fair and thorough manner -- exactly what happened , " Holder said in a commentary for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . Legal expert Fuentes warned not to expect quick results . Much of the evidence has not yet been processed by crime labs , he said . Controversy has also embroiled St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch . Some residents and community leaders contend that he has deep ties to the police and has favored law enforcement in criminal cases . Brown , meanwhile , will be eulogized by civil rights leader Al Sharpton at a public funeral Monday morning . Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Missing were the tear gas and rioters of previous nights Civil rights leader Al Sharpton will give the eulogy at Michael Brown 's funeral "  Justice will bring peace , I believe , " Michael Brown 's mother tells NBC 's "  Today " Supporters of embattled Officer Darren Wilson have raised $ 25,000 and counting
After 17 minutes and 14 seconds of Sunday 's "  El Clasico " encounter with Real Madrid , Barcelona fans will offer a vocal demonstration of why the club 's motto is "  mes que un club " -- more than a club . The team 's Nou Camp stadium will erupt with the sound of the Catalan national anthem , sung in the language native to this semi-autonomous region of Spain . It is to commemorate September 11 , 1714 , and the people who died when the ruling monarchy defeated Catalan troops during the War of the Spanish Succession . It is arguably the biggest club game in the world -- though all too often surrounded by a bucketload of bile between players , coaches and fans -- but as austerity tightens its grip on the Spanish economy , the desire for Catalan independence grows ever deeper . The fixture against Real , a club so long synonymous with Spain 's rulers and its royalty , provides a poignant opportunity for the Catalonian cause to be expressed directly to the Madrid powers . "  For every Euro Catalonia gives to Spain , it only receives 57 cents , " Catalan sports commentator Ernest Macia told CNN . "  There is a feeling of injustice regarding the fiscal system . " "  Also there are the constant political attacks in terms of linguistic policy . For Catalonia the language is very important . Catalan is different from Spanish language , not better or worse , just different . "  The Spanish government is trying to erode the educational system where in Catalonia you study in Catalan but also Spanish ... the government is trying to regain the power in the education system . " So on Sunday in a demonstration of national pride , 98,000 placards will turn the Nou Camp into a giant Catalan flag emblazoned with the word "  Barca ! " prior to kick off . "  It symbolizes the Catalan sentiment , " continued Macia . "  It 's the color of the Catalan flag . People come to enjoy the football , yes , but also to make clear it is a time to be Catalan . " The Catalan nationalism cause has a powerful supporter in the shape of iconic former Barca coach Josep Guardiola , who led the team to 14 trophies during a glittering four seasons in charge . Speaking from New York , where he is currently living , Guardiola delivered a video message of support to his native region on Catalonia 's national day , saying : "  Here 's one more vote for independence . " Despite the views of one of its favorite sons , the football club is less forthright in extolling the virtues of independence , reflecting that not all Barca fans are against a unified Spain . However , Macia suggests the success of Barcelona 's football team and the views of some of the region 's other top sport stars has helped promote the idea of self governance . "  I would say there is an increasing union around Barcelona of people who did n't necessarily care about the independence of Catalonia but now understand the reasons through football and the club 's other sports teams , " added Macia . "  Sarunas Jasikevicius , a Lithuanian basketball player for Barcelona , said he is open to independence . "  In football , the team is less explicit . Xavi and Carles Puyol , for example are proud to be Catalan but they have n't said openly they would play for Catalonia instead of Spain . " Catalonia even has its own national football team , though it is not allowed to participate in World Cups or European Championships . The team , which has been playing fixtures since 1912 , are permitted to play matches but are barred from participating in competitions which Spain also contests . Over the years , Catalonia 's best players such as Xavi , Guardiola and Puyol have pulled on the red and gold shirt alongside "  guest " stars such as Johan Cruyff and Hristo Stoichkov . But it is Barca , with its core of local players , which has come to represent Catalan footballing honor and so fixtures with Real have a tendency to become ill-tempered . Red cards and the red mist have become the norm . In August 2011 Real coach Jose Mourinho poked Tito Vilanova -- Guardiola 's then assistant who has gone on to replace him in the hotseat -- in the eye during a touchline fracas . In 2000 Luis Figo was the subject of Barca fans ' ire after moving to Real , and when he returned to the Nou Camp as one of Madrid 's fabled "  Galacticos " , the Portuguese forward was pelted with objects including cigarette lighters , cell phones and a pig 's head . However , rather than breed contempt , familiarity seems to have begun to blunt this rivalry . Last season the teams played each other on six occasions , after five meetings during the 2010-11 campaign . "  There have been an awful lot of Clasicos over the last few years , which really has diluted things quite a bit , " said Madrid-based Spanish football expert Tim Stannard . "  It 's not like it was even 12 months ago , when you had Mourinho and Guardiola really kicking off at each other . "  We had the two SuperCup Clasicos recently and nothing happened then . We actually had two calm and quite exciting games . " And just as in the rest of Spain , the people of Madrid have worries which are more pressing than whether Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi is the world 's best footballer as unemployment climbed to nearly 25 percent last month . Recent protests against anti-austerity measures taken by Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy 's government led to violent confrontations between civilians and police on the streets of the capital . "  What we saw was a situation gone bad , " continued Stannard . "  Some protestors were infiltrated by those looking for a riot . Almost all the time demonstrations here go very peacefully , that 's why it made the news . "  There have n't really been any instances since . People are just suffering at the minute . " With Real currently trailing table-toppers Barca by eight points heading into the first league Clasico of the season , the Madrid club 's fans have n't had much to cheer either . Despite that start which has seen Mourinho team drop eight points in its first six matches , Stannard suggests this weekend 's match offers Real fans brief respite from a dark financial climate . "  It 's a distraction from the grim reality of life for many in Spain at the moment , " he said . "  It gives them something to smile about . This Clasico is not a massively hyped one . In recent years we have had Champions League semifinals and all this bitterness built up between the two teams . A lot of that has been taken out of it . " And what do Madrilenos make of calls for Catalan independence ? "  It 's hard to speak for everyone here , Madrid is very diverse , " responded Stannard . "  A lot of people simply do n't care . " Back in Barcelona , Macia suggested Spain 's financial woes might have given the campaign for Catalan secession extra impetus . "  The feeling is that it has probably helped to create new converts to the independence movement , " he said . "  In Germany , the richer states give 4 % to the GDP , to the central government . "  In Catalonia , it is 8 % and everyone in Catalonia is becoming more conscious of the problem . " Macia remains hopeful he will see a day when Catalonia has true independence from Spain . "  It will be very slow , " he said . "  It will take some time and some verbal violence . I 'm not happy to live in this moment , because from Spain come some insults from Catalonia . "  I think both parties will reach an agreement . I 'm not sure if it will be to celebrate a democratic referendum . It will probably take at least another year . "	Barcelona face Real Madrid on Sunday in "  El Clasico " Spain is engulfed by serious financial crisis Many in Catalonia are calling for the semi-autonomous region to become independent Anti-austerity measures have led to protests and violent clashes in Madrid
CNN  -- Google has started warning users when it thinks they may be targets of government-sponsored hackers , the Internet giant announced . Users whose accounts are compromised get a message at the top of their browser saying : "  Warning : We believe state-sponsored attackers may be attempting to compromise your account or computer . " Users in China have already begun getting the message , said one former journalist who used to work in Beijing . "  I got this warning three times , " said Mei , who asked to be identified only by her first name for security reasons . Concerned that the warning itself was an attempt to hack her account , she posted a question in a closed Google group , asking if anyone else got the message . "  So far about 10 of us have received the same message , some in Chinese , some in English , " she said . The group has about 200 members , she said . "  Some people are not even that surprised because they have suspicious followers on Twitter or Google , " she said . But Mei said she was startled to find out she was apparently a target because she is not a journalist anymore . "  I left this industry about three years ago , in 2009 , and left Beijing . I was really surprised that I was still a target , " she said . Google did not accuse China of being behind the hacking , but the company has been at odds with Beijing in the past over Chinese attempts to control Internet use . Google declined to say how it could tell that governments were behind the hacking attempts . "  We ca n't go into the details without giving away information that would be helpful to these bad actors , " Eric Grosse , Google security engineering vice president , said Tuesday in a post on the company 's website . "  But our detailed analysis -- as well as victim reports -- strongly suggest the involvement of states or groups that are state-sponsored , " he said . Getting the warning does not mean a user 's account has been hacked , the company said , but that Google believes the account has been a target of phishing , malware or other hacking tools . Google advises users who get the message to strengthen passwords and update software . It also encourages users to be careful about where they enter their passwords .	NEW : Users in China are already getting alerts , one ex-journalist says Google wo n't say how it knows governments are behind the hacking Security chief says it does n't want to give away anything that will help the hackers The Internet giant warns users to strengthen passwords and upgrade software
CNN  -- Sandra Herold , the owner of a chimpanzee that was involved in a vicious attack on her friend last year , has died , her attorney said Tuesday . She was 72 . Herold suffered a ruptured aortic aneurysm Monday night , Roger Golger said . Herold "  had suffered a series of heartbreaking losses over the last several years , beginning with the death of her only child , then her husband , then her beloved chimp Travis , as well as the tragic maiming of friend and employee Charla Nash , " Golger said . Nash lost her nose , upper and lower lips , eyelids and both her hands in the attack in February 2009 , as well as the "  bony structures in her mid-face , " according to doctors . More than a year later , numerous surgeries and therapy sessions have helped Nash regain some mobility . Her family filed a lawsuit against Herold shortly after the attack , seeking $ 50 million in damages . Criminal charges were not filed , however , because authorities ruled Herold was not aware of the risk her pet posed . "  This past year was particularly difficult for Sandy , " Golger said . "  She hated living alone in a house where she faced constant reminders of the vibrant and happy life she once led with her family and friends . The stress of defending a multimillion-dollar lawsuit and all that it entailed also weighed heavy on Sandy . In the end , her heart , which had been broken so many times before , could take no more . " The attack occurred February 16 , 2009 , when Herold called Nash for help in getting Travis back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived at the Stamford , Connecticut , home , the chimp , who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her . Police shot Travis to halt the attack and he later died of gunshot wounds . The mauling has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has said that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals that citizens are not allowed to own . Nash was discharged from the famed Cleveland Clinic , where doctors performed the nation 's first face transplant , earlier this month . She is continuing her recovery at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , where doctors have said she is a candidate for a face transplant . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Sandra Herold died Monday of a ruptured aortic aneurysm Her chimpanzee , Travis , mauled friend Charla Nash in February 2009 Herold 's heart "  could take no more " after a "  difficult " year , attorney says Nash is still recovering in Boston ; doctors say she is a candidate for a face transplant
CNN  -- In a city where style is king , a Milanese football giant is in need of an urgent makeover , according to the Indonesian businessman who has taken on the challenge . One of only two overseas owners in Serie A after buying a 70 % stake in Internazionale in November 2013 , Erick Thohir believes globalization is the key to reviving this grand institution . He remembers Italian football 's golden age of the 1990s , but given Serie A 's current plight -- corruption scandals , racism , fan violence and dilapidated stadia -- those days seem a distant memory . Even Thohir admits his 15-year-old son is more interested in talking about players from the English Premier League than Italy . His solution is for Italian football to open its arms to the world , arguing there are 260 million potential Inter fans across the globe , with as many as 165 million supporters in Asia just waiting to be reconnected with a league dominated in recent years by Juventus . "  Serie A has be to more aggressive , " the 44-year-old Thohir told CNN in an exclusive interview , as he laid out his vision to revive his underachieving club . Inter last won the scudetto in 2010 and failed to qualify for this season 's UEFA Champions League , though the team is in the second-tier Europa League If Thohir comes armed with ideas to overhaul Inter , he also issues a blunt warning for Serie A , which in recent years has arguably become European football 's ugly duckling . "  I specifically tell people if we do another Calciopoli , Serie A will be dead , " said Thohir , referring to the 2006 scandal when Juventus was heavily sanctioned . "  Italy wo n't be number two , not three , or even fourth . We will be ninth and lose ground to countries like Portugal and Holland . "  It 's important to look at the world globally and not just Italy . The  other club  presidents are open-minded when we talk . A lot of things have to be done . " Inter earns $ 95 million from domestic and international television rights deals and expects to earn an extra 10 % next year , but those sums are dwarfed by the $ 9.4 billion that the English Premier League 's 20 teams share in their latest three-year contract . The 2014-2015 turnover forecast for Inter is $ 240 million , but again , that 's less than half of Manchester United 's current $ 551 million revenue , according to Forbes . "  The English Premier League has become bigger and bigger , but Serie A can become the second league in the world , " said Thohir . "  We still have a good foundation and can compete with Germany 's Bundesliga and Spain 's La Liga . " Comparing Serie A with the English Premier League is like chalk and cheese , admits Inter 's chief executive officer Michael Bolingbroke , who previously worked for Manchester United and entertainment company Cirque de Soleil before he was appointed by Thohir in July . One of Bolingbroke 's first tasks it to increase Inter 's home attendances at the San Siro , a stadium the club shares with AC Milan . Last season Inter had the highest average Serie A crowd -- 46,246 -- but given the San Siro 's 80,000 capacity that 's still a lot of empty seats . On arriving from England , Bolingbroke was surprised to learn Inter had no football museum of its own at the San Siro , though it does share one with AC Milan . United 's Old Trafford museum annually has 400,000 visitors who shell out $ 29 for a visit which also includes a stadium tour , while the joint San Siro museum has 270,000 visitors who pay $ 21 . Inter now hopes to build its own museum . While Bolingbroke crunches the numbers , Thohir wants more top-flight games kicking off at 3 p.m at the weekend to enable a greater number fans in Asia and the United States to watch Italian football . "  We need to talk to our fans globally , " added Thohir . "  The beauty of Milan is , as well as football , there 's also fashion and culture . " With the NBA now playing games in Asia , the NFL coming to Europe and baseball matches taking place in Australia , Thohir is also open to the idea of Serie A matches being played outside of Italy . "  A lot of fans in different regions want to see the real live game rather than on their television or computer . " Given a similar idea in England has not been openly embraced by a number of Premier League clubs ' fans , Thohir might have trouble winning over Italian hardcore supporters , who in the past have proved a stumbling block to reform . However , according to Richard Hall , who writes about Italian fan culture , even the ultras realize things can no longer stay the same . "  They know the stadiums are outdated and attendances are suffering and it 's not a family event , " said Hall , who has written about Inter for the British newspaper The Guardian and U.S. broadcaster ESPN . The ultras see that the English Premier League has "  lost part of its soul , " according to Hall , who says many Italian fans would prefer Serie A clubs to follow the Bundesliga model , where teams are more closely aligned to their supporters and and represented at boardroom level . "  The fans have to trust us , because what we do is good for the club , " replies Thohir , when asked if he would consider implementing such a model at Inter . "  Italy has the tradition of the president , but we need to be more professional and corporate and still involve the fans to help us grow . " In Inter 's last two games , the patience of even diehard "  Nerazzurri " might have been tested as coach Walter Mazzarri 's team capitulated at home to Cagliari and then at Fiorentina . Those two defeats demonstrated just how much work Thohir and his team have to do in resuscitating this ailing Serie A giant , which languishes in 10th place ahead of Sunday 's home clash with Napoli . "  I 'm not looking for personal success , " Thohir says . "  It 's more about how can I work hard , supported by my new team , to make Inter one of the top-10 clubs in the world . With a lot of support and the same vision we can do it . " Thohir 's decision to acquire a majority stake in Inter with his Indonesian business partner Handy Soetedjo followed investments in the NBA 's Philadelphia 76ers and the MLS team DC United . Conscious of the new constraints imposed by Europe 's governing body UEFA with its financial fair play system , Thohir wants Inter to use more data and analytics in following the player-buying strategies pioneered by Billy Beane -- the subject of Michael Lewis ' book ` Moneyball ' -- at the Oakland Athletics . "  When we decide a player -- we do it collectively , " said Thohir . "  We sign on the tactical , financial and commercial side . "  This is the model for DC United and it 's been pretty sustainable . So far at Inter , we have done OK . We do n't want to create bureaucracy and it 's important to reduce the risk . " Like fashion , football can be a risky business , but for Thohir , criticism is "  medicine to him . " But will it be the tonic needed to wake Italy 's "  sleeping giant " ? The football world looks set to find out .	Erick Thohir bought a controlling stake in Inter Milan a year ago Indonesian attempting to revive one of Serie A 's leading clubs Inter the second team in Italy 's top flight to have foreign owner He warns Serie A will be "  dead " if it has to face another corruption scandal
"  Luke loves Yemen and wants the best future for Yemenis . " That 's what The Yemen Times , an English-language newspaper in the country , wrote about American photographer Luke Somers earlier this week , after the al Qaeda militants who were holding Somers hostage threatened his life in a videotape . The sentiment that Somers was deeply dedicated to Yemen was shared by his own family members and friends . Somers was killed in Yemen on Friday during an attempted rescue mission by U.S. Navy SEALs . A U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the United States was "  certain " that one of the militants shot Somers and South African hostage Pierre Korkie as the rescuers moved in . President Barack Obama issued a statement on Saturday morning condemning the killing . Secretary of State John Kerry called it "  a reminder of the brutality of the terrorists . " Al Qaeda , Kerry said in a statement , "  knows how to hate , they know how to murder , and now they have robbed a family of an idealistic young photojournalist who went to Yemen to practice his calling and document the lives of ordinary Yemenis . " Dedicated to Yemen Somers was 33 . He was born in the United Kingdom but was an American citizen . Like many journalists of his generation , he traveled to the Middle East to tell the stories of the region 's strife and the people affected by it . His friends said the Arab Spring uprising in 2011 was a motivator . Also like many of his colleagues , Somers freelanced , taking photographs that were licensed and published by news outlets like Al Jazeera and the BBC . Tik Root , who said he crossed paths with Somers while freelancing in Yemen , said Somers "  was really dedicated to Yemen and he spent over two years there continuously , telling the stories and documenting the people that he met . " "  He really , truly seemed to enjoy it , " Root said in an interview on CNN 's "  New Day Saturday . " One of the sites where his photos could be licensed has hundreds of his photos of political meetings and protests , interspersed with more ordinary scenes from the Yemeni capital , Sana'a . Somers was taken hostage in September 2013 . A November raid by special forces freed eight other hostages , but not Somers . The militants subsequently issued demands and a threat to kill him . That 's what triggered the editorial in The Yemen Times , where he had also worked , and the calls for Somers ' release from many others , including his mother , Paula , and brother Jordan . "  He 's a good person and he 's only been trying to do good things for the Yemeni population , " Jordan Somers said in a video message . The U.S. Embassy in Yemen echoed that feeling in a statement after his death was confirmed . "  Yemen has lost a friend today , " the statement read . The Committee to Protect Journalists said that Somers was "  the third American freelance journalist to die this year while being held captive , after James Foley and Steven Sotloff were murdered in Syria . " The organization also pointed out that the "  raid is at least the third to be launched by U.S. special forces in an attempt to rescue American journalists held hostage in Syria and Yemen . All of the raids failed to rescue the journalists . " Professor : Smart , thoughtful , sensitive Somers graduated from Beloit College in southern Wisconsin in 2008 . The following year , he edited a book of nature stories written by Tamarack Song , director of the Teaching Drum Outdoor School in Three Lakes , Wisconsin . Song described Somers as "  extremely intelligent " with a "  restless spirit " and an "  inquisitive reporter 's eye . " "  He had skills as a writer and skills as a photographer , but these were just tools , " Song said . "  If there was another tool that would have worked , he would have used it . " A professor who taught Somers in two classes at Beloit said he was smart , thoughtful and sensitive . "  He was well-liked on our campus , " Shawn Gillen said . "  He made friends with students from around the world . Beloit has a significant international student population and Luke grew close to them beyond polite introductions . " Somers was a good writer and had the driving curiosity of an excellent journalist , Gillen said .	Former professor says Somers was good writer , very curious Somers , 33 , was born in the United Kingdom but was an American citizen He was a freelance photographer with work published by Al Jazeera , BBC Somers is the third U.S. journalist killed in captivity by Mideast terrorists this year
Boston  CNN  -- More than 2,000 women in Boston are homeless , but CNN Hero Roseanna Means is giving them something they can count on -- free , quality medical care . Means is the founder of Women of Means , a nonprofit organization that sends volunteer doctors and nurses into homeless shelters in and around Boston . She recently spoke with CNN 's Danielle Berger about the impact of her team 's efforts . Below are excerpts from that interview . Danielle Berger : Your program focuses on women . Why women , not men ? Roseanna Means : There are so many things that women have to deal with more so than men do -- reproductive years , and then mammograms , then menopause . A lot of women 's health is preventive care , and if women lose out on those screening tests , their lives are in danger . In the world of homelessness , there are lots of emotional issues , psychiatric issues , women who have been beaten up so many times they ca n't connect the dots . They do n't have an address . They do n't have a phone . They 're all sitting in a shelter together , but they 're not necessarily friends . There 's not a common bond of , "  We 're all in this together . " Everybody is struggling . Everybody 's isolated . Everybody 's miserable . Berger : How does that affect how they access medical care ? Means : Their default position is , "  I 'm just going to wait until it 's a crisis -LSB- and -RSB- I have to go to the emergency room . " And so , what we 're able to do by intervening -- in kind of a casual , compassionate , friendly and welcoming way -- is create a relationship so that when it comes time , I can say : "  You know , I think you need to go to the hospital . And one of our people will go there and make sure you get there safely . " And we 'll write a note to make sure that the doctor on the other end knows what 's going on . Then they 're not costing so much to the system . And everybody benefits . The cost of medical care now is going sky-high because people use emergency rooms inappropriately , or because they 're waiting too long to deal with something that could 've been dealt with through preventive care and better management . Berger : How does Women of Means grow beyond Roseanna Means ? Means : We now have physicians who , five or six years ago , came through as students to learn about our program . And now , they 've graduated . They 've become doctors . And they remember what it was like to work in these shelters with us . And when we are looking to place a woman with a primary care doctor who understands what these women are living with , we can call up one of these former students and say : "  Remember when you did your rotation at Rosie 's Place  a Boston Shelter  ? Well , we 've got a woman here who really needs to have someone who knows her issues . And we 'd like you to take her on . " And they will . It 's great . See the full story on CNN Hero Roseanna Means : Doctor fills health care gap for homeless women	CNN Hero Roseanna Means gives homeless women in the Boston area free medical care She says women have more health issues than men , and they 're often victims of assault Means : Preventive care can help these women cope and save costs to the health care system Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
InStyle.com  -- This year , the Emmy Awards come on the heels of New York Fashion Week . How does the red carpet measure up to the runway ? "  The Spring and Fall collections were all about loose shapes and subtle , restrained sensuality , " says Hal Rubenstein , InStyle Fashion Director and author of the upcoming "  100 Unforgettable Dresses . " "  On the other end of the spectrum , 10 out of 10 celebrities we loved on the Emmy 's red carpet are wearing body conscious gowns . " Sofia Vergara "  Modern Family 's " Sofia Vergara struck a pose on the Emmys carpet in a curve-hugging scarlet Vera Wang creation , which she accessorized with stunning emerald earrings . "  The most exciting part of my outfit is my Colombian emeralds , " the outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series nominee said of her ensemble . See all the best-dressed stars on the Emmys red carpet Julianna Margulies Nominee and presenter Julianna Margulies chose a strapless white Armani Privé couture gown featuring a jewel-dotted bodice . "  The Good Wife " star admitted that it was n't easy getting to the red carpet , though she picked her look the night before . InStyle.com : Top fashion and jewelry trends at the Emmys Minka Kelly Presenter Minka Kelly chose a navy Christian Dior gown , which featured lace sleeves and insets . Hairstylist Mark Townsend gave her a chic low side chignon , while makeup artist Matthew VanLeeuwen painted on perfect smoky eyes and a pink lip stain . Nina Dobrev Vampire Diaries beauty Nina Dobrev looked elegant in a strapless , form-fitting red Donna Karan gown , Neil Lane jewels , Brian Atwood stilettos and a Judith Leiber clutch . InStyle.com : Best hair and makeup at the Emmys Evan Rachel Wood "  I put it on and it immediately fit , " the "  Mildred Pierce " star said of her black sequin Elie Saab gown . "  I did n't have to do a thing to it . I have to give it back that 's the only unfortunate part . " The outstanding supporting actress nominee completed her look with Fred Leighton jewels , Salvatore Ferragamo shoes and a Judith Leiber bag . Kerry Washington Presenter Kerry Washington wore a red beaded , strapless Zuhair Murad gown with a fitted silhouette . She finished the look with a matching crimson Jimmy Choo clutch and shoes . Kristen Wiig Funnylady Kristen Wiig paired her cinched waist , chocolate ombré Zac Posen design with weighty gold Fred Leighton bangles.The outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series nominee left her caramel-highlighted strands down and loose to complement the rich brown tones in her gown . Amy Poehler "  Parks and Recreation " star Amy Poehler accessorized her glittering blue Peter Som gown with ball drop earrings , a matching ring , and a Judith Leiber clutch . The Most Fashionable TV Shows of All Time Julie Bowen "  I ca n't believe I 'm wearing Oscar de la Renta , " the "  Modern Family " star and Emmy nominee said about her metallic gown with the plunging neckline . "  It 's always been a little bit of a dream . " Her low side ponytail showed off her stunning Neil Lane drop earrings . Kate Winslet "  I 'm wearing a really comfortable Elie Saab dress . I like it a lot , " Kate Winslet said of her vibrant curve-conscious Emmys look . The outstanding lead actress in a miniseries nominee teased her blond waves into a loose updo , and accessorized with diamond drop earrings , a matching bracelet and a sleek clutch . Check out all of the night 's top looks at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Some of the best-dressed at this year 's Emmys wore body conscious gowns "  Mildred Pierce " co-stars Kate Winslet and Evan Rachel Wood both wore Elie Saab gowns "  Modern Family 's " Sofia Vergara thought her Colombian emeralds added excitement Julianna Margulies revealed that she picked her white Armani Privé the night before
Editor 's note : Benjamin Todd Jealous is the new president and CEO of the NAACP . Benjamin Jealous says the 100-year-old NAACP has an ambitious agenda for civil and human rights . CNN  -- Thursday the U.S. Senate passed a resolution apologizing for slavery and for legalized segregation . It arrived more than a hundred years late , but better late than never . Members of the U.S. House of Representatives are expected to pass a similar resolution , and when they do , the bipartisan resolution will acknowledge our nation 's need to take a historic leap out of the shameful past of racial discrimination and toward a future that promises all citizens full access to the legal protections laid out in the U.S. Constitution . But we must go beyond the civil rights guaranteed in the Constitution and advocate for the human rights that will assure that America 's promise is realized for all . While our Constitution mandates equality , for example , there is no constitutional guarantee for an education , let alone a good education . The fight for good schools is a struggle for our human rights . Some have opined that there is no longer a need for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and that we as a society are post-racial because of the election of our first black president . But we can not be post-racial until we are post-racism . The case of Troy Davis , an African American man set for execution who we believe was wrongly convicted , is an exemplar of the disparities that still rock our nation  see IAMTROY.com  . Davis was convicted of killing a police officer and has spent 18 years on death row . There is no physical evidence linking him to the crime and seven of the nine witnesses recanted or contradicted their testimony . His case has sparked an outcry from both proponents and opponents of the death penalty including former FBI director William Sessions and conservative presidential candidate Bob Barr . Yet our laws do n't allow him a new trial to reexamine the evidence that points to his innocence . African-Americans are disproportionately represented on death row . Of the 3,500 people on death row , about 42 percent are black , and virtually all are poor . Studies underscore that it is race and class , more than guilt , that determines whether a defendant , once convicted , is sentenced to death . The statistics paint an ongoing portrait of inequality . Unemployment for African-Americans remains twice that of whites and studies show there is no scientific rationale -- neither education nor experience -- that explains the gap . In some American cities , 50 percent of school-aged black men drop out of school and as much as 50 percent of young black men are unemployed . Now , as we prepare to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the NAACP in New York from July 11-16  NAACP.org  , we recognize that despite our many accomplishments , we have a long path ahead to right the inequity that still racks our nation . Prompted by the riots in Abraham Lincoln 's hometown of Springfield , Illinois , where a mob of whites containing many of the town 's "  best citizens , " raged for two days , killed and wounded scores of African-Americans , and drove thousands from the city , a multiracial group of intellectuals , journalists and activists gathered in a small New York apartment to launch the NAACP and fight lynching 's and mob violence . History has shown the efficacy of our tried and true approach : dreaming bold dreams , breaking them down into incremental steps and ultimately achieving big victories . And our triumphs strengthen the fabric of democracy in America . When , after a multidecade-long struggle , we ended the cruel practice of lynching , not only African-Americans benefited but also Catholics , who were , after black people , the likeliest targets of lynchings in the South . Similarly , our lawsuit against 15 banks for steering African-Americans into the predatory loans that have devastated neighborhoods today would force transparency and accountability that would benefit all Americans . The election of President Obama is the result of a decades-long fight for political inclusion . His victory may have come as a bolt from the blue for some , but at the NAACP , we know that our century of hard work helped pave the way for the junior senator from Illinois , a black man , to win the White House . If our unofficial motto , "  registration , mobilization , education , " sounds familiar , it is because that deceptively simple formula informed the successful election campaign of Obama . The NAACP has always been about the present and the future , and we choose to focus on solutions , rather than just bemoan the hard work to be done : This does n't indicate denial , or ineffectiveness , we simply prefer action over rhetoric . Now , we see Lincoln 's radical determination to extend the rights of the Constitution to all American citizens as the NAACP 's guiding light . We do n't often hear the words "  radical " and "  NAACP " in the same sentence but I like the proximity : We 've kicked off our next hundred years with actions that might have been perceived as "  radical " at our founding a century ago -- from ending the death penalty in New Mexico to successfully passing anti-racial profiling legislation in Missouri and other states . Being radical is not new for me . I was born out of resistance to Jim Crow when my mom and dad married despite their union being illegal in many states . My dad , Fred , was disowned for marrying a black woman and was used to being the only white guy thrown out of the diner for trying to integrate the lunch counter . My mom , Ann , was an early activist in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee . My generation , was told the civil rights battles had largely been won -- "  Go forth young man and make money , enjoy your life and be successful " -- but we woke up to find ourselves the most murdered and incarcerated generation in history . So I chose to be an activist , starting at 14 with voter registration drives . I was later kicked out of Columbia University for protesting -- ultimately graduating and becoming a Rhodes scholar . During that forced hiatus , I journeyed south where I learned firsthand about the tenacity and pain of southern racism and poverty . I already knew well its northern urban counterpart . I also learned that we could win -- which filled me with a sense of hope for the nation and confidence in our ability to impact the world . Our many victories and the election of our first black president fuels my optimism over the bright future of the civil and human rights movement . It is spiced with a dash of pride , too . Thanks , in part to the work of the NAACP , my 3-year-old daughter and her girlfriends will grow up in an America where the idea of a woman president -- or a black man , or an Asian woman , or a Latino man -- is n't likely to be "  radical " at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous .	Benjamin Jealous : NAACP formed in response to lynchings and race riots He says organization still has a "  radical " agenda after 100 years Jealous : We must move beyond civil rights to human rights He says organization is fighting inequities in education and criminal justice
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah has been called "  The King of Hearts " by many of his countrymen , referring to what they believe are his compassionate attempts to reform his ultra-conservative kingdom . He used his power Monday to overturn a criminal court sentence of 60 lashes and a two-year travel ban imposed on female journalist Rosanna al-Yami . Under the travel ban , she could not have left Saudi Arabia . Al-Yami was sentenced for her work on an episode of the television show "  A Thick Red Line " that featured a Saudi man who bragged about sexual escapades . The controversial show explores social taboos . It is carried by the Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. , for which al-Yami works as a coordinator and guest booker . "  King Abdullah 's swift revocation of this punishment sends an important notice to the Saudi judicial system that it should not go after journalists for exercising free speech , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director for Human Rights Watch . "  King Abdullah should also overturn the sentence against the man at the center of the case , who had spoken about sex on a television show , and initiate reforms to strengthen the rights to freedom of expression and to a fair trial , " Human Rights Watch said in a written statement . In the episode , the Saudi man , Mazen Abdul Jawad , 32 , bragged about his sex life . Saudi authorities put him on trial and sentenced him to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes . Shortly afterward , the court sentenced al-Yami . Jawad 's attorney , Suleiman al-Jumeii , said al-Yami was not involved in setting up the episode in which his client appeared . The lawyer said he is attempting to pursue an appeal for his client and get the case heard in a special court that deals only with media matters . "  A Thick Red Line " caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where sharia , or Islamic law , is practiced . Pre-marital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle . Saudi authorities shut down Lebanese Broadcasting 's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago . The king 's pardon of al-Yami was unusual , but it was not the first time he has stepped in . In late 2007 , the king pardoned a woman who , although she had been gang-raped , was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for appearing in public with an unrelated male , who also was pardoned , according to the Saudi justice minister . The king concluded in a letter pardoning the woman that her male companion , who was abducted along with her , had suffered torture along with her . Details of what happened to the two were not disclosed . Octavia Nasr , senior editor for Middle East affairs , contributed to this report .	Saudi king overturns journalist 's sentence of 60 lashes , two-year travel ban Female journalist worked on controversial TV show on sexual taboos Saudi man was sentenced to five years in jail , 1,000 lashes for his role in show Human Rights Watch.calls on King Abdullah to overturn that sentence too
CNN  -- With designs inspired by the nomadic warriors of the Middle East , Emirati fashion designer Khalid AlQasimi is making waves in fashion circuits across Europe . Founder and creative director of the haute couture fashion house "  Qasimi , " the Central St. Martins graduate has wowed critics in both London and Paris , with his bold use of colors and architecturally inspired designs . With the likes of Lily Cole and Erin O'Connor showcasing his creations , it 's been a whirlwind ride for the young designer who only established his fashion label two years ago . Born in the emirate of Sharjah , AlQasimi moved to the United Kingdom after being awarded an art scholarship at the age of nine . After school , he enrolled at the Architectural Association but after a three month trip to South America decided that his true love lay in design . Now , as AlQasimi gears up for the January launch of his menswear collection in Paris , he tells CNN how his homeland has inspired his work . CNN : What does the UAE mean to you ? KQ : I 'm from Sharjah which has a different ideology to Dubai . To me , Sharjah means calmness , peace and family . CNN : Where do you see the UAE heading ? KQ : Sharjah is really pushing the arts . It 's right at the forefront . The Sharjah Biennale has been going on for thirteen years . Sharjah 's arts and culture program is growing and in the universities , so are science and technology . It 's all about the new generation . CNN : What are your favorite places to go in the UAE ? KQ : The Kasbah in Sharjah is a great place to go out in the evening . It has delicious international cuisine . The Sharjah Art Museum has a great array of contemporary art . I also love Souq al Arsha . That 's one of the oldest souks in the Middle East . It 's still ongoing with traditional handicraft and silverware . They have a sweet coffee shop in the middle . It shows the old way and how the old souks used to work . CNN : How has the UAE influenced your design ? KQ : There 's always this underlying influence of the UAE and Middle East in my design . The characters I design for are usually urban tribal warriors and nomadic explorers . The idea of dressing as art is part of our culture . The smoking of incense and the placement of the headdress -- there 's a whole art to it . CNN : How has the UAE shaped your personality ? KQ : Growing up in both the UK and the UAE has given me an understanding of both cultures . It 's given me a thirst for knowledge and exploring and discovering other places . It 's made me want to learn different languages and travel . CNN : What are your fondest memories of the UAE ? KQ : The food , the smells , the stars at night . That 's something that 's really stuck with me . You can see the stars so clearly in Sharjah . I love going to the desert , lying on the dunes and watching the stars . I also miss the salty smell of the air and the light . There 's an amazing quality to the light in the UAE -- the way it dazzles and bounces off the buildings . CNN : What differences do you see between the Emirates ? KQ : Dubai is an economic hub , studded with contemporary architecture . Dubai has a bold view of where it wants to go , whereas Sharjah -- it 's not necessarily retreating -- but it 's concentrating more on its past . Sharjah wants to save its past . It wants to reconstruct and rebuild its old architecture . CNN : How does it feel to be from the UAE when most people living there are from overseas ? KQ : Growing up , it was great being in such a multicultural surrounding . It gives the locals an understanding of what lies beyond the Middle East . Most people in the UAE speak multiple languages -- a minimum two and probably three and it 's also given us a clearer understanding of self .	Upcoming fashion designer Khalid AlQasimi talks to CNN about growing up in UAE Country 's history of "  dressing as art is part of our culture " has inspired his designs UAE 's multiculturalism has given him an understanding of the wider world
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Authorities on Thursday ordered the closure of a restaurant for repeatedly violating the nation 's tough new anti-smoking law , the first such shutdown in Spain , officials told CNN . The owner of the restaurant -- El Asador Guadalmina near the popular southern Mediterranean resort of Marbella -- earlier this week defiantly told Spanish media he would not pay a nearly $ 200,000 fine for allowing clients to smoke in his locale , despite the new law which prohibits smoking in all indoor bars and restaurants . "  This restaurant has been in non-compliance since the law began , " said a spokesman for Spain 's national health ministry . "  From what we know , this is the first case in the country " of a restaurant closure order . Health inspectors made two visits to the restaurant Thursday , the first time leaving an order to close the establishment and the second time accompanied by two police officers , CNN affiliate Cuatro TV reported from the scene . But restaurant owner Jose Eugenio Arias dug in his heels , telling a throng of reporters outside the restaurant on Thursday , "  No one is going to close my business . I will fight 'til the end . I 'm using my constitutional rights as a citizen and I 'm not going to be run over by this dictatorial , Marxist , terrorist government . " The restaurant remained open Thursday evening before the Spanish dinner hour , and some clients could be seen smoking inside . But the CNN affiliate 's reporter on the scene said local authorities were not willing to wait much longer and warned they could send the police to shut the locale . Even before the new smoking law took effect January 2 , the restaurant posted signs reading , "  As a private business , making use of what we understand to be our rights , this law will not be applied in our establishment . " The signs went on to accuse Spain 's Socialist government of using the new law as a "  smoke screen to cover up seven years of massive destruction in Spain , " apparent references to the country 's deep economic crisis and to the two terms of the elected government . The restaurant owner , Jose Eugenio Arias , has since formed an association called Reform or Be Ruined , trying to build support among other bar and restaurant owners for non-compliance with the law . The law puts Spain in line with the strictest European countries , Britain , France and Italy , which prohibit smoking in all enclosed public spaces . The Spanish government says most of the nation 's bars and restaurants are complying with the ban . Many have added to their outdoor terrace space , or put in outdoor heating , so that clients can step outside for a smoke , where it is allowed . Arias told Cuatro TV in an interview earlier this week that he had no intention of paying the nearly $ 200,000 fine , and he vowed to fight any attempt to limit his decision to permit clients to smoke in his restaurant . Arias has 15 days to appeal the administrative order to close his restaurant , the Andalusia health department spokeswoman said .	The restaurant 's owner has vowed to defy the law He says he wo n't pay nearly $ 200,000 fine The closing of the restaurant would be the first in Spain , an official says
Criminal gang membership increased as much as 40 percent in the United States during the past three years , according to an FBI report released Friday . An estimated 1.4 million people are active in more than 33,000 street , prison and outlaw motorcycle gangs across the country , the report states . That compares to about 1 million gang members when the investigative agency last compiled such figures in January 2009 . FBI officials , however , were quick to emphasize that the apparent 40 percent increase in membership may reflect more accurate reporting of numbers , in addition to any sudden swell in gangs ' ranks . They said some of the spike could be due to much better reporting by law enforcement officers , an increase in the number of agencies reporting and other administrative factors . "  We know gang membership has increased . How much , we really do n't know , " a senior FBI official told reporters at the agency 's Washington headquarters . The 100-page 2011 "  National Gang Threat Assessment " claimed criminal gangs pose a growing threat in communities throughout the United States . "  The most notable trends for 2011 have been the overall increase in gang membership and the expansion of criminal street gangs ' control of street-level drug sales and collaboration with rival gangs and other criminal organizations , " according to the report . While there was no data related to how the economy might factor into growth in gangs , more aggressive recruiting and cultural and ethnic factors may have contributed to the increase in gang membership . Although overall crime in the United States has continued to decline over the past three years , the relative amount of crime inflicted by gang members appears to have increased . The new FBI report claims that gangs are responsible for 48 % of violent crime , on average , in most jurisdictions . Neighborhood-based gangs have proven that they can be as violent as the notorious Central American gang MS-13 , which continues to grow . U.S.-based gangs are establishing stronger working relationships with Central American and Mexican gangs to facilitate not only drug smuggling , but also weapons trafficking and immigrant smuggling , the report claims . Although anti-gang officials said at Friday 's press conference that they are concerned about gang members who enter the military , they do n't note any evident gang activity among active U.S. military personnel . However , they fear those individuals who receive weapons and tactical training might use both to commit violence crimes when they re-enter society . Officials said that some gang members have radicalized while in prison , expressing worries that those individuals could be even more dangerous when they 're released . Although some view criminal gangs as susceptible to payments from would-be terrorists , the anti-gang officials said today 's gang leaders are often sophisticated and understand the risk of getting caught up in any terrorist organizations or plots . To date , officials have not noticed any clear connections between criminal gangs and terrorist groups . Gangs can be found in every U.S. state and the District of Columbia . The largest number of gang members is in southern California , southern Arizona and the Chicago area . The vast majority of these people belong to street gangs , predominantly in the West .	An estimated 1.4 million are active in U.S. gangs , compared to 1 million in 2009 An FBI official admits gangs ' ranks swelled , but says better reporting may be a factor Gangs are responsible for 48 % of violent crime , on average , in most jurisdictions
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution Friday expressing its intent to , eventually , send U.N. peacekeeping forces back to the fractured , unstable nation of Somalia . Islamist insurgents display their weaponry Friday in Mogadishu during a parade . The resolution was sponsored by the U.S. , in one of the final Bush Administration initiatives at the United Nations . The passage of the resolution follows the exit of a U.N.-backed , Ethiopian peacekeeping force that completed a two-year deployment in Somalia Thursday . There is wide-spread concern among diplomats and regional leaders in the Horn of Africa that , with the withdrawal of Ethiopian forces , a power vacuum will be filled in Somalia by regional Islamic extremist groups , some with links to al-Qaeda . The U.N. resolution sets forth a process that aims to bring stability and sovereignty to Somalia , which has been racked by violence and lawlessness since the government was overthrown in 1991 . First , the resolution expresses renewed support that an African Union force currently deployed in Somalia -- known as AMISOM -- remains on the ground . The A.U. contingent is currently comprised of 2,600 troops . The U.N. resolution calls on the African Union to strengthen those levels to 8,000 . The resolution then requests that U.N. Secretary-General , Ban Ki-Moon , submit a report by April 15 , 2009 updating the situation in Somalia , and it asks that he develop the mandate for a U.N. peacekeeping force . Finally , a decision on U.N. peacekeeping is requested by June 1 , 2009 . However , the process is off to a rocky start . Last month , Ban said that requests to U.N. member nations for peacekeeping forces for Somalia were received negatively . Also , throughout , one of the key players in the Somalia decisions will likely be Susan Rice , President-Elect Obama 's nominee for new U.S. - U.N. Ambassador , and a specialist on African issues . At her confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in Washington on Thursday , Rice told senators that she is "  skeptical about the wisdom of a United Nations peacekeeping force in Somalia at this time . "	Resolution expresses intent to send U.N. peacekeeping forces to Somalia The resolution in war-torn country was sponsored by the United States Ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in Somalia Regional leaders fear vacuum will be filled by Islamic extremist groups
CNN  -- Navy Yard gunman Aaron Alexis left a trail of so-called red flags that , in hindsight , seem quite glaring , even if the impetus for this week 's deadly rampage remains murky . For almost 10 years , he showed that he was troubled -- and had a predilection for violence -- even if friends and family members familiar with his emotional problems seem floored that he was disturbed enough to shoot and kill 12 people in Washington on Monday . They may seem like minor episodes when compared with Monday 's shootings , but when pieced together , they provide ample fodder for critics who question how Alexis maintained the security clearance that gave him access to the Navy Yard . 2004 ` blackout ' On the morning of May 6 , 2004 , Alexis fired his Glock into two tires of a Honda Accord near a Seattle home where he was staying . He was arrested and charged with malicious mischief . Alexis told police the car 's owner , a construction worker , had disrespected him , leading to an anger-fueled "  blackout , " according to a police report . His father told Seattle police that Alexis had post-traumatic stress disorder after working as "  an active participant in rescue attempts " after the 9/11 attacks , the report said . Alexis ' dad further told police his son had anger management issues related to PTSD . "  It appears as if investigators were aware of the incident , interviewed him and were satisfied that it did not preclude granting the clearance , " a senior naval officer said of Alexis ' 2007 enlistment . Navy chief defends program that screens contractors after audit shows problems 2008 nightclub arrest About five months after being granted a "  secret " security clearance -- the year after joining the Navy -- Alexis was kicked out of a metro Atlanta club for damaging the furnishings , according to a police report . Outside , Alexis cursed profusely , and when he defied police orders to stop , they arrested him for disorderly conduct , the report said . The arrest was integral in the Navy 's decision to try to end his military career , which would n't culminate for another three years , but Alexis was never stripped of his security clearance . 2010 gunfire incident Fort Worth , Texas , police arrested Alexis in September 2010 after he allegedly fired a bullet through his ceiling into a neighbor 's apartment . According to records , he told police he accidentally fired the weapon while cleaning it . He was calm when police arrived . He was never charged . Texas was Alexis ' last official address , and friend Kristi Suthamtewakul said he spoke Thai , practiced meditation at a Buddhist temple and participated in his community . But he also hinted at a residual anger . "  One of the things he talked about was 9/11 and how he was there and he saw the towers come down from where he was working , " Suthamtewakul said . "  He had an anger towards the terrorists who did that and took innocent people . " 2011 Navy discharge When the Navy began pursuing Alexis ' general discharge , a dismissal that could have affected his security clearance , he had eight instances of misconduct on his record . Among them were insubordination , disorderly conduct , drunkenness and unauthorized absences from work , a U.S. defense official said . He eventually left the service with a less-severe honorable discharge because there were no convictions or evidence to necessitate a general discharge , the official said . Alexis was allowed to keep his security clearance so long as he used it in another official capacity within two years , which he did after gaining employment in September 2012 with a contractor , refreshing computer systems in Japan . In recent weeks , he sought help from a Veterans Affairs hospital in Rhode Island , his second such visit to a VA facility . While authorities are investigating the circumstances of those visits , sources differ on why Alexis wanted help , variously saying he was either hearing voices or having trouble sleeping . Suthamtewakul recalled Alexis expressing impatience with the VA : "  He was very frustrated with the government and how as a veteran he did n't feel like he was getting treated right or fairly . " Vetting military contractors : How did Navy Yard gunman get in ? August ` microwave machine ' allegation Last month , police in Newport , Rhode Island , responded to a harassment complaint at a Marriott hotel . There , Alexis told them that someone "  had sent three people to follow him and to talk , keep him awake and send vibrations into his body , " a police report said . These individuals had followed him to three hotels in the area , Alexis told police , and spoke to him through the walls and floor and used "  some sort of microwave machine " that sent "  vibrations through the ceiling , penetrating his body so he can not fall asleep , " according to the August 7 report . Alexis also told authorities , according to the report , that "  he does not have a history of mental illness in his family and that he never had any sort of mental episode . " Police notified Navy officials , the report said . Asked for comment , Naval Station Newport officials referred CNN to the FBI , which had no comment . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Chelsea J. Carter and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	Numerous incidents in Aaron Alexis ' past show that he was troubled , prone to violence Alexis shooting out the tires of car in Seattle in 2004 is the first in a string of instances 2010 brings another arrest after Alexis fires a bullet through the ceiling of an apartment Last month , two years after his Navy discharge , he tells police he heard voices in three hotels
CNN  -- If you want to understand the way prescription drugs are marketed today , have a look at the 1928 book , "  Propaganda , " by Edward Bernays , the father of public relations in America . For Bernays , the public relations business was less about selling things than about creating the conditions for things to sell themselves . When Bernays was working as a salesman for Mozart pianos , for example , he did not simply place advertisements for pianos in newspapers . That would have been too obvious . Instead , Bernays persuaded reporters to write about a new trend : Sophisticated people were putting aside a special room in the home for playing music . Once a person had a music room , Bernays believed , he would naturally think of buying a piano . As Bernays wrote , "  It will come to him as his own idea . " Just as Bernays sold pianos by selling the music room , pharmaceutical marketers now sell drugs by selling the diseases that they treat . The buzzword is "  disease branding . " To brand a disease is to shape its public perception in order to make it more palatable to potential patients . Panic disorder , reflux disease , erectile dysfunction , restless legs syndrome , bipolar disorder , overactive bladder , ADHD , premenstrual dysphoric disorder , even clinical depression : All these conditions were once regarded as rare until a marketing campaign transformed the brand . Once a branded disease has achieved a degree of cultural legitimacy , there is no need to convince anyone that a drug to treat it is necessary . It will come to him as his own idea . Disease branding works especially well for two kinds of conditions . The first is the shameful condition that can be destigmatized . For instance , when Pharmacia launched Detrol in the late 1990s , the condition the drug treated was known to doctors as "  urge incontinence . " Patients called it "  accidentally peeing in my pants " and were embarrassed to bring it up with their physicians . Pharmacia fixed the problem by rebranding the condition as "  overactive bladder . " Whereas "  incontinence " suggested weakness and was associated mainly with elderly women , the phrase "  overactive bladder " evoked a supercharged organ frantically working overtime . To qualify for a diagnosis of "  overactive bladder , " patients did not actually have to lose bladder control . " They simply needed to go to the bathroom a lot . The vice president of Pharmacia , Neil Wolf , explained the branding strategy in a 2002 presentation called "  Positioning Detrol : Creating a Disease . " By creating the disease of "  overactive bladder , " Wolf claimed , Pharmacia created a market of 21 million potential patients . Another good candidate for branding is a condition that can be plausibly portrayed as under-diagnosed . Branding such a condition assures potential patients that they are part of a large and credible community of sufferers . For example , in 1999 , the FDA approved the antidepressant Paxil for the treatment of "  social anxiety disorder , " a condition previously known as "  shyness . " See more CNN.com opinion articles In order to convince shy people they had social anxiety disorder , GlaxoSmithKline , the maker of Paxil , hired a PR firm called Cohn and Wolfe . Cohn and Wolfe put together a public awareness campaign called "  Imagine being allergic to people , " which was allegedly sponsored by a group called the "  Social Anxiety Disorders Coalition . " GlaxoSmithKline also recruited celebrities like Ricky Williams , the NFL running back , and paid them to give interviews to the press about their own social anxiety disorder . Finally , they hired academic psychiatrists working on social anxiety disorder and sent them out on the lecture circuit in the top 25 media markets . The results were remarkable . In the two years before Paxil was approved for social anxiety , there were only about 50 references to social anxiety disorder in the press . But in 1999 , during the PR campaign , there were over a billion references . Within two years Paxil had become the seventh most profitable drug in America , and Cohn and Wolfe had picked up an award for the best PR campaign of 1999 . Today , social anxiety disorder , far from being rare , is often described as the third most common mental illness in the world . It is hard to brand a disease without the help of physicians , of course . So drug companies typically recruit academic "  thought leaders " to write and speak about any new conditions they are trying to introduce . It also helps if the physicians believe the branded condition is dangerous . When AstraZeneca introduced Prilosec  and later Nexium  for heartburn , for example , it famously repositioned heartburn as "  gastroesophageal reflux disease , " or GERD . But it also commissioned research to demonstrate the devastating consequences of failing to treat it . If all drugs were harmless , disease branding would be relatively harmless , too . But no drug is completely benign . For example , Detrol can make elderly people delirious and may cause memory problems . Paxil is associated with sexual dysfunction and dependence . It also carries a black-box warning for suicide in children and adolescents . Side effects like these are a part of every drug . But they are never part of the brand . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Elliott .	Carl Elliott : Drug makers have mastered the art of branding medical conditions to sell cures By creating a brand , firms can make consumers feel taking a drug is needed The disease branding tends to overlook the potential side effects of the drug , he says Elliott : Paxil was marketed to treat "  social anxiety disorder , " once known as "  shyness "
CNN  -- Staffers at a federal prison in central Florida fired shots to break up a large-scale fight that sent eight inmates to hospital emergency rooms Sunday afternoon , officials said . Eight inmates were injured Sunday in a fight at Coleman Federal Correctional Complex in Florida , officials said . Authorities did not say what led to the fight at the Coleman Federal Correctional Complex in Sumter County . A statement from the prison said one inmate suffered a gunshot wound , but did not say whether the person was struck by a prison staff member 's bullet . The other seven were "  stabbing/shooting victims , " said a spokesman for Orlando Regional Medical Center , where the inmates were taken . The hospital did not elaborate . No prison staffers were seriously hurt in the incident , which the FBI is investigating , said Charles Ratledge , spokesman for the prison . The fight broke out in the recreation yard of the United States Penitentiary No. 2 , a high-security facility , about 2:20 p.m. . The Coleman complex consists of four institutions . The other three facilities -- another U.S. penitentiary , a medium-security and a low-security facility -- were not affected , said Bureau of Prison spokeswoman Traci Billingsley . "  The inmates ignored staff orders to stop their assaultive behavior , and shots were fired by institution staff to prevent possible loss of life , " Ratledge said . Five medical evacuation helicopters -- three from the hospital -- landed at the prison and transported the injured inmates on the 15 - to 20-minute flight to Orlando Regional , hospital spokesman Joe Brown said . The prison complex is in near Coleman in Sumter County , about 50 miles northwest of Orlando , Florida . The community was never endangered by the fight , U.S. Justice Department spokeswoman Laura Sweeney said . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Susan Candiotti and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Staffers had to fire shots to break up large-scale fight , officials say Eight inmates wounded , one by gunshot , at prison complex in Florida , officials say Officials : Fight happened at Coleman Federal Correctional Complex 's recreation yard No staff members were hurt during the brawl , spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Gunmen on a motorbike killed a Russian military instructor and wounded a second Tuesday in Yemen 's capital of Sanaa , two senior police officials said . They used silencers and needed only seconds for the attack , eyewitnesses said . "  We only realized when the two Russians were on the floor and a motorcycle was seen escaping the scene , " said Saleh al-Matari . "  They escaped by using side streets and driving through residential areas . " Security forces arrived 10 minutes later , witnesses said . The wounded man was taken to a hospital , according to police . The two victims were advising Yemen 's army as private security contractors , said the police officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity . They were walking out of their hotel when they were shot . The Russian Embassy would not confirm that the victims were Russian . Last month , a German security expert was shot dead as he walked out of a Sanaa supermarket . Yemen is the most impoverished country in the Middle East and is plagued by two major bloody conflicts . Shiite Houthi rebels have fought a separatist battle for years but recently came to a cease-fire agreement with the government of the majority Sunni nation . Last week , one of their representatives in Yemen 's parliament was shot dead by gunmen on a motorcycle in Sanaa . Yemen is also a home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which many analysts believe is the most dangerous wing of the terrorist network . U.S. counterterrorism officials have said that AQAP strives to attack targets outside of Yemen . With the help of drone strikes allegedly carried out by the CIA , Yemen 's military put militants in the country 's tribal region on retreat last year , but AQAP regularly carries out terrorist attacks on soldiers and officials .	Witnesses said that they used silencers and needed only seconds for the attack Two bloody conflicts plague the impoverished country Shiite rebels have long fought for independence , and al Qaeda has a key hub in Yemen Terrorist attacks in Sanaa occur regularly
CNN  -- What do Meat Loaf and the Jacksons have in common ? The city of flashy lights . Or Las Vegas , to be more exact . The Jacksons -- Jackie , Tito , Jermaine and Marlon -- will perform 40 shows at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino starting February 20 . "  They 'll sing their hits , tell unheard stories and take audiences through their career , " said event organizer RockTellz & CockTails . The Jacksons said they 're thrilled to be a part of a residency that has featured acts such as Celine Dion and Britney Spears . "  My brothers and I ca n't wait to take the stage and bring our hits -- and the stories behind them -- to life for the fans , " Jackie Jackson said . Michael Jacksons ' brothers are known for big hits such as "  I Want You Back " and "  I 'll Be There . " A week before they start , Meat Loaf will return to perform under the same series as part of his second residency . His show starts February 13 . "  For me , the show is more than just another concert ... I 'm able to bring together music , acting and theater and do things you ca n't normally do when you 're on the road , " Meat Loaf said in a statement . "  I get to have a lot of fun and it definitely shows . " Meat Loaf 's hits include "  I 'd Do Anything for Love  But I Wo n't Do That  , " "  Two Out of Three Ai n't Bad " and "  Paradise by the Dashboard Light . " His real name is Marvin Lee Aday .	The Jacksons will perform 40 shows during their residency A week before they start , Meat Loaf will return to perform under the same series The performances will be at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino
CNN  -- A Colorado woman indicted on terror charges pleaded not guilty at her arraignment Wednesday in federal court in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Jamie Paulin-Ramirez , 31 , faces federal charges that she conspired to support terrorists overseas . She was mostly expressionless at the hearing and nodded her head to indicate her not guilty plea rather than saying it aloud . She was wearing a green jumpsuit . Her attorney said she is 12 weeks pregnant . The attorney , Jeremy Gonzalez Ibrahim , said he and his client decided she should not speak at the hearing because the government may have collected audio evidence . If that is the case , the defense did n't want to give prosecutors an opportunity to do voice analysis between her courtroom testimony and any possible evidence , Ibrahim said . Paulin-Ramirez , who was indicted Friday , is being held in a federal detention center in Philadelphia . She was arrested in Ireland in March , reportedly as part of an investigation into a conspiracy to commit murder . She was released without charges after that arrest . The fact that she was released in Ireland and chose to return from abroad to answer charges in Philadelphia shows that she is confident of clearing her name , Ibrahim said . Paulin-Ramirez , who was indicted Friday , is being held in a federal detention center in Philadelphia . Her lawyer said she will file a motion for bail . The U.S. indictment also charges Colleen R. LaRose , a Pennsylvania suspect known as "  Jihad Jane , " with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists . The indictment is a superseding document to a previous indictment that charged only LaRose . According to the latest indictment , Paulin-Ramirez exchanged e-mail messages with LaRose during summer 2009 and was invited by the Pennsylvania woman to join her in Europe to attend a "  training camp . " Paulin-Ramirez accepted the invitation and arrived in Europe with her 6-year-old son , Christian , on September 12 , 2009 , with "  the intent to live and train with jihadists , " the indictment says . Paulin-Ramirez was arrested Friday afternoon in Philadelphia after voluntarily flying to the United States from abroad , authorities said . Her lawyer , Jeremy Ibrahim , said his client "  did what any law-abiding citizen would do if they knew they were facing charges back home : She came back with her -LSB- 6-year-old -RSB- son . " Paulin-Ramirez , of Leadville , Colorado , briefly appeared in court Friday . Ibrahim said Paulin-Ramirez married a man when she arrived in Ireland last fall after meeting him through the Internet . Ibrahim said the man "  courted her and told that he would take care of her and her son . " On Tuesday , the government filed a motion for a continuance in the trial of Paulin-Ramirez and LaRose , citing the complexity of evidence in the case including the seizure of several computer hard drives . The trial was originally set for May . The government 's motion also called for a court order to schedule a pretrial conference among parties in the case to discuss discovery materials under the Classified Information Protective Act . Paulin-Ramirez 's son is being held in the custody of Pennsylvania Child Services . Ibrahim has said Paulin-Ramirez is distraught over the welfare of her son . Her attorney said he has not been able to see the boy to check on his condition on behalf of his mother . He said he is trying to make arrangements for a phone call between mother and son . CNN 's Miguel Susana contributed to this report .	Jamie Paulin-Ramirez accused of conspiring to support terrorists Paulin-Ramirez voluntarily flew back from abroad with 6-year-old son She was arrested in Ireland in March , reportedly during investigation into murder plot
CNN  -- LinkedIn hopes to jazz up its news feed with the addition of 150 super influencers on the network who fans can follow , a la Twitter . The elite circle includes President Obama , GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , physician/writer Deepak Chopra , Virgin founder/CEO Richard Branson , motivational speaker Tony Robbins and Mashable 's founder/CEO Pete Cashmore , among others . Fans can follow the celebs for regular updates , just like on Twitter . However , there are some differences . There 's no 140-character limit on updates and the communication is designed to be business-related . "  Our goal is to always make sure that there 's high quality , " says Dan Roth , executive editor at LinkedIn . When asked when the next round of super-influencers will be added , Roth replied , "  The answer is we do n't know . " LinkedIn has reason to wade cautiously into this Twitteresque feature . While fake accounts and off-subject tweets are part of that social network 's charm , unleashing the same on LinkedIn could destroy its niche as a sober forum for business . As such , the activity of the initial 150 will be different than their Twitter feeds . "  People come here for a purpose , " Roth says . "  They 're at work or thinking about work . It 's not about their personal lives . " The group 's ability to engage LinkedIn 's audience will be ranked by views , likes , comments and shares that are visible to all users . Such metrics will both act as a self-regulating feature , but will also prompt the inevitable ranking of the top 10 and bottom 10 . The addition of the program is the latest evolution for the nine-year-old LinkedIn , which was initially little more than an online Rolodex . Over time , the site has emerged as a social network with its own hive of activity . Twitter 's decision in June to no longer let users tweet to LinkedIn may have actually helped the company overcome criticism that it 's a low-engagement network : PageLever , an analytics tool for Facebook Pages , found that the Twitter disentanglement actually prompted a 1,000 % increase in page referrals from Facebook . Since the Twitter breakup , LinkedIn also ushered in a redesign that made it look more like Facebook or Google + . What do you think ? Will this spur more activity on LinkedIn ? Sound off in the comments below . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	LinkedIn adds follow feature to allow users to follow key influencers on the site The 150 influencers include Obama , Romney as well as business leaders Twitter-like feature comes after that site opted to no longer integrate with LinkedIn
CNN  -- Inspectors overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons have visited 21 of the 23 sites they want to inspect by a Friday deadline , but security concerns have prevented visits to the remaining two , the world 's chemical weapons watchdog said Monday . "  Efforts ... to ensure the conditions necessary for safe access to those sites will continue , " the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said in a statement released Monday . OPCW spokesman Michael Luhan added that the two remaining sites are in areas contested by government forces and opposition militants -- part of a conflict that has raged in the country since 2011 . A joint OPCW-United Nations team is overseeing Syria 's efforts to destroy its chemical weapons , which the country agreed to do earlier this year under international pressure . The U.N. Security Council resolution gives Syria until mid-2014 to destroy that arsenal , and charges inspectors with completing their initial inspections of all Syrian chemical weapons and storage facilities by November 1 . But Syria 's civil war presents inspectors with significant challenges , including having to cross front lines and move through areas controlled by rebels . The OPCW previously has said that cooperation by rebels , in the form of temporary cease-fires to allow inspectors safe passage , would be key if deadlines are to be met . Luhan said Monday that the United Nations is negotiating for the inspectors ' safe passage to the two remaining sites . The inspectors will be deployed as soon as their safety is guaranteed , he said . Monday 's statement by the OPCW came a day after the group said Syria met its Sunday deadline for submitting a plan to get rid of the chemical weapons . Damascus disclosed the 23 sites earlier this year . On August 21 a chemical attack outside Damascus led the United States and its allies to call for military intervention in Syria 's civil war -- a situation that was defused in mid-September , when Damascus agreed to a U.S.-Russian plan to give up its chemical weapons stockpile . But the Syrian opposition has protested that the Syrian government has done nothing to stop the killing of civilians using conventional weapons . According to the United Nations , more than 100,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict . It began in March 2011 when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and has morphed into a full-blown civil war . A proposed conference in Geneva , Switzerland , between Syrian government officials and opposition leaders , intended to broker an end to the war , has been delayed several times , but is tentatively scheduled for the end of November .	Inspectors were given until Friday to visit 23 chemical weapons sites Team has yet to reach two sites because of security concerns , OPCW says Team 's task to oversee destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons comes amid civil war U.N. giving Syria until mid-2014 to destroy its chemical weapons arsenal
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- At 23 , Asma Al Muhairi has never considered herself a social activist . But a shopping trip to a Dubai mall left her so irate that she started a campaign against revealing clothing and has sparked a major debate in the United Arab Emirates . Al Muhairi 's campaign to persuade expats and tourists to dress more modestly began after she and her friend Hanan Al Rayes saw a young woman in shorts that they considered left little to the imagination . She said many people in Dubai Mall were looking at the woman , but no one did anything , so she approached security guards and threatened to call the police . "  We never saw this 10 years ago or even five years ago , " said Al Muhairi , who began her campaign through a hashtag on Twitter -- #UAEdresscode . "  I 'm only 23 but when I was young it was different , " she added . "  I feel sad for the new generations . My nieces when they go to the mall they think it 's fine to look at people dressed like this . "  It makes me sad . In our days people always knew it was wrong . It is in our culture and our religion . " While wearing skimpy clothing is not illegal in the United Arab Emirates , shopping malls have policies that state knees and shoulders should be covered . On returning from the mall , Al Muhairi discussed the issue with Al Rayes and wrote a message on Twitter , saying "  till when will we keep seeing people going against our rules and showing indecent dresses ? " Initially , Al Muhairi and Al Rayes had no intention of starting a campaign , just sharing their views with friends . However , the discussion grew as the issue touched a nerve with many . "  I never though that in 10 days I would become a social activist , " said Al Muhairi . The campaign has started a debate on how closely foreigners should follow local customs while in the United Arab Emirates , and just what standards of dress are acceptable . Also on Inside the Middle East : Egypt elections : ` Women need a champion ' Local newspapers , personalities and those prominent on social media have weighed in on the debate , calling on the country 's authorities and shopping-mall managers to enforce a conservative dress code . Some have suggested that tourists arriving at airports should be given a brochure explaining local customs and standards of dress . The British Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , Dominic Jermey , had already made his own plea to visitors before Al Muhairi and Al Rayes began their campaign . In an interview with the Ministry of Interior 's 999 Magazine in March , Jermey said : "  The vast majority of expats living here dress entirely appropriately , and I think that most British people who live here or visit here get it absolutely right . Some who get it slightly wrong tend to get very bad sunburn ! "  But seriously , I think it is really important for expats and tourists to understand the norms of the society they are in , so that is why we , through our embassies in Dubai and Abu Dhabi work very closely with tour operators , local schools , and the airlines , in particular Emirates and Etihad , to run a campaign called Know Before You Go . " The issue goes to the heart of what can at times be a clash of cultures . More than 80 % of the United Arab Emirates population is expatriate , according to Visit Abu Dhabi , and much of the country 's wealth is built on its foreign workers . The country prides itself on its welcoming attitude to foreigners . Most Emirati women wear abayas -- long robes that cover the whole body -- but the expectation for foreigners is more relaxed . The government advises visitors to respect local culture by avoiding "  excessively revealing " clothes in public places . Although most of the attention has been focused on women , Al Mulhairi also has her sights on men who wear shorts , go bare-chested or wear clothes that are too tight fitting . She said : "  We should start in the malls distributing booklets with instructions . We need to create awareness and let people know about this campaign and that people here are upset about this issue . "  We should give a deadline -- from a certain date , everyone will know that if they wear certain kind of dress , the mall wo n't let them in , or maybe give them a fine . Someone suggested giving them something to cover themselves . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Young upstarts plotting Mid East art revolution Many foreigners , as well as Emiratis , agree that more needs to be done to educate visitors on what is acceptable . Trudy Klein , a 30-year-old South African who has lived in Dubai for six years , said : "  We are living in a Middle Eastern country . There are things we need to respect about the country and the religion . We are guests . "  I 've seen girls that really push the limits . It would n't be a bad idea to educate some women to show respect . " Khadija Sali , a journalist from the Philippines , said : "  We have to respect the culture and respect ourselves as well . Do n't wear anything too short or too tight , it 's common sense . " However , she said she would draw the line at shopping mall security guards giving people extra clothes to cover themselves . "  The campaign is good but they should n't go over the top , " said Sali . "  There are more important issues out there that they could do campaigns about -- sick people , children dying , hungry people , not what people wear in the malls . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Asma Al Muhairi started campaign after seeing woman in skimpy shorts in a Dubai shopping mall Shopping malls in the United Arab Emirates expect visitors to cover their knees and shoulders Brochures should be given out at airports explaining the need for modest dress , say campaigners
Now that the trailer for the seventh "  Star Wars " movie is out , you can imagine the anticipation among the millions of fans of the film franchise . And why not ? The six "  Star Wars " films have been enormous successes : they have grossed over $ 2 billion domestically at the box office , spawned scores of books , comic books and merchandise  how many kids have their own light saber ?  and made household names of characters like Darth Vader , Han Solo and Luke Skywalker . They 've also been the worst thing ever for the science fiction genre . I say this as someone who has been a devoted sci-fi reader since childhood . I was so blown away by the first "  Star Wars " film when I saw it in 1977 , I went back two more times the same week to wallow in its space age fantasy . But here 's the thing : George Lucas ' creation , basically a blown-up Flash Gordon adventure with better special effects , has left all too many people thinking science fiction is some computer graphics-laden space opera/western filled with shootouts , territorial disputes , evil patriarchs and trusty mounts  like the Millennium Falcon  . "  Star Wars " has corrupted people 's notion of a literary genre full of ideas , turning it into a Saturday afternoon serial . And that 's more than a shame -- it 's an obscenity . Science fiction is in fact one of the most creative literary genres around . The best of sci-fi is filled with meditations on what 's "  out there , " what makes us human , how technology is used and how it is changing us . It takes up issues of race , sexuality and quite literally everything else under the sun . It is essentially about ideas , not action , and that 's the problem , as far as Hollywood is concerned . There are , for example , no light sabers , spaceships or Death Stars in the 1979 novel "  Kindred , " by Octavia Butler , who won the Hugo and Nebula , sci-fi 's top awards , and was also awarded a MacArthur Foundation "  Genius " Grant . Butler 's main themes are race and sex , and in "  Kindred " she wrote about a modern black woman who travels back in time to the antebellum South , where she is enslaved . The novel is regularly taught in classrooms and has made at least one list of "  Great Books By Women . " But Hollywood has yet to adapt it for the screen . Maybe if the lead character had a Wookiee by her side ... Many of the great works of sci-fi have not been made into films -- The Foundation novels of Isaac Asimov , Joe Haldeman 's "  The Forever War , " William Gibson 's "  Neuromancer , " among others -- partially because they are too smart , too dense and too thoughtful . Sure , some classics have made the transition , but the track record is spotty : David Lynch 's "  Dune " was a disaster , for example , and the recent "  Ender 's Game " was a mixed bag that was not successful at the box office . Francois Truffaut 's "  Fahrenheit 451 , " although stylish and intellectual , was a bit too frigid for a mass audience . Which means that Hollywood studios , not known for thinking outside the box , opt for the "  Star Wars " template -- lots of whiz bang , plenty of quirky alien characters , CGI to the max , plenty of explosions and little thought of any kind . To be sure , the first "  Star Wars " was a breath of fresh air , a fun flick for sci-fi geeks . But the series quickly ossified , a victim of its own success . Only two of the films -- "  Star Wars " and "  The Empire Strikes Back " -- show any originality . The rest tread water , give the hardcore fans the same old , same old . I mean , how many light sabre duels can you sit through before you 're bored out of your skull ? How many outer space dogfights ? How many seemingly profound Yoda-esque thoughts ? Me , I 'm giving up on the whole thing . I do n't care that J.J. Abrams , a director with talent , is helming the new flick . He 's hemmed in by audience expectations -- like casting the stars of the original in this film -- and recycling stale material . I 'll pass . Instead , I 'll queue up "  The Matrix , " and enjoy the most original sci-fi movie of the past 25 years . I recommend "  Star Wars " fans do the same . They need to be reminded what real creativity is all about .	Lewis Beale : People thrilled about seventh "  Star Wars movie " do n't get it 's bad sci-fi He loved first installments , but franchise evolved into worst thing ever for rich literary genre Hollywood only wants CGI-ready sc-fi plots , skips complex greats like Butler , Asimov Beale : Few real sci-fi movies made . New "  Star Wars " promises to be empty of ideas .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Tuesday formally admonished Republican Rep. Joe Wilson for shouting "  you lie " during President Obama 's speech to a joint session of Congress last week . Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , shouts "  You lie ! " during President Obama 's speech Wednesday night . The House passed a resolution of disapproval on a 240-179 vote that was mostly along party lines , reflecting the Democratic majority in the chamber . Twelve Democrats voted "  no , " while seven Republicans voted for the measure . Five representatives , all Democrats , voted "  present . " According to the Office of the House Historian , it was the first time in its 220-year history that the House has disciplined a member for speaking out during a presidential speech in the chamber to a joint session of Congress . During debate on the resolution , Wilson called the measure a waste of time and failed to apologize to the chamber , as demanded by House Democrats . "  When we are done here today , we will not have taken any further steps toward helping " the nation deal with urgent challenges , said Wilson , of South Carolina . "  It is time that we move forward and get back to work for the American people . " Watch House members debate the resolution " He and other Republicans noted that Wilson apologized to Obama immediately after the speech , and that the president accepted it . Asked after the vote if he apologized privately to House leaders such as Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Wilson told journalists it was n't necessary . "  In my view , by apologizing to the president , the most important person in the history of the world , that applied to everyone , " Wilson said . However , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said Wilson 's refusal to apologize to the House for his disrespectful behavior to the chamber required admonishment . The issue , he said , "  is whether we are able to proceed with a degree of civility and decorum " that Congress requires . The House resolution was the mildest form of discipline the chamber can exercise for misconduct on the House floor . "  Whereas the conduct of the Representative from South Carolina was a breach of decorum and degraded the proceedings of the joint session , to the discredit of the House : Now , therefore , be it resolved that the House of Representatives disapproves of the behavior of the Representative from South Carolina , Mr. Wilson , during the joint session of Congress held on Sept. 9 , 2009 , " said a text of the resolution posted earlier on Hoyer 's legislative Web site . Before debate on the measure began , one Democrat said the disrespect shown Obama by Wilson never would have happened to a white president . "  It only happened when this country elected a president of color , " said Rep. Hank Johnson of Georgia . Another noted the heckling of the president in the House was unprecedented , and the chamber needed to enforce discipline in order to maintain civility . Watch Johnson comment on why he supports the resolution " "  No president has been subjected to that type of treatment on the floor of the House of Representatives , and if we go down that road , then it 's the law of the jungle , and I think that 's just wrong , " said Rep. Gerry Connolly of Virginia . However , House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio called the resolution "  piling on . " In the debate , Boehner and other Republicans acknowledged the mistake by Wilson while citing his military career and how his four children also served in the military . They noted that he already had apologized to Obama and accused Democrats of a partisan stunt intended to deflect attention from what they called increasingly unpopular health care legislation . Watch Boehner talk about health care , support Wilson 's apology " "  The American people want less politics and more jobs , " said Rep. Mike Pence , R-Indiana . In closing the debate , Democratic Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina , the House Majority whip , noted that all Americans , especially schoolchildren , learn about civics and government by observing the House . Clyburn , a former schoolteacher , said failing to enforce House rules against Wilson 's outburst would send the wrong message . The House Democratic leadership agreed to move forward with the vote after meeting to discuss the issue Monday evening , according to two Democratic leadership aides . Kristie Greco , a spokeswoman for Clyburn , said the discussion at Monday 's meeting was about "  how this speaks to the breach of decorum alone , and not addressing the issue sets a precedent for bad behavior . " "  We 're not the British Parliament for a reason , " Greco added . Watch combative politicians in other countries " Wilson on Sunday described his loud retort to Obama 's statement that illegal immigrants would not be covered under the Democrats ' health care bill as "  a town hall moment . " But he made it clear he would not apologize on the House floor . "  I called immediately , I did apologize , but I believe one apology is sufficient , " he said . Last week , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called the episode "  unfortunate " and told reporters at her weekly news conference , "  It 's time for us to talk about health care and not Mr. Wilson . " But when Pelosi met with Democratic leaders later that day , her colleagues argued that unless Wilson apologized on his own , they would want a formal vote on a resolution of disapproval , according to several Democratic sources . On Tuesday , Pelosi refused to comment on the resolution to reporters outside the weekly Democratic caucus meeting , saying that journalists should be focusing on the health care reform issue . Other Democrats offered their thoughts . Johnson said Wilson 's comment amounted to a "  wink " of approval to right-wing extremists who have brought highly charged language and imagery -- such as posters depicting Obama with a Hitler mustache or as an African witch doctor -- to the health care debate . "  He -LSB- Wilson -RSB- did not help the cause of diversity and tolerance with his remarks , " Johnson said . "  If I were a betting man , I would say that it instigated more racist sentiment feeling that it 's OK -- you do n't have to bury it now . " Johnson added that failing to rebuke Wilson would bring increased racism in the public discussion on health care , saying : "  You can bring it out and talk about it fully , and so I guess we will probably have folks putting on white hoods and white uniforms again riding through the countryside intimidating people . " "  That 's the logical conclusion if this kind of attitude is not rebuked , and Congressman Wilson represents it , " Johnson said . "  He is the face of it , and that 's why I support the resolution . " To Rep. Jason Altmire of Pennsylvania , a member of the moderate Blue Dog Democratic coalition , the issue was simple : "  He has not apologized to the House for the embarrassment he brought " to the chamber , Altmire said . Democratic Rep. Barbara Lee of California , a leading member of the Congressional Black Caucus , said Wilson 's violation of House rules was "  egregious enough that it warrants an apology on the floor . " Without that , the resolution of disapproval is called for , she said . On the Republican side , Rep. Steve King of Iowa began circulating a letter among House Republicans last weekend urging Wilson not to apologize on the House floor . The letter stated , "  We urge that you hold your ground against those who seek partisan advantage and reject all demands for additional redress . When the president of the United States accepts an apology , no observer has an additional claim . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : 240-179 vote on formal admonishment passes mostly along party lines 12 Democrats voted "  no , " and 5 voted "  present " ; 7 Republicans voted for measure South Carolina rep called debate over resolution of disapproval a waste of time Republicans accuse Dems of partisanship ; Wilson says one apology is enough
CNN  -- A U.N. special investigator called for the resignation of top Kenyan officials and sweeping changes in the country 's security forces to end reported widespread killings by police across the African nation . The report urged President Mwai Kibaki to publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending the killings . "  The special rapporteur concluded that police in Kenya frequently execute individuals and that a climate of impunity prevails , " Philip Alston said in a report a recently submitted to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva . "  Most troubling is the existence of police death squads operating on the orders of senior police officials and charged with eliminating suspected leaders and members of criminal organizations . " The report calls for the resignation of Kenya 's attorney general and the immediate replacement of the police commissioner . It also says Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki should publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending unlawful killings by the police . The Kenyan government expressed its "  deep displeasure " with the report , questioning the special investigator 's "  approach , conduct and method of work . " "  The government expresses grave concern regarding the allegations contained in the report by the special rapporteur , " said Alfred Mutua , a spokesman for the Kenyan government . "  His questioning of the very basis of the Kenyan state and , in particular , its institutions is totally unacceptable and impinges on Kenya 's sovereignty . " Alston also accused government security forces of torturing and killing hundreds of men in a March 2008 crackdown on a militia in the Mt. Elgon district , in western Kenya . And he said there was compelling evidence that what he called police death squads were operating in Nairobi and Central Province with a mandate to "  exterminate " suspected Mungiki gang members . "  These are not "  rogue " squads , but police who are acting on the explicit orders of their superiors , " he said . The Mungiki militia , which is loyal to Kibaki 's Kikuyu tribe , began as a religious sect , but over the years has morphed into a gang that runs protection rackets -- particularly in the slums . The U.N. investigator suggested Kibaki acknowledge the alleged police killings and commit to stop them . He also advocated creating an independent civilian police oversight body , and said the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court should investigate violence after the 2007 election . He urged the government to create a witness protection program as well . Alston , who investigates human-rights problems around the world for the United Nations , traveled to Kenya at the government 's invitation . He stayed for 10 days in mid-February while 100 interviews were conducted in the U.N. member nation . There is hope for Kenya despite his criticism , Alston said . "  While the existing situation is bad , it is far from intractable , " the report says . "  If it so chooses , Kenya can significantly reduce the prevalence of unlawful killings . "	Report : Police death squads operate on the orders of senior officials Calls for resignation of attorney general , replacement of police commissioner Philip Alston accuses security forces of killing hundreds of men in 2008 crackdown Kenya questions investigator 's "  approach , conduct and method of work "
CNN  John Rambo will live to fight again . The troubled Vietnam vet , first seen in 1982 's "  Rambo : First Blood , " will appear in one final movie , according to the actor who portrays him . Sylvester Stallone let the news slip while sharing plans on Twitter for another movie . He will work on "  Scarpa , " based on the life of organized crime member turned FBI informant Greg Scarpa , "  after LAST BLOOD RAMBO , " he tweeted last week . "  First Blood , " the story of a Vietnam veteran on the run , and its sequel "  Rambo : First Blood Part II , " about his quest to rescue U.S. prisoners of war , were hugely popular in the 1980s . They spawned a cartoon series and two more films : "  Rambo III " in 1988 and 2008 's "  Rambo . " The 68-year-old Stallone is expected to play the namesake role in the fifth installation , which has no release date . It 's not the only memorable role Stallone is reprising . He will play boxer Rocky Balboa in the upcoming movie "  Creed , " the seventh in the "  Rocky " film series , scheduled for release in 2016 . Sylvester Stallone exhibits his art	Sylvester Stallone announces final episode of "  Rambo " series The fifth film will be called "  Rambo : Last Blood "
CNN  Sailor Gutzler is back in her tiny hometown in Illinois with family members Monday . They are doing everything they can to make the 7-year-old feel safe and loved -- a simple but critical act that mental health experts say can help the child begin grappling with being the sole survivor of a plane crash that killed her parents , sister and cousin . Family members will raise Sailor , and money from a family-sanctioned online fund will help , said Gutzler family spokesman Kent Plotner , an attorney who personally knows the family . But out of concern for the girl 's healing , Plotner said there will be no more details released about her . "  Our total focus is protecting her , " he said . Sailor 's father was a longtime pilot , Plotner said , and his children flew with him many times . On Friday , a Piper PA-34 that was carrying the family went down in western Kentucky . Even though the aircraft was upside down , Sailor managed to make it out and walk three-quarters of a mile in the dark through very rough terrain , across fallen trees and ditches . She navigated around creeks and over blackberry briars despite wearing only one sock , a T-shirt and shorts , and no coat . Mother remembers last moments with daughter lost in Kentucky plane crash She knocked on Larry Wilkins ' door . "  She said , ` My mom and dad are dead . We had a plane crash . The plane was upside down . ' " On CNN Monday , Wilkins said the girls ' legs were cut and scratched from the bottom of her shorts to the tips of her toes . She was a little wet because it was drizzling . Wilkins put her on his couch and called 911 , alerting authorities that a plane had gone down and there was at least one survivor . Wilkins said his two Dachshunds helped calm the girl down . The child 's grandfather later told him that she had a Dachshund . "  I know she 's having an extremely hard time and probably in her mind she does n't understand everything that 's going on , " said Wilkins . Though she was trembling and crying , the little girl seemed "  amazingly composed , " he said , given the circumstances . Grief in a child 's mind Children who experience the sudden loss of a family member process that grief in ways that are specific to their age , say mental health specialists who treat young patients . Losing one relative elicits complex feelings ; losing several relatives , particularly parents , is uniquely overwhelming . On top of her grief , Sailor will also have to grapple with the trauma she endured being part of the event that killed them . "  It 's critical that Sailor feel safe and loved -- that has to happen right away , " said Dr. J. William Worden , a psychologist who has treated grieving children and co-directed Harvard 's seminal study on childhood bereavement . The Gutzler family is not saying where the child is living , and that 's a very good move , Worden said . Journalists camping outside her door could scare and traumatize her , he said . Other mental health experts who specialize in treating children advise that the family try to keep as normal a routine as possible . They must keep in mind that grief is a process . It 's not a problem to be fixed . There 's no rush , they say , for her to see a counselor . And it could be damaging for an interviewer without training in child trauma to question her now , said Dr. Donald Freedheim , a professor emeritus of psychology at Case Western University . He has treated children after disasters . "  If they called me , I would n't say , ` Send her to my office . ' I 'd go to her home and we 'd just sit down . I would be a friend . She ca n't feel threatened in any way , " he said . Let the child lead Sailor should be allowed to provide cues as to how adults behave around her . "  If she wants to talk about what happened , let her . If she does n't , then let her be for a little while , " Worden said . "  When you have too many losses in too short a period of time , in children , their grieving process can shut down . " Sometimes , children develop somatic symptoms in place of grieving . Young children act out because they do n't have the developmental tools yet to articulate how they feel . Older children and teenagers sometimes get headaches , stomachaches or anxiety disorders , he said . Each of Sailor 's relatives ' deaths should be addressed separately , experts advise . The way Sailor will process the loss of her sister is apart from the way she will grieve for her mother . Sailor will deal with those losses differently as she gets older . She will feel them differently from the way she felt them at ages 12 , 18 and 25 , said Dr. Therese Rando of The Institute for the Study and Treatment of Loss in Rhode Island . A 7-year-old generally understands what death is but does n't yet have the ability to comprehend the implications of it , experts say . A common coping mechanism at that age is denial , said Rando . The adult world is stunned and impressed that Sailor managed to get up from the wreckage site , walk in the dark , in frigid temperatures , across a rough , wooded area to get to a man 's house , knock on the door , tell that stranger what happened and ask for help . But that action should n't be interpreted as a sign that Sailor is somehow more capable of recovering than any other child who faces such a horrific tragedy . "  She may have acted amazingly composed , " said Rando . "  But what might be happening on the outside is n't necessarily what 's happening on the inside . She will have to deal with this trauma in a way that unfolds over a lot of time . She will have to work this for the rest of her life . " Still , AC Morgan , who survived a small plane crash himself in 1998 , encouraged Sailor to draw on that same strength she showed after the crash as she faces a challenging healing process . "  If you ever question if you can do it , look back at what you did -- you were able to get out of a plane , you were able to walk three-quarters of a mile in the dark , by yourself and find safety . You can do it , no matter what . " I was the sole survivor : 4 stories of plane crash survival	Adults around Sailor Gutzler should allow her to give cues ; if she wants to talk , she will , mental health experts say Therapist : A child of 7 understands what death is but does n't have the tools to comprehend its implications The most important thing adults around Sailor should do immediately : Make her feel safe and loved
Copenhagen  CNN  Denmark was on edge Tuesday , as it emerged that the suspected gunman in the weekend terror attacks in Copenhagen apparently swore allegiance to ISIS ' leader , and armed police responded to a bomb scare at the scene of one of the shootings . Police cordoned off the area around the Krudttoenden Cafe while they investigated what was thought to be a suspicious letter left only steps away from the banks of flowers left as a memorial . After the letter was checked out by military bomb disposal units , police declared the all-clear . But the sight of barricades , sniffer dogs and bomb disposal officers will have done little to ease the city 's frayed nerves . The latest developments News that the suspected gunman swore fidelity to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a posting made on what 's apparently his Facebook page just before the shooting spree began Saturday will also disturb many . The post pledges "  allegiance to Abu Bakr in full obedience in the good and bad things . And I wo n't dispute with him unless it is an outrageous disbelief . " A Facebook friend of the shooter told CNN he believed the page , which has since been deleted , matched the profile of his friend . The suspect in the attack has been named as Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein , a senior member of the Danish government said . The gunman opened fire at a free-speech forum at the cafe before shooting several people outside a synagogue , and then firing at police . Police killed him in the shootout . While police have n't formally released the name of the gunman , they said he was a 22-year-old man born in Denmark . Authorities said he was "  well-known by the police for several criminal incidents , " including weapons violations and violence . Police also said he was "  known in connection to gangs . " The Danish Security and Intelligence Service , PET , also confirmed Tuesday that it received a report from the Danish prison service last year warning that the suspect was at risk of radicalization . However , based on that report , PET "  did not have reason to believe that the now deceased 22-year-old was planning an attack , " the statement said . Anti-Semitism in Europe : Will it cause Jews to leave ? The report was made as part of a system set up to ensure that authorities can take preventive measures if prison inmates are identified as being in danger of being radicalized . Charges have been filed against two men who are accused of helping to hide the gunman , the men 's attorney said Monday . Lawyer Michael Eriksen said the men , 19 and 22 , were charged with two counts of accessory to murder and five counts of accessory to attempted murder . Eriksen told CNN that the two , who pleaded not guilty , have not been charged under Denmark 's anti-terrorism laws . The nation began the healing process Monday night with a candlelight vigil at which Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt appealed for national unity . Authorities estimated more than 40,000 attended the event . "  An attack on Denmark 's Jews is an attack on everyone , " she said . "  The Jewish community is an important part of Denmark . We will stand together and continue the everyday life we know . We stand together as Danes . " Lars Vilks , a Swedish artist who attended Saturday 's forum , says he thinks he was probably the target of the attack . He escaped unharmed and told CNN on Monday he has gone into hiding . Vilks , known for his controversial depictions of the Prophet Mohammed , is on an al Qaeda hit list . He declined to specify when he first went into hiding and said he is not afraid . By the end of the melee at the cafe , the gunman had wounded three officers and killed a 55-year-old man . The Danish Film Institute said he was director Finn Noergaard . The second victim was a man providing security for a bat mitzvah party taking place behind a Copenhagen synagogue . The Jewish Society of Denmark identified the deceased as Dan Uzan , 37 . He is due to be laid to rest Thursday at the Mosaiske Vestre Jewish cemetery , the society said . The funeral will be open to all . CNN 's Susanne Gargiulo reported from Copenhagen and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Dominique Van Heerden in Copenhagen contributed to this report , as did CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Holly Yan and Hamdi Alkhshali .	Police say the investigation of a suspicious letter found by a Copenhagen cafe is over A bomb disposal unit appears to have removed the letter from in front of the cafe The suspected gunman 's apparent Facebook page shows he swore fidelity to ISIS ' leader
CNN  -- It is possible , even likely , that the most important decision either President Obama or a President Romney would make in the next four years is whether to bomb Iran and its nuclear facilities . The debates were never likely to tell us much that would be useful about how either man would make that decision . No amount of stage presence or posturing can reveal the deepest recesses of the presidential mind -- the place where , especially in the age of mass destruction , decisions about going to war must be made . Of course , Obama or Romney will not be the first president to ponder a pre-emptive strike against a rising nuclear power . The first was Dwight Eisenhower . In late summer 1953 , shortly after Eisenhower became president , the Soviets detonated their own crude H-bomb , code named Joe IV  after Stalin  by the Americans . About nine months earlier , the United States had set off its own first H-bomb , code named Mike -- 500 times more powerful than the bombs that devastated Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Japan . "  I 've never seen the president so concerned , " the president 's national security adviser , Robert Cutler , told the chief White House speech writer , Emmet Hughes , in early September . Cutler quoted Ike as muttering , "  My God , 10 of these things and ... " The president did n't finish the sentence . The United States still had the capacity to knock out the Soviet Union with a massive first strike . But for how long ? At a secret national security meeting on September 24 , 1953 , the president gathered his closest advisers and asked : Would it be morally wrong not to attack the Soviets before it was too late ? "  The question could no longer be excluded , " a note taker wrote , "  and it was the duty of the president and his advisers to find the best answer to it . " But while anyone could ask the question , in the end only the president could answer it . Opinion : Obama 's foreign policy on trial Eisenhower and his advisers ultimately decided not to strike first , disregarding the wishes of some -- such as the Strategic Air Command 's Gen. Curtis LeMay -- who continued for many years to hope that Ike would unleash America 's nuclear forces in a pre-emptive attack . Certainly , Eisenhower made very clear throughout the rest of his presidency that he was willing to use nuclear weapons to stop communist aggression , remaining purposefully vague about when or under what circumstances . Such haziness was entirely intentional . As a West Point cadet and as a young army officer , Eisenhower had been a great poker player . Indeed , he had to quit the game because he risked hurting his career by taking money from too many fellow officers .  He switched to bridge , at which he was also expert . Always a good bluffer , as president he did the same with nuclear weapons . He used the threat of their use to get America out of Korea in 1953 , and similarly threatened during crises in Vietnam in 1954 , with Red China in the Formosa Straits in 1954-55 and again in 1958 , during the Suez crisis in 1956 and in Berlin in 1958-59 . Bergen : Romney endorses Obama 's national security policies Would he have actually used these weapons if push came to shove ? He never told anyone -- not his wife or son or closest advisers . To do so , in a city with no permanent secrets , would make his threats less credible . Ike knew how to hold his cards , even if doing so hurt him politically . In 1958 , when he was under tremendous pressure to build more missiles to catch up the Russians , which had just launched the first satellite , Sputnik , and seemed to be creating what the press and some Democrats were calling "  the missile gap , " Ike seemed strangely passive . He knew that the CIA 's spy plane , the U-2 , had not found any Soviet ICBMs , but he wanted to keep the existence of the spy plane a secret . The president 's bland public statements disappointed even his followers and gave rise to mutterings that he was too old  68  and playing too much golf  about 100 times a year  . In the winter of 1958 , Eisenhower was visited by the poet , Robert Frost , who gave him a book of his poems inscribed with the notation , "  The strong are saying nothing until they see . " Ike wrote a friend that Frost 's words were his "  favorite maxim . " Eisenhower was accustomed to carrying great responsibility . In his breast pocket on D-Day , he carried a note he had written in case the landings failed . "  The responsibility is mine alone , " it read . On his first day as president in 1953 , Ike wrote in his diary , "  Plenty of worries and difficult problems . But such has been my portion for a long time . " Neither Obama nor Romney have Eisenhower 's experience or credentials . But you can see just by looking at Obama 's face that he has been forced to learn on the job . He or Romney will face greater tests . Both men have said that containment is not an option when it comes to Iran getting the bomb . Will either man strike first ? Wait for Israel to strike first ? Get ready to join a wider Middle East war ? The strong are saying nothing until they see . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan Thomas	Evan Thomas : Biggest decision for next president could be on bombing Iran 's nuclear facilities He says Eisenhower pondered a pre-emptive strike against a rising nuclear power : the USSR He was pressed by some to strike but grasped the magnitude and decided not to do it Thomas : Ike was good bluffer ; faced with similar decision , will our next president fare as well ?
The Supreme Court concluded a marathon public debate on health care Wednesday with justices signaling an ideological divide that could topple some or all of the the sweeping reform bill championed by President Barack Obama . On the third day of oral arguments on legal challenges to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , the justices tackled the question of what would happen if they ruled that the heart of the law , the individual mandate that is its key funding mechanism , was unconstitutional . The six hours of hearings over three days provided an extended public view of the high court in action on one of the most controversial issues of the day , touching on legal concepts involving federal and state powers , individual rights and legislative intent . High court listens to arguments on Medicaid expansion At stake is the survival of the signature legislation of Obama 's presidency as he seeks re-election in November : the health care reform law that requires most Americans to have health coverage as part of a systemic overhaul intended to lower costs . The justices looked at procedural issues Monday and then tackled the heart of the law Tuesday , the constitutionality of the individual mandate that requires people to get health coverage or pay a fine . High court divided over health care mandate At issue Wednesday morning was whether all the law 's 450 or so provisions would have to be scrapped if the individual mandate were found unconstitutional . A separate session Wednesday afternoon looked at whether states would be "  coerced " by the federal government to expand their share of Medicaid costs and administration by the risk of losing federal funding if they refuse . To CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , the questioning by justices Wednesday signaled they are ready to invalidate the individual mandate , a step he said could put the entire law in jeopardy . "  I think the individual mandate is gone , based on the questioning , " Toobin said after the morning session . "  It sure looks like there are at least five votes to get rid of ... the individual mandate . " Listen to oral arguments in the historic case White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the Obama administration remained confident its signature health care law is constitutional . Anyone who tries to predict the outcome of the case based on the questions justices asked during this week 's arguments "  is not a very good student of the Supreme Court , " Earnest told reporters , adding that Justice Department lawyers faced similar tough questions from conservative judges in lower courts that later upheld the law "  in at least a couple of these cases . " However , some of the attorneys general of states opposing the health care law said the three days of arguments showed the justices had serious concerns about the law . "  What we 've heard over the last few days is a growing concern from our Supreme Court justices about , perhaps , the federal government has gone too far at the expense of individual liberty and our states ' rights , " said South Dakota Attorney General Marty J. Jackley . Even though the health care law 's individual mandate appeared to be on shaky legal ground , few on the court seemed eager to take the drastic step of throwing out the rest of the legislation . Read a transcript of Wednesday 's arguments "  There are so many things in this act that are unquestionably OK , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , citing many provisions not directly related to market reforms such as Native American health care . "  Why make Congress redo those ? I mean it 's a question of whether we say everything you do is no good , now start from scratch . " Added Justice Elena Kagan , "  Half a loaf is better than no loaf , " meaning some provisions would survive . However , lawyer Paul Clement , arguing for opponents of the law , told the justices that removing such a central provision of the law as the individual mandate would leave "  sort of a hollow shell " that never would have passed Congress in such a diminished form . In addition , conservative justices appeared in no mood to pick and choose what to uphold in the rest of the law . "  You want us to go through 2,700 pages " of the law ? asked Justice Antonin Scalia . "  Is this not totally unrealistic ... to go through one by one and decide each one ? " Supreme Court , health care and one little girl Justice Anthony Kennedy said he was reluctant to take on this "  awesome exercise of judicial power , " at the expense of congressional discretion . This week 's hearings were among the most politically charged and closely watched in years , with dueling protests and news conferences outside the court building every day on what is likely to be a central issue of the November presidential election . Overheard on CNN.com : Readers react to hearingsRep . Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , a staunch opponent of the health care law , said Wednesday the entire measure falls apart if the Supreme Court invalidates the individual mandate . "  The individual mandate would be the funding stream that makes all of the rest of the act work , " Bachmann said . If it gets ruled unconstitutional , then who pays for all the other provisions in the 2,700-page bill ? she asked . Supporters argued that under legal precedent set by the court , the full health care law should be ruled constitutional . "  For the court to strike down this law would be to presume the powers of the Congress and abandon its role as an impartial and deliberate decider of constitutional law , " said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut . Another Senate Democrat , John Kerry of Massachusetts , acknowledged that supporters are looking at all possible outcomes . "  There is discussion quietly among some people about ` what ifs , ' but there is no overall , you know , plan in place because I think that people have confidence the court will do the right thing , " Kerry said . CNN 's guide to the arguments With the legal survival of the individual mandate in constitutional jeopardy , the question of "  severability , " whether the rest of the law can stand if one part is invalidated , has become more important . All of this may be moot . If the court decides the mandate is constitutional -- even in a narrowly tailored way -- it will not even bother to take up the severability question presented Wednesday . In the morning arguments , the clearly divided court expressed concern over whether Congress would have passed the broad reform package without the key funding mechanism , the mandate , firmly in place . However , several of the justices seemed ready to let lawmakers eventually sort out the specific funding questions with or without the mandate . The nine-member bench now will retreat from the public spotlight . They will likely gather as a group in a closed-door conference over the next few days and actually decide on the four health care appeals . Going one-by-one in order of seniority , they will all be thinking of the number five , which is how many votes it will take to achieve a majority . Two families , two viewpoints on health care reform Once the tallies are sorted out , opinions will be assigned to individuals to craft over the next three months . What the court says in these written opinions , how it interprets the Constitution , will be far more important than what was said in the oral arguments this week . The rulings may be in essence how legislators , individual Americans and history will judge these justices . Wednesday 's cases gave the administration another chance to regain the rhetorical offensive and defend the entire law 's validity . Many legal observers concluded the Obama administration 's solicitor general , Donald Verrilli Jr. , did little to boost the individual mandate 's constitutionality in two hours of intense arguments Tuesday . The questioning of Verrilli 's performance was so widespread that the White House issued a statement Wednesday defending him . "  Mr. Verrilli is an extraordinarily talented advocate who possesses a sharp mind , keen judgment and unquestionable integrity , " said the statement by White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler . "  He ably and skillfully represented the United States before the Supreme Court yesterday , and we have every confidence that he will continue to do so . " Wednesday 's first argument dealt with severability , but most court watchers think of it as the "  domino effect " issue -- if the individual mandate section is ruled unconstitutional , must the entire law collapse as well ? A federal judge in Florida had so ruled in February 2011 , saying : "  Because the individual mandate is unconstitutional and not severable , the entire act must be declared void . " However , a federal appeals court subsequently overruled on the severability question while upholding the individual mandate 's unconstitutionality . Opponents of the law say the individual mandate is crucial to its overall impact , since it is the main funding mechanism for the expansion of a range of other programs . This might be the one question on which the justices will ultimately agree in favor of the government . The high court and election-year blockbusters Later came the Medicaid "  coercion " question , which can be seen as the "  national policy implications " issue . Through this issue , the long-standing fight over "  federalism " and the leverage the national government wields over states might soon reach epic levels with a high court decision either strengthening or limiting congressional authority on this and potentially a host of other regulatory areas . The cases argued Wednesday were National Federation of Business v. Sebelius  11-393  and Florida v. Department of Health and Human Services  11-400  .	The Supreme Court ends its three days of hearings on health care reform CNN 's legal analyst says he thinks the justices will reject the individual mandate Wednesday 's key question : Must the law be scrapped if one part of it is invalidated ? The White House says it believes the health care law will be upheld
The Pentagon 's most expensive weapons program ever , the F-35 warplane , is cleared for takeoff again . The limited flight clearance , approved by Navy and Air Force officials Monday , allows the aircraft to fly with an engine inspection regimen and restricted flight envelope following the fleet 's grounding after an engine fire last month . Defense Department spokesman Mark Wright said in a statement Tuesday the restrictions would "  remain in effect until the root cause of the June 23 engine mishap is identified and corrected . " It had been hoped that the stealth fighter would be able to make an appearance at the famed Farnborough air show , under way now , but Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Tuesday afternoon that wo n't happen . "  The Department of Defense , in concert with our partners in the U.K. , has decided not to send Marine Corps and U.K. F-35B aircraft across the Atlantic to participate in the Farnborough air show , " he told reporters . "  This decision was reached after a consultation with senior leaders and airworthiness authorities , despite the decision by airworthiness authorities to clear the aircraft to return to flight -- to limited flight . " The 2014 Farnborough International Airshow began Monday , and runs through July 20 in Farnborough , England . The opening day brought $ 42 billion of orders and commitments for commercial aircraft and engines , according to a statement from the show 's organizers . The F-35 was developed at a cost of nearly $ 400 billion so far and beset for years by cost overruns and delays . The so-called Joint Strike Fighter was temporarily grounded following a fire on the runway at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida . No one was hurt . Engine maker Pratt & Whitney worked with Air Force investigators to inspect all engines in the fleet . "  We have great confidence in the F135 engine powering the F-35 , and we have worked very closely with DoD and the Services to return the aircraft to flying status , " Matthew Bates , communications manager for Pratt & Whitney Military Engines , said in a statement Tuesday . The F-35 's lead contractor , Lockheed Martin , which is producing variants of the plane for the U.S. Navy , Marines and Air Force , also worked with investigators following the fleet 's grounding . F-35 future The Pentagon wants more than 2,400 of the fighter jets ultimately , while hundreds more are expected over time to go to allies such as South Korea , Japan and Australia . More than 100 planes have been built so far , most for testing , but the program is still in its development and training phases . The military says the stealthy fighter will be "  the most affordable , lethal , supportable and survivable aircraft ever to be used " by so many services worldwide . But its production has been controversial for its soaring cost history -- the price tag has nearly doubled from early estimates , to $ 135 million per unit as of last year , according to a U.S. Government Accountability Office report in March -- as well as its schedule , software and other setbacks . Test flights began in 2007 . While all models have been grounded in the past for various problems , the version for the Marines , the F-35B , has had more issues . Experts say that 's mainly due to its design for shorter takeoffs and vertical landings . Richard Aboulafia , a Teal Group analyst , said earlier this month that every component of the F-35 overall "  is pushing the frontiers of technology " as engineers combine extraordinary engine power with a lighter weight design . He said the program has made gradual progress in recent years where glitches get resolved pretty quickly compared with 18 to 24 months ago , when setbacks seemed to come one right after another . "  It 's a tremendously complex project , " he said , adding that cost issues remain a concern .	The F-35 wo n't participate in the Farnborough air show , Pentagon spokesman says The return to flight order is a limited flight clearance The F-35 fleet was grounded after an engine fire in June Pratt & Whitney , Lockheed Martin working with investigators to find cause of fire
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Millions of Chinese netizens were prevented from accessing huge swathes of the Internet Tuesday , with many rerouted to a website owned by a U.S. company with ties to a group outlawed in China . The China Internet Network Information Center  CNNIC  , a state-run department , blamed a "  malfunction in root servers " that blocked access to top-level domain names in China such as . com and . net , according to a post on its Sina Weibo account , the Twitter-like micro-blogging service . Security analysts quoted by the official Xinhua news agency said this could have been the result of a cyber attack by hackers -- though this has not been proved . Dynamic Internet Technology  DIT  confirmed it owns the web address users were redirected to but denied any involvement . It said the company 's IP address is already blocked in China so users would have been met by a blank web page . DIT President Bill Xia told CNN Wednesday that the Internet outage was likely caused by China 's own web censorship system , more widely known by its infamous "  Great Firewall " moniker , which controls access to content on the Internet inside China deemed unsuitable . China 'em ploys 2 million to police internet ' "  Their DNS hijacking system is used to redirect visits to certain websites to the wrong IP address , " he said . "  But this time it was likely a temporary misconfiguration that affected all domain names . " According to its website , the U.S.-based company provides a range of services including anti-censorship solutions and has worked "  to provide web access to forbidden sites for Internet users in China , " with the Epoch Times , a newspaper run by the Falun Gong , listed among its clients . The Falun Gong is a spiritual movement that has been banned in China since 1999 , accused of "  spreading fallacies , hoodwinking people , inciting and creating disturbances and jeopardizing social stability . "	Access to domain names such as . com blocked Tuesday afternoon in China State media quoted security experts saying this could have been cyber attack Internet users rerouted to U.S.-owned website with links to banned group in China Dynamic Internet Technology said problem likely caused by China 's own censors
CNN  -- Ever wonder what your toddler would say about your homemade baby food if she had an acid tongue and a Twitter account ? Bunmi Laditan thinks she knows . Laditan 's tweeting alter ego , the Honest Toddler , has been making followers guffaw at the wry observations of a semi-fictional baby pundit for about a year now . Laditan , a social media and online marketing manager based in Montreal , works from home so she can be with her children . She is set to release "  The Honest Toddler : A Child 's Guide to Parenting " in May . Inspired by her spunky daughter , Tali , Laditan began a Twitter account that expressed what might really be going through her toddler 's mind during a particularly tantrumy week . "  She had the ability to speak , but if she could fully articulate , what would she say ? " Laditan wondered . Clearly , many of her nearly 200,000 Twitter followers would like to know the same thing and get a kick out of Laditan 's interpretation . CNN reached out to Laditan to find out why toddlers are so sassy , how Twitter fits into modern motherhood and what makes it all worthwhile . An edited transcript of the talk is below : CNN : What gave you the idea to do Honest Toddler ? Laditan : My 3-year old , who was 2 at the time , we were having a really hard time . I have an older child , I 've been through the toddler stage before , but I think I blocked it out of my memory . She was being defiant and I was busy with work , and literally it was the worst week we 'd ever had . I just started  The Honest Toddler  for fun . I was so surprised by the response . Not in a million years did I think a bunch of people would read it . CNN : Working moms wear a lot of hats . What did you do before "  supervising , " as your book cover says , The Honest Toddler ? Laditan : I began in social media ... nowadays the first place you go , in terms of a really quick sense of community , is online . Just because it can be really hard to get in the car and find the mom group . It was difficult for me to navigate  being a mother  . Wanting to read about motherhood , work-at-home moms , writer moms . Can I still have a career ? How do I do it ? How are other people managing ? So I began taking a real interest in the parents online , and since my background is in marketing , I really wanted to incorporate that in how I would earn an income from home . So I began doing social media for companies . One was "  Tasty Baby , " who made online organic baby food , and from there , I kept working and expanding and taking classes and working with other PR firms , learning how to do my job better . I 've always loved writing , but "  I can love it , it 's just not going to be my bread and butter , " is how I always felt . But I wanted to keep writing , so I wrote for sites like "  Mothering , " "  iVillage , " "  Huffington Post , " and really just enjoyed it . CNN : There seems to be a lot of very seriously toned parenting media on the Internet these days , and The Honest Toddler is anything but . Why do you think that is ? Laditan : I get that there has to be an authority source . I 've been in that mode , too , when writing . I think it 's about trying to regain control and trying to help people feel as if there is a how-to . Even though at this point we all know there really is n't any one way . At one point or another you realize , there is no one way to do it , it 's going to be messy , we can pretend all we want with our Instagrams and Facebook photos that it 's all going great . But it 's a struggle , so we do have to support each other and give each other a little bit of slack . CNN : Honest Toddler is pretty unique with regards to the content on Twitter , too . Laditan : I 've seen Sarcastic Rover or when people tweet from the perspective of an inanimate object or animal , and I think they probably match up much closer to Honest Toddler than most parenting tweets . I think it 's that different perspective . One of the reasons I believe it 's popular -- and I do n't think it has anything to do with me or my writing ability or anything like that -- is it has to do with parents who have already wondered what their kids are trying to say . Who have already thought , I know , if my child had the ability to articulate , they would say something like that . They have the opinions of people long before they have control of their bowels . They really believe we are on the same level . They believe we are peers . They see their mother and father as the ones who take care of them and where they go for comfort , but they really believe they have an equal vote . CNN : That 's a lot of sass for such a tiny human . Are toddlers sassy ? Laditan : Toddlers are ... people without filters . They 're exactly like us but they do n't have all the etiquette and social norms . So they say things that we would say if we did n't fear the social consequences . CNN : How much of The Honest Toddler is rooted in the real life experiences of your children that you observe ? Laditan : Much of it is . I 'm scared to say how much because I know that -- one of the reasons I love being anonymous is because that did n't feel like I would be judged . Not for my lack of parenting but just the situations are so crazy . And I know those situations happen to other people , too . On Friday , I was tweeting about Tali 's ear infection and going to the pediatrician 's office . She told me right away , "  I do n't like the doctor . " And I knew it was going to be a struggle . CNN : At the end of the day , what makes a parent 's struggle worth it ? Laditan : The number one thing that really makes it all OK is knowing that it wo n't last forever . When you contextualize any difficult experience , that 's what makes it bearable . With my first child , I had no idea what a contraction would feel like . Only what I 'd seen on TV , like TLC , all these women screaming , ` I 'm going to rip in half , this is going to be terrible ! ' But one woman  in a prenatal class  , who had six kids said , ` You can handle 10 seconds of anything . ' And she said the worst part of a contraction will probably last around 10 seconds . And when I was actually in labor , I thought of that . Knowing that made it bearable . It 's the same thing when both my kids are still in their pajamas , crying , we 're late for school , I 'm thinking , "  Great , now we 're going to have to go to the secretary 's office and she 's going to see that they 're late again and that I 'm not dressed , and I have weird stuff in my eyes from sleeping so I obviously did n't wash my face or brush my teeth before I drove them there . " I 'm thinking all those terrible things and then I think , "  They 're going to grow up and I 'm not going to be doing any of this and I know I 'm going to miss it , and they 're going to want to be with their friends and not with me . " So that 's what makes it doable . That 's what makes me able to appreciate it and be able to laugh about it .	Writer Bunmi Laditan is the woman behind The Honest Toddler feed on Twitter Nearly 200,000 Twitter users follow the dry observations Laditan 's alter ego Her experiences with an ornery 2-year-old inspired The Honest Toddler Laditan will release a book based on the Twitter account in May
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Grammy-winning rapper Coolio was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport on Friday on suspicion of possessing illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia , according to a spokeswoman for the airport . Coolio 's "  Gangsta 's Paradise " was used in the movie "  Dangerous Minds . " Coolio , whose real name is Artis Leon Ivey Jr. , was taken to the Van Nuys Division station for booking , the spokeswoman said . A source at the airport 's public relations division confirmed the arrest but declined to be named . Coolio is best known for his 1995 hip-hop hit "  Gangsta 's Paradise . " Efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful .	Grammy winner held at Los Angeles International Airport He is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia His best-known hit is "  Gangsta 's Paradise "
Washington  CNN  -- Hakimullah Mehsud , a key leader of the Pakistani Taliban , has been charged for his alleged involvement in the killings of seven U.S. citizens at an American military base in Afghanistan in 2009 , the U.S. Justice Department announced Wednesday . A $ 5 million reward is being offered for information leading to the capture of Mehsud and another top Pakistani Taliban leader , Wali Ur Rehman , U.S. officials announced . A complaint listed two criminal charges against Mehsud . "  We support any lawful means to hold this terrorist accountable for what he 's done , " CIA spokesman George Little said Wednesday . "  The announcement today is part of that . " A U.S. official said the criminal charges are meant to deal with Hakimullah if he 's captured , and added , "  He can face justice in other ways , too . That has n't changed . " The "  in other ways " comment was a backhanded reference to CIA Predator missile strikes in Pakistan , which have killed a number of suspected al Qaeda terrorists and other extremists . The group -- which was declared a terrorist organization by the United States -- is believed to be responsible for terrorist acts , including the December 30 , 2009 , suicide attack on a CIA base in Afghanistan and the attempted Times Square bombing earlier this year . A criminal complaint unsealed Wednesday details the U.S. government 's case against Mehsud . All the victims were killed by a suicide bomber , a Jordanian national named Humam Khalil Abu Mulal al-Balawi , at a U.S. base near Khost , Afghanistan . The attack killed five CIA officers , two private military contractors working for the CIA , and a member of Jordanian intelligence . Also killed was the base chief , Jennifer Matthews , a 45-year-old mother of three . U.S. officials believe Mehsud was working with al-Balawi in planning the attack as well as planning the failed bombing attack in Times Square in May . The counts against Mehsud include conspiracy to murder a United States national while outside the United States and conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction against a national of the United States while outside the United States . Mehsud is believed to be the commander of Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , which a U.S. official described as a "  Taliban-inspired alliance of Pakistan-based Sunni tribal militants . " The group claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing as well as the failed attempt to bomb New York 's Times Square . FBI Investigators are piecing together their case based on interviews with survivors of the Afghan attack and details gleaned by combing through personal items left behind by the victims . It is believed that al-Balawi was working with Jordanian intelligence as a double agent , offering information to Jordanian and U.S. intelligence officials on the aftermath of drone attacks while garnering enough support and trust to carry out the suicide attack . Witnesses told investigators that Al-Balawi was welcomed on the base in December before he exited the right side of the vehicle , reached under his clothing and detonated the device he had strapped to his body . After the attack , a previously recorded video was released of Mehsud and al-Balawi together talking about the attack . The U.S. government listed the Pakistani Taliban as a foreign terrorist organization , indicating its intent on going after terrorists one way or another . "  We have no higher priority than bringing to justice terrorists who kill Americans serving and working abroad , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen , Jr. in a news release . "  We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to seek justice for the victims of this heinous arrack . " Complaints generally list the address of the accused . In this case , the accused 's address reads "  Federally Administered Tribal Area of Pakistan . " And therein lies a problem . Serving an arrest warrant against a suspected terrorist living in the tribal areas will be difficult . But the United States has added a financial incentive by offering the $ 5 million reward for information leading to the capture of Mehsud and Ur Rehman , another leader of the group . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this story .	Hakimullah Mehsud linked to deaths of 7 in 2009 at Afghan base Authorities think Mehsud , Wali Ur Rehman are in Pakistan Mehsud 's group claimed responsibility for base attack It also claimed responsibility for attempted terrorism in Times Square
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Supporters and opponents of Lebanon 's pro-Western government appeared to split seats on Sunday as Lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months . Lebanese women wait in line to cast their votes in Beirut . Voters in Beirut sent pro-government candidate Mohammed al-Amin Itani to parliament to replace Walid Eido , who was killed in a June bombing . Both Eido , a Sunni Muslim , and Itani are members of the bloc led by Saad Hariri -- the son of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered Lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval . But in Metn , a Maronite Christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate Camille Khouri upset former President Amin Gemayel by a few hundred votes , Lebanese television network LBC reported . Khouri is a member of the Free Patriotic Movement , the anti-government party led by former Lebanese Army Gen. Michel Aoun . Aoun has said he will run for president of Lebanon -- and since the post is chosen by members of parliament , Sunday 's results were closely watched . Gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son Pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora before being gunned down in his car in November 2006 . He served as president from 1982 to 1988 , during the civil war in Lebanon . His brother , Bashir Gemayel , was elected president in 1982 but was assassinated before he could take office . Eido and Gemayel were among several Lebanese political figures killed since the February 2005 killing of the elder Hariri . All were critical of Syria 's influence in Lebanon , and their supporters blamed Damascus for their deaths -- allegations the Syrians and their allies in Lebanon denied . Hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against Syria known as the "  Cedar Revolution , " which brought Siniora 's government to power and forced Syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in Lebanon for three decades . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Former Lebanese President Amin Gemayel loses by a few hundred votes Candidates will replace legislator Pierre Gemayel and lawmaker Walid Eido Both were allies of U.S.-backed Lebanese government and opponents of Syria
The United States and Iran may be bombing a common enemy in Iraq , one whom they both despise -- ISIS . Recent media reports from the region claim Iran 's military conducted air raids in eastern Iraq , and on Tuesday , a spokesman for the Pentagon said the reports might be true . "  We have indications that they  Iranians  have flown these missions in recent days , these airstrikes in eastern Iraq , " Rear Admiral John Kirby told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . No coordination , U.S. says Is Iran coordinating with the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Sunni Islamist extremists ? Adamantly , no , came the answer from both sides . The U.S. is not working with Iran 's military , and it is not even directly communicating with it over operations in the country , Kirby said . "  We are not coordinating with nor are we deconflicting with Iranian military , " he said . Both sides are leaving it to Iraq to manage their movements in Iraqi airspace and keep them both out of each other 's hair . Speaking from Brussels , Belgium , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry did n't confirm or deny Iran 's military action , saying that 's up to the Iraqi or Iranian government . But he did say that while the United States is coordinating its military action with Iraqi authorities , "  nothing has changed " as far as its lack of coordination with Iran . "  I think it 's self-evident that if Iran is taking  action against ISIS  in some particular place , and it 's confined to taking on  ISIS  and it has an impact , it 's going to be a net effect that is positive , " Kerry said . "  But it 's not something we 're coordinating . " Iran blames U.S. for regional unrest A high-ranking Iranian military official also vehemently rejected the notion that there may have been any coordinated bombing , and he attacked the United States in his comments . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran blames the United States as the root cause of unrests and problems as well as the terrorist actions of ISIL in Iraq , " Gen. Massoud Jazayeri told the government-approved FARS News Agency , adding that Iran wants U.S. influence to completely evaporate . In another FARS report , the head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard characterized the United States as an enemy , not an ally . "  Today , the Americans are in a strategic dead-end and have experienced all possible options and strategies against the Islamic Revolution , but could n't attain their desired goals , " Maj. Gen. Mohammad Ali Jafari said . "  The U.S. capabilities can no more be expanded and their capacities for initiating a change have reached the level of saturation , meaning that the U.S. is left with no more option but admitting the Islamic Republic of Iran 's real power . " A common enemy Yet ISIS is one of few issues that Iran and the United States agree on ; both countries want to quash the terror group that has been taking over large swaths of Iraq and Syria . But with no diplomatic relations with Iran and lingering concerns about its nuclear program , the United States has had to walk a tightrope over Iran 's involvement . This was reflected in comments that U.S. President Barack Obama made to CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  There is some deconflicting , in the sense that since they have some troops or militias they control in and around Baghdad ... we let them know , ` Do n't mess with us . We 're not here to mess with you . ' We 're focused on our common enemy , " Obama said . Iranians defend Baghdad ? Word of Iranian participation in the fight against ISIS is nothing new . A military official in Iran has said the world can thank his country that ISIS has not been able to assault Baghdad . "  The  ISIS  terrorists sought to surround Baghdad , but they failed in reaching their ominous goals thanks to Iran 's supports , " Brig. Gen. Esmayeel Qa'ani told FARS . Qa'ani is lieutenant commander of the Quds Force , an elite unit of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps . According to FARS , senior military officials in Baghdad said the Quds Force helped free the Iraqi town of Jurf al-Sakher from ISIS control . Conflicting interests But the common interest is complicated by diverging interests . The United States wants to put an end to all Islamist extremism , and in the past , it has accused Tehran of sponsoring terrorism . Iran itself is an Islamic republic , governed by stringent Islamic law . But the state religion is Shia Islam , which Sunni Muslim extremists , such as ISIS , consider heresy . Fear of religious tensions In neighboring Iraq , there is a tense and at times violent schism between Shia and Sunni factions , with the former dominating in government . Iran has close ties to the Shia faction . That has stirred fears in Washington that Iran 's involvement could not only weaken ISIS , but could also drive the wedge between Iraqis deeper . "  We want nothing to be done that further inflames sectarian tensions in the country , " Kirby said of Iranian military actions . Iran is also a close ally of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad , who is battling ISIS as well . Beating back ISIS would take some pressure off of his troops . The United States is calling for al-Assad 's removal .	U.S. secretary of state says Iranian actions against ISIS could have a positive effect An Iranian military leader says the United States is at a "  strategic dead-end " Regional reports say that Iran bombed ISIS targets in eastern Iraq Both the U.S. and Iran say their militaries do not communicate
CNN  -- Watching CNN 's town hall with Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , I found the former secretary of state , senator , first lady and potential 2016 presidential candidate thoroughly enjoyable and at times even captivating and compelling . I sincerely appreciated the passion and clarity with which she addressed topics such as gun control  "  A minority of people hold a viewpoint that terrorizes the majority of people "  , marriage equality  "  I 'm very , very proud to state that I 'm a full supporter of marriage equality right now "  and voting rights  "  I deplore the efforts by some to restrict the right to vote "  . And she was downright funny when she joked that she had n't smoked pot yet and was n't about to start anytime soon . But otherwise , as in most of her time in the public eye in general , Clinton was predictable and plain and , I 'm sorry to say , kind of boring . Her answer on what to do about the millions of families who continue to be ripped apart by deportation was noncommittal . Clinton said that if Congress still continues to fail to pass comprehensive immigration reform , she would support "  more leeway and more discretion for the executive branch . " But Congress is n't passing reform any time soon , so real leadership on this issue now requires a more concrete -- and bold -- response . And then Clinton went on to mirror Republican talking points about border security and the need to "  send a clear " message to would-be migrants , including children who "  should be sent back . " Clinton was carefully trying to echo immigrant-rights sentiments while toeing a conservative line on policy -- the opposite of bold leadership . When the question of Benghazi came up , Clinton carefully defended herself to such an extent that she almost seemed to be reading a script . What she did n't do was use the opportunity to go after those who continue to politicize Benghazi to try to damage her potential candidacy . In fact , she even gave their ongoing concerns credence in suggesting she still has questions about what happened that night -- this despite dozens of hearings and briefings and millions of taxpayer dollars wasted in political fishing expeditions . Again , Clinton walked the safe and predictable line here but definitely not one interesting to voters looking for decisive closure on Benghazi , or for those of us in the chattering class . I confess I already have a chip on my shoulder about the prospect of a Hillary Clinton presidency . She is far too centrist on economic issues and hawkish on foreign policy , not only for my personal taste but arguably for the majority of American voters today . At a time when most Americans still want Wall Street held accountable for crashing our economy , President Hillary Clinton would likely be cozier with big banks than Barack Obama has been . And at a time when the majority of Americans are strongly regretful about the Iraq War -- and are deeply wary of another one -- it 's worth remembering that Clinton voted for the war , even if she did later change her mind . Even as tea party-ish Republicans are thumping the drums of economic populism , Clinton is literally and figuratively the candidate of the establishment . Of course I think Clinton would be better for America than any number of Republican alternatives . I 'll take pro-corporate , mushy centrism over pro-corporate , right-wing extremism any day . But that does n't mean I 'm excited . When it comes to economic and social policy , Clinton is no passionate , populist progressive . Fine , so at the very least I 'd like to be wowed by rhetoric . That 's what Obama did . I did n't like his centrist record and policy agenda either , but I 'll admit I was dazzled by the way he wrapped his mushy Democratic status quo-ness in lofty ideals and imagery . For us progressives , national elections generally require settling for the lesser of two evils . At least Obama made us rhetorically feel we were voting for something different . We hoped for change , even if we deep down knew we would n't get it . In what was presumably a dig at Obama , Clinton said during the CNN town hall , "  Some people can paint a beautiful vision . And , thankfully , we can all learn from that , but then , can you -- with the tenacity , the persistence , the getting-knocked-down/getting-back-up resilience -- can you lead us there ? " The implication is that she is no beautiful vision painter , she 's the get-er-done-er -- batting cleanup on the unfinished business of Obama and to an extent Bill Clinton as well . And while I genuinely suspect that with her longer exposure to the slings and arrows of right-wing political attacks and both the thicker skin and bare-knuckle tactics she has developed in response , Hillary Clinton might indeed be able to get more done than Obama , even when faced with the same utterly unfathomable and childish Republican intransigence , I just ca n't get excited . But at the end of the day , that lack of excitement may be Clinton 's best asset if she chooses to run . After all , we live in a 24/7 scandal cycle where political candidates flame out with one misstep of a tweet .  And some would agree with Jessica Valenti that Clinton has no choice but to be boring , given that "  any emotion that Hillary Clinton shows has always been used against her , and it has become a kind of stand-in for the many reasons women are said to be oh-so-unfit to lead . " Opinion : What Clinton does n't get on immigration The downside to Clinton being so careful and calculated is also an upside ; she 's not likely to make any serious mistakes anytime soon . And while political leaders who make bullheaded  and factually misleading  arguments that lead our country to war or those who stand firmly and consistently on the other side are certainly more exciting , we need more leaders who are willing to see both sides of an argument and occasionally admit when they 're wrong -- as Clinton did on Iraq . Not exciting but refreshing and important . And certainly , given the inability of Republicans to identify a front-runner at this point , let alone their track record of producing an astonishing rate of disqualifying gaffes , simply by not rocking the boat , Clinton may sail into the White House . Inevitability is boring , but who cares if it works ? What was exciting about the CNN town hall was the format , the superb moderating by Christiane Amanpour , the probing questions from the diverse audience , the online interaction via Tumblr and the opportunity for ordinary Americans directly to engage a historic figure on live , national television . What was n't exciting was Clinton . But who needs exciting when you get to be president ?	Sally Kohn : At CNN 's town hall , Hillary Clinton was cautious and at times compelling She says the former secretary of state took a centrist stance at odds with growing populism Kohn says she does n't find Clinton 's points of view exciting or inspiring , as were Obama 's Kohn : Being safe might be the price of winning the White House for Clinton
CNN  -- Barcelona confirmed on Saturday the transfer of Arsenal midfielder Alex Song for $ 23.5 million , subject to a medical . "  FC Barcelona has agreed a deal with Arsenal FC for the transfer of Alex Song to the Camp Nou . The fee is 19 million euros , " declared a statement on the club website . "  The Cameroon international midfielder will sign for the next five seasons with a release clause of 80 million euros , " the statement added . Song is scheduled to have a medical in Spain on Monday before being officially presented on Tuesday . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger explaiend the club 's decision to sell song after his side 's 0-0 draw with Sunderland . "  We have Wilshere coming back , I believe in one and a half months . We have Diaby back , we have Rosicky not far away and we might bring another midfielder in as well , " he told the club website . "  Song expressed a desire to go to Barcelona . " Song is the second member of the Arsenal first team to leave the club this week after last season 's top scorer Robin Van Persie moved to Manchester United on Friday .	Barcelona announce that a fee has been agreed with Arsenal Midfielder is due in Spain for a medical on Monday The Cameroon international will move for $ 23.5 m Song follows Robin Van Persie out of Arsenal
London , England  CNN  -- Turkey has reacted angrily to a U.S. congressional panel decision to pass a resolution calling the 1915 killing of Armenians in Ottoman Turkey a genocide . Turkey recalled its envoy to the United States and condemned the narrow 23-22 vote in favor by the House Foreign Affairs Committee recommending that the US recognize the killings as genocide . Here two experts on Turkey -- Dr Katerina Dalacoura , lecturer in International Relations at the London School of Economics and Fadi Hakura , Turkey Analyst at Chatham House , a London-based think tank -- explain why this is such an emotional issue for the country . Why is this a sensitive issue for Turkey ? Dalacoura : It has always been a sensitive issue ... Turkey has always refused to accept that it was a planned event . They argue that genocide only applies if it was a plan to exterminate people . Hakura : Turkey says "  yes , Armenians did die , " but disputes the historical definition as a genocide ... It says they died in war , of disease , from the general chaos at the time , but the deaths were not part of a deliberate systematic plan to eliminate the Armenians . They say that intention is an important part of genocide . Why did the House Foreign Affairs Committee vote on this now ? Hakura : On April 24 each year the president of the U.S. makes a traditional statement commemorating the 1915 killings and I suspect the timing of this is related to that . Could this harm US-Turkey relations ? Hakura : If the resolution was passed then it could cause lasting damage ... although this is not the first time the two countries have been through this . In 2007 the recommendation vote was 27-21 so the vote has narrowed this time . Hillary Clinton  U.S. secretary of state  says that passing the resolution would damage U.S. / Turkey relations , although I think this is a fig leaf and the real reason is U.S. national security . Turkey is militarily important to the U.S. ... it has a military base at Incirlik and in February several senior defense staff signed a letter asking for the resolution to be withdrawn . Dalacoura : U.S.-Turkey relations have been going through a relative low in the last few years ... there is less warmth in the relationship , but the relationship has been strong for a decade and is very strong on a variety of issues and Turkey will deal with it now . Do any countries recognize the killing of Armenians in Ottoman Turkey in 1915 as genocide ? Hakura : Twenty countries do , including France , Germany , Sweden and Canada . Ronald Reagan in 1981 is the only U.S. president who asked for the killings to be called a genocide . What is the public opinion in Turkey regarding the Armenian massacre ? Dalacoura : Relations between the military and the government is the key issue for many Turks , I think this  Armenia massacre  is a secondary issue . Hakura : Turkey is becoming more and more liberal ... genocide is no longer a taboo word when it comes to talking about Armenia and things have been progressing , but the population does not like foreign powers defining their history , it generates a lot of misgivings . Could this reverse the tentative measures Turkey and Armenia have taken to normalize relations ? Dalacoura : It depends on how profound the event is ... although it is one of many events . The relationship with Turkey is a new one and the Turkish government has invested in it .	Analysts explain why 1915 killing of Armenians remains emotive issue "  Turkey has always refused to accept that it was a planned event , " says Katerina Dalacoura "  Turkey is becoming more liberal ... genocide is no longer a taboo word , " said Fadi Hakura
Washington  CNN  -- A new U.S. counterterrorism strategy released Wednesday focuses on the ability of al Qaeda and its network to inspire people in the United States to attack the homeland , said John Brennan , White House counterterrorism adviser . Speaking at Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies , Brennan said , "  Indeed , this is the first counterterrorism strategy that designates the homeland as a primary area of emphasis in our counterterrorism efforts . " He added , "  We are doing everything in our power to prevent another terrorist attack on our soil . ... It 's not enough to simply be prepared for attacks , we have to be resilient and recover quickly should an attack occur . " Brennan said the ability to snap back quickly in the event of an attack would deny al Qaeda "  the economic damage and disruption it seeks . " He made it clear the administration wants to follow a strategy of drone strikes and targeted raids against terrorists and avoid prolonged wars . "  Al Qaeda seeks to bleed us financially by drawing us into long , costly wars that also inflame anti-American sentiment , " he said . "  Our best offense wo n't always be deploying large armies abroad but delivering targeted , surgical pressure to the groups that threaten us . " The U.S. ca n't go after every terrorist group and must focus attention on those that seek to harm the U.S. , Brennan said . He said al Qaeda and its affiliates still represent the greatest danger , even after the May raid by U.S. Navy SEALs that killed Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Brennan said the U.S. wants to work with allies to bring terrorists down , but he would not rule out future unilateral strikes even in the territory of allies . "  As the president has said repeatedly , if we have information about the whereabouts of al Qaeda , we will do what is required to protect the United States -- as we did with bin Laden . " According to Brennan , the cache of videos and writings seized at bin Laden 's compound shows the al Qaeda leader worried "  al Qaeda is losing the larger battle for hearts and minds . " Bin Laden "  knew that he had failed to portray America as being at war with Islam " and that had hampered efforts to recruit more Muslims to his cause . Brennan said bin Laden "  called for more large-scale attacks against America , but encountered resistance from his followers and he went for years without seeing any spectacular attacks . " The president 's counterterrorism adviser questioned how well Ayman al Zawahiri will do as the new paramount leader of al Qaeda , saying he "  lacks bin Laden 's charisma and perhaps the loyalty and respect of many in al Qaeda . " But Brennan acknowledged Zawahiri might try to launch new attacks to prove he and al Qaeda are still relevant . Brennan admitted there is a concern that Americans could become complacent since there has n't been a large-scale attack here since 9/11 and since Osama bin Laden has been killed . But with the 10-year anniversary of 9/11 coming soon , Brennan said , "  We want to make sure that we 're as vigilant and we 're as poised to detect and thwart these attacks . " He added Congress is well aware of the need to stay focused on the threat of terrorism .	U.S. to warn against al Qaeda 's ability to inspire Americans to attack "  We have to be resilient , " counterterrorism adviser says Drone strikes , targeted raids will be preferred over long wars , he says U.S. wo n't rule out future unilateral strikes
CNN  -- Leandro Benitez scored both goals as Copa Libertadores winners Estudiantes de La Plata beat Pohang Steelers 2-1 in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday to book their place in the Club World Cup final . The Argentine side will now face either Barcelona or Atlante on Saturday after a turbulent second half at the Mohammed Bin Zayed Stadium saw the South Korean side finish with just eight players . Benitez opened the scoring with a free-kick on the stroke of half-time , curling home a 25-yard strike that deceived goalkeeper Shin Hwa Yong . The same player doubled his account eight minutes after the break before things took a turn for the worse for the Asian champions when Hwang Jae-Won received a second yellow card three minutes after the goal . Brazilian striker Denilson made light of that loss to give his side a chance with a 71st-minute strike -- but within six minutes the Korean side had lost another two players . Kim Jae-Sung was first to go moments after the goal and keeper Shin followed five minutes later to leave Pohang with eight men . Mexicans Atlante and European Cup winners Barcelona will meet on Wednesday in the second semifinal .	Leandro Benitez scores both goals as Estudiantes de La Plata beat Pohang Steelers 2-1 The result puts the Argentine side into the Club World Cup final where they face Barcelona or Atlante The South Korean side finish with just eight men after having three players sent off
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Samuel Fahrer and Sidney Lipson shake hands and smile . It 's the first time the men have seen each other in 64 years . They were U.S. soldiers back on a forced death march in Nazi Germany in April 1945 . Sidney Lispson , left , and Samuel Fahrer meet for the first time in 64 years . They were in a Nazi slave labor camp . "  How you doing ? " Fahrer says . It 's a subdued moment for the two men . There are no tears , no pats on the back . The men have endured years of contained emotions from what happened six decades ago when they were prisoners of war and held as slaves inside Germany . They have come to a hotel in Orlando to be honored by the Army this weekend for the first time . Watch slave camp survivors reunite " Fahrer and Lipson were among 350 soldiers held at the slave labor camp called Berga an der Elster , a largely forgotten legacy of the war and a subcamp of Buchenwald where soldiers were beaten , starved and forced to work in tunnels to hide German equipment . More than 100 soldiers died at the camp and on the death march . Buchenwald was one of the largest and first concentration camps on German soil . See photos inside Berga " The Berga soldiers are being honored thanks in part to CNN.com users , who demanded the Army recognize the men , all in their 80s , after a series of reports late last year . The Army then conducted a months-long review of Berga at the urgings of Rep. Joe Baca , D-California , and Rep. Spencer Bachus , R-Alabama . "  These soldiers endured extreme hardships of forced labor , beatings , poor living conditions , and ultimately a forced march of over 250 kilometers -LSB- about 155 miles -RSB- prior to liberation by advancing U.S. Armed Forces , " Army Secretary Peter Geren said at the conclusion of the review . "  The survivors of Berga certainly deserve both our thanks and recognition for their service and sacrifice . " Geren is sending Maj. Gen. Vincent Boles to honor the survivors on Saturday . Six of the 22 Berga survivors will be at the event ; most of those still living could not make it because of declining health . Those here look forward to what the general has to say . They want desperately to know why the U.S. government commuted the death sentences of the two Berga commanders , Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz . Both were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging until their commutations in 1948 . "  I 'm very happy the Army is sending a general to see us , " Fahrer says . "  But they should 've sent the general to see us a long time ago when some of the fellas were still alive . We 're only 20 fellas left . " Fahrer was one of the primary survivors after the war who fought to get the government to carry out the death sentences for Metz and Merz . In a letter to survivors in January 1949 , he wrote , "  Things are beginning to break our way . A little enthusiasm , a little more cooperation , a little more action , will accomplish a great , great deal now . " Now , 60 years later , he may finally get some answers . "  Let 's see what the general has to say when he gets here , " Fahrer says . His comrade , Morton Brooks , says , "  I never wanted revenge , but I did think retribution would be proper . And I think they should 've suffered a little bit longer for what they did . ... They would n't kick a dog , but they did that to us . " Watch Morton Brooks describe the Germans ' "  work to death " program " The two men finally hugged . "  I 'm glad to see you , " Fahrer says . Some of the Berga soldiers were killed in cold blood , such as Morton Goldstein , shot through the head and then machine-gunned . His bullet-riddled body was placed in front of the barracks for all to see . Bernard Vogel and Izzy Cohen were forced to stand without food and water for days , pushed to their deaths . Cohen was a 32-year-old father of two young children . When he left for war , he kissed his family goodbye at a train station in California . He looked at his wife , Florence , and said , "  Whatever happens happens . " It was the last words he ever spoke to her . Vogel 's last words at Berga were : "  I want to die ! I want to die ! " Hear Martin Vogel finally learn about his brother 's final minutes " "  They killed us slowly , " Fahrer says . "  They did n't feed us , they did n't give us anything , they did n't do anything . " The memories are so terrible , so horrific that Sid Lipson does n't remember much of anything about his captivity . "  I do n't remember a damn thing from the march , " he says . Brooks says , "  I think it 's best . " Brooks weighed 75 pounds when he was finally freed ; Fahrer weighed 90 . "  The United States government did not acknowledge the fact that we were put in this slave labor camp , " Fahrer says , shaking his head . "  We went through all these things and nobody wants to give us any help . And finally , now ... " Brooks went on to become a psychologist . He says his time in captivity was a "  $ 1 million experience that I would n't want to repeat for $ 2 million . " His message to the world about the whole ordeal : "  We have to learn to talk to one another and live together . It 's not necessary to go kill people for no reason . " One of the survivors who wo n't be at this weekend 's ceremony is Tony Acevedo , the U.S. medic who kept a diary inside Berga cataloguing the deaths and atrocities . It was Acevedo who CNN profiled in November , prompting a series of events culminating with the Pentagon deciding to honor the soldiers . See Acevedo 's diary " Acevedo 's wife , Loline , is too ill . He does n't want to leave her side . "  The love of my life , " he says .	Samuel Fahrer , Sidney Lipson reunite six decades after surviving Nazi camp They join with other survivors in Florida to be honored for the first time by the Army They were held at a camp called Berga an der Elster , part of infamous Buchenwald Prisoners endured forced labor , beatings and terrible living conditions
CNN  -- Roger Federer says it 's naive to think tennis does n't have drug cheats . But Janko Tipsarevic , who has played at the year-end championships the previous two seasons , is of the belief that his fellow professionals are n't doping -- or at least not on a widespread basis . Federer , Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray -- the sport 's most influential players who have combined won more than 30 grand slam titles -- have all called for either more tests or stricter controls , and last month the International Tennis Federation duly announced that it was adopting the biological passport program . "  I live in the belief that we are playing a clean sport , " world No. 10 Tipsarevic told CNN 's Open Court . "  If there is doping involved , maybe there is , maybe there is n't . But I can guarantee you that the people I 'm hanging around with , none of them  are  doping . " In the new initiative a player 's blood profile can be tracked , similar to cycling , a sport still reeling from Lance Armstrong 's admission that he used performance enhancing drugs . Significant changes can alert authorities to a potential doping infraction and more blood tests will also be carried out . According to ITF statistics , Tipsarevic was among the minority of players who had to provide samples both in competition and outside of it in 2012 . The number of samples he provided in competition , in the highest category listed as seven or more , put him in the minority , too . The figures did n't include tests carried out by national doping agencies and at the Olympics and Paralympics . As a top-50 player , Tipsarevic must adhere to the so-called whereabouts rule by making himself available to be tested in an one-hour slot for an out-of-competition test if the drug testers randomly come calling . The rule has often given players headaches , with Serena Williams , the women 's world No. 1 , telling reporters in Dubai in February that testers had once paid her a visit in Mauritius . "  I like things as they are because the international doping agency needs to know every single day of my life where I am and if I 'm changing locations , " Tipsarevic said . "  We need to fill out this form to say today we 're going to be there and at any time they can come and test us . On top of that you have the local drug testing . "  You have the tournament testing when you play tournaments ... I do n't want to take it too far . " In February , Murray called for more blood testing , saying that tennis needed to do everything it could "  to ensure that everyone competing at the highest level and below is clean . " While just under 2,000 urine samples were collected in 2012 , less than 200 blood tests were conducted .	Janko Tipsarevic is adamant that none of the players he hangs around with are drug cheats A biological passport program was launched after players called for more tests Tipsarevic was among a minority of players tested both in and out of competition in 2012
CNN  -- Stolen medical files that may be those of Michael Schumacher are being offered for sale , the injured former F1 racing driver 's manager said . Schumacher has been undergoing hospital treatment since a skiing accident last year but is now out of a coma . Manager Sabine Kehm said the documents had been offered for sale for several days . She added , "  We can not judge if these documents are authentic . However , the documents are clearly stolen . The theft has been reported . The authorities are involved . " Medical files are confidential , and it is forbidden to buy or publish such data , Kehm said . "  We will therefore , in every single case , press for criminal charges and damages against any publication of the content or reference to the medical file , " she said . Schumacher , 45 , suffered severe head trauma in a December 29 skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel . The champion driver , from Germany , was transferred last week to Switzerland for rehabilitation from a hospital in Grenoble , France , where he was kept in a medically induced coma for more than three months . The Grenoble hospital 's media office said in a statement that Kehm "  told us that a person intended to sell to the press a document allegedly issued from the medical records of Michael Schumacher . " "  Without knowing the precise nature of the document , the Grenoble Hospital decided to sue for ` theft and breach of medical confidentiality ' so that an investigation can be initiated . " A spokesman for the German newspaper Bild , Tobias Frolich , told CNN that the tabloid was among a number of media outlets to be offered Schumacher 's alleged medical records , but that "  the editorial office decided to reject the offer . " A French prosecutor investigating the accident concluded that speed was not behind the fall suffered by the seven-time world champion , whose F1 career ended in 2012 . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Diana Magnay and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	NEW : German tabloid Bild says it was offered the medical records but rejected them French hospital decided to sue for "  theft and breach of medical confidentiality " Michael Schumacher 's manager says stolen files are being offered for sale as those of the driver 's Injured ex-F1 racing driver was transferred to a Swiss hospital to undergo rehabilitation
CNN  -- A Florida woman who was sentenced to 20 years for firing a gun to scare off her allegedly abusive husband has been released from prison as she awaits a new trial , her attorney said . Marissa Alexander was released Wednesday night , attorney Bruce Zimet said . Last month , an appellate court ordered a new trial for Alexander . The case will be retried because the jury had incorrect directions , the court ruled . Alexander 's case gained the attention of civil rights leaders , who say nobody was hurt and the sentence for the mother of three was too harsh . The case shined the spotlight on Florida 's "  stand your ground " law after she unsuccessfully argued before her 2012 trial that she was immune to prosecution because of the law . According to court paperwork filed in Duval County , Florida , Alexander was granted a pretrial release with special conditions and a $ 150,000 bond . Alexander will be under electronic monitoring at all times and on home detention until the completion of her case , the documents state . A campaign supporting Alexander said that she was back home with her family . "  We hope the decision means that the Florida justice system has relented in its vindictive , hostile and racist legal assault on this African-American mother of three , " the statement by the Free Marissa Now Mobilization Campaign said . Thrilled supporters in Jacksonville , Florida , cheered Alexander 's release Thursday , but also said they were prepared to keep fighting . "  We do know this is temporary joy . ... This is a victory , but the battle 's not over yet . The battle will be won in court , " said Anthony Heard of Free Marissa Now . "  We 're all just happy that she 'll be home for Thanksgiving and Christmas , and we 're going to focus on that right now . " ` Stand Your Ground ' laws up to states , not Obama or Congress	NEW : Thrilled supporters cheer Marissa Alexander 's release Alexander was released Wednesday night and is with her family A court ordered that she can get a new trial Her case has drawn national attention from civil rights leaders
Soccer legend Pele joked with reporters Tuesday after he was discharged Tuesday from a Sao Paolo , Brazil , hospital . "  I was worried , but I never feared I 'd die . Because I am from Tres Coracoes ,  "  I have three hearts "  , it will be difficult for me to die , " the three-time World Cup winner said . "  But my doctor warned me that I very nearly lost one of my hearts back there . " Pele , born Edson Arantes do Nascimento , was moved out of intensive care on Sunday , Albert Einstein Hospital said . Pele , 74 , had been hospitalized since November 24 and had kidney dialysis for several days . He said he was surprised by the outpouring of love from his fans worldwide . "  I received messages from China , Pakistan , all over Europe , " he said "  I did n't know everyone was paying attention to my situation . " The athletic icon had one kidney removed during his days as a player , his aide , Jose Fornos Rodrigues , said last week . "  When I went to play at Cosmos , I was n't feeling well , and the doctor told me I was playing for a while with just one kidney . He said I had both inside but only one working . That 's why I had surgery in New York and nobody found out about it , " Pele said Tuesday . Known as "  The Black Pearl " and simply "  The King , " Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports . He burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native Brazil to the 1958 World Cup championship . Pele went on to star on two other World Cup title teams as well , in 1962 and 1970 , in addition to a breakthrough career with the Brazilian club Santos and later with the New York Cosmos of the now-defunct North American Soccer League . In 2000 , he and Argentina 's Diego Maradona were named co-Players of the Century by FIFA , the international soccer governing body . Santos named him a lifetime ambassador for the club , Pele told fans this week . "  It is exciting to know that I will be wearing the shirt of my favorite team for the rest of my life , " he wrote on Twitter . "  I expect to keep bringing pride and joy to Santos fans all around the world . " Even after retiring from football , Pele has remained in the public eye as a product pitchman , ambassador for the sport of football and advocate for Brazil 's poor , having grown up among them in Tres Coracoes .	Pele spent 15 days in the hospital He jokes that he has three hearts so he was never in danger of dying Pele is considered one of the top two soccer players of all time He began his soccer career in the late 1950s
CNN  -- Chinese tennis star Zheng Jie will miss January 's Australian Open due to a persistent wrist injury . The 27-year-old has not played since she reached the second round of the U.S. Open in September due to the problem . "  It 's a hard decision for me to make , " she wrote on social networking website Twitter . "  But I believe there will be more Australian Opens for me to attend if I can regain my health . " The injury means the world number 26 will not be able to improve on her impressive showing at the 2010 event , when she was beaten in the semifinals by Belgium 's eventual runner-up Justine Henin . The tournament has happy memories for Zheng , who won one of her two grand slam doubles titles there in 2006 . Is Nadal 's battered body his biggest threat ? In 2008 , Zheng became the first Chinese player to reach the semifinals of a grand slam tournament , losing to Serena Williams in the last four at Wimbledon . The following year she became the first woman from her country to be ranked in the world 's top-15 . She has since been overtaken by compatriot Li Na , who ended the 2010 season ranked 11th after also reaching the semifinals in Melbourne last January -- the first time two Chinese players had done so in the same grand slam -- and later winning her only final on grass in England . The Australian Open is the first major event of the tennis season , and the outdoor hardcourt tournament begins on January 17 at Melbourne Park .	Zheng Jie will not play in January 's Australian Open due to a persistent wrist injury The world No. 26 , who has not played since September , made announcement on Twitter Jie reached the semifinals in this year 's tournament , losing to runner-up Justine Henin
CNN  -- Abby Wambach , the skillful forward for the U.S. women 's soccer team , scored dramatic headers against Brazil and France to help the American team advance to the World Cup final . Now she 's heading off to the championship match against a tough Japan team , a much-awaited contest set for Sunday in Frankfurt , Germany -- where the U.S. can win the tournament for a record third time . The 31-year-old Wambach , speaking to CNN in a phone interview on Thursday , bubbled with confidence , patriotism , and enthusiasm as the team bids to follow up its 1991 and 1999 successes . She thinks the United States can beat Japan , a team emboldened to score a victory for a nation wracked with tragedy this year after an earthquake and tsunami devastated the country . Who will star at the women 's World Cup ? Japan , she said , is a "  possession-oriented " squad that 's "  technical on the ball . " "  We have to be patient . We 're going to get chances and have moments where we can score goals , and I think physically we 're going to be able to dominate them , " she said . "  So , if we can take care of the chances that we get , put away goals early on . " Wambach , according to her bio on the U.S. team website , has "  developed into one of the most dangerous goal scorers in the world " and is "  one of the world 's best players in the air " -- as proven by her heading skills . The U.S. advanced to the final after defeating France 3-1 in the semifinals on Wednesday . Wambach scored the second in the 79th minute with a dramatic header , her third goal of the tournament so far . And her last-gasp headed goal against Brazil on Sunday -- which got her an ESPN ESPY award for "  best play " -- helped the U.S. level at 2-2 and take the quarterfinal to a penalty shootout , in which she also scored . Can World Cup spark women 's soccer surge ? "  Some say maybe it was perfect timing for us , " she said , noting she was humbled and honored by the ESPY award . "  We believe it 's our destiny . " People are gathering in sports bars to cheer on the U.S. team , and the American support for the World Cup team has thrilled the players . "  Pretty amazing , " said Wambach . "  We really want to make everybody back home proud . We 're going to keep this thing going . We have this huge game on Sunday and if we can all play well and keep giving our most and leave everything on the field , hopefully we 'll come home as World Cup champs . " Wambach was asked whether she will have another shot at a World Cup , which is played every four years . "  It 's a good question but right now my focus is here  in Germany  , " she said . "  This team is special . And this team , I ca n't put my finger on what makes this team so special , but the fact is we just do n't give up . We 're not quitters . We wo n't give up for the entire 90 minutes that we play on Sunday . "  I think we can do this . I know that the players on my team , the coaches , the staff , we 've all put so much time and effort into training and preparing for this . We 're not going to let it go lightly . It 's going to be a great match . I ca n't wait to start it and hopefully to see that we 're champs at the end . "	The United States is playing Japan in Women 's World Cup final on Sunday Star forward Abby Wambach is regarded as a dangerous goal scorer Wambach 's header against Brazil earned her an award and was her third of the tournament U.S. seeking to win four-yearly event for a record third time in Frankfurt
CNN  -- Two months before her death , former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto sent an e-mail to her U.S. adviser and longtime friend , saying that if she were killed , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would bear some of the blame . Bhutto was assassinated after the campaign rally , seen here , Thursday . She cited his government 's denial of her request for additional security measures after the October suicide bombing that targeted her upon returning to Pakistan from exile . "  Nothing will , God willing happen , " she wrote to Mark Siegel , her U.S. spokesman , lobbyist and friend . "  Just wanted u to know if it does in addition to the names in my letter to Musharaf of Oct 16nth , I wld hold Musharaf responsible . I have been made to feel insecure by his minions and there is no way what is happening in terms of stopping me from taking private cars or using tinted windows or giving jammers or four police mobiles to cover all sides cld happen without him . " Bhutto was seeking to become prime minister for a third time when she was assassinated ; her death comes exactly two weeks before Pakistan 's January 8 parliamentary elections . Watch Siegel describe her concern and the reaction of Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador " Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , Mahmud Ali Durrani , on Thursday insisted Musharraf 's government provided the former prime minister with unprecedented security . He said that terrorists and extremists , who also have targeted Musharraf , were the only ones responsible for her death . Watch a report on security provided to Bhutto " Bhutto wrote the e-mail on October 26 , eight days after at least 130 people were killed and hundreds more wounded in Karachi by the suicide bombing that occurred as Bhutto 's motorcade passed . Siegel forwarded that e-mail to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , with instructions he not report on it unless Bhutto was killed . Just before returning to Pakistan after eight years of self-imposed exile , Bhutto told CNN she was aware of threats against her and said that some had come from people who hold "  high positions " in Pakistan 's government . She said she had written a letter to Musharraf about her fears , apparently the same letter she refers to in her e-mail to Siegel . In a speech , she listed four groups she believed posed the biggest threat to her and her cause -- the Taliban in Pakistan , the Taliban in Afghanistan , al Qaeda and a suicide team from Karachi that she did not describe . After the October bombing , she accused elements in the government and security services of trying to kill her and asked Musharraf for "  basic security , " including vehicles with tinted windows and private guards in addition to police guards . Three United States senators repeated the request in a letter to Musharraf . Bhutto was concerned by the lack of security she had upon her arrival in Karachi and called the October 18 bombing "  very suspicious , " Siegel said . He accused Pakistani authorities of not investigating the assassination attempt and of refusing Bhutto 's request for Scotland Yard and the FBI to aid in the investigation . Bhutto and her husband had asked for jammers to impede the detonation of bombs ; special vehicles with tinted windows ; and four police vehicles to surround her at all times , Siegel said . "  She basically asked for all that was required for someone of the standing of a former prime minister , " Siegel told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  All of that was denied to her . ... She got some police protection , but it was sporadic and erratic . " Bhutto was concerned the problem was worsening as the January elections neared , Siegel said . At the time of the October suicide bombing , Bhutto was riding in a truck from Karachi 's airport to the tomb of Mohammed Ali Jinnah , founder of Pakistan . She had moved from the roof to inside the bulletproof , armed vehicle just moments before the blast and was unharmed . CNN 's Dan Rivers , in Karachi to cover her return to Pakistan , remarked at the time that her security appeared to be loose , saying his crew was able to walk up to the side of her vehicle without being stopped by authorities . Durrani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , insisted security surrounding Bhutto then was more than adequate . "  There were , I think , a sea of security people , " he said . "  She was surrounded by police vehicles . And had it not been one of the police vehicles which took the blast in Karachi , unfortunately she would have died there . "  There was a bubble around her of security . The PPP -LSB- People 's Party of Pakistan , Bhutto 's party -RSB- insisted that they have their own private loyalists around . They were there too . And there were about 7,800 to 8,000 security people deployed just for that , " Durrani said . "  That is more security than anybody deploys anywhere in the world . " "  She was moving almost in a sea of humanity , " Durrani said . "  No system in the world can protect you against that . " Bhutto "  is not a security person , " he said . "  She 's a politician . I think the government of Pakistan provided her all the security that was necessary . You tell me -- the way she was hit , she would have been hit with tinted windows or without , or without the IED ... so it 's just a blame game . " After the October attack , Bhutto said police offered to let her use a helicopter for the trip from the airport , but she told them she wanted to be near her people . She said she did not regret that decision . "  She believed in democracy , and she believed in speaking to the people , " Siegel said . "  It 's not reckless to go out and touch the people . Do n't blame the victim for the crime . The person that was supposed to be protecting Benazir Bhutto and the other candidates was the government of Pakistan with the government of Pervez Musharraf . " Blitzer noted that Bhutto was shot Thursday while standing out of her vehicle 's sunroof -- seen by some as a a reckless action after the October incident . Getty Images senior staff photographer John Moore , who was at the scene of her assassination , told CNN he was surprised at Bhutto 's actions , considering the earlier suicide attempt . The rally was smaller than expected , he said , and the people he spoke with said they "  were just afraid to come out , for the simple reason that they all remembered what happened in Karachi . " Siegel grew emotional as he told Blitzer that Bhutto was "  the bravest person I ever knew . ... She knew that there were risks coming back , but those risks were important , she thought , for the fight for democracy . " E-mail to a friend	Bhutto wrote e-mail on October 26 , eight days after deadly suicide bombing Before returning to Pakistan , Bhutto told CNN she was aware of threats Lack of security worried Bhutto upon her arrival in Karachi , adviser Siegel says Bhutto was concerned problem was worsening as elections neared , Siegel says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper Lil Wayne 's "  just resting " two days after suffering a seizure that sent him to a Los Angeles hospital and triggered media reports that he was near death . Details about the Grammy-winning and multiplatinum-selling hip hop artist 's medical problem have been few , but it appears the reports of his demise were exaggerated . "  He 's good , just resting , " said a close friend who visited the rapper at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Saturday night . Lil Wayne fans around the world were stunned by the reports . Twitter lit up with rumors , spreading fears of the worst for Wayne 's outcome , but a Tweet in his name attempted to calm the tempest . "  I 'm good everybody , " read a message from Lil Wayne 's Twitter account Friday evening . "  Thnx for the prayers and love . " There was no weeping for "  Weezy , " as he 's known among his friends , in the hallway near his hospital room Friday night . They talked more about a Twitter feud that erupted Friday between rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka than about Lil Wayne 's condition . Fellow rapper Drake was one of several of Lil Wayne 's Young Money record label mates who have visited him since Friday night . Young Money publicist Sarah Cunningham acknowledged Friday that Lil Wayne had had a seizure , but members of the New Orleans artist 's camp have shot down reports that he was near death . "  Dont believe the nonsense about comas and tubes to breathe ... that 's false !! " tweeted Mack Maine , the president of Lil Wayne 's Young Money label , around 5:20 p.m.  8:20 p.m. ET  Friday . Maine did n't offer much detail , though he did say that he and Lil Wayne had been watching the Syracuse University Orange play the Georgetown Hoyas in the Big East men 's basketball tournament . "  Wayne is alive and well ! " the record label president wrote on Twitter . The rapper 's independent publicist , Kia Selby , said only , "  Lil Wayne is doing well . " She strongly denied reports he was in a medically induced coma , as reported by TMZ . Born Dwayne Carter , Lil Wayne is one of the rap world 's most successful artists . He won best rap album for "  Tha Carter III " at the 2008 Grammy awards and took home three more Grammys the next year . Beyond winning over critics , he 's also been a commercial success . Last September , Billboard reported the rapper had tallied 109 hits on its Hot 100 , surpassing the record previously held by Elvis Presley . But he 's also run into trouble outside the studio and off stage . Lil Wayne was arrested in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater after police said they found a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . He pleaded guilty to felony gun charges and spending eight months at New York 's Rikers Island jail . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Drake and other label mates visit Lil Wayne at hospital No weeping for "  Weezy " among his friends near his hospital room "  I 'm good everybody , " read a message from Lil Wayne 's Twitter account Friday evening His publicist says the rapper suffered a seizure
CNN  -- Paul Bailey shares his London home with two strangers , Alejandro and Fernando . More than a million people in the British capital now live in flatshares . And while this kind of living arrangement used to be associated with students and youthful television sitcoms , more and more mature people find themselves living with strangers . Like Bailey , who is 43 . "  What we are seeing now more than ever is an increase in the amount of people over 40 looking for flatshares , " Matt Hutchkinson from flatmate-finding service Spareroom said . "  At the moment , one in eight people in flatshares is over 40 and that 's a real shift from three to four years ago , " he says . Bailey was forced to find flatmates after separating from his partner of 15 years . "  It was a fleeting thought that ` oh my god ' I 'm going to have to do it again . I 'm 43 years old , " he said . "  The last time I lived with someone was in my 20s -- how is this going to work ? " With rents in London reaching the double of the national average , sharing is often the only option . UK Census figures show that 15 % of people living in London share their homes with people they are not related to . In the U.S. , the numbers are also rising . The number of shared households involving flatmates who are neither related to each other nor a couple grew by one fifth in the decade between 2000 and 2010 , according to the U.S. census . In New York City alone , the number of flats shared by strangers reached 200,000 in 2011 . Websites helping people find their ideal flatmates , such as Spareroom , Flatshare and Roombuddies are booming . Spareroom says it saw a 20 % increase in the number of people looking for roommates in January compared to last year . In New York City , 2,500 room offers in shared properties were posted on advertising site Craigslist in the first four days of April . As for Paul Bailey , he seems to be happy with his new living arrangements . "  It 's been three , four months and it 's been brilliant . I come home and see the little light on and go ` yay ' , I 've got someone at home , I have someone to talk to , " he said .	15 % of people living in London share their homes with people they are not related to With higher rents in many cities , people who are 40 and more are forced to share
CNN  -- Deke Richards , a producer and songwriter who was part of the team responsible for Motown hits like "  I Want You Back " and "  Maybe Tomorrow , " died Sunday at age 68 , according to a press release from Universal Music . He had been battling esophageal cancer . Richards was leader of "  The Corporation , " Motown 's songwriting and producing team that was also made up of Berry Gordy , Alphonzo Mizell and Freddie Perren . The group wrote several hits for the Jackson 5 , including "  ABC " and "  The Love You Save . " Richards co-wrote "  Love Child " for Diana Ross & The Supremes , which went on to be a No. 1 hit . Later in life , he worked on several projects , including the Jackson 5 's "  Come And Get It : The Rare Pearls , " which was a 2012 release featuring rare and unreleased tracks by the group . His final project was mixing eight unreleased tracks by Martha Reeves & the Vandellas for the forthcoming box set "  50th Anniversary : The Singles 1962-1972 . " A private family celebration is planned . In lieu of flowers , the family is asking for donations to help musical education via the HAL Awards ' site . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Deke Richards was a producer and songwriter for Motown He co-wrote "  Love Child " for Diana Ross & The Supremes Richards continued working on music projects later in life
CNN  -- Real Madrid reduced Barcelona 's Spanish league lead to two points with a comfortable 2-0 victory at home to lowly Levante on Saturday , reaching a remarkable milestone for coach Jose Mourinho . First-half goals from Karim Benzema and Ricardo Carvalho were enough to give Mourinho 's team a 19th victory in 24 La Liga games this season . The victory extended Real 's unbeaten home La Liga run under Mourinho to 12 matches -- now 148 in total since his only career home league defeat when in charge of Porto on February 23 , 2002 . Mourinho has carried his incredible record through spells with English club Chelsea and European champions Inter Milan into his first season at the Santiago Bernabeu . Spanish titleholders Barcelona will seek to bounce back from Tuesday 's Champions League defeat by Arsenal and last weekend 's surprise draw with Sporting Gijon when Athletic Bilbao visit the Camp Nou on Sunday . Benzema , meanwhile , staked his claim for a starting place against his former club Lyon this coming Tuesday , when Real travel to France seeking revenge for last season 's last-16 defeat in Europe 's top club competition . Lyon warm up for Real clash with win The 23-year-old has been vying for a place with loan signing Emmanuel Adebayor in the absence of the injured Gonzalo Higuain , and he scored his third league goal this season from close range after a superb run down the right by winger Angel Di Maria . Real dominated after that sixth-minute opener , and the second goal came four minutes before halftime when veteran Portugal defender Carvalho diverted in a vicious Cristiano Ronaldo free-kick for his third La Liga goal since leaving Chelsea in August . Second-half substitute Adebayor thought he had made it 3-0 in time added on , but Ronaldo was ruled to have been offside as he sought to pounce on a blocked shot from another replacement , Mesut Ozil . "  I liked that my team played a serious match . These games ahead of Champions League matches can be complicated because players may focus more on the European competition , " Mourinho told reporters . "  The team played well and was very focused . We knew Levante would make it tough . They were organized in defense , but we scored early and had things under control . Winning and resting players is what mattered . " The defeat left Levante two points above the bottom three , with the Valencia-based team hoping to avoid an immediate return to the second division . Third-placed Valencia lost ground on Madrid following a 0-0 draw at home to Sporting Gijon , who ended the day above 16th-placed Levante on goal difference . That result means fellow Champions League hopefuls Villarreal can draw level on 48 points with a win at home to bottom club Malaga on Sunday . Fifth-placed Atletico Madrid won 1-0 at Real Zaragoza in Saturday 's late match , thanks to Sergio Aguero 's second-half winner . The Argentine striker broke the deadlock with a flash of brilliance in the 65th minute as he received Diego Forlan 's pass , burst into the penalty box and fired a low shot across the keeper and into the far corner . Zaragoza could have snatched a point , but Nigerian striker Ikechukwu Uche and on-loan Argentine midfielder Nicolas Bertolo both saw late efforts rebound off the Madrid crossbar . Zaragoza remained a point above third-bottom Osasuna , who host sixth-placed Espanyol on Sunday .	Second-placed Real Madrid beat Levante 2-0 to keep Spanish title hopes alive Karim Benzema and Ricardo Carvalho score in the first half at Santiago Bernabeu Valencia lose ground on top two teams after being held 0-0 by Sporting Gijon Fifth-placed Atletico Madrid win 1-0 at Real Zaragoza in Saturday 's late match
CNN  -- Rowaida Abdelaziz does n't want your pity . Rowaida Abdelaziz says wearing the hijab sometimes interferes with usual U.S. teenager activities , but that it 's worth it to her faith . She does n't want your frosty public stares ; the whispers behind her back ; the lament that she 's been degraded by her father . What the Muslim high school senior wants you to understand is that she does n't wear the hijab , the head scarf worn by Muslim women , because she is submissive . "  It represents beauty to me , " says Abdelaziz , the 17-year-old daughter of two Egyptian parents living in Old Bridge , New Jersey . "  My mom says a girl is like a jewel , " Abdelaziz says . "  When you have something precious , you usually hide it . You want to make sure you keep it safe until that treasure is ready to be found . " The nation has heard plenty of debate over racial profiling . But there 's a form of religious profiling that some young Muslim women in America say they endure whenever they voluntarily wear the hijab . The hijab , also known as the veil , is the headscarf worn by Muslim women around the globe . It 's a simple piece of cloth , but it can place young Muslim women in Western countries in difficult situations . Some hijab-wearers say that strangers treat them as if they 're terrorists . Others ask them if they 're a nun -- or even allergic to the sun . In some cases , their worst critics are not Americans , but fellow Muslim Americans . The pressure on Muslim teenagers in the U.S. who wear the hijab may be even more acute . Their challenge : How do I fit in when I wear something that makes me stand out ? Randa Abdel-Fattah , who has written two novels about this question , says wearing the hijab can "  exhaust " some young Muslim women in the West . "  You can sometimes feel like you 're in a zoo : locked in the cage of other people 's stereotypes , prejudices and judgments , on parade to be analyzed , deconstructed and reconstructed , " says Abdel-Fattah , a Muslim who has Palestinian and Egyptian parents but was born in Australia . Abdel-Fattah says people should not assume that Muslim women who wear the hijab are being controlled by men . She , too , struggled with the choice of wearing a hijab when she was a teenager . "  When it comes to the hijab -- why to wear it , whether to wear it , how to wear it -- there is theology and then there is practice and there is huge diversity in both , " says Abdel-Fattah , author of "  Does My Head Look Big in This ? " The surprising history behind the hijab Some women say the hijab makes them feel like they 're locked in a cage . But others say it leads to personal freedom . Sarah Hekmati first wore the hijab at age 15 growing up in Detroit , Michigan . She is the daughter of Iranian parents who left Iran in 1979 during the Islamic revolution . Hekmati says the hijab liberated her from some teenage angst : Does my hair look good ? Am I cute enough ? Should I lose weight ? "  It gave me a sense of identity , " she says . "  I really liked the purpose behind the hijab -- a woman covering herself so that a man should know her for her mind , not her body . " That purpose can be traced back to the Quran , Islam 's holy text , which encourages women to dress modestly , says Faegheh Shirazi , author of "  The Veil Unveiled . " Some Muslims take the Quran 's advice as a command for women to wear the hijab , while others disagree , she says . "  The Quran is very ambiguous about whether you have to wear the veil or not , " Shirazi says . The hijab , however , actually predates Islam , Shirazi explains . The first known reference to veiling  Shirazi uses the term hijab and veil interchangeably  was made in an Assyrian legal text in the 13th century B.C. , Shirazi says . In the Assyrian , and later , the Roman and Byzantine empires , the veil was a symbol of prestige and status , she says . By the 12th century , the veil had been imposed on women in the Muslim world to exclude them from public life , Shirazi says . "  A sign of distinction had been transformed into a sign of exclusion , " she writes in her book . People are still debating the meaning of the hijab today . In 2007 , British Muslim groups protested when schools were given the right to ban students from wearing full-face veils . In 2008 , Turkey 's top court upheld a ban on wearing Muslim headscarves at the country 's universities . That same year , a Muslim woman was briefly jailed at a suburban Atlanta , Georgia , courthouse after refusing to remove her hijab in court . Some moms against hijab wearing The debate over the hijab can literally hit home for some young Muslim women . Those that wear the hijab in the United States can befuddle their mothers , who often immigrated to the West so they could be free from wearing the hijab and other rules imposed on women . That 's what happened to Hekmati , the Muslim-American from Detroit . Her mother , Behnaz , was puzzled by her daughter 's decision to wear the hijab . Behnaz Hekmati grew up in Iran , where she did not wear the hijab . Young women who attended college in Iran like she did generally did n't wear the hijab , she says . Behnaz Hekmati warned her daughter that wearing the hijab would arouse the suspicion of Americans . "  I said Sarah , when you cover your head here the people think you are political -- they see you differently , " Behnaz Hekmati says . Most of the trouble , though , came from Iranian-Americans , who came to the United States to escape the Islamic fundamentalists who seized power in 1979 , she says . "  The Iranians here bother her more than Americans , " Behnaz Hekmati says . "  They say , ` We got rid of you guys . We came here because we did n't want to see you guys anymore . ' " Hekmati was more concerned as a teenager about more personal issues , like her relations with boys . The hijab made it more difficult , she says . Few asked her on dates . Guys always seemed to put her in the "  friend category . " She wondered if she was attractive . "  I wondered at times : Am I always going to be a guy 's friend and nothing more . " Strangers in public saw her as something else -- a subjugated woman . They looked at her with pity , she says . Some were just baffled . "  One guy asked me if I was allergic to the sun , " Hekmati says . Abdelaziz , the New Jersey high school senior , also had her tense public encounters : angry looks , people feeling sorry for her or assuming her father ordered her to wear the hijab . "  It 's not oppression ; it 's not that I 'm accepting degradation -- it 's about self-respect , " she says . But it 's more about faith as well . She says the hijab affirms "  Islam in the most respectful and purified way . " "  When you actually wear it , it opens your eyes , " she says . "  It makes you want to explore your religious faith . " At times , Abdelaziz says she wonders what it would be like to attend her prom , get a tan at the beach and have a boyfriend . But she says her decision to honor her faith is already paying off . "  It really feels good , " she says . "  It felt like I was missing something and now I 'm complete . I finally understand my purpose . "	The hijab is the head scarf worn by Muslim women Wearing one as a Muslim teenager in the U.S. may offer challenges Some wearers say they get strange looks and sometimes angry remarks But those who voluntarily wear it say it can help them in their faith and teen life
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Shaun Rein drives to Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport , about 10 minutes outside the airfield , he begins to notice a line of cars -- including Rolls Royces and Bentleys -- parked along the side of the highway . "  Why ? It 's because these people , who can spend a million dollars on a car , do n't want to spend $ 2 on parking at the garage , " said Rein , managing director at China Market Research Group . For Chinese leaders , the nation 's newfound wealth represents a bumpy road as they try to steer the economy on a new path . The ruling Communist Party  CCP  continues meetings this week for the 18th Party Congress , where it is expected to select Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang to become the president and premier , respectively , of China for the next decade . Hu warns of corruption as congress begins One of the great challenges the new leadership faces is to move the economy -- currently driven by exports and investment -- toward a more sustainable course led by domestic consumer spending . While domestic consumption is rising , it still makes up just over one-third of the China 's total economy . American consumers , by comparison , power more than two-thirds of the U.S. economy . Much has been made of China 's growing group of super rich which has spurred record sales for luxury goods makers such as Chanel , Louis Vuitton and Prada . The nation has an estimated one million people with a net worth of $ 1 million or more , and that is expected to grow 2.5 times in the next three years , Rein said . But much of the hope of the rising domestic spending rests with China 's growing middle class . There are an estimated 350 million people in China 's middle class , which are households that earn between $ 6,000 and $ 15,000 , Rein said . A government think tank predicted last week that by 2020 there will be 600 million Chinese earning middle-class incomes . "  But they are not really middle class in the American sense . In the U.S. , you 're born a blue collar worker , your parents were blue collar , your grandparents -- and you 're proud of that , you have that identity . And you like to shop at Macy 's on special occasions , " Rein said . "  In China , you do n't have that -- that does n't really exist . Everyone here says they 're going to be rich , " he added . China business : ` Mao is not coming back ' That growth represents eye-popping opportunities for foreign multinationals and domestic companies . Chinese consumers prefer overseas brands for consumer electronics yet favor domestic companies for personal care or household items , according to a recent report by McKinsey & Company . And foreign companies that got into the market early -- such as General Motors -- are now raking in record profits . But as outgoing President Hu Jintao noted last week , concerns remain . He set an ambitious target for 2020 to double per capita income in China from 2010 levels for both rural and urban dwellers to address the rising wealth disparity . China 's per capita income was $ 4,423 in 2010 , according to the International Monetary Fund . "  Unbalanced , uncoordinated and unsustainable development remains a big problem , " Hu said in his speech at the Party congress . "  I think what 's more alarming or more worrisome is how big is it going to get ? Will it continue to grow and drive economic growth not only in China but for the world ? Or will it stagnate under a mountain of new debt -- debt from expensive housing to the cost of educating your kids to health care costs ? " said Karl Gerth , author of "  As China Goes , So Goes the World : How Chinese Consumers Are Transforming Everything . " "  These are all things that the government is trying to address by reinstituting some semblance of a social safety net , so instead of saving 40 or 50 % of their disposable incomes , people can start to spend it , " adds Gerth , who teaches at Merton College of the University of Oxford . Photos : China 's top leaders meet For foreign companies , there are mounting worries of roadblocks from Beijing to prevent access to the growing Chinese domestic market . Last summer , a report from the European Union Chamber of Commerce showed that more than 40 % of members said they think government policies for multinational companies are less fair than two years ago , and 22 % say they may move investments out of the country as a result . As Time 's Michael Shuman recently wrote , a new Chinese Great Wall -- constructed of regulations and restrictions -- are making it harder for foreign companies to compete with domestic players in the Chinese consumer market . "  Things that were easy are less easy , " Michael Dunne , president of the Hong Kong-based auto consultancy Dunne & Co. , told Time , adding that carmakers "  have to work harder to get what they want . Free access is not part of the equation . " Still , more cash is trickling down to Chinese laborers . More than half of the country 's growth last year "  has come from domestic consumption , and it 's really because the government is pushing for more money to go into the pocket of everyday Chinese -- 21 of China 's 31 provinces increased the minimum wage by 22 % , " Rein said . "  So what you 're seeing is Chinese are getting wealthier , they 're starting to spend more , " he said . "  That 's why you saw retail sales growth of 14.2 % last month . " Complete coverage : China 's leadership change CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report	China 's growing middle class is expected to grow from 350 million to 600 million by 2020 Beijing 's new leaders trying to steer economy toward domestic spending rather than exports and investment Concerns remain over wealth disparity and lack of social safety net in China Foreign companies say it 's increasingly more difficult to compete in the domestic market
CNN  -- Imagine the chaos of Black Friday -- but worse . Every shopper 's nightmare was lived out on Thursday when a horde of rowdy teens stampeded through a New York mall -- screaming , wreaking havoc and banging on shop doors . "  Things are back to normal with more police around , " Joli Chen , a worker at a beauty supply store , said Saturday . "  But the other day was crazy . Black Friday was normal compared to that . They were making trouble . " Flash mobs have been known to descend on malls across the country , singing , dancing and even accompanying couples getting engaged . But the Brooklyn flash mob is n't the first to turn ugly . In the summer of 2012 , a Walmart in Jacksonville , Florida , was mobbed by 300 people who entered the store and destroyed the security system , according to CNN affiliate WJXT . Police said the group destroyed an electronic anti-shoplifting security scanner that cost about $ 1,500 , WJXT reported . The massive crowd descended on the store after a party that was broken up nearby . No arrests were made . In New York , Chen and others described a flash mob of more than 300 teens who , at first , started gathering at Brooklyn 's Kings Plaza Shopping Center before erupting in a frenzy of yelling , running , shoving and pounding on doors . Many stores were forced to shut down on the busy shopping day after Christmas . "  They tried to scare us , " Chen said . "  They were cursing at us . The police tried to keep them moving but there were so many . And there are so many entrances , they kept coming back in . " On Friday , the mall turned away unaccompanied minors . On Saturday , Chen said , teens were allowed to shop again . A New York police spokesman confirmed that more than 300 rowdy teens overran the Kings Plaza mall the day after Christmas . At about 6 p.m. , groups roamed the mall banging on glass storefronts while cursing and screaming at people , mall employee Rickie Liu told CNN . Reports of damage were unclear , but some teens picked up a glass container filled with candy and shattered it on the floor , the owner of a candy kiosk told CNN affiliate WCBS . The rambunctious crowd turned what is usually a quiet mall into a terrifying place , said mall employee Charmaine Chen . Many stores were forced to shutter their gates on a busy day . Liu said she received a call from mall security advising store employees to lock store doors for their own safety . Shop owner Kenny Pak received a call from security telling him there were teens fighting and causing a commotion . Police arrived after mall security called for backup at around 9 p.m. , said a New York police spokesman . Officers eventually escorted nearly the disorderly teens out of the mall . The coordinated chaos lasted about two hours , according to Liu , and ruined expected good sales . Her shop did n't even reach $ 100 in business by 6 p.m. , Liu said . Police said there were no arrests made or complaints filed with the authorities about damage or assaults . Police were reviewing mall security video as part of their investigation . FBI seeks suspect who shot cops 4 arrests made in fatal New Jersey mall carjacking	Over 300 teens stormed a Brooklyn mall causing chaos Mall employees were terrified as teens banged on store doors The disturbance drove down post-Christmas sales
Justin Bieber and his father allegedly refused a pilot 's warning to stop smoking pot during a flight from Canada to New Jersey on Friday , according to a law enforcement source . A law enforcement official gave details to CNN about what the flight crew on the chartered jet told federal officials after they ferried Bieber and his entourage from Canada to New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport . The official asked not to be identified . Marijuana smoke was so strong in the jet 's cabin that flight crew members put on oxygen masks because they were concerned they might inhale so much it would cause them to test positive for drug use , said the source . ` Cocky ' Bieber tested positive for pot , Xanax The pilots repeatedly asked the pop star , his father , Jeremy Bieber , and other passengers to put away marijuana during the flight , according to the source . The pilot said the singer and his father were verbally abusive to the flight crew . This prompted the pilot to have the flight attendant stay close to the cockpit to avoid contact with Bieber as much as possible , the source said . Bieber and his entourage of 10 were granted re-entry into the United States after a search of the chartered plane by federal officials , who said they detected an odor of marijuana after it landed at Teterboro Airport , a law enforcement official told CNN . A number of federal agents from Customs and Border Protection , the Drug Enforcement Administration and Immigration and Customs Enforcement said they detected the odor , which prompted the search by drug-sniffing dogs , the source said . No sign of drugs were detected and no illegal substances were found , a law enforcement source told CNN last week . How Brown , Lohan could help Bieber Bieber , a Canadian citizen living in the United States on a work visa , was detained by border agents for several hours of questioning . The interview is routinely conducted to ensure people entering the country are in compliance with U.S. law , another law enforcement source said . A Customs and Border Protection spokesman declined comment , citing privacy requirements involving the questioning of people applying to enter the United States . Bieber rep Matthew Hiltzik declined comment to CNN . Bieber settles suit with ex-bodyguard who said singer hit him Bieber , 19 , was arrested last week in Toronto , accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December . He also faces charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving on an expired license after being stopped by police in Miami Beach , Florida , last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering whether to charge Bieber with felony vandalism in the egging of his neighbor 's house on January 9 , 2014 . Bieber , marijuana and the celebs who indulged	Law enforcement source gives details of Bieber 's flight from Canada Pot smoke was so strong in jet 's cabin the flight crew put on oxygen masks , source says Pilot claims Bieber and his father were verbally abusive to the flight crew , source says Bieber rep Matthew Hiltzik declines comment to CNN
Patrick Sawyer had one stop to make before heading home to Minnesota to celebrate his daughters ' birthdays : a conference in Lagos , Nigeria . But when he landed in Lagos , Sawyer , 40 , collapsed getting off the plane . He had been infected with Ebola in Liberia , where he worked as a top government official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance . Sawyer was isolated at a local Nigerian hospital on July 20 . He died five days later . Sawyer 's wife Decontee Sawyer , lives in Coon Rapids , Minnesota , with the couple 's three young daughters , 5-year-old Eva , 4-year-old Mia , and Bella , who is 1 . The Sawyers are naturalized citizens ; their daughters were born in the United States . "  He was so proud when he became a U.S. citizen , " Decontee told CNN . "  He voted for first time in the last U.S. presidential election . He lived in the U.S. for many years , and wanted that for Liberia -- a better democracy . " Sawyer had been caring for his Ebola-stricken sister in Liberia , Decontee said , though at the time he did n't know she had Ebola . Sawyer is the first American to die in what health officials are calling the "  deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . " His death has sparked concerns that the virus could potentially spread to the United States . "  People were n't really taking it -LSB- Ebola -RSB- seriously until it hit Patrick , " Decontee said . "  People are ready to take action . " Let 's take a step back and look at what we know about the Ebola outbreak : Where is it happening ? Up until this past week , the Ebola outbreak had been contained to three West African countries : Guinea , where it began , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Sawyer is the first known case outside of these three countries . As of July 23 , the World Health Organization had confirmed more than 800 Ebola cases in the region , but suspects there have been many unreported infections and there may be more like 1,200 cases . Sierra Leone has been hardest hit with approximately 525 cases . How many people have died ? The World Health Organization says as of July 23 , there have been 456 confirmed Ebola deaths , and another 216 suspected deaths , bringing the number possibly to more than 670 . The country of Guinea has the most suspected deaths . The epidemic has been in that country longer . It is believed the epidemic began in the nation 's capital of Conakry . While international leaders have mobilized to fight the epidemic , it can be a difficult one to stop . It is so highly infectious that it typically kills 90 % of those who catch it . The death rate in this particular outbreak had dropped to roughly 60 % since it has been treated early in many instances . There is , however , no Ebola vaccination . Have other Americans been infected ? Last week , two American aid workers in Liberia 's capital city , Monrovia , were confirmed to have the disease . Doctors and medical staff are particularly vulnerable to the virus because it spreads through exposure to bodily fluids from the infected . It can also spread through contact with an object contaminated by an infected person 's bodily fluids . Dr. Kent Brantly , a 33-year-old Fort Worth , Texas , resident , had been treating Ebola patients in Monrovia when he started to feel sick . Brantly works with Samaritan 's Purse , a Christian international relief agency . He has been the medical director for the Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia and has been working to help Ebola patients since October . After testing positive for Ebola , Brantly went into treatment at ELWA Hospital . Samaritan 's Purse has been working to evacuate him for better care , said Ken Isaacs , vice president of the agency . Unfortunately , emergency medical evacuation flights in the area are not equipped to handle the "  intense isolation " required for an Ebola patient . Brantly 's family had been with him in Liberia , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , but left for the United States before he became symptomatic ; as such it is highly unlikely that they caught the virus from him . Out of an abundance of caution they are on a 21-day fever watch , the CDC said . "  We have a strong family unit within a stronger faith community that has given us incredible support , " the Brantly family said in a statement . "  Kent remains very physically weak , but his spirit has been determined throughout this ordeal . " Nancy Writebol from Charlotte , North Carolina , has also been infected . She is employed by Serving in Mission , or SIM , and had teamed up with the staff from Samaritan 's Purse to help fight the Ebola outbreak in Monrovia when she got sick . She , too , is undergoing treatment . It is believed one of the local staff was infected with Ebola and came to work with the virus on Monday and Tuesday , Isaacs told CNN . "  We think it was in the scrub-down area where the disease was passed to both Nancy and Kent , " he said . That staff member died on Thursday . Both Brantly and Writebol are stable , according to a statement released Tuesday by SIM , though both patients are still exhibiting symptoms of the virus . "  Due to the upsurge in cases of Ebola in the region , SIM and Samaritan 's Purse have taken the precautionary step of mandating the evacuation of all nonessential personnel from Liberia , " the statement said . "  Timing , means , and place of evacuation are being decided now . " Could Ebola spread to the U.S. ? The CDC held a media briefing Monday to emphasize that there is "  no significant risk " of an Ebola outbreak in the United States . There has never been a confirmed case of Ebola spreading to a developed country , said Kamiliny Kalahne , an epidemiologist with Doctors Without Borders . "  This is because people generally transmit the infection when they are very sick , have a high fever and a lot of symptoms -- and in these situations , they do n't travel . "  And even if they do get sick once they travel to a developed country , they will be in a good hospital with good infection control , so they are very unlikely to infect others , " she said . The U.S. health care system is also better suited to handle an Ebola case than many in West Africa , said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . Health officials would likely recognize such a case and be able to trace all points of contact with the patient to prevent further transmission , he said . "  Epidemics of disease are often followed by epidemics of fear and epidemics of stigma , " Cetron said . "  All of these things occur in a social context that can make containment very challenging . " That said , Sawyer did end up on an airplane at an international airport : What 's to say others might not do the same , and actually make it to the United States ? Count CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta among those who believe "  it 's going to happen at some point . " One big reason is that it takes 2 to 21 days between the time a person is infected and when he or she shows symptoms -- including vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function , and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola is not contagious until symptoms appear , though that does n't mean a person can not travel in the incubation period . "  Just observing the whole process , it 's almost impossible to prevent from happening , " Gupta said . "  But I think ... it can be then stemmed , so it does n't turn into all these mini-secondary outbreaks . " What should I do ? Avoiding these West African countries is the easiest way to prevent the outbreak from spreading , Cetron said . If you have traveled recently to the region and develop a fever , or other symptoms consistent with Ebola , notify your doctor right away . If you 're a humanitarian worker in the region , you need to be familiar with proper infection control precautions and avoid contact with blood or any other bodily fluids , he said . You should also report any needle sticks or possible exposures early to receive testing and , if necessary , start treatment as soon as possible . The Sawyer family is working with their church community to start "  Concerned Liberians against Ebola , " Decontee said . Their goal is to raise $ 500,000 to help two international organizations : Samaritan 's Purse and Global Health Ministry . How can those with the disease be helped ? While experimental vaccines exist , there are no licensed ones that get widespread use , according to the World Health Organization . The disease can be devastating and , ultimately , deadly in a few ways . One is because it "  disarms your immune system ,  so it  can not fight the virus , " Gupta notes . Another is that it causes people to lose fluids , because of vomiting and diarrhea in addition to bleeding , as Ebola inhibits one 's ability to clot , adds Gupta . The most important thing a person needs to do to survive is to get treated as early and effectively as possible . But that 's not always easy in some parts of Africa , says Monia Sayah , a nurse with the humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders . "  We go into communities where we are not necessarily welcome , because they understand now that the survival rate is not very high , " Sayah told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Sayah acknowledges that , in addition to immediate family members , health care workers are among those at highest risk of being infected . One need look no farther than Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan , a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone before dying this week from complications of the disease . Health care workers don gowns , gloves and masks , among other measures , to guard against the disease . "  Every inch of the body has to be covered , " Sayah said . "  It 's essential . " Ebola doctor in Sierra Leone dies	Family : Infected American "  very physically weak , but his spirit  is  determined " CNN 's Gupta : Curbing Ebola almost "  impossible , " but it can be contained Patrick Sawyer 's family lives Minnesota ; he worked in Liberia and died in Nigeria Hundreds have been infected with Ebola around Africa
CNN  -- Jennifer Jones Nominated for five Academy Awards , actress Jennifer Jones died Thursday at 90 . Her first major movie was "  The Song of Bernadette " in 1943 . Her portrayal of Bernadette Soubirous , a peasant girl in 19th-century France who had visions of the Virgin Mary at Lourdes , won her the best actress Oscar . She also earned Oscar nominations for "  Since You Went Away " in 1944 , "  Love Letters " in 1945 , "  Duel in the Sun " in 1946 and "  Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing " in 1955 in which she co-starred with William Holden . She was born Phylis Lee Isley in Tulsa , Oklahoma , and later changed her name to Jennifer Jones in the early 1940s after a screen test for legendary producer David O. Selznick , whom she later married . Her last film appearance was a cameo role in the 1974 star-studded disaster movie "  The Towering Inferno . " CNN : Actress Jennifer Jones dies at 90 IMDB : Jennifer Jones ' career Shellie Ross The Florida mom and blogger posted the Twitter message on Monday night : "  Please pray like never before , my 2 yr old fell in the pool , " as she waited in a hospital to find out how Bryson was doing . Her succinct plea went to more than 5,300 recipients who follow her digital thoughts . According to USA Today , her son died 19 minutes after the tweet , which has now resulted in a viral torrent of support and criticism . New York Post : Mom tweets about son 's death as it happens USA Today : Mom 's tweet as son was dying stirs debate Mark Weinberger The doctor from Merrillville , Indiana , disappeared more than five years ago . He was arrested this week while camping in northern Italy and was in custody at a hospital as he recovers from a wound that occurred when he tried to take his own life , Britain 's The Guardian reports . A federal grand jury indicted Weinberger in 2006 , accusing him of fraud and malpractice , according to Indiana 's Post-Tribune . His wife , Michelle Kramer , told Larry King in August 2005 that they had been vacationing in Mykonos , Greece , and she woke up to find him gone . She has since filed for divorce . Post-Tribune : Feds wait for return of fugitive doctor to U.S. . The Guardian : Doctor found living in tent on Mont Blanc Kurt Muse The U.S. Army is marking the 20th anniversary of the rescue of American Kurt Muse at the beginning of the military action that deposed Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega . The Noriega regime reportedly held Muse in prison for nine months for operating an underground radio station , Voice of Liberty . In 1989 , he was captured and put in solitary confinement -- until the elite Delta Force conducted a dramatic prison rescue . During the operation , the Hughes MH-6 Little Bird helicopter transporting Muse crashed , but he was not badly injured , a report says . Muse is now an author and a motivational speaker . Special Operations.com : The rescue of Kurt Muse Nicholas Coke The baby from Pueblo , Colorado , was born without a brain . This week , he had his first birthday . KOAA-TV in Colorado Springs-Pueblo reports that Nicholas was born with anencephaly , a birth defect in which all or part of the brain is lacking . Most such babies die within hours . His mom , Sheena , told KOAA , "  He ca n't see , he ca n't hear , he ca n't suck . He does n't crawl , does n't sit up . " KOAA : Baby born without brain lives for first birthday What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Academy Award-winning actress Jennifer Jones dies at 90 Florida mom reportedly tweets about son 's death Baby born with no brain survives for first birthday , Colorado TV station says
ZAM ZAM DISPLACEMENT CAMP , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's Darfur crisis has exploded on many fronts -- violence , hunger , displacement and looting -- but United Nations peacekeepers say the biggest issue now affecting the region is the systematic rape of women and children . UNAMID police officer Ajayi Funmi , left , educates Darfur women about rape . Thousands of women as young as 4 caught in the middle of the struggle between rebel forces and government-backed militias have become victims of rape , they say , with some aid groups claiming that it is being used as a weapon of ethnic cleansing . "  That is one of the biggest issues in Darfur : the rapes , and crimes against women and children , " said Micheal Fryer , police commissioner of UNAMID , the United Nations peacekeeping force deployed to try to tackle the violence . Relief workers say they are powerless to stop the attacks and say that if they do speak out , they fear that the Sudanese government will tell them to leave the country . Humanitarian group Refugees International said in a report last year that rape was "  an integral part of the pattern of violence that the government of Sudan is inflicting upon the targeted ethnic groups in Darfur . " Some relief workers say that almost every woman living in aid camps has been raped or become a victim of gender-based violence . Many teenagers , while out running errands such as collecting firewood , are raped multiple times by militiamen , the workers say . Watch women face dangers in Darfur " They say the situation has now become so bad that many women are now resigned to rape as a way of life and men are unwilling to accompany them because they fear that they will be killed if they try to defend them . But despite the extent of the abuse , the Sudanese government insists there is no problem , adding to the difficulties faced by the victims , who are often ostracized by their communities or fall afoul of a legal system seen as favoring their attackers . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos of Darfur "  There is no rape in Darfur , " said Mohammad Hassan Awad , a Humanitarian Aid Commissioner for West Darfur , who accuses foreign aid workers of persuading people in refugee camps to make false claims . Although few aid workers dispute the extent of the attacks against women , they say survivors are unwilling to come forward . But those who do reveal shocking levels of abuse . "  She said they removed their scarves and used it to tie them up and were taking turns to rape them . One is 13 years old ; the other one is 16 years , " Ajayi Funmi of the UNAMID police , who is trying to educate women , said after talking to two girls . Making matters worse , aid workers say scores of babies conceived through rape are being dumped by their mothers . "  Abandoned babies are reported , but because of the stigma attached to it , there is no detailed report , because the women do n't come forward , " said Dr Naqib Safi of the U.N. children 's body UNICEF . As many as 20 babies a month are being dumped in one camp of 22,000 people . With U.N. officials calling for more female officers to better educate women against rape and women saying they wo n't feel safe until the under-equipped and undermanned United Nations force is strong enough to protect them , the situation shows little sign of improving .	Women and girls as young as four face rape on daily basis in Darfur U.N. mission says rape now biggest issue facing troubled Sudanese region Aid workers says 100 percent of women in camps face gender-based abuse Sudanese government says there is no rape in Darfur
CNN  -- It 's not every day you get a chance to kiteboard across the Atlantic evading sharks after winning a social media competition . Eric Little 's day job in insurance and retirement planning had hardly prepared him for the "  scary experience " of coming up close and personal with a shark during a daredevil crossing of the Atlantic in a six-strong team of kiteboarders . Little , nicknamed ` Pequeno ' -- Spanish for small -- was cruising the waves on the second day out of Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands when he spotted the unmistakable fins "  about 24 feet away " from his rig . The 30-year-old from West Bloomfield in Michigan was the final team member to be selected after winning a Facebook competition and had to put up with constant ribbing from his fellow team members about the incident during the remainder of the 27-day landmark crossing of the ocean . Kiteboarding harnesses the power of the wind using a large kite suspended on four lines and Little learned the ropes of the sport on the Great Lakes , but conditions in the Atlantic were altogether more challenging . Apart from the odd encounter with sharks , he also rode through schools of flying fish and had the unusual experience of surfing the waves through the night . The team , consisting of Little , four Dutchman and one woman -- 30-year-old Camilla Ringvold -- were assigned two shifts of two hours each per day -- one in the daylight and one at night -- so constant progress was made on the 4,000 mile  6,000 km  plus crossing to their destination in the Turks and Caicos Islands . Support crew A support boat -- a Lagoon 500 catamaran -- was a constant companion , with five crew members including the Dutch professional sailor Erik van Vuuren as team captain . Van Vuuren is a three-time world champion -- competing against the likes of Britain 's sailing great Ben Ainslee -- but for the 43-year-old Dutchman this was an altogether different challenge . Constant vigilance was required in case the kiteboarders were dumped into the waters at high speeds , particularly in the dark and the crew had to develop rigorous safety procedures . Only at the finish after nearly a month at sea did Van Vuuren understand the physical and mental demands . "  When we came into the harbor I suddenly realized how tired I was , " he told CNN . With his sailing expertise , Van Vuuren was one of the first people recruited to the challenge , which was the brainchild of Filippo van Hellenberg Hubar , who set up the Enable Passion Foundation with the express aim of completing inspiring and original challenges . Ground breaking feat "  We have done something groundbreaking , " said the 30-year-old Dutchman , but admitted he was in a "  state of shock " at the finish on December 17 . Van Hellenberg Hubar , found the night sessions the most exhilarating , "  the only thing you could see was the rope and the kite in front of you . " He added : "  Kitesurfing really went places with this challenge . " Kiteboarding or kitesurfing may indeed be going places , with another crew member , Max Blom , 28 , from Amsterdam confident it will eventually be included in the Summer Olympics . Only a late volte face by the International Sailing Federation  ISAF  saw a decision to replace windsurfing with kitesurfing for the 2016 Games in Rio reversed . Blom makes his living in the sport 's industry and believes its growing popularity lies in its wide appeal with all ages able to participate . "  You can just cruise around , but for me kitesurfing is a physical sport and very competitive . " During the Atlantic crossing , Blom lived up to his ethos , determined to clock up the most distance for a two-hour stint . "  74 kilometers , " he said proudly . But he also acknowledged that it had been very much a team affair , with the only female team member playing her full part . "  Camilla was the lightest and took on the most squalls . " Girl power Indeed Ringvold , from Norway , proved her worth on many occasions , particularly in lighter winds as they became becalmed . "  I would definitely do it again . I did not want to get off the boat , " she reflected . The other female to actively participate -- a woman producer from a Dutch TV channel was on board to film the action -- was medic Sophie Cohen - a 28-year-old doctor from Amsterdam , who specializes in paediatrics . She was selected for her professional abilities and is also a trained sailor . But despite that experience , she admitted to a degree of trepidation throughout the challenge , in case of a major injury . "  A shark bite , or high impact trauma , that would have been a real problem , " she said . "  We were really alone in the middle of the ocean . " Little 's brush with a shark aside , the closest Cohen came to that nightmare scenario was an accident which befell Dennis Gijsbers , who "  got it a bit wrong " at the start of a new stint . Gijsbers was forced under a support dinghy moving at five knots for about five seconds -- "  it felt like 15 seconds " -- and only narrowly escaped serious injury , other than a few cuts and bruises . "  She  Cohen  was checking my lungs and I threw up a lot of salt water , " he said . Danger guy It underlined the inherent risks in the challenge , "  I was the danger guy , " joked Gijsbers , but each team member was hand picked for their abilities . Ike Frans was the oldest kiteboarder at 40 years of age , but is the Dutch champion in the sport of Stand Up Paddle , where competitors propel themselves on a flat surfboard using only a single paddle . "  It was 11 people on the boat all working together , real teamwork , " he said . Frans was grateful to Van Vuuren and his skill when he went down during a night stint and was picked up within minutes . In pitch darkness it proved a surreal experience , "  the water is nice and clear , an island of light around you , " Frans recalled , but he was grateful for the prompt rescue . Glorious arrival The team eventually arrived to "  red carpet " treatment at a luxury resort complex in the Turks and Caicos , and a glowing tribute from the governor of the British overseas dependency . "  The feat of the Enable Passion organization in completing this marathon across one of the world 's wildest oceans is awe inspiring , " said Peter Beckingham . It remains to be seen whether other relay teams attempt to beat their new record but for now Van Hellenberg Hubar is content to live with the memories . "  We crossed the Atlantic ocean sailing and kiting and it was perfect , " he said with pride . Meanwhile Little will go back to his desk in the U.S. and dream of getting the call for the next challenge . "  Time will tell . We shall see , we shall see , " he said .	Six-strong team of kiteboarders set record for relay crossing of Atlantic 6,000 km journey from Canary Islands to Turks and Caicos Islands 27-day venture with each kiteboarder doing four hours per day Team encountered sharks and severe weather systems
CNN  -- Australia 's Prime Minister repeated Saturday that he has a "  high degree of confidence " that acoustic signals detected in the Indian Ocean are from at least one of the two black boxes from the missing Malaysian plane , but predicted that finding them remains a "  massive , massive task . " "  It is likely to continue for a long time to come , " Tony Abbott told journalists in Beijing , where he was on a diplomatic visit . Chinese officials appreciate Australia 's "  transparency and candor " in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , he said , adding "  I think it 's to our country 's credit that we 've approached it that way . " More than 35 days since the plane vanished from radar screens early March 8 during a flight from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing , the search continued . Up to 11 military aircraft , one civil aircraft and 14 ships will assist in Sunday 's search for the missing airliner , the Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority planned a visual search area totaling approximately 22,203 square miles  57,506 square kilometers  . The center of the search area lies about 1,367 miles  2,200 kilometers  northwest of Perth . During Friday 's search , only a small number of the objects sighted from aircraft and ships were recovered ; as has been the case throughout the effort , none was linked to the Boeing aircraft , according to the Joint Agency Coordination Centre . Still , the U.S. Navy commander leading the American effort to find Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 said he was "  optimistic " about how the search is proceeding . The four pings detected in recent days were continuous and consistent with what a black box would emit , said Cmdr. William Marks . "  We 've ruled out that it was anything natural , or anything from commercial shipping , or anything like that . " "  I agree with the Prime Minister , " Marks said . "  We 're optimistic . " Families skeptical But the optimism was not universal . Relatives of the 239 people who were aboard the plane when it vanished met Friday with Malaysia Airlines and government officials . The mother of Pouria Nourmohammadi , the 19-year-old Iranian man who used a fake passport to board the plane , came away unimpressed . "  I feel the Malaysian government has forgotten about all things MH370 , " his mother told CNN on Saturday . "  These days there is not news . They only keep saying , ` We are searching . ' " On Saturday , searchers aboard the Australian vessel Ocean Shield were planning to continue towing the ping locator -- referred to as a TPL -- at a walking pace through the water in hopes of picking up new signals from either or both of the locator signals that were attached to the plane 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder , Marks said . The more signals they can locate , the more investigators say they can narrow the search zone . "  We have to stick with the TPL for just a little while longer to make sure we have exhausted every ounce of power coming from the battery through the black boxes , " he said . The batteries were certified to last 30 days , but the beacon manufacturer predicted they would last days longer . Once the searchers have concluded that there is no hope that the batteries could still be powering the beacons , searchers will lower into the water the Bluefin-21 , a sonar device , to scour the ocean floor . The Bluefin 's pace is slower than that of the TPL , he said . Four pings , one dud On April 5 , the TPL detected two sets of underwater pulses of a frequency close to that used by the locator beacons . Three days later , last Tuesday , it reacquired the signals twice . All four signals were within 17 miles of one another . A fifth ping , detected Thursday by a sonobuoy dropped from an airplane , is "  unlikely to be related to the aircraft black boxes , " Australian chief search coordinator Angus Houston said a day later . Tracking pings is only one early step in the hunt to find the plane 's data recorders , wreckage and the people aboard . Imagining the search underwater As the focus narrows , more questions surface in search for Malaysia 370 The hunt for a Flight 370 ping : How they are doing it How deep is deep ? Imagining the MH370 search underwater CNN 's Ralph Ellis , David Molko and Elizabeth Joseph and journalists Ivy Sam and Chan Kok Leong contributed to this report .	A mother 's lament : "  They only keep saying , ` We are searching ' " Abbott predicts a long slog "  We 're optimistic , " U.S. Navy commander says Up to 11 military aircraft , one civil aircraft and 14 ships in Sunday search
Hollywood producer Arnon Milchan confirmed what has been rumored for decades -- that he secretly helped Israel develop its nuclear weapons program . Milchan , who has produced dozens of major movies and worked with the biggest stars , worked for Israel 's now-defunct spy unit Bureau of Scientific Relations , he told Israeli television 's Uvda "  Fact 14 " show . A 2011 book detailed Milchan 's secret work , but until now he has not talked openly about his life of espionage . Milchan , whose films include "  Fight Club , " "  Pretty Woman , " and "  L.A. Confidential , " set up and operated dozens of companies that helped Israel obtain parts and plans for its nuclear project in the 1980s , he said . "  I did it for my country and I 'm proud of it , " Milchan told interviewer Ilana Dayan in a report aired this week . His spy work was a rumor in the 1980s when Milchan was producing movies , including "  The King of Comedy " and "  Once Upon a Time in America " with actor Robert De Niro . De Niro sat with Milchan for an interview with Dayan for the show . He said he suspected something about the producer 's "  ventures " decades ago , but "  I was n't sure . " He did n't question his producer about the rumors because "  it was n't my business , " he said . "  He did n't ask me certain things and I do n't ask him . " Milchan : ` Wow ! The action ! That was exciting ' Milchan -- born in 1944 in what was then Palestine -- was a successful young businessman in the United States when his friend Shimon Peres -- who later became Israel 's prime minister -- recruited him to help after the 1973 Yom Kippur War , the Uvda report said . Israeli spy officials used bank accounts set up by Milchan to make weapons-related purchases around the world , including helicopters and missiles , the report said . "  Do you know what it was like to be a 20-something guy whose country decided to let him be James Bond ? Wow ! The action ! That was exciting , " Milchan told Dayan . Milchan told how he convinced a German engineer to let him photograph plans for a nuclear facility . When the FBI discovered one of his companies was used to ship nuclear triggers to Israel without proper licenses , it resulted in the 1985 indictment of an executive who was involved . Charges against Milchan were dropped by the Reagan administration . "  I did n't know Israel ordered the triggers , " Milchan told Dayan . "  I did n't even know what triggers were . " He also acknowledged helping the government of South Africa with public relations when it was under intense international criticism and sanctions because of its apartheid system . His help was in exchange for uranium supplied to Israel from South Africa , he said . Director Sidney Pollack , whose films included "  Tootsie " and "  Out of Africa , " was "  my partner in export in aerospace , planes , all kinds of things , with license , " Milchan said . "  He had to decide what he was willing and what he was not . On many things he said ` No . ' Many things he said ` Yes . ' " Milchan is a multi-billionaire , but he insisted that he never profited from his spy work .	Israeli spy agency used Milchan 's companies to make weapons-related purchases "  I did it for my country and I 'm proud of it , " Arnon Milchan told an Israeli TV interviewer Milchan 's films include "  Fight Club , " "  Pretty Woman , " and "  L.A. Confidential " A 2011 book detailed his secret work , but until now he has not talked openly about his spying
London , England  CNN  -- Fernando Alonso insists he can still drive Ferrari to the Formula One world title , despite losing ground on his rivals after a disappointing Belgian Grand Prix . The Spaniard is 41 points behind the current leader in the drivers ' championship standings , McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , after he span out in the latter stages at Spa . But with six races left in the season , Alonso is convinced he can still force his way into the reckoning -- starting with the Italian Grand Prix at Monza on September 12 . "  With this points system and the way races swing one way or another , I am convinced we still have a significant chance , " Alonso wrote on his Ferrari blog . "  There are 150 points up for grabs , enough to turn the situation around . We must remain calm and concentrate , to try and make up the difference as soon as possible . "  Clearly , there are now three of us who need to make up for ground lost in Spa . It was not the Belgian Grand Prix we were expecting , that 's for sure . " Alonso is now focusing on the Italian Grand Prix as a chance to close the gap on Hamilton , and the other three in front of him -- Red Bull pair Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel , as well as Jenson Button , of McLaren . But he admits his first trip to the famous Monza track as a Ferrari driver will add extra pressure on him to deliver the goods and that a bad result could deliver a fatal blow to his championship hopes . "  There is no denying that the Monza race will be very important , " he added . "  At our home circuit we will have to do everything to avoid losing any more points . "  A good result here would be a great boost . If things go badly , it wo n't be over but it would be a hard knock for team morale . "  Racing at Monza for the first time as a Ferrari driver will definitely be a nice feeling . Our team is made up of 95 per cent Italians and you can feel the passion and the will to do well for this special event . "  I ca n't wait to be there and look forward to seeing the grandstands packed with fans -- we need their support . "	Fernando Alonso says he can still win the Formula One drivers ' championship Ferrari driver is currently 41 points behind leader Lewis Hamilton with six races left The Spaniard is targeting a good result in his first Italian Grand Prix with Ferrari
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has obtained intelligence indicating that Iran "  may be planning " a retaliatory strike against the American Embassy in Baghdad if the United States launches a military strike against Syria , a senior U.S. official told CNN . He said that Iran has "  a lot of Shi'a friends " in Iraq that would be willing to carry out an attack . The official was responding to a Wall Street Journal report that the United States intercepted an order from Iran to militants in Iraq to attack the embassy "  and other American interests in Baghdad , " if the United States struck Syria militarily for alleged chemical weapons use . The State Department had no comment on the report , but added it had not taken any action in terms of security at U.S. diplomatic posts in Iraq .	U.S. official said intelligence pointed to planning for possible retaliation , if strike ordered Wall Street Journal said the United States intercepted an order from Iran to militants The State Department had no comment , but said it had not taken security steps in Baghdad
This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles by CNN about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Leah Bird and her husband Ed Wright stand in front of their new home : a 1974 Airstream trailer . CNN  -- They bid farewell to their beloved trips to the opera and museum , the beach and Buddhist temples . They ate one last time at their favorite restaurants serving Indian curried chicken and warm bowls of Vietnamese pho . Leah Bird and her husband , Ed Wright , have traded their comfortable two-bedroom apartment and jobs in Beverly Hills , California , for life in a trailer on a five-acre Oregon farm . No longer do the couple hear roaring fire trucks in the street or chatter from patrons dining at outdoor cafes . On this farm , the dominant silence is occasionally interrupted by the sounds of frogs and crickets . "  It 's not necessarily a lifestyle that has ever seemed attractive to me , " says 28-year-old Bird , between tending to the farm animals : two sheep , two Nubian goats , miniature horses and geese . "  I always saw myself as more of a metropolitan person , but you know , without money , this was our best option . " The couple 's drastic lifestyle change -- one they chose -- came last October when Wright , 48 , lost his job managing life insurance portfolios for millionaires at a private firm in Beverly Hills . His niche company , which relied heavily on capital flow , had felt the pain of the credit crunch . Once making over $ 100,000 a year , Wright soon joined the growing number of Americans facing unemployment in the economic downturn . iReport.com : Tell us how you 're surviving With meager savings , Bird and Wright knew they could n't maintain their costly Los Angeles lifestyle in an area where , they say , image is everything . Even if they had stayed in Beverly Hills , they would have needed to move into a smaller apartment and rely on Bird 's modest salary as a financial manager . Exhausted from the rat race , Wright decided they needed another option . "  I 've been in Los Angeles for a long time and I 've had to start over before , " Wright says . "  You spend two or three years getting back on your feet and then what ? It 's a struggle if you are n't making a lot of money . " Then Wright 's parents offered to let the newlywed couple live on their family farm in rural Douglas County in southern Oregon until the couple bounced back . Wright agreed immediately . He says he wanted to move there to help his elderly parents manage the sprawling property . His wife , however , was more reluctant because she still had her job . But Bird says she soon agreed to move to the farm because it was the fastest way to cut expenses . "  I did it out of immediate necessity , " says Bird , who grew up in more of a suburban setting near Tucson , Arizona . "  I do n't think I was ready to leave L.A. " While Wright wanted to make the move north , he was n't ready to move in with his parents . At Christmas , the couple purchased a 1974 Airstream trailer , shaped like an oblong silver bullet , from Craigslist for a few thousand dollars . The trailer living quarters are cramped , with about 300 square feet , a major downgrade from the couple 's 1,400-square-foot apartment in California . iReport.com : From Beverly Hills to Hillbillies The couple moved to Oregon in mid-January , after a two-day drive from Los Angeles , hopeful the farm would give them the needed break from city life and a chance to focus on finding new careers . In Los Angeles , they lived in a neighborhood with about 20,000 people . Now , the closest town has fewer than 20,000 people . "  We 're not going to lie to you and say everything is hunky dory , " Wright says . "  It 's hard being out here . " "  I feel like a fish out of water , " Bird added . "  I 'm so out of my element . " Their mornings now begin at the crack of dawn . They clean the living space for the animals , pick up manure and fix the landscaping . Afternoons are spent job hunting , a challenging feat in a region where lumber and nursing are the two dominant fields . For now , they are spending their savings until they find employment . Their trailer 's bedroom has just enough room to stuff in a queen-size bed . A narrow window by the bed looks out on the farm , where they can see deer roaming the land in the mornings . There is no dining room , a difficult adjustment for the couple , who once enjoyed entertaining guests over dinner and wine . The living room furniture consists of colorful pillows piled against the wall on the floor facing the television and a desk for their laptops . Their new kitchen has just enough space for one person to stand and work . There is one toilet , which is currently being remodeled , and no shower . The couple bathe at Wright 's parents ' house ; they admit that they only shower a few times a week now . Most of their belongings from Los Angeles , expensive furniture and art accumulated over the years , remain in storage . While the couple miss these things , they say their new lifestyle will help them survive the troubled economy . They also hope it will teach them to live simpler lives . In many ways , Bird and Wright are enjoying the serenity of their slower-paced lifestyle . They are spending more time together , and Bird says she is getting closer to Wright 's parents . After the initial culture shock in the first month , Bird says she is slowly adapting to farm life . She learned how to build a fire pit , and she plans on growing a fruit and vegetable garden in the spring . She wants to buy more productive animals like cows . With the garden and some cows , she says , the couple wo n't have to purchase vegetables or milk from the grocery store . Her husband is remodeling their trailer by adding amenities to the kitchen and bathroom . Wright , who has always been interested in philosophy and religion , says he sees his unemployment as a time for "  soul searching . " The couple are still mulling their career options . Wright , who is also an amateur musician , is looking at new job opportunities for the future . He has dabbled with the idea of starting his own bar since he knows so many musicians in the industry , he says . He and his wife are thinking about joining the Peace Corps together , or maybe building a log house on the farm . The options are limitless , they say . A few weeks ago , surrounded by giant pine trees in the cold winter air , the couple walked outside and looked up . For the first time in a long time , they could see the stars shining brightly in the dark sky . CNN 's Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	Leah Bird and Ed Wright have have traded their Beverly Hills life for a trailer on a farm Wright , who once made $ 100,000 a year , was laid off from an insurance firm They feed animals , clean manure and fix the landscape "  I feel like a fish out of water . I 'm so out of my element , " Bird says
CNN  -- Let the flapless among us take heart . "  Flappy Bird , " the now defunct mobile sensation , will one day rise like a phoenix and fling itself awkwardly into an app store near you . Dong Nguyen , the creator of the infuriatingly addictive and deceptively difficult mobile game confirmed as much early Wednesday on Twitter . Responding to a tweet Dong sent last month , a follower directly asked if he plans to ever make the game available again . "  Yes , " Nguyen replied . "  But not soon . " That 's an about-face from last month , when Nguyen , in a rare interview , told Forbes that "  Flappy Bird " was "  gone forever . " Originally released last May , "  Flappy Bird " had largely languished before a surge in popularity , starting around December , that would see it become the most downloaded app in both Apple 's App Store and the Google Play store for Android devices . At the time of its demise , "  Flappy Bird " had an average four-star rating from more than 543,000 reviews in the Apple App Store and 228,000 on Android . Many of the reviews were lengthy , tongue-in-cheek tales of time lost , marriages ended and people going cuckoo after playing the game . At the time , Nguyen said he was afraid that what he 'd intended to be a simple pastime had gotten out of control and become "  addictive " to some users . The Vietnamese developer , who has stayed largely out of the spotlight , had also come under intense scrutiny , with some accusing him  without evidence , it should be noted  of using bots to artificially inflate the game 's app-store rankings . People who had already downloaded the app did n't lose it , but those who had n't were out of luck . And so , we wait . In the mean time , Dot Gears , Nguyen 's studio , has two other games available for download -- "  Shuriken Block " and "  Super Ball Juggling . " And he promises more to come -- probably before we see "  Flappy Bird " again . Or you could just busy yourself with one of the multitude of "  Flappy Bird " clones , which continue to flood app stores at insane rates .	` Flappy Bird ' creator say game will come back to app stores Dong Nguyen pulled game last month Nguyen said it will be back but "  not soon "
CNN  -- A coalition of news media organizations has filed suit in an effort to get the government investigation into the Crandall Canyon mine accident opened to the public . Rescuers drill into the Crandall Canyon mine on August 16 to try to reach six miners trapped underground . The group -- including CNN , The Associated Press , The Salt Lake Tribune and the Deseret Morning News -- asked a federal court on Monday to stop the proceedings until a judge can rule on whether to open them . The suit also asked that a transcript be provided of any closed hearings that may have already occurred . The coalition noted that the same court ruled after a similar accident more than 20 years ago that the Mine Safety and Health Administration must make its proceedings public . "  Sadly , another mine disaster and more Utah miner  and mine rescuer  deaths have led Defendant here to convene another MSHA panel , this time with a goal of determining MSHA 's alleged complicity in the accident , " the plaintiffs ' attorneys wrote . "  This MSHA panel today is basically doing the same types of things that it did 20 some years ago . " The Department of Labor , which includes MSHA , has not allowed the news media access to its investigation into the August 6 cave-in of the mine in central Utah . Six miners were trapped and are presumed dead . On August 16 , three other people , including an MSHA inspector , died as they attempted to reach the trapped miners , whose bodies have never been recovered . A call to the Department of Labor was not immediately returned . Also joining the suit is the Utah Media Coalition , representing Utah newspapers , television stations and journalism groups . E-mail to a friend	News media group asks court to stop probe until judge rules whether to open it Investigation being done by Mine Safety and Health Administration Media coalition also requests transcripts of any closed meetings already held Six miners trapped when mine collapsed August 6 ; three died in rescue try
CNN  -- Michael Ian Black has a fine sense of the absurd . Michael Ian Black , left , and Michael Showalter have "  Issues " in their new Comedy Central show . You can hear it in the comedian 's deadpan delivery , which makes some of his serious musings sound like jokes -- and some of his jokes sound like serious philosophizing . You can see it reflected in his VH1 "  I Love the ... " guest spots , in which he acts as if the most ridiculous pop cultural events are worthy of solemn commentary . The absurdity is also obvious in his new Comedy Central show , "  Michael and Michael Have Issues , " in which he and pal Michael Showalter -- the two go back to the early - '90s troupe The State -- play exaggerated versions of themselves doing such things as competing for the attention of an intern and torturing a reporter as they make a TV show . "  Michael and Michael , " which airs Wednesdays at 10:30 p.m. ET on Comedy Central , premiered last week for a multiweek run . Though Black has hopes for more , he 's well aware of the pitfalls of his particular brand of humor : Not everybody gets it . Watch Black respond to assertions that he 's not attractive " "  Well the first episode has aired , and it was a HUGE HIT !!!  Except for the fact that not enough people watched it  , " he wrote on the "  Michael and Michael " site . "  Yes , once again Showalter and myself have produced a show which America has yet to discover . " America may catch on yet , thanks to Black 's determined publicity tour . He talked to CNN.com about the origins of "  Michael and Michael , " the comedy of discomfort and the "  Jack Benny Projection Theorem . " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : How did the show come about ? Michael Ian Black : The last show -LSB- Showalter and I -RSB- did together was called "  Stella , " which was also on Comedy Central . After that , I talked to Comedy Central about doing a different show , and they said sure . I brought on Michael to help me make it . We made that pilot , it did n't go , but when it was done , they said , "  We 'd still like you guys to do something . " So we started pitching around ideas , and this is the one that stuck . CNN : Does Comedy Central keep a hands-off attitude with you guys ? Black : Yes and no . They definitely trust us to a certain extent . We 've had a long relationship with them , so they have a lot of faith in us . ... At the same time , they 're a television network , and I do n't know if you 're familiar with television networks , but they definitely have opinions . CNN : They like to provide notes , I 've heard . Black : Yes , that 's exactly right . So they 've given us lots and lots of notes . CNN : One thing that always strikes me about you guys is that you like the comedy of discomfort , -LSB- as in -RSB- the kind of thing that makes you laugh but makes you squirm a little bit ? Black : When phrased that way , then yes , I suppose we do like that . There 's something very funny to both Michael and myself about putting yourself in awkward situations and revealing this banal awkwardness that kind of happens to everybody . CNN : What makes you uncomfortable in real life ? Black : I 'm very uncomfortable with sincerity .  laughs  Anybody who 's being sincere about stuff gives me the icks . I just invented a term : "  gives me the icks . " CNN : Who did you follow when you were growing up ? Black : The comedians who I always really looked up to when I was a kid were John Belushi , George Carlin , Richard Pryor , Eddie Murphy ... but for different reasons . I ca n't say I 'm particularly like any of them , but I 've always responded to comedy that does n't point itself as being comedy . ... That 's where that straight-faced thing comes from . You 're telling the joke without telling people you 're telling the joke . You have to trust that they 're going to get it . CNN : How about Jack Benny ? He was always marvelous at being able to stand off to the side . Black : I think what was great about Jack Benny or anybody who sort of does that kind of thing -- that deadpan thing -- is you 're allowing the audience to project their thoughts on to you . So you think you understand what Jack Benny 's thinking ... but it 's because it 's what you 're thinking . And what you 're thinking is funny , and that 's what makes you laugh . Does that make sense ? CNN : Absolutely . Black : It 's a theory I just made up . I feel really , really good about it . ... I 'm gon na call it the "  Jack Benny Projection Theorem . " CNN : What do you think you 'd be doing if it were n't for comedy ? Black : Well , I do n't know what recycled cans go for these days , but I suspect I 'd be in that industry . CNN : Does "  Michael and Michael " look like it will be renewed ? Black : We just premiered last week , and it 's just too early to know whether we 'll come back or not . We 've been fortunate . The press for the most part has been very good , and so now it 's a ratings game and we 'll wait and see how it does . CNN : You 've worked consistently since the early '90s , but there 's always the question of the big breakthrough . Your comedy might be too offbeat for the mainstream to get . Does that concern you ? Black : Well , it certainly concerns the people who hold my mortgage . They 're very concerned about it . They often say to me , "  Ca n't you be more mainstream ? " And the answer is , I do n't think so . I 've certainly tried . I can only be me . CNN : We 're getting very philosophical here . Black : Well , that goes along with my Jack Benny Projection Theorem . CNN : Are you working on anything else ? Black : I 'm writing a book and I 'm attempting to be a decent husband and father after not being home the last few months working on this television show . ... When you 're working the kind of hours a television show requires , you do n't see anybody but the people you work with . And as much as I love them , I do n't love them as much as my family .	Michael Ian Black now in "  Michael and Michael Have Issues " Comedy Central show features more of awkward comedy he 's known for In real life ? Black is uncomfortable with "  sincerity "
Washington  CNN  -- Myles Eaddy stands mystified at the edge of the baseball field along the first base line at Nationals Park while the New York Mets warm up for their evening game against the Nationals . His head traces the ball into the outfield with each crack of a bat . Nationals Park is one of several Major League Baseball parks that he has visited this summer with his Little League team , the Anderson Monarchs . As a tribute to Jackie Robinson and the Negro Leagues , the inner city team traveled back in time aboard a vintage 1947 Flxible Clipper touring bus , once used by the Newark Eagles , for the ultimate road trip . The three-week , 4,000-mile journey gave the team from South Philadelphia a glimpse at what Robinson and other players went through during the barnstorming days of the Negro Leagues . R.A. Dickey and the Zen of the knuckleball "  I 'll never forget this , " said 10-year-old Eaddy . "  It 's hard to explain . It 's really fun . I get to do all this stuff , meet all these people . It 's a once in a lifetime opportunity . " Along the cross-country trip , the Monarchs played games against local youth teams , met surviving players from the Negro Leagues and visited historic sites such as Robinson 's grave site in Brooklyn , the Field of Dreams in Iowa and the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City , Missouri . Then it 's back on the road in the sweltering heat on the un-air-conditioned bus with no electronic games to pass the time -- a reminder of the traveling conditions the early baseball pioneers endured . "  Just like those guys did , there 's a lot of card games , a lot of conversation , sitting and just staring out the window , " said head coach Steve Bandura . "  It 's been great , they 're not bored . " This week , the team was in Washington , D.C. , to play against another youth team in suburban Virginia . Their game attracted a special spectator : Mamie "  Peanut " Johnson , the only female pitcher in the Negro Leagues . Johnson wanted to meet the Monarchs ' only female player and the team 's No. 1 pitcher , 11-year-old Mo ` ne Davis , known for her sizzling fastball . "  I 'm glad to meet them , and I 'm glad to meet this young lady here because she reminds me a great deal of me , years ago , long time ago , " said Johnson , who played for the Indianapolis Clowns from 1953 to 1955 . "  It 's a joy to see her out there . It makes me feel good . " How church helped sign Jackie Robinson to Brooklyn Dodgers After the game , the team visited the Lincoln Memorial and stood where Marian Anderson , the namesake of their team 's rec center , performed her historic concert on Easter Sunday in 1939 . Still wearing their old-school uniforms with high socks , the team huddled around Bandura for a quick refresher on why they were there . The Daughters of the American Revolution forbade Anderson , the legendary contralto singer , to perform at Constitution Hall . But First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt invited Anderson to sing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial , he explained . "  We represent Marian Anderson , " Bandura told his team . "  We have the ` A ' on our hat and that 's what it 's there for . And that 's why I wanted to bring you guys here . " The next day it was back to baseball , including a visit with Washington Nationals standout shortstop Ian Desmond . "  This is great , you know . This is something these little guys will never forget in their lives , " Desmond said while passing out batting gloves to the Monarchs . "  When I was a kid I actually got to go to Cuba and the Dominican Republic , and to just experience baseball in a different way kind of makes you appreciate the hard times that people went through . " Eaddy said he does n't want the trip to end , even if things got a little hot and sticky on the road . "  It 's really hot . We always have to stick our heads out the window . The only time we get that much air is when we 're on the highway , " he said . "  I would like to stay on the bus every day , that 's how much history that bus has . " Ballplayers served country on battlegrounds The Monarchs have their own link to history -- their team is named for the Kansas City Monarchs , the Negro Leagues team where Robinson started , in the same city that hosted this year 's All-Star game . This year marks the 65th anniversary of Robinson becoming the first African-American to play Major League Baseball . "  We are the only African-American club in any of the tournaments and leagues we participate in , so Jackie Robinson has always been a role model for our kids , " Bandura said . "  We 're getting so much love everywhere we stop , which would have been a little bit different in 1947 I 'm sure , so that just shows how far we 've come . " The players in Bandura 's program start with T-ball and then go on to play basketball , soccer and baseball together . The commitment is year-round and includes dedicated parents , a rigorous schedule against competitive teams and focus on education . "  We did n't reinvent the wheel here , " Bandura said . "  This is what they 're doing in the suburbs every day ... all kids should have the opportunity to explore and develop their talents . " He said the goal is to get his players to college . The Monarchs wrapped the road series 8-4 . Their last stop is Cooperstown , New York , where they 'll attend the Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony on Sunday . "  It 's been awesome , " said Scott Bandura , the team 's catcher and the head coach 's son . "  I ca n't get enough of it . " Rare photos of Jackie Robinson , 65 years after his major league debut	The Anderson Monarchs are a Little League team from Philadelphia 's inner city They are touring the country to honor early African-American baseball players Their stops include historical sites and friendly games with youth leagues The team has also met members of the Negro Leagues
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The federal trial of a former Georgia Tech student accused of supporting terrorism came to a close Thursday with the defendant delivering his own closing argument . The FBI says Syed Haris Ahmed took casing video of the Pentagon and discussed attacks on the United States . Syed Haris Ahmed , charged with providing material support to terrorism in the United States and abroad , used the time to talk about his Muslim faith instead of addressing the evidence against him . "  I just want to convey the message of God , " Ahmed said . "  Any authority not derived from the authority of God is a state of rebellion , " he said . "  As a Muslim , it 's not right for me to use those laws to my benefit . " Ahmed cited verses and prayers from the Quran and spent a great deal of time comparing his religion with Christianity . "  We worship the same God , " Ahmed said . Ahmed , a naturalized United States citizen who was born in Pakistan , waived his right to a jury trial so he could make the statement during closing arguments . U.S. District Judge William Duffey will decide his case . "  Mr. Ahmed , this is somewhat different , " Duffey said at the end of Ahmed 's address . "  This is not a case about your faith , nor my faith . This is about your conduct . " The judge told Ahmed he would act according to the laws of the United States in deciding the case by considering the evidence . If convicted , Ahmed , 24 , could face 15 years in prison . "  The case is not about throwing bombs and shooting soldiers , but providing support for those activities , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert McBurney said in his closing argument . Prosecutors contend Ahmed and alleged co-conspirator Ehsanul Islam Sadequee traveled from Atlanta to Canada in March 2005 , and discussed potential attacks in the United States with three men they met online . Ahmed and Sadequee made "  casing videos " of landmarks in the Washington area during an April 2005 trip , McBurney said . The short , shaky videos were allegedly e-mailed to other co-conspirators and found on the hard drives of at least two men who were arrested on terrorism charges in the United Kingdom . Prosecutors also said Ahmed traveled to Pakistan in July 2005 with the goal of entering a terrorist training camp . "  The whole point is to get the terrorist before he gets to flight school and figures out how to fly a commercial airliner , " McBurney said . Before closing arguments , Defense Attorney Jack Martin argued the case should be dismissed . "  The evidence is very , very thin , " Martin said . During Martin 's motion for dismissal , Ahmed stood and made an objection to his attorney 's arguments . "  He 's giving a closing argument , " Ahmed said . "  I was told I would give a closing argument . " Martin finished his argument shortly thereafter . The motion for dismissal was denied . Martin wrapped up his case earlier Thursday after calling just two witnesses , Ahmed 's older sister and his father . Both testified Ahmed was searching for his Muslim identity . Throughout the trial , Martin has argued that his client is a shy , highly emotional young man . Martin said Ahmed moved to a suburban Atlanta neighborhood with his family when he was 12 . He did not have a religious mentor and turned to the Internet to find his identity as a Muslim , Martin said . Martin said there was never any agreement established with co-conspirators , just random thoughts . He said Ahmed 's actions were nothing more than "  childish fantasies . " Sadequee is expected to face the same charges in an August trial .	Defendant talks about his Muslim faith , not evidence , in closing argument Syed Haris Ahmed charged with providing material support to terrorists Prosecutors : Ahmed discussed potential U.S. attack targets in '05 trip to Canada Ahmed , 24 , is former Georgia Tech student who moved to suburban Atlanta at 12
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A 29-year-old man was arrested Thursday after screeners at the Philadelphia airport found flash powder and fireworks in his backpack , the Transportation Security Administration said . A federal criminal complaint accused Joseph Picklo of Dallas , Pennsylvania , of "  attempting to carry on an explosive device on a plane , " according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Philadelphia . A bomb squad was dispatched to the scene , said Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien . But there was "  no early indication of terrorism , " a federal law enforcement official said . Picklo was being screened for a United Airlines flight to San Francisco "  when a plastic bottle filled with an explosive substance was found in his luggage , " the release from the U.S. attorney said . He was stopped by TSA screeners after "  it was determined that  his  carry-on bag contained several prohibited items including a water bottle filled with flash powder and M-80 fireworks , " according to a TSA statement . Joe Sullivan , Philadelphia police counterterrorism inspector , said the plastic bottle was wrapped in black tape . The bomb squad responded in minutes and removed the material , which was being tested , Sullivan said . "  He said he was experimenting with the materials for a business he was starting . He said he forgot they were in his backpack . He told us he 's self-employed in sales , " Sullivan said . Philadelphia police took Picklo into custody and he was later transferred to federal custody , the U.S. attorney 's office said . A federal defender was appointed to represent him at an initial court appearance Thursday afternoon . Picklo , who must still be formally charged by indictment or information , is scheduled to return to court Friday afternoon . The incident occurred before 6 a.m. at a TSA checkpoint serving terminals D and E , said Victoria Lupica , spokeswoman for Philadelphia International Airport . The checkpoint was closed immediately after the item was detected , and passengers were diverted to terminal C , she said . The checkpoint reopened at 6:18 a.m. , and normal airport operations resumed , she said . Aircraft operations were not affected , Lupica said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Chris Dignam contributed to this report .	NEW : Joseph Picklo allegedly tried to carry "  an explosive device on a plane " TSA : Screeners find fireworks , flash powder in a man 's backpack Federal official says there are no early indications of terrorism Picklo was stopped by TSA agents before boarding a plane for San Fransico
CNN  -- Rutgers University has suspended a sorority after police charged six of its members in a hazing investigation . The North Carolina-based headquarters of the Sigma Gamma Rho sorority also suspended the chapter at Rutgers , in New Brunswick , New Jersey . That means the sorority has ceased to be officially recognized and can accept no new recruits while the investigation is under way . Police have charged six sorority members with aggravated hazing , which a police spokesman Friday called a possible "  indictable offense . " Rutgers Police Lt. Richard Dinan said the six women were taken to the Middlesex County Adult Correctional Facility , and bail was set at $ 1,500 for each . At least four of the woman have posted bail , he said . He declined to give details of the alleged hazing , but said one woman sought medical attention for non-life-threatening injuries . Dinan told The Star-Ledger newspaper in Newark Wednesday that there were at least three victims , but police may identify more victims and more suspects . He said four sorority members were arrested Tuesday and two more on Wednesday . He said the hazing occurred at a university student apartment building , but he declined to give the location . The hazing began about the middle of January and went on for eight days , he said . Dinan also told the newspaper that the alleged victims were "  unofficial pledges " because the alleged hazing did not occur during the university 's recognized pledge period . Sigma Gamma Rho is a recognized sorority , but it does not have a sorority house in New Brunswick , Dinan said . The police officer said five of the undergraduates charged were from New Jersey : Vanessa Adegbite , 21 , of Jersey City ; Joana Bernard , 21 , of West Orange ; Kesha Cheron , 20 , of Newark ; Shawna Ebanks , 21 , of East Orange ; and Marie Charles , 21 , of West Orange . Llana Warner , 20 , is from New York City . E. J. Miranda , a spokesman for Rutgers , said a student and her parents reported the alleged hazing to the university administration Tuesday . According to the university 's statement , "  After receiving this information , university officials contacted the police . " Miranda said he did n't know whether the sorority had had similar reports before . According to Rutgers , the university "  strictly prohibits all forms of hazing . Under the Code of Student Conduct , a student found to have engaged in hazing may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including expulsion . "	Members of Sigma Gamma Rho at Rutgers charged with aggravated hazing One woman sought medical attention for non-life-threatening injuries , police say Sorority chapter is suspended by university and by its national headquarters Alleged hazing occurred at university student apartment building , police say
CNN  -- The death toll from last month 's landslide in rural Washington state has risen to 33 , the Snohomish County medical examiner 's office said Monday . That count is up from 30 , which was the number given late last week . Twelve people are still missing , the county sheriff 's office said . A square mile of wet earth and rock rushed into the outskirts of the town of Oso in the North Cascade Mountains on March 22 . The slide came from a rain-saturated hillside along the north fork of the Stillaguamish River . Bodies were found in the debris , which is 70 feet thick in some places and an average of 30 feet over the disaster zone . Crews have been searching for people listed as missing . Of the 33 recovered bodies , 30 have been identified . The medical examiner 's office on Monday released the 30th name : Bill L. Spillers , 30 , of Arlington . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	12 people still are missing , authorities say Landslide happened in the North Cascade Mountains on March 22 Of 33 bodies recovered , 30 have been identified
CNN  -- Brazilian legend Pele once called soccer the "  beautiful game " and at its best it showcases the very pinnacle of human endeavor as nations and communities are united in the common goal of supporting their teams and heroes . But on the flip side , some of the worst of aspects of human behavior are on show for all to see and then subjected to immense media scrutiny to highlight the fallibility of our sporting icons . So in celebration of the "  dark side " CNN has compiled its First XI of soccer villains of the last decade . Three of them , Zinedine Zidane , Thierry Henry and Luis Figo , are worthy members of our nominated XI of soccer heroes , which just shows that triumph and disaster are twin imposters . See our First XI of soccer heroes . Do you agree ? Perhaps they can be excused because of the pressure of the modern game , while the rewards for victory or transferring to a rival club -- in Figo 's case one of the great "  betrayals " of all time -- are riches beyond ordinary fans ' dreams . Here is the Fanzone select eleven of Noughties soccer villains -- let Fanzone know what you think by adding your comment at the bottom of this page . 1 . Zinedine Zidane : Midfield supremo Zidane features at the very top of our football heroes of the decade but he also heads the list of villains for his infamous headbutt on Italy 's Marco Materazzi in extra time of the 2006 World Cup final . It was his final match and after he was sent off France lost the penalty shootout . A sorry end to a glittering career at club and international level . 2 . Thierry Henry : Henry went into France 's World Cup qualifying playoff against Ireland as one of the most respected footballers on the planet but by the end of the tie his reputation was in tatters . A deliberate handball set up the winning goal for France and sparked a worldwide debate on sporting ethics . Henry 's reputation has been tainted and he can expect a less-than-warm reception at South Africa 2010 . 3 . Rivaldo : Brazil midfielder Rivaldo was the driving force of their 2002 World Cup team with his much-admired cultured midfield play . Less admired was his blatant dive to feign injury at a critical stage of a group match against Turkey . Hakan Unsal was sent off as Brazil won the match and eventually went on to lift the trophy . Rivaldo 's play acting was rightly condemned and forever replayed as the worst example of its kind . 4 . Luis Figo : Portuguese international Figo was a hero with Barcelona 's fanatical fans during his five years with the Catalan giants , but when he defected to hated rivals Real Madrid for a world record fee in 2000 their vitriol was unmatched . In a derby match two years later the severed head of a pig was even thrown onto the pitch in his direction . He was never forgiven and spent the final years of career with Inter Milan in Serie A. 5 . Roy Keane : Manchester United hardman Keane felled Alfe-Inge Haaland of neighbors City in a 2001 derby in the final act of a feud dating back four years . The outspoken Irishman , who even walked out on his country 's 2002 World Cup bid , later admitted he had deliberately "  hurt " Haaland in revenge for an earlier incident . He received a lengthy ban but showed little remorse . 6 . Adrian Mutu : Star striker Mutu was promptly sacked by Chelsea when he gave a positive test for cocaine and many thought that was the end of the matter . Not so . The Premier League club promptly successfully sued the Romanian international for breach of contract for a record $ 25 million . Two legal appeals , with another in the pipeline , have so far failed , leaving Mutu heavily out of pocket for a few moments of indiscretion . 7 . Robert Hoyzer : German referee Hoyzer is another unworthy member of our hall of shame and rightly so after the former amateur player with Hertha Berlin admitted to working in tandem with an international betting ring to fix games , including a German Cup match involving SV Hamburg . Hoyzer was jailed for over two years and his revelations left a stain on Bundesliga football . 8 . Joey Barton : Newcastle 's Barton appeared to have the world at his feet when he made an appearance for England , but there was a darker side to the combative midfielder with reports of fights with fellow players and even fans . It came to a head in January 2008 when Barton was jailed for six months for what the judge said was a "  cowardly " assault in his native Liverpool . 9 . Zheng Zhi : Chinese captain Zheng Zhi has proved a popular performer in English fooball , but his contributions elsewhere are more questionable . He received a six-month ban from the AFC Champions League for spitting at a match official and during the 2006 World Cup his tackle left France 's Djibril Cisse with a broken leg . 10 . Rene Higuita : The former Colombian international goalkeeper became famous for his "  Scorpion Kick " clearance against England but in recent years he has cut a more controversial figure and was banned from Ecuadorean club football after testing positive for cocaine . He is good friends with the final member of our XI , Diego Maradona . 11 . Diego Maradona : By the standards of the 90s , this was a quiet decade for the Argentine soccer legend and the world held its collective breath as medical problems , almost certainly linked to his colorful past , caught up with him . Now the Argentina national coach , he took them to the World Cup finals with a last-gasp qualification and then promptly spoilt it all by earning a temporary worldwide ban from FIFA for abusing reporters after the crucial game .	Fanzone reflects on some of the most controversial and unsavory incidents of the last decade The leading stars of the "  beautiful game " have often let themselves down with moments of soccer madness Topping the list is Zinedine Zidane 's infamous headbutt in the 2006 World Cup final -- do you agree with our other selections ?
Southern Living  -- When I was 5 , my parents went to a conference on Hilton Head Island and let me tag along , leaving my brothers landlocked in central Mississippi . Two memories stand out from my first encounter with the watery majesty of this Southern icon . Hilton Head Island 's relaxed atmosphere is ideal for families . For starters , it 's the first place I ever heard the term "  market price . " Daddy encouraged me to eat whatever I wanted at restaurants -- no kid 's menu here -- so I tried my hand at swordfish . I figured anything so fresh they could n't put a price on it until the day it was served had to be good . And for years , I ordered based on that idea . From the right side of the menu . If it was fresh  and expensive  , it had to be the best . More boats than cars Second , water was everywhere . I 'd been to the beach before , but never an actual island . It seemed like Hilton Head had more boats than my hometown had cars . And even then , I understood that the marinas were the real lifeblood of the community . On my most recent visit to Hilton Head , my brothers and their wives joined me , while my parents stayed home with the gaggle of grandkids . The tables had turned . But I discovered a few constants remain : From fresh cobia  available only in May and June  to wild shrimp caught in local waters , ordering "  market price " from the menu is n't a bad way to go . Water is everywhere . And each marina celebrates the spirit of the island with its own special style . Explore them , one by one . SouthernLiving.com : A coastal S.C. retreat Harbour Town : The classic Known for its candy-striped , red-and-white lighthouse , the Harbour Town marina is easily the most-touristed waterfront on Hilton Head . Large yachts moor behind the newly expanded seawall , shops stock the requisite "  I heart Hilton Head " souvenirs , and water sport outfitters launch Jet Skis and hoist Para-Sails in Calibogue Sound . The waterside restaurants do n't shine for their innovative cuisine , but they 're worth a stop for the prime real estate -- westward-facing Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset . SouthernLiving.com : Top 10 budget getaways While there : Hard-bottomed Zodiac boats crouch closer to the water than a traditional boat does . We booked a one-hour tour with H2O Sports  www.h2osportsonline.com or -LSB- 843 -RSB- 671-4386  and spent the afternoon watching dolphins play . Broad Creek Marina : The local You do n't get more homegrown than Broad Creek , a modest port just off the Cross Island Parkway , where area residents drydock their boats . At Up the Creek Pub , a rickety seafood shack with killer views of the water , we stopped in for a bite  food = fried  and lingered on the deck for  my brother , Jeremy , might argue in spite of  the nightly strum-fest . www.broadcreekmarinahh.com or 843 681-3625 While there : Join Capt. John Maires , a huge Buffett fan with a sly smile , a weathered face , and a twinkling laugh , for a sunset sail on his 45-foot sloop Cheers . www.cheerscharters.com or 843 671-1800 South Beach : The beach bum I thought we were going to have to drag my always-up-for-a-good-time brother , Prentiss , away from South Beach . This laid-back harbor feels like a Northeastern-style fishing village , complete with blue clapboard buildings connected by a sprawling weathered deck . It 's New England meets Caribbean cool , polished with Southern charm . The omnipresent music ranges from Jimmy Buffett and Bob Marley by the DJ to jam-friendly local bands . Dancing is optional , but you wo n't want to be the only one left sitting . SouthernLiving.com : Great summer getaway While there : Rain or shine , locals and tourists mingle in the late afternoon over heavy-handed cocktails ; ice-cold brews ; and steaming , hot-boiled shrimp at the open-air Salty Dog Café  www.saltydog.com or -LSB- 843 -RSB- 363-2198  . Arrive early and snag a table ; they tend to fill up quickly . Shelter Cove Harbour : The unassuming naturalist The quiet Shelter Cove Harbour and neighboring Palmetto Dunes Resort  just across U.S. 278  , with upscale boutiques , smartly casual restaurants , and untainted Lowcountry views , ooze understated elegance without an ounce of priss . Capt. Scott Henry 's little Hurricane deckboat bobs among Goliath-sized mega-yachts but somehow does n't seem out of place . Lowcountry Nature Tours specializes in personalized , eco-friendly trips of Broad Creek and Calibogue Sound . www.lowcountrynaturetours.com or 843 683-0187 While there : The 11-mile saltwater lagoon system in Palmetto Dunes Resort is a maze of water courses , full of redfish , trout , and black drum . We rented kayaks for an early morning paddle through the tree-canopied canals . Palmetto Dunes Outfitters can hook you up with everything you need , from kayaks to private fly-fishing charters with Capt. Trent Malphrus.www.palmettodunes.com or 843 785-2449 Palmetto Bay Marina : The everyman With a working boatyard and a everyone-knows-your-name dockside bar  Captain Woody 's  , Palmetto Bay gives off a relaxed vibe that transcends labels such as "  local " and "  tourist . " Our group settled onto the patio at Black Marlin Bayside Grill for brunch -- a perfect place to dawdle on a lazy morning  -LSB- 843 -RSB- 785-4950  . My personal favorite : the shrimp hash -- a hearty combo of poached eggs , delicate shrimp and spicy sausage -- is like something you 'd expect for breakfast on board a fishing boat . My brother bogarted the sushi nachos with seared tuna and avocado . And the sisters-in-law did serious damage to the dessert-like bananas Foster French toast . While there : Reserve a spot on the PAU HANA or FLYING CIRCUS catamarans for a bring-your-own-picnic twilight cruise through the sound -- a trip highlight . www.hiltonheadisland.com/sailing or 843 686-2582 Skull Creek Marina : The seafood connection Local fish and shrimpboats unload their nets along the piers at Skull Creek , where a trio of restaurants , all with waterside dining , take advantage of the seasonal catch . Hudson 's On The Docks  www.hudsonsonthedocks.com or -LSB- 843 -RSB- 681-2772  is a perennial crowd-pleaser with down-home seafood platters . Charley 's Crab  http://www.muer.com/ or -LSB- 843 -RSB- 342-9066  , a khakis-and-button-down kind of place , delivers she-crab soup and fried green tomatoes with a shrimp-and-crawfish salsa . The vibrant Boathouse II , with great food , an extensive wine list , and an anything-goes attitude , suited us best . If cobia is in season , a local catch with the density of swordfish and the flakiness of cod , this is the place to try it . www.boathouserestaurant.net or 843 681-3663 While there : The Benny Hudson Seafood market is the go-to for fresh oysters from the nearby May River and wild American shrimp just off the boat . If you 're renting a house or condo , stock up to create your own locally inspired feast . 843 682-3474 Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset Broad Creek Marina is where area residents drydock their boats The harbor at South Beach feels like a Northeastern-style fishing village
CNN  -- Even though he 's being held in California , retired NFL star Darren Sharper was denied bail Thursday by a judge in Phoenix , Arizona , a spokesman for the Maricopa County Attorney 's office said . Sharper , a five-time Pro Bowl player , faces five counts of drugging and raping three women in Scottsdale , Arizona , in November . Sharper has been in jail in Los Angeles since February 27 facing similar charges . Thursday 's ruling in Arizona makes it more likely that Sharper will be denied bail in the California case as well . Sharper , 38 , was being held on $ 1 million bail connected with charges of drugging and raping two women in the Los Angeles area , but Judge Renee Korn removed the bail and ordered him to remain in jail in March when an Arizona grand jury indicted him . The alleged rapes in California occurred in January and last October , authorities said . Sharper is due in a Los Angeles courtroom on Friday . Authorities have said Sharper is under investigation in three other states -- Louisiana , Nevada and Florida -- in cases of alleged sexual assault . So far , he has been charged only in California and Arizona , and he maintains his innocence in those cases . New Orleans police have issued an arrest warrant for Sharper but he has not been extradited to Louisiana to face charges . The application for the arrest warrant says New Orleans detectives interviewed two women who said they were raped on September 23 . The two accusers told police they were so impaired they do n't recall "  the entirety of the sexual intercourse , " and that they never agreed to have sex . Shaper 's attorneys have said that he had consensual sex with the women . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career , tying for seventh all-time . He is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11 , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He was recently fired as an NFL Network analyst . Police : Sharper , friend told others of raping two women CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	Darren Sharper is under supicision in five states , but charged in two His attorneys have said he had cosensual sex He faces yet another court date Friday in Los Angeles Thursday 's development likely means he wo n't get bail in California either
CNN  -- The United States government 's hunger for information on Google users is continuing to rise . The tech company had more requests for user information in the first half of this year from the United States than any period before , according to the bi-annual Google transparency report released on Thursday . The United States government continues to make the most requests in the world for user data , with 10,918 requests for 21,683 user accounts during the first six months of 2013 . The United States also has the highest success rate at getting Google to comply with its requests . The search giant turned over user information for 83 % of the U.S. queries . India , Germany and France rounded out the top four , each making between 2,000 and 3,000 requests for user information . In its most recent transparency report , Google has done something different . It now breaks down U.S. criminal legal requests by type , showing what percentage of the orders are subpoenas , wiretap orders , warrants , PEN register orders , or emergency disclosures . The majority of requests were subpoenas , followed by warrants . There were seven wiretap requests . The numbers show how the volume of requests has increased steadily over time . The total amount of requests from all governments has doubled since Google started tracking them in 2009 . This is the company 's eighth transparency report since it started publicly sharing the statistics in 2010 . Google has led the way for tech companies with its transparency reports , which are becoming industry standard . After this year 's National Security Agency revelations , other companies including Facebook , Twitter , Yahoo and most recently Apple joined in and released their own similar reports . The companies have also petitioned the U.S. government to allow them to publish information on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act requests they field . Google continued to express frustration with the United States government for limiting what companies can disclose about national security requests . "  We believe it 's your right to know what kinds of requests and how many each government is making of us and other companies , " said Google legal director Richard Salgado in a blog post .	Google releases its eighth transparency report on Thursday Number of government requests has doubled since company started tracking in 2009 The report breaks down law enforcement request by type for the first time In the first half of 2013 , the U.S. made the most requests for user information
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Colombian tailor Miguel Caballero specializes in making garments that enable the wearer to get shot at point-blank range with nary an injury besides , maybe , a bruised ego . At-high-risk-of-catching-a-bullet demographics , such as rappers and politicians all over the world , rely on Miguel 's handiwork . And , lucky me , when I was recently in Bogota for VBS.TV covering a few stories , I had the chance to visit Miguel 's shop , learn about his protective clothing , and get shot in the gut by him . Seriously . Upon arriving at Miguel 's warehouse one sunny morning , I received a guided tour from a friendly office assistant . It all seemed totally benign -- sweet middle aged ladies stitching together jackets and blazers , smiling at me as I walked by . I could 've been at American Apparel 's Southern California warehouse . But when I sat down with Miguel and he got into the whole spiel about why he made the type of clothing he did , nervousness started to set in . Was this guy seriously going to put a thin jacket on me and then shoot me with a real live handgun ? The man is running a multimillion-dollar international business . Is he really so confident in his wares that he 's going to risk it all by potentially killing a novice American journalist on camera ? The answer was yes . But first he had to finish telling me about himself . Miguel explained his business model to me , and it was hard to dispute the logic . The world 's an increasingly dangerous place for political leaders and citizens alike . Miguel is simply combining the need for safety with the natural desire to look good . Watch more videos from around the globe on VBS.TV And judging by his success , I 'm not the only one who gets it . There were rumors that President Obama wore some of Miguel 's goods during his inauguration . Plus , look at the automobile industry . Not long ago , Hummers were the province of soldiers in combat . Today , they 're a staple of suburban strip malls . How long until Miguel 's pieces follow suit ? By this point , Miguel seemed very determined to prove the reliability of his products to me . I figured it would be somewhat staged : I 'd sign something , be ushered into a safe room , and he 'd fire a couple blanks into some military grade flak jacket . Thanks and good night . Instead , my new buddy Miguel popped the question mid-interview in his office . And it was n't really a question . I believe he said , "  Now we 'll do a demonstration with you . " Not exactly a request . He stood up from his desk , opened a drawer , and casually pulled out a .38 . This was happening very fast . He moved me over to the side of the room , outfitted me with some noise-reducing headphones , and offered me a black suede jacket . After instructing me to take a deep breath on "  1 " and prepare for a gunshot on "  3 , " he shot me in the gut on "  2 . " Obviously I lived to tell the tale . But -- most importantly -- I like to think that I looked damn good doing it .	Colombian tailor makes fashionable bulletproof clothing Rappers and politicians are among tailor Miguel Caballero 's clients VBS reporter "  volunteers " to test a jacket and gets shot in the gut with a .38
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier arrested in connection with the killing of a Mexican drug cartel member in El Paso , Texas , allegedly worked as a hit man , court records say . Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , is a soldier based at Fort Bliss . Pfc. Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday in connection with the shooting death of the mid-level drug cartel member who also worked as an informant for the United States , according to a complaint affidavit . Apodaca joined the Army a year ago and worked as a crew member on a Patriot missile launcher , officials at Fort Bliss in El Paso told CNN . "  He was in the top of his class , " said Dave Jackson , his grandfather . "  You talk to all his sergeants . He 's a good soldier . Now , before he went in  and joined the Army  , he was in , he was in with a bad crowd . " Police identified the other suspects as Ruben Rodriguez Dorado , 30 , and Christopher Andrew Duran , 17 . The three men each face one count of capital murder , El Paso police said . The victim , Jose Daniel Gonzalez Galeana , was shot multiple times in front of his home on May 15 . The three men are being held on $ 1 million bond . Duran and Rodriguez told police that Apodaca was paid to be the shooter , the affidavit states . Cell phone records , witness statements and El Paso Police detectives corroborated this , according to the document . Orders to kill Gonzalez came from the same cartel he worked for , the affidavit said . Gonzalez had become a target because the cartel believed he was leaking information to authorities , the document said . The victim and one of the suspects , Rodriguez , were in the Juarez cartel , based across the border from El Paso , police spokesman Chris Mears told CNN . Police believe that Apodaca and Duran were not cartel members , he said . The three arrested men 's phone records showed their approximate locations on the night of the killing , according to court documents . The pattern showed that the suspects were tracking Gonzalez and followed him to the scene of the crime , the affidavit states . During an interrogation , Rodriguez told investigators that he ordered Gonzalez 's execution and that he paid the participants for their role in the killing , the affidavit states . Apodaca joined the Army in September 2008 , according to a statement from Fort Bliss in El Paso . He is a member of the 11th Air Defense Artillery Brigade at Fort Bliss , the statement said . El Paso County District Court records show that Apodaca was arrested 10 days after Gonzalez 's killing and charged with attempted theft of property , a second-degree felony . He posted a $ 10,000 bond a few days later . CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	NEW : 18-year-old was "  a good soldier , " grandfather says U.S. soldier arrested in connection with killing of Mexican drug cartel member Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday Other suspects are Ruben Rodriguez Dorado and Christopher Andrew Duran
