CNN  -- Sure , lots of folks might be excited about a Twitter-like social network with no ads or annoying "  promoted tweets . " But would they pay for it ? The founders of App.net think so , and so far they 've found more than 10,000 people who agree with them . The startup promises a "  real-time feed " that will never be supported by ads . Instead , they 'll charge a fee that , at least for now , looks to be about $ 50 . That 's how much it took to support a Kickstarter-like fundraising campaign that has netted more than $ 670,000 and wraps up Monday . Founder and CEO Dalton Caldwell says he 's been disappointed by the advertising models of sites like Twitter and Facebook and thinks users will be willing to plunk down money for an alternative . "  If we 're selling a service , our customers are our users and our job is to make our users happy , " he said in a video promoting the service . "  If we have a free , ad-supported service , our customers are our advertisers and our job is to make our advertisers happy . "  I think that a lot of the friction we 're seeing from these disappointing services are just a reflection that all the financial incentive has to do with pleasing advertisers and not the user base . " The logic contains plenty of not-so-veiled swipes at both Twitter and Facebook . After gaining widespread popularity with no real means of making money , Twitter has begun selling promoted tweets , promoted trends and promoted accounts . But it 's also kept a firm grip on its ecosystem by not allowing much leeway for outside developers to tinker . Caldwell promises to do the opposite . The multibillion-dollar profits of Facebook come primarly from advertising , leading to a commonly repeated line that Caldwell appears to echo : "  If you 're not paying for a service , you 're not the customer -- you 're the product . " If that was n't clear enough , there 's also the bristly open letter Caldwell wrote to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg earlier this month , in which he pledges "  to never write another line of code for rotten-to-the-core ` platforms ' like Facebook or Twitter . " But the question remains : Will users be willing to pay to use a social network ? It would be a model that 's never been successful before . Michael Gartenberg , a tech-industry analyst with research firm Gartner Inc. , sees some potential . Avoiding ads and opening the service up to developers could offer a glimpse at what Twitter could have become if its creators took a different path , he said . "  I think people are getting hung up on the $ 50 thing right now , " said Gartenberg , who predicts that a membership fee for App.net will ultimately be less than that . "  It was about , ` Are people serious enough about this as an idea to put $ 50 on the line to help try to create the kind of service they want ? " The success of their fundraiser "  shows there 's definitely a demand , " he said . According to the fundraiser , $ 50 amounts to "  pre-paying a full year of ` member ' tier service . " Developers pay $ 100 , and big spenders who pony up $ 1,000 -- as of Monday morning , 60 folks had pledged that much -- get developer access , phone support and a meeting with Caldwell in San Francisco . This is n't Dalton 's first crack at social media . In 2003 , he co-founded iMeem , a social site on which users shared music and videos , and in 2010 launched PicPlz , a mobile photo app that allowed users to add visual effects . iMeem was acquired by Myspace and , in June , PicPlz announced it was shutting down as Facebook-aligned Instagram continued to dominate the photo-sharing space . Is App.net bound for the same fate ? Other efforts that generated initial buzz have faded . Most notably , Diaspora became one of Kickstarter 's first success stories , raising $ 200,000 in 2010 to launch a "  privacy-aware , " open-source alternative to Facebook . But it took months to actually launch and , two years later , remains a relatively tiny network that 's home only to the most dedicated techies . App.net "  is a really interesting experiment , " Gartenberg said . "  Time will tell if there 's a business here . But when Twitter started , I do n't think anyone knew there was a business there either . It was a way to tell people what you had for lunch . " App.net is currently open in an early "  alpha " version for donors . Caldwell emphasizes that a great deal of work needs to be done before the platform is finished . But he wanted to provide something to show backers that the service is on its way . "  Along these lines , there are still a great many questions that need to be answered before App.net should be thought of as an operating service , rather than just an alpha prototype , " he wrote .	App.net plans to offer an ad-free alternative to Twitter , but users will have to pay A Kickstarter-like fundraiser generated more than $ 670,000 to start up Charging fees lets the service focus on users , not advertisers , founder says Minimum donation was $ 50 , but analyst predicts that will get lower
CNN  -- It is almost miraculous that three women who have been missing for a decade have turned up . The story of Amanda Berry , who screamed for help and got the attention of a neighbor who broke down a door that set her and two other women free , is riveting . Police have already arrested three suspects . As details emerge in the coming days , many people are asking : How could something like this happen ? Why did the police not find them earlier ? There are far more questions than answers at this point . Although the terms abduction and missing have become almost synonymous , they are not quite the same . In sexually motivated abduction cases , the child is usually returned before anyone had time to note the child was even missing . The motivation is easier to evaluate , and the investigation usually focuses primarily on any sexual assault . In long-term missing/abduction cases , the motivation is harder to evaluate , and the investigation usually focuses more on finding the "  missing " child . Such cases are among the most difficult , frustrating and emotionally draining for law enforcement . Children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons  e.g. , runaway , throwaway , lost , injured , etc.  other than abduction and can be abducted for a wide variety of motivations  profit , ransom , custodial disputes , etc.  other than sex . For long-separated families , reunions can be a struggle What investigators are often presented with is simply the fact that a child is missing -- the child did not return home as expected . Family and friends want an immediate and aggressive response by law enforcement with the issuing of Amber Alerts . Law enforcement , however , must consider and evaluate all possibilities . Especially in cases involving teenagers or families living a chaotic lifestyle , determining that an abduction even took place can be difficult . It is simply not possible or reasonable for law enforcement to respond to every missing child case as if it were a sexually motivated nonfamily abduction . The vast majority of missing children are missing because they were runaways , lost , accidentally injured or gone for a variety of benign reasons  e.g. , lost track of time  . A runaway or lured-away child , however , can easily become an abducted child when prevented from returning home . In sexually motivated abduction cases , a child will usually be held only long enough for the offender to engage in some amount of sexual activity . A few sex offenders , however , seem to want to believe they will live happily ever after with their abducted victim as a sex partner . In a few cases  e.g. , Elizabeth Smart , Tara Burke , Jaycee Dugard , Shawn Hornbeck and Steven Stayner  victims have surfaced alive many months or years after being abducted . Many parents of long missing children understandably pray that their children are among such victims . In cases in which the victims are held and kept alive long term , the offender must have a method of control beyond just typical threats and violence . In my experience , this has sometimes involved the assistance of one or more accomplices or the use of physical controls such as a remote location , soundproof room , underground chamber or elaborate restraining devices . It also usually involves an evolving and changing relationship between the offender and the child victim . The offender gradually moves from being a stranger using force to an acquaintance using seduction to a father-like or domestic figure using a family-like bond . In some cases in which I have been involved , victims have been left alone , were poorly guarded , did not try to escape or seemed almost compliant in a variety of ways in their victimization . Victims may even feel guilt , shame and embarrassment or blame themselves as a result of this . In my opinion , the victims who survived the odds did the right thing , whatever it was . The Patty Hearst case is one in which society and the criminal justice system struggled with abduction victim accountability for behavior that helped lead to survival . Some prefer to explain this as being the result of a mysterious process called "  brainwashing " or the "  Stockholm Syndrome . " I see it as a perfectly understandable result of adult/child interaction and influence over time . A survival and interdependency bond may develop . It is a kind of adaptation or learned helplessness . This process can vary significantly based on the personality characteristics of both the offender and victim . The case of the three Cleveland women who have escaped their captor after so long is inspiring and offers hope for other cases . But most long-term nonfamily-child abduction cases , unfortunately , do not have such happy endings . However , that should not prevent the continuing efforts to resolve them . The greatest accomplishment of almost any law enforcement investigator would be to be able to return a missing child to his or her parents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenneth V. Lanning .	Kenneth Lanning : It is almost miraculous that three women missing for a decade turned up Lanning : Long-term missing cases are the most difficult and draining for law enforcement He says majority of missing kids go missing because they were runaways , lost or injured Cleveland case inspiring , but most long-term abduction cases do n't end happily , he says
CNN  -- One week after an all-too-real scene befitting a movie played out on the famed Las Vegas Strip -- a pre-dawn shooting that sparked a deadly , fiery crash -- the man authorities suspect started it all is finally under arrest . Ammar Asim Faruq Harris , 26 , was apprehended around noon  3 p.m. ET  on Thursday in North Hollywood , California , said FBI spokeswoman Lourdes Arocho . FBI agents and members of the Los Angeles Police Department 's Fugitive Task Force made the arrest , according to Arocho . Harris was detained "  without incident " in the Los Angeles neighborhood and will be held pending extradition proceedings , Las Vegas police said in a news release . "  Mr. Harris is in custody , and that 's where we hope to keep him , " said Las Vegas police Lt. Ray Steiber . This all went down 275 miles southwest from where , authorities say , Harris was at the wheel of a black Range Rover around 4:15 a.m. last Thursday when he pulled up to a Maserati and yelled at its driver , Kenneth Cherry , an aspiring rapper known as Kenny Clutch , a witness said , according to the arrest warrant . The Maserati 's driver opened his window and the two then had a "  very brief exchange " before the light turned green and they headed off . A few minutes later , the Range Rover 's driver opened fire -- in two separate bursts -- at the Maserati , which was heading north on Las Vegas Boulevard , authorities said . The sequence ended with Cherry shot in the chest and arm . His vehicle collided with a taxi , which caught fire . The crash killed cab driver Michael Boldon and a passenger , Washington state resident Sandra Sutton-Wasmund . The 27-year-old Cherry later died at a hospital . "  I ca n't imagine anything more serious than firing a weapon from a moving vehicle into another moving vehicle on a corner such as Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo , " Clark County District Attorney Steven Wolfson said Thursday . "  That is reckless . It disregards human life . " The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department identified Harris as the shooting suspect on Saturday , at which time they said his vehicle had been impounded . He had an "  extensive and violent criminal history " and was considered armed and dangerous , according to police . Harris is charged with three counts of murder and "  other attendant felonies , " according to Wolfson . The 11 charges include firing at a vehicle , firing from a vehicle and attempted murder , the criminal complaint states . Additional charges could be coming . Las Vegas Strip shooting suspect named , car impounded The whole scene played out February 21 in the middle of the Las Vegas tourist hub , closing a block and a half of the well-known boulevard near some of the Nevada city 's biggest draws -- Caesars Palace , the Bellagio , Bally 's and the Flamingo . Seventeen years earlier , legendary rapper Tupac Shakur was shot dead two blocks from the accident scene . On Tuesday , police said they looking for a woman in connection with the latest shooting , adding that she was believed to be inside the Range Rover when the shots were fired . At the time , they characterized her as missing and possibly endangered . The photos they released , however , showed the wrong woman . Earlier Thursday , Las Vegas police said they no longer considered the woman -- identified as Yenesis Alfonso , also known as Tineesha Howard -- "  a missing person or a person of interest . " A woman who identified herself as Howard 's mother told CNN that her daughter and Harris have been girlfriend and boyfriend for about a year . Steiber said this woman indeed had been in the Range Rover that Thursday morning with Harris and "  is safe . " She and two other passengers in the vehicle "  are not suspects " and authorities currently do not have any plans to charge them , the lieutenant said . As to Harris , the local district attorney said all the information compiled thus far -- especially shooting into such a busy intersection , endangering an untold number of innocent people -- will be weighed in a decision on whether to seek the death penalty . "  There are certain consequences when you engage in that kind of behavior , " Wolfson said . "  Thank God only three people lost their lives ... It could have been worse . " Las Vegas police issue wrong photographs of ` person of interest '	NEW : Two drivers had a "  brief exchange " before one opened fire , arrest warrant says Police say Ammar Harris , 26 , fired at a Maserati , which then crashed into a taxi in Las Vegas Facing 11 charges , Harris is arrested "  without incident " in Los Angeles , police say Three others in his Range Rover with Harris "  are not suspects , " a police lieutenant says
CNN  -- "  Vote as if your life depends on it . " Those are the final words of an ominous new Web video that features footage of an American flag being burned and attacks President Barack Obama , saying he is "  willfully blind to the threats we face . " The ad , set to be released Thursday -- the 13th anniversary of 9/11 -- is being paid for by a super PAC led by John Bolton , who was a U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under George W. Bush 's administration . Obama outlines ISIS strategy : Airstrikes in Syria , more U.S. troops Set to run Thursday and Friday , the $ 138,000 ad buy targets states with key Senate races , including Arkansas , Alaska , New Hampshire , Iowa , Louisiana and Colorado , and also the District of Columbia . It 's the largest media buy the super PAC has made this cycle . "  Politicians say Americans do n't vote on national security issues , " the narrator says in the Web video . "  They are wrong . We are living in a dangerous world . Threats to America are looming everywhere . "  President Obama has been willfully blind to the threats we face , " the narrator continues . "  When it comes to defending America , reject leadership that is weak , indecisive and apologetic . This November , vote as if your life depends on it . " Bolton 's group has been active in this year 's midterm elections , seeking to keep national security a top priority . With an eye on 2016 , Bolton himself has left the door open to running for president . Terror fears could help GOP in midterms His group has raised $ 1.4 million this cycle , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . In a prime-time address Wednesday night , the President announced that the U.S. will lead a coalition to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS "  wherever they exist . "	John Bolton 's super PAC is making a sizable ad buy for the 2014 midterm elections The ad attacks President Obama , accusing him of being weak Bolton 's group wants national security to be a focus in 2014
CNN  -- Tom Daley wanted the world to hear the truth straight from his mouth . The 19-year-old diver , who was one of Britain 's heart-throb poster-boys for the London 2012 Olympics , took to YouTube Monday to reveal he is in a relationship with a man . After complaining that he had been misquoted in an interview over his sexuality , Daley recorded a five-minute clip before tweeting : "  Got something I need to say ... not been an easy decision to make , hope you can support me ! : . " In the short video , he said : "  In spring this year my life changed massively when I met someone , and they make me feel so happy , so safe and everything just feels great . "  That someone is a guy . " Earlier this year , in September , the London 2012 bronze medalist was voted the world 's sexiest man by leading gay magazine , Attitude . While Daley has always been cautious in commenting on his private life , he felt the time was right to make the revelation after being angered by quotes attributed to him in a recent interview . He said : "  One thing I consider to be pretty important is having a private life and you 're probably thinking , ` Why did you do a book , why did you do a documentary ? ' "  In an ideal world I would n't be doing this video because it would n't matter , but recently I was misquoted in an interview and it made me feel really angry . "  For me honesty is important and I 've always been honest . I may have been vague in some of my answers , but I 've always been honest . "  One thing I 've never really felt that comfortable with talking about is relationships . I 've never really had a serious relationship to talk about . " Daley said he has been dating the man for several months . "  It did take me by surprise a little bit , " he said . "  I did have in the back of my mind that something like that could happen . "  It was n't until spring this year that something just clicked and felt right . My whole world just changed there and then . "  Of course I still fancy girls . Right now I 'm dating a guy and could n't be happier . I feel safe and it really does just feel right . People are going to have their own opinions and I think people are going to make a big deal about this . "  Is it a big deal ? I do n't think so . I wanted to say something and I feel like now I am ready to do it . " Daley shot to prominence in 2008 after reaching the finals of both the individual 10-meter platform and 10-meter platform synchro events at the Beijing Olympics at the age of 14 . He has since go on to establish himself as a celebrity both in and out of the diving arena , gaining over 2.4 million Twitter followers and even having his own television show in the UK , called "  Splash . " His life in the public eye has not come without its problems . Daley suffered bullying at school and was subjected to vile online abuse last year after placing fourth in the synchro event at London 2012 , before bouncing back to stand on the podium in the individual competition . He also lost his father Rob in 2011 following a five-year battle with cancer . But Daley says his announcement would not have been a problem for his father , although he does concede there have been "  mixed opinions " within his family . "  People think : what would your dad say ? He always said to me , ` As long as you are happy , I 'm happy . ' And right now I could n't be happier . "  My mum  Debbie  has been so supportive as well . All the friends and family I have told have been so supportive , which has been great . "  I told the rest of my family today , and let 's just say they had mixed opinions . Lots of them did not believe it . Lots of them wanted me to keep it quiet . "  I did n't want to get my words twisted . I wanted to put an end to all the rumors and speculation , and just say it and tell you guys . It 's what I want to do . "  My friends and family are always there to support me . And I hope you guys can be too . I mean I 'm still Tom , I still want to win an Olympic gold medal in Rio 2016 for Great Britain . I am still as motivated as ever to do that . It would be great to have you guys on that journey , too . " Daley will now head to Houston , Texas , for the Team GB training camp until Christmas . He follows other leading divers in making a public statement about their sexuality . Australia 's Matthew Mitcham announced he was homosexual before he won gold in Beijing , while four-time Olympic champion Greg Louganis came out as gay after quitting the sport in 1995 .	British diving star Tom Daley reveals he is in a gay relationship The 19-year-old announces the news in a YouTube clip Daley says he is still attracted to girls , but has never been happier He won bronze medal at the London Olympics in the 10-meter platform
London  CNN  -- In recent days , rogue Afghan security forces have killed six servicemen from the NATO-led military coalition , pushing the number of such fatalities past 50 in a single year for the first time . The death toll highlights one of the biggest challenges facing the coalition as it nears the end of its role in Afghanistan 's war . These killings , known as "  green-on-blue " or "  insider attacks , " have increased substantially within the past two years , accounting for 14 % of coalition casualties in 2012 . Though statistically small compared to the numbers of IED-related  roadside bomb  deaths , these attacks have a significant impact on the coalition 's mission in Afghanistan . The two provinces burdened with the bulk of green-on-blue attacks are Helmand and Kandahar . It is no coincidence that these areas are where the Taliban are strongest , and where the country 's highest levels of opium poppy cultivation help fund the insurgency . Green-on-blue attacks began to accelerate in 2011 , just after U.S. President Barack Obama announced his plan to pull U.S. forces out of Afghanistan and end combat operations in 2014 , transferring security responsibilities to the Afghan forces . The success of the transition from NATO-led to Afghan-led forces depends on the competence and commitment of the Afghan National Army and Afghan National Police . But the Taliban , operating from safe havens in Pakistan , say they have stepped up efforts to infiltrate both groups , and regularly claim responsibility for each incident . The spread of green-on-blue attacks has left coalition forces increasingly suspicious of the Afghan forces they are training and fighting alongside . News : U.S. restricts Afghan operations after ` green-on-blue ' killings Some Afghans in government believe that insider attacks are based on resentment towards coalition forces based on the increasing number of civilian deaths after more than a decade of the Taliban insurgency . In a step towards the transition , Afghanistan and the U.S. have reached a deal to curb night raids on Afghan homes , giving Kabul a veto over the operations , which are unpopular with local people . But although cultural and social differences may play a role in the increase in attacks , defections by Afghan security , sometimes motivated by economic reasons , play a far more significant part in the green-on-blue attacks . The U.S. military has tried to take action to prevent attacks by Afghan forces , appointing monitors to provide security for troops working with Afghans , boosting its counterintelligence infrastructure in Afghanistan , adopting an eight-step vetting process for Afghan recruits and revising the training they receive . In addition all U.S. and NATO troops were recently ordered to carry loaded weapons at all times . So far , though , none of these strategies appear to be stemming flow of violence , only serving to increase the trust deficit between coalition and Afghan forces The Taliban have utilized green-on-blue attacks in their propaganda : Last month , Mullah Omar , leader of the Taliban faction known as the Quetta Shura , claimed the Taliban had "  cleverly infiltrated in the ranks of the enemy " and encouraged Afghan government officials and security personnel to defect to the Taliban as a matter of religious obligation . One could argue the Taliban communicate better with the Afghan people than coalition troops , distributing internet videos through websites and mobile phones , which are becoming omnipresent -- more than half of the Afghan population is reported to own a cellphone . The anti-Islam video which went viral this month created a spark that quickly spread , engulfing the Islamic world in anger , with radical militant groups fanning the flames . Recent events provide reminders of what happened when the Danish Jyllands-Posten newspaper published controversial cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 , triggering mass protests across the Islamic world and inspiring several terrorist plots . But the video may have even greater long-term consequences than the cartoons , especially in the age of new media . Once a video goes viral , it can not be contained . The item may be taken down from some websites but it will be uploaded on others . It can be edited , altered , re-imagined , and sent instantaneously to fuel tensions and exacerbate problems . The Taliban may use this video to provoke resentment within the Afghan security forces on the one hand , and increase anti-Western sentiment on the other hand , potentially contributing to further green-on-blue attacks . The Taliban 's aim seems to be to wear out coalition forces before the handover , and to diminish the West 's credibility among the local population . They know the coalition 's limitations and have been emboldened by the scheduled withdrawal of foreign forces . News : Quarter of Afghan insider attacks by Taliban , according to general Coalition forces may be content to contain the Taliban threat to a "  manageable level " before they leave , but this adversely affects their efficacy in the eyes of the Afghan populace . The Taliban have numerous advantages over coalition forces in Afghanistan : They have a wide recruiting base , and thanks to the drug trade they can pay recruits better than the Afghan army or police , giving them greater staying power . The number of volunteers seems to be increasing on a daily basis . It 's worth remembering that the Taliban is not a homogenous group : It has many factions and is a mixture of characters from ideologues , warlords and land owners to criminals , drug dealers and people out of work . The displaced and disillusioned followers of the Taliban were molded by their country 's history of violence , and the coalition 's desire for a peaceful but quick resolution has resulted in a cheap , flawed peace initiative . The Taliban realize the West is under pressure and do not feel any desire or need to seriously negotiate when they can simply bide their time and wait for the withdrawal of troops to stake their claim to control Afghanistan in the future . The scheduled withdrawal of foreign forces means they do not need to make any commitment to prevent al Qaeda and its affiliates from returning , to halt the opium trade or to improve the rights of women . What the coalition does not seem to realize is that by firstly advertising their departure date in advance and secondly holding firm to their withdrawal timeline , they have complicated the situation and worsened the damage . Clearly , the hope of talking to the Taliban has failed . They are far from being contained and instead feel they are in the ascendency . Despite the enormous security problems that exist -- suicide bombings , IED attacks , and green-on-blue incidents -- abandoning Afghanistan will create lasting consequences . Not only will the Taliban reassert its authority throughout the south of the country through , fear , repression and discrimination , Afghanistan will again revert to becoming a cesspool for terrorist groups like al Qaeda . In addition , the cultivation of opium poppies will turn parts of Afghanistan into a narco-state controlled and sanctioned by the Taliban , providing resources to a terrorist infrastructure in Afghanistan and safe havens in neighboring Pakistan to plot and plan attacks across the globe , making the situation potentially more vulnerable than it was before the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Read more about green-on-blue attacks on CNN 's Security Clearance blog The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Sajjan Gohel .	More than 50 coalition troops have been killed in "  insider attacks " in 2012 Attacks -- by Afghan police and soldiers -- have damaged trust between the two forces Taliban using green-on-blue attacks as propaganda Gohel : Anti-Islam video may provoke further attacks
CNN  -- Following a period of freak-out on the Internet on Monday , Facebook appears to have pulled a controversial feature that let the social network 's users get a digital list of other Facebookers nearby . The "  Find Friends Nearby " feature was not accessible in a CNN test on Tuesday morning , and other media outlets , including CNET , reported that Facebook had pulled the service . In a statement e-mailed to CNN , a Facebook spokeswoman declined to elaborate . "  This was n't a formal release -- this was something that a few engineers were testing , " the spokeswoman wrote . "  With all tests , some get released as full products , others do n't . Nothing more to say on this for now -- we 'll communicate to everyone when there is something to say . " When Facebook users logged on to the Find Friends Nearby site , they were supposed to be able to see friends and other Facebook users who were in close proximity . Facebook users did not show up on those location-aware lists unless they intentionally logged into that site , which was accessible on Monday at http://fb.com/ffn . The site came to the public 's attention on Sunday after news of the feature was leaked to the tech press , according to news reports . A Facebook engineer who claimed to have designed the feature said in a message to the blog TechCrunch that it could be used to quickly look up and "  friend " someone who you 'd met in person . "  For me , the ideal use case for this product is the one where when you 're out with a group of people whom you 've recently met and want to stay in contact with , " that developer , Ryan Patterson , wrote . "  Facebook search might be effective , or sharing your vanity addresses or business cards , but this tool provides a really easy way to exchange contact information with multiple people with minimal friction . " Patterson wrote that he developed the app as part of a coding competition , or hackathon . "  Social discovery " apps like Highlight and Glancee , which Facebook recently purchased , already perform similar functions and have not been hit with the same backlash Facebook received . Facebook says it was "  testing " the feature and that it had not become a formal part of the site , despite the fact that it was available online on Monday . The company had not promoted the feature . "  We are constantly testing new features but have nothing more to share at this time , " a company spokeswoman told CNN in an e-mail on Monday . The blog ReadWriteWeb dubbed the feature a "  stalking app , " and news of Find Friends Nearby received a cold reception on the Internet , where Twitter users and bloggers panned the idea -- saying Twitter-y things like "  Hell to the naw , " "  Oh lawd ! " and "  BAD FACEBOOK !! " Furthermore , a company called Friendthem claimed Monday that Facebook had stolen its concept and was threatening the much-larger social network with a lawsuit . "  I was amazed on Sunday to read that Facebook is blatantly stealing our idea with what they are calling , ` Find Friends Nearby , ' " Friendthem CEO Charles Sankowich said in a statement posted on VentureBeat and on other tech news sites . What do you think of the idea of knowing which Facebook users are nearby ? Could this be useful for finding new friends and looking up new contacts ? Or does it cross a line in terms of privacy ?	Facebook pulls ` Find Friends Nearby ' feature The feature , called a "  stalking app " by one site , let Facebook users see a list of people nearby Facebook users had to be logged in to the site to appear on the lists Internet users blasted the feature as an invasion of privacy
Six suspected militants were killed in a drone strike in Miranshah Tehsil in North Waziristan , Pakistan , local tribesmen and Pakistani intelligence sources not authorized to speak to media told CNN on Wednesday . The drone struck a house and a pickup truck in the Daraga Mandi area of Miranshah , they said . On Thursday Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , Tasnim Aslamm confirmed to reporters that a U.S. drone struck , and stressed that Pakistan condemns such action . Wednesday 's strike was the third drone attack in the area this month . Two previous attacks in June killed top Haqqani network commanders and Central Asian militants . A reporter asked Aslam about the timing of the latest strike . "  Are you implying that these attacks have been coordinated ? " Aslam answered . "  If that is the case then you are wrong . There is no way we condone these attacks . We have condemned them . You know that the government of Pakistan has taken a number of steps to generate international public opinion against drone strikes . " A Pakistani government release reiterated that "  Pakistan regards such strikes as a violation of its sovereignty and territorial integrity . These strikes also have a negative impact on the government 's efforts to bring peace and stability in Pakistan and the region . "	NEW : Pakistan 's government condemns drone strike that hit Wednesday Six suspected militants were killed in strike in North Waziristan , sources say The latest strike was the third drone attack in the area this month
Libreville , Gabon  CNN  -- Deep and heavy beats vibrate large subwoofer speakers , hip hop artists grab the mic with one hand and gesture passionately with the other as thousands of fans rap along and dance in unison . You would be forgiven for thinking this was a typical urban concert in the U.S. -- but it 's thousands of miles away in the tiny African nation of Gabon . I 've journeyed to this equatorial country for "  Inside Africa " to find out why the Gabonese are such faithful followers of the American hip hop scene and its culture , I also want to know what makes contemporary music here different from other African nations . My first stop is 104.5 Urban FM , one of the most popular radio stations in the country . Two outspoken women , Jna  pronounced Gina  O'djino and Ingrid Wani are local hip hop critics appearing as special guests on a daily program hosted by station manager Didier DeFreshman . As they list popular rappers I realize Gabonese stage names mimic U.S. stars ; Amenem is an up and coming rapper channeling the street credibility of Grammy-winning artist Eminem ; Tina is a fierce female rapper comparable to Trina in the U.S. . Meanwhile , muted music videos play on the walls showing off exotic cars and scantily clad women gyrating suggestively . Turn up the volume and lyrics in French and Fang  Gabon 's indigenous language  prove this is a local interpretation or better yet , an African remix of American hip hop . Read also : Meeting Senegal 's octogenarian star Between moments of playful banter , the radio team discuss the days most requested artist ; Ba'Ponga . He personifies a major difference between U.S. and Gabonese music - no royalties ! This lack of additional income from selling music means most artists need a day job . So even though Ba'Ponga has been performing since the 1990 's and is well known here , he still has to work weekdays in an office . We go there to meet him . Ba'Ponga is an intimidating figure , six-feet tall or more with a large full frame but dressed casually . Working at Gabon 's Ministry of Culture he certainly stands out among men and women in suits . He 's helping the government in its effort to reach out to Gabonese youth and convince them that the future of the nation is directly tied to their actions . In fact , that inspirational message is the cornerstone of Ba'Ponga 's music . He tells me he 's simply emulating what U.S. rappers do ; talk about humble beginnings , challenges , downfalls and motivate anyone in a similar situation to rise above it . For its part , the Gabonese government is becoming more sophisticated in how it uses music to communicate that message , partly because its President is n't shy when it comes to singing and rapping . Back in 1977 current President Ali Bongo Ondimba released a soulful and funky album titled "  A brand new man ' "  under the name "  Alain Bongo . " On the LP he sounds like James Brown , which is understandable considering the Godfather of Soul 's former manager helped him record it . Read also : Discovering the real Zambia In 2009 , while Ali was running to replace his late father Omar Bongo Ondimba  Africa 's longest serving leader  he updated his musical repertoire . Videos on YouTube reveal a rapping Ali Bongo bouncing on stage with Gabon 's hip-hop community . During this campaign , Ali portrayed himself as "  Le candidat des jeunes , ' " the youthful candidate . It worked - he won . On the day of my hip hop tour of Gabon , the government sponsored a free streetside concert with Amenem , Tina and Ba'Ponga warming up the stage for Senegalese-born U.S hip-hop star Akon . This was n't just for young people , parents brought their toddlers , kids were arm-in-arm and absent was the macho bumping of shoulders and territorial stares common at other hip-hop events . I realise that for Gabon , hip hop music is not only about hope but unity as well . A small nation of only 1.5 million people means relationships are incredibly important , community invaluable . Artists have to work harder and be more creative since there is a smaller market in which to thrive . This is what makes urban Gabonese music unique , responsive and a genuine beat of Africa 's true heart .	CNN 's Errol Barnett takes a hip hop cultural tour in Gabon . He visited Urban FM radio to learn about the African remix of American hip hop . Barnett met Ba'Ponga , a local hip hop star who uses music to reach disaffected youth . For Gabonese , hip hop music is not only about hope but unity , finds Barnett .
CNN  -- The brain is one of the last great frontiers of science . For all it does for us -- driving our thoughts , actions , perceptions and making us who we are -- we understand very little about how it works , its underlying biochemistry . We know a fair amount about what parts of the brain are involved in particular functions from studies that track blood flow to reveal the locations of brain activity during certain behaviors or processes . We know that the back of the brain , the cerebellum , keeps us upright and is involved in coordinated movement . We know that the sides of the brain , the temporal cortex , is involved in primary auditory processing , allowing us to hear words and send them into higher language processing centers . And we know the area toward the front of the brain is where complex thought and decision-making occur . But taking a deeper look into the brain , beyond these broad areas of function , there is a great deal that is far less understood . The brain is incredibly complex , with about 86 billion nerve cells , called neurons , forming about 100 trillion connections , all working in concert to drive our thoughts , emotions , reactions and interactions with the world around us . Each neuron is largely unique , driven by fundamental properties of its underlying biochemistry -- proteins controlling everything the nervous system has to do . All these proteins are encoded by our genome , comprising roughly 25,000 genes encoded in our DNA . The nature and activity of a given neuron is dictated by which of these 25,000 genes are turned on and to what level . TED.com : A light switch for neurons How does it all work ? What are the roles of each neuron and how are they connected to our ultimate experience with the world ? To answer these questions , we are seeking to understand which of our 25,000 genes are turned on in the brain , and where . To this end , we have created a free online resource accessible to anyone , anywhere , anytime : the Allen Human Brain Atlas . The brain mapping process is complex and visually captivating , starting with a fresh , whole brain in the lab through to the molecular magnets that detect activity , or expression , of individual genes , and the subsequent informatics used to render this information into a meaningful piece of software that can be used to analyze the brain in more detail than we have ever had access to . In 2006 we completed a map of the mouse brain . The mouse is the most common model for studying the mammalian brain , with the same basic parts and organization . The Allen Mouse Brain Atlas is used every day by thousands of scientists around the world . Creating this atlas put us in the unique position to tackle the challenges inherent in mapping the human brain . Our laboratory receives fresh human brains that satisfy strict criteria -- no history of neurologic or psychiatric disease , no drug or alcohol abuse , and no brain damage occurring at death , among other criteria . We collect 3-D , MRI-based images of each whole brain to serve as a "  scaffolding " from which we later map the gene expression information . Brains must be evaluated , imaged and frozen within 24 hours after death to preserve the signal we need to measure . The brain is then sliced very thinly â $ " 25 micrometers thick , thinner than a human hair â $ " and sections are transferred to microscope slides , which are stained and analyzed for clusters and distributions of brain cells that provide a reference , kind of like a rough road map , to identify distinct regions in the brain . TED.com : How to re-engineer a brain We then take samples from each of these distinct regions  more than 1,000 of them  , purify the RNA -- the signal indicating if a gene is turned on -- and obtain a readout of the level of activity of each gene for each area . This method gives us roughly 50 million data points for each human brain . We put all that together into a single interactive database with meaningful search and visualization tools that are all freely available online at human.brain-map . org . The goal is that this database will speed discovery , launching us into a new era of understanding of the human brain . Direct applications will be fruitful in areas like drug discovery , enhancing efficacy and reducing side effects of drugs for mental illness and disease . Further , we can start to connect the "  what " to the "  where " of gene expression in the brain , elucidating common pathways and beginning to unravel the mysteries of the inner workings of the brain 's underlying biochemistry . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Allan Jones .	Allan Jones : We understand very little about how the brain works He says his organization is trying to unravel the secrets of this incredibly complex organ The institute is mapping activity in the human brain as a tool for researchers He says the work 's practical benefits may include developing and understanding drugs
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- As outrage mounted over the assassination this week of an opposition leader , Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali vowed Friday to press on with his plan to form a caretaker government composed of technocrats . Speaking from his residence in the Tunis suburb of Carthage , Jebali denied his moderate religious Ennahda Party had anything to do with the shooting death Wednesday morning of Chokri Belaid . Jebali said he hoped to get approval for his plan from the Ennahda Party and other parties "  because this is a guarantee or , let 's say , more guarantees for the government . The government , I feel , is backed by a lot of people , mainly among ordinary people . I hope that political parties will translate the view of our people . " Late Wednesday , Jebali sacked his Cabinet and called for new elections , leaving himself at the head of a caretaker government . However , a top Ennahda party official said Thursday that the call to dissolve the Cabinet and offer a new technocratic government was "  not binding . " The party 's leaders were trying to decide whether to accept their prime minister 's decision . As Jebali spoke Friday , thousands of Tunisians were demonstrating in the streets of the capital in outrage over the assassination , calling on Jebali to resign . Jebali denied that his party had anything to do with the killing -- the first assassination since Tunisia 's "  Jasmine Revolution " -- and urged his fellow countrymen to act with restraint . "  I already told them -- do n't play role of the law , do not respond with violence , " he said . "  Otherwise , we are trapped , because the goal of those who shot Belaid is to make us react violently . " Jebali said the weapons that killed Belaid were also taking aim at the Jasmine Revolution , which led to the ouster of President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali two years ago and spawned the Arab Spring . "  So , be careful of quick accusations , it will worsen the situation , " he warned . Jebali defended the current leadership 's role in supporting the changes effected by the revolution in this North African country of nearly 11 million people . "  Tunisian people made the Jasmine Revolution for two goals : revolution against dictatorship and revolution against corruption , and they also wanted social justice , " he said . Those goals have not been betrayed , he said . "  The biggest proof is what is happening in the streets -- protests , free press . I do n't think that another press in the world enjoys more than here in Tunisia . Beside , we are not corrupt people , but if people made a revolution against us , that 's their right , and we will bow to the will of our people . " Earlier Friday , tens of thousands of mourners followed Belaid 's funeral cortege as his flag-draped casket was taken through the streets of the capital to a cemetery . A phalanx of uniformed soldiers escorted the coffin bearers into the cemetery . Protesters had clashed intermittently along the route with security forces , who fired tear gas into the crowds . A private TV channel broadcast the procession showed a car burning . Many of those mourning Belaid expressed anger at the government , which they accuse of allowing a climate of political violence to spread unchecked . On the capital 's central Habib Bourguiba Avenue , a flashpoint for protests , dozens of demonstrators fled as riot police fired tear gas . Sporadic clashes also flared on side streets . The military has been deployed alongside police to try to rein in the protests . Belaid , a prominent secular politician , was shot dead as he left his home Wednesday morning for work . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . Weeping Thursday beside his casket , his widow , Besma Belaid , was among those pointing the finger at the climate fostered by the governing Ennahda party , which is led by moderate Islamists . "  It 's an open invitation to violence , " she said . "  I can only accuse this party . " Chokri Belaid had warned early this week that the government had given a green light to political violence . A general strike called by trades unions for Friday , the first such action in Tunisia in three decades , closed many shops , cafes and other businesses . The national airline , Tunisair , warned of possible flight disruptions . Protests have also erupted in the central towns of Gafsa and Sidi Bouzid , the birthplace of the revolution . Support for Belaid went beyond his party , the secular-leftist Democratic Patriots . He was also the voice of a coalition of secular opposition parties known as the Popular Front and decried violence . But Belaid routinely received death threats for his criticism of Tunisia 's moderate Islamist-led government . He talked about the threats on his frequent television appearances but said he did n't fear for his life . Official investigators have yet to reach a conclusion on who may have been responsible . Amna Guellali , of the rights group Human Rights Watch , said the government itself bears some responsibility because of its "  laxity " in failing to respond to a climate of rising political violence . "  We warned the government that these incidents of violence should be investigated thoroughly and that people who have perpetrated these acts should be punished ... but we have n't heard anything back , " she told CNN in Tunis . She cited calls by preachers in some mosques in July for the killing of certain Tunisian political figures and personalities , including Belaid , she said . "  We did n't see the government reacting to these calls of clear incitement to murder , " she said . "  A government has to protect its citizens ... especially if there are clear threats against this person . " Dan Rivers reported from Tunis , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : "  The government , I feel , is backed by a lot of people , " Jebali says His party has not yet decided whether to accept Jebali 's edict Protesters clash with security forces along the route of the funeral procession Belaid 's widow and others say the government allowed a climate of political violence
Beijing  CNN  When it came to the environment in China , it was hazy through much of the weekend -- literally and figuratively . As a thick layer of toxic air blanketed Beijing and much of northern China on Friday , censors smothered a wildly popular but controversial documentary on the country 's air pollution , removing it from all major video streaming sites . At a standing-room-only press conference Saturday , the newly appointed minister of environmental protection ignored raised hands of foreign journalists eager to ask about the development and made no mention of the documentary that he had praised just a week earlier . Without a hint of irony , he promised to be more transparent and reassured the masses of their right to oversee the government 's fight against air pollution . "  Under the Dome " -- a slickly produced two-hour documentary on journalist Chai Jing 's dogged quest to find the causes and solutions to China 's severe smog problem -- attracted over 200 million views online in just one week , an unprecedented number even in the world 's most populous nation . Supporters and detractors of Chai , a famous former anchor and reporter at state-run national broadcaster CCTV , began a war of words almost immediately after the video 's release on February 28 . Admirers compared it to "  An Inconvenient Truth , " the Oscar-winning documentary on former U.S. Vice President Al Gore 's effort to raise awareness on the dangers of global warming . Critics , on the other hand , portrayed it as a piece of shoddy investigative journalism filled with bad science and biased conclusions , which blamed the problem largely on the entrenched interests of the state oil industry . Some even called it propaganda for President Xi Jinping , who had declared keeping the sky blue a top policy priority . The new environment minister 's initial response to the video -- in the form of a widely reported text message of gratitude to Chai -- reinforced some doubts over Chai 's claim of editorial independence for her self-funded project . Many more people , however , perceived it as an encouraging sign of the government 's adoption of a more open attitude to a politically sensitive topic , as Xi and other leaders started to publicly acknowledge the severity and urgency of the issue . But such optimism was dashed 24 hours after the documentary 's launch , as censors moved to reign in increasingly heated online debates surrounding air pollution and beyond , and removed all mention of the video from homepages of major websites . As the week progressed , leaked state media memos -- widely circulated on social media -- revealed ever-harsher wording from propaganda authorities as they scrambled to limit the continuing impact of the video . Finally , after millions of clicks , "  Under the Dome " vanished from much of Chinese cyberspace Friday as heavy smog descended on the capital . Also in Beijing were almost 3,000 delegates who had gathered to attend the National People 's Congress , China 's rubber-stamp parliament that meets in full once a year to approve the ruling Communist Party 's legislative proposals . Pollution has remained a hot topic at this year 's session , state-run Xinhua news agency reported , adding that Xi vowed to legislators Friday "  to give an iron hand to any polluters in the smog-choked country . " With Chai 's viral video also encountering an iron hand , analysts explained that the seeming contradiction makes perfect sense in a one-party dictatorship with little tolerance for open dissent . "  Smog is like any other problem in China -- dig it too deep and you touch the issue of political system , " said Yao Bo , a well-known news commentator with more than 1.2 million followers on Chinese social media . "  The video does n't do that but comments on it had started to question the system . " "  I think the video caught censors off guard , " he added , dismissing the idea that its fate reflected infighting among China 's senior leaders . "  The censors eventually acted as expected , after going through this bureaucratic process that is always half a step behind . " As gusty winds blew away Beijing 's smog Sunday afternoon , this much became clear to the public : In China , the government cares about the environment as much as you do , but only one of you is free to talk about it .	Film on China 's air pollution problem drew praise from environment minister when it came out A week later , after getting millions of clicks , "  Under the Dome " disappeared from all major websites in China
CNN  -- Mad cow disease , SARS and now swine flu : Some diseases grab the headlines . But thousands of people worldwide suffer from very rare conditions , many of which few people have ever heard of . England 's King George III may have suffered from porphyria , a disorder that affects the nervous system . From the Alice in Wonderland syndrome that might have inspired Lewis Carroll , to the disease that may have sent an English King mad , we take a look at some of these obscure illnesses . Morgellons According to the Morgellons Research Foundation , crawling , biting and stinging sensations and the emergence of strange blue , black or red fibers from the skin characterize a disease that nearly 14,000 people suffer from , according to the Foundation . This is often accompanied by exhaustion , short-term memory loss , joint pain and changes in vision . The condition was named Morgellons in 2002 by a mother who believed her two-year-old son was suffering from the disease . The name comes from a 17th century skin condition found in France , in which children died after the emergence of ` dark hair . ' However , there is much debate over whether the condition actually exists . In March 2008 , the Journal of Dermatologic Therapy reported that most doctors believe it to be form of delusion , in which sufferers falsely believe they are infected with parasites . Consequently , the fibers in the skin are thought to be textile-based , picked up by oozing scabs resulting from more common conditions such as eczema or scabies . The U.S. based Center For Disease Control and Prevention recently announced it would investigate the disease after an increased number of inquiries from the public . See photos of people living with rare diseases " Progeria Progeria is congenital , meaning a defect or damage to a fetus . Sufferers of this fatal illness have a striking appearance resembling premature ageing , but die at an average age of 13 . Profound growth delays begin at between nine and 24 months , leading to abnormal facial developments such as a disproportionately small face , bulging , prominent eyes and an underdeveloped jaw . By the age of two , hair from the scalp , eyebrows and eyelashes is lost . The U.S. National Organization of Rare Disorders  NORD  says sufferers eventually lose the layer of fat beneath the skin and , in time , elasticity is lost in artery walls , leading to fatality via heart attack or stroke in 90 percent of sufferers . Water allergy Known to have ever affected only 30 people , water allergy or "  aquagenic urticaria " is extremely rare , but its existence has been confirmed by the Medical Review Board . Sufferers appear to be allergic to water . It usually occurs late in life and often as a consequence of a hormonal imbalance brought about by giving birth . A case emerged in the UK in April this year , leaving a 21-year-old mother unable to drink water or get caught in the rain because her skin develops a painful burning rash . She can shower for a maximum of 10 seconds per week and can drink only Diet Coke . It is not strictly an allergy but a hypersensitivity to the ions found in non-distilled water . Foreign accent syndrome Sufferers of foreign accent syndrome inexplicably find themselves talking in an unrecognizable dialect . Only 60 cases have ever been recorded . Doctors initially dismissed it as a psychiatric problem , but in 2002 , scientists at Oxford University , England , observed that sufferers shared the same brain abnormalities , which led to changes in speech pitch , lengthening of vowel sounds and other irregularities . According to the Journal of Neurolinguistics , sufferers do n't necessarily have to have been exposed to the accent they adopt : their new voice is not , strictly speaking , a foreign accent , but the changes in speech often bear a striking resemblance to other world accents . The first case concerned a Norwegian woman in 1941 , who developed a strong German accent and was ostracized from her community . Laughing Death Laughing Death , more commonly known as Kuru , was exclusive to the tribal Fore people of New Guinea . The disease , which was characterized by sudden bursts of maniacal laughter , hit the headlines in the 1950s and drew in doctors from around the world . U.S. and Australian physicians observed men and women with shaking limbs , which subsided with rest , but a month to three months later sufferers would begin to sway and stumble , lose the ability to stand , become cross-eyed and lose the power of coherent speech before eventually dying . The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke reported that tests on the deceased showed death had been caused by the emergence of holes in the brain , known as "  swiss-cheesing . " Eventually the U.S. physician Carleton Gajdusek worked out that the infection was being passed on through the village custom of eating family members after death . When cannibalism was eliminated , the epidemic came to an end . In 1976 , Gajdusek was awarded the Nobel Prize for his work . Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva  FOP In 1938 , when American Harry Eastlack was five-years-old , he broke his leg . The fracture did n't set properly , his hip and knee stiffened up and , bizarrely , bone growths developed on the muscles of his thigh . By his mid 20s , the vertebrae of his back had begun to fuse together . When he died aged 39 in 1973 , he was able to move only his lips . He suffered from fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva  FOP  , a rare disease affecting some 1 in 2 million people , in which the body 's tendons and ligaments undergo a strange metamorphosis , essentially a transformation into bone . The condition is congenital and characterized by a malformation of the big toe that is present at birth . Eastlack donated his skeleton to research of the disease , and it is on display at the Mutter Museum in Philadelphia . The International FOP Association continues to research this extremely rare condition . Alice in Wonderland syndrome According to the Oxford Handbook of Clinical Medicine , sufferers of Alice in Wonderland syndrome perceive objects as being far smaller than they are . The condition , also known as micropsia or Lillliput sight , can also affect the sense of hearing , touch and perceptions of one 's own body image . Learn more about rare disorders " The syndrome is associated with migraine headaches and named after Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , in which Alice goes through many bizarre experiences similar to those which might be experienced by a micropsia sufferer . The fact that Carroll suffered from migraines is well documented , and some speculate that his suffering may have prompted many passages in the work . Porphyria Purple urine and feces make porphyria infamous , as does the fact that the "  mad " 18th century English King George III may have suffered from it . Porphyria leads to complications in the production of ` heme , ' a protein vital to red blood cells , and affects the skin and nervous system . Attacks lead to abdominal pain , stomach cramps , nausea , vomiting and constipation . NORD lists other symptoms including increasing sensitivity to the sun , itching and swelling . Increased hair growth on the forehead may also occur . Toxins resulting from the failed heme production can affect the coloring of other areas , especially after exposure to sunlight . Sometimes the teeth and fingernails can adopt a reddish appearance . It is these toxins that lead to the dark urine and feces . Mary Queen of Scots , Vincent Van Gogh , and King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon may have suffered from this disease . Pica The magpie , Latin name pica , will eat anything , and so will sufferers of pica syndrome . Almost always pregnant women or children , sufferers develop an appetite for non-nutritive substances , such as paint , clay , plaster or dirt , or alternatively items that are more commonly considered to be food ingredients , such as raw rice , flour or salt . It can only be considered pica if the appetite persists for over a month and the sufferer is of an age where eating these objects is considered developmentally inappropriate . Medical researchers have tenuously linked pica with a mineral deficiency , but according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders , experts have yet to nail down a real , firm cause or cure for this strange disorder . Moebius syndrome Moebius is extremely rare , genetic and characterized by complete facial paralysis . Sufferers can not close their eyes , look from side to side , or form facial expressions . Limb abnormalities such as clubbed feet and missing fingers are often also present . According to the Moebius Syndrome Foundation , most cases are isolated , with no notable family history , and sufferers go on to lead long and healthy lives . Family members often learn to recognize body language , posture and vocal tone as communicators of emotion , and sometimes claim they forget the person has facial paralysis altogether .	A look at some of the rarest diseases in the world Morgellons sufferers say strange fibers emerge from their bodies Others like Progeria sees the aging process accelerate much faster than usual
CNN  -- Two people were injured when a parcel bomb exploded on Thursday in the offices of a Swiss umbrella group for the nuclear industry , police said . The incident occurred in the offices of Swissnuclear in the town of Olten . The pair suffered minor injuries and were taken to a hospital . Police are investigating and Swissnuclear could not be immediately reached for comment . Matthieu Buchs , spokesman of the Swiss Federal Office of Energy , confirmed that the approval process for three new nuclear power plants had been stopped because of the disaster in Japan . Safety standards will be reviewed in all existing nuclear power plants , he said . Buchs also said Switzerland derives 39.3 % of its electricity from nuclear energy . Nuclear energy makes up 10 % of the overall production of energy in the country , he said . Journalist Roman Lehberger contributed to this report .	The incident occurs in Olten The pair suffers minor injuries Japan disaster has affected the Swiss nuclear industry
CNN  -- A thick pall of chemical smoke hung over a crowd in Cairo on Friday afternoon . People ran , covering their noses and mouths to escape yet another volley of tear gas . The same scene was being played out elsewhere in Cairo , in Alexandria and Suez . And several weeks back , Tunisian police used tear gas to try to quell protests there . It is one of the most common ways to used to disperse protests -- but not everyone runs . In both Tunisia and Egypt , some protesters stopped to pick up canisters , and posted photographs online . A few inches long , blue and silver , they include warning labels and then a set of initials : CSI , followed by "  Made in the U.S.A. " The photograph posted in Tunisia was of a 40 mm riot CS smoke projectile , made by a company called Combined Systems Inc. , which describes itself as a "  tactical weapons company " and is based in Jamestown , Pennsylvania . CSI 's website describes the projectile as "  a launched burning extended-range single projectile round that dispenses smoke or chemical agents via rapid burning . Used effectively during riots at safe stand-off distances to disperse groups or deny areas . " Its warning label reads : "  Danger : Do not fire directly at person  s  . Severe injury or death may result . " That warning is apparently not always followed . Lucas Mebrouk Dolega died in Tunisia on January 17 , three days after being hit by a tear gas grenade at close range . The 32-year-old was a photographer for the European PressPhoto Agency . On Thursday , a similar picture was posted on Twitter by a someone in Egypt , only this time it was of a grenade , not a canister . It , too , was made by CSI . The grenade appears to be an "  Outdoor 52 Series Large Grenade " that "  discharges a high volume of smoke and chemical agent through multiple emission ports . Specifically for outdoor use , " the website says . CSI 's website  www.less-lethal.com  bills the company as the "  premier engineering , manufacturing and supply company of tactical munitions and crowd control devices globally to armed forces , law enforcement , corrections and homeland security agencies . " Clients include the U.S. Army , U.S. Customs and Border Patrol , and the U.S. Department of State , as well as Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and Israeli Military Industries -- both of which are weapons companies based in Israel . On January 1 , Jawaher Abu Rahmah died in the West Bank during a weekly protest against a security barrier being built in Bilin . Israel considers the protests violent and illegal . Rahmah died of severe asphyxiation and cardiac arrest after Israeli soldiers fired tear gas canisters into the crowd . In April 2009 , Rahmah 's brother was killed participating in the same weekly protest when a tear gas canister struck him directly in the chest . A spokesman for CSI says the company is operating well within the law by selling tear gas to countries like Tunisia and Egypt . According to the Chemical Weapons Convention , riot control agents are not considered chemical weapons unless used during a time of war . This means that it 's perfectly legal to manufacture and sell tear gas , so long as countries do n't stockpile a large amount of the chemical compounds . The spokesman declined to say how much tear gas CSI had sold to countries in northern Africa , but said it is a small company . He also said CSI could not control how its products are used once sold . Social media reaction to the "  Made in the U.S.A. " label on the canisters was scathing , with some suggesting it meant the U.S. government itself was somehow involved in suppressing the protests . Some Twitter users demanded to know "  why so many weapons used against Egyptian protesters read ` made in the USA ' . " Others advised "  Maybe U.S. weapons manufacturers should stop printing "  made in USA " on their weapons especially the ones we send to brutal autocrats . " Whether CSI is operating within the law has n't stopped protestors from voicing their dissatisfaction with the company . After Rahmah died in Israel , demonstrators gathered outside Point Lookout Capital Partners ' Manhattan offices . Point Lookout owns a majority interest in CSI . The protesting group -- the New York Campaign for the Boycott of Israel -- demanded that CSI stop providing tear gas that could be used on Palestinians by Israeli forces . Israeli authorities are still investigating Jawaher Abu Rahmah 's death . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , there are several compounds that are considered to be riot-control agents . Two of the most common are chloroacetophenone  CN  and chlorobenzylidene malononitrile  CS  . Others include chloropicrin  PS  , bromobenzylcyanide  CA  , and dibenzoxazepine  CR  . Riot control agents temporarily disable those affected by causing irritation to the eyes , mouth , throat , lungs , and skin . Long-lasting exposure to these compounds can cause blindness and chemical burning of the throat and lungs resulting in death , as well as respiratory failure , which can also result in death .	Tear gas canisters fired at Egyptian protesters are marked "  Made in the U.S.A. " Combined Systems Inc. also has sold tear gas to Tunisia and Israel Some Twitter users demand why U.S.-made weapons are being used against protesters
CNN  -- It 's during the rain , sleet and snow of winter that a warm and sunny beach vacation starts to sound particularly alluring . Which one to choose ? Hawaii , Florida , Belize , Costa Rica , Mexico , Panama , Dominican Republic , Jamaica , Bahamas , St. Kitts , Martinique and Isla Mujeres in Mexico all sound lovely this time of year . But what do you want when you get there ? Romance , a deserted beach , a beach party or child-friendly travel ? And can you even afford them ? Fodor 's 80 Degrees Beach Finder tool can help narrow down the options by location , type and price point . 10 budget all-inclusive resorts "  We know from firsthand experience that not all beaches are a perfect fit for every beach goer , " said Arabella Bowen , Fodor 's executive editorial director . "  You may want to go to a beach but do n't know which beach will make your perfect vacation . Do you want somewhere remote and quiet , water sports , a lively nightlife scene , shopping or family friendly ? " The Fodor 's beach finder tool matches beaches with travelers ' interests and budgets and offers hotel and restaurant choices to fit within those parameters . What do the dollar signs mean ? If you want a hotel room for $ 150 or less per night , choose the $ option . For $ 250 or less per night , choose the $ $ option . For $ 350 per night or less , choose the $ $ $ option . For more than $ 350 per night , choose the $ $ $ $ option . Click through the gallery to see Bowen 's exclusive picks for CNN . Please share your favorite beaches -- and what you like to do when you 're visiting -- on our iReport assignment . We 'll follow up with our readers ' picks . World 's most romantic islands	It 's time to think about a sunny getaway Fodor 's beach finder tool helps travelers pick destinations that fit their preferences Share photos of your favorite beaches on iReport.com
CNN  -- A Texas inmate in a wheelchair , who escaped on foot from two armed guards as he was being transferred between prisons , is now on the U.S. Marshals ' list of the 15 most-wanted fugitives . Arcade Comeaux Jr. , 49 , "  produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers , took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown , Texas , " the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement . He then put the officers in the back of the van and took their weapons and one of their uniforms , the statement said . Comeaux was serving three life sentences for aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . He escaped Monday during transport from Huntsville , Texas , to Stiles , Texas . The 6-foot , 200-pound man was shackled and in a wheelchair , "  which he had claimed was needed for mobility , " Michelle Lyons , director of public information for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in Huntsville , said in a statement . About 45 minutes into the trip , as they were driving through Conroe , 40 minutes north of Houston , the prisoner pulled out a pistol and ordered the guards to drive south to Baytown , east of Houston . He fired once , but hit no one during the escape about 9 a.m. , officials said . Law enforcement officers found the unharmed officers an hour later . Comeaux was being transferred so he could be near John Sealy Hospital in Galveston for treatment of the supposed paralysis he had suffered during a reported stroke , officials said . At least $ 16,000 in reward money has been offered for information leading to Comeaux 's rearrest and a task force of more than 100 investigators is searching for him , focusing on the Houston area , where he grew up and has family . His escape has led the man who oversees Texas ' criminal justice system to call for a shakeup of the prison system . "  I just think enough 's enough , " said Sen. John Whitmire , the Texas Democrat from Houston who is chairman of the state Senate 's Criminal Justice Committee . "  We need a complete shakeup of the leadership of our prison system and/or an outside review by third parties , " he told CNN by phone Wednesday . "  We just ca n't have security breaches of this nature . " Whitmire said the guards had failed to pat down Comeaux while he was in his wheelchair and before they began the trip . "  Sure enough , he has a firearm , " he said . "  The question is , are there others  in the prison system  ? I think you have to assume that there are until you find out differently . " So far this year , more than 900 cell phones have been confiscated from the 112 locations that house the state 's 158,000 prisoners . "  It 's pretty rampant , " he said . "  I want the director to come forward and tell us what it 's going to take " to solve the problem , he said . John Moriarty , inspector general of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said such lapses are highly unusual in the state 's penal system . "  We have no open gun investigations other than this one , " he said . "  The last one was several years ago . " Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston , who has been in the job since 2005 , did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment .	Arcade Comeaux Jr. was in wheelchair when he pulled gun on officers Comeaux forced officers to drive him to Baytown , Texas , where he fled on foot State senator calls for shakeup in state 's penal system
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- As some opposition groups met with the Egyptian government in an effort to find a diplomatic solution to its political crisis , reports continued to surface of security forces detaining journalists and human rights activists . On Sunday , an Al-Jazeera English correspondent was detained by the military on Sunday , though Egyptian leaders insisted that journalists and others were free to carry out their work in Egypt . He was released later that night , Al-Jazeera said . Al-Jazeera English 's Cairo-based correspondent , Ayman Mohyeldin , was detained from early Sunday afternoon until night , network producer Tristan Redman told CNN . Another correspondent , Sherine Tadros , was held at a military checkpoint near the television station , but released within the hour , he said . Mohyeldin was near Tahrir Square , the focal point of protests against the Egyptian government , when he was detained . Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq told CNN that authorities have been told "  not to bother " human rights activists and journalists working at anti-government protests . If there have been such problems , they are "  not intended , " Shafiq told CNN 's Candy Crowley . Arrests of journalists and human rights activists "  are not allowed at all . " A U.S. embassy spokesperson in Cairo told CNN that the American government has raised the issue of the treatment of journalists with the Egyptian government "  consistently , and will continue to do so . " Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , also said the Egyptian government is opposed to violence against journalists of human rights workers . "  The government has denied its involvement in acts of violence and has promised a full and wide investigation that will be transparent and that will find those responsible , " he said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Sunday . All forms of violence have been condemned , he said . Asked whether the government had ordered a crackdown on journalists , Shoukry said , "  I think that whatever the case , we must resort to a full investigative process . " He said that such accusations were based on "  assumptions " and not proof . A leading international human rights group says military police raided the offices of Hisham Mubarak Law Center late last week and arrested some 35 journalists and human rights activists documenting the crisis in Egypt . They were freed Friday after nearly two days in military custody , Amnesty International said . "  We welcome the news that these activists have been freed , but we are outraged that they were detained in the first place and by the manner in which they have been treated , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa director . He said the whereabouts of several other activists detained in separate incidents are unknown . "  The Egyptian authorities must now carry out an urgent independent investigation into why human rights activists monitoring protests in Cairo were targeted in this way , and who gave the orders for it , " Smart said . In recent days , some have accused President Hosni Mubarak of orchestrating the assaults to suppress international coverage of bloodshed by pro-government operatives against peaceful protesters in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Journalists attempting to cover unrest in Egypt also reported being beaten , arrested and harassed by security forces and police on Thursday , leading to sharply limited television coverage of the protests . Along with Al-Jazeera , other news outlets -- including the BBC , Al-Arabiya , ABC News , the Washington Post , Fox News and CNN -- said members of their staffs had been attacked or otherwise targeted . Besides Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch also reported that staffers were detained . U.S. State Department officials told CNN earlier that they had information that Egypt 's Interior Ministry was behind the journalist detentions , citing reports from the U.S. Embassy in Egypt . CNN 's Pierre Bairin and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	An Al-Jazeera correspondent was detained by the Egyptian military Sunday Egypt 's prime minister says authorities have been told not to bother journalists The U.S. government says it has been in contact with Egypt over the issue
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Hindu holy man castrated himself in India Wednesday following the arrest of popular preacher Asaram Bapu , revered by millions across the country for his sermons on enlightenment . Police have charged the 72-year old guru with raping a 16-year-old schoolgirl at one of his ashrams , or religious centers , in August . Authorities in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh found Baba Premdas , a 60-year old follower of Bapu , bleeding at his home in Amethi from apparently self-inflicted wounds , city police chief Alankrita Singh told CNN . Premdas was admitted to a local hospital and then taken to a bigger health facility for surgery where his condition "  is stable " , said Singh . Asked whether his act was related to the arrest of Asaram Bapu , Singh added , "  We have heard such things , but all this is unconfirmed . " "  Some say it was because of Bapu 's arrest , " said Singh to AFP earlier , "  some say it was because he feared ending up in Bapu 's situation . No one knows . " Bapu has denied the sexual assault allegations leveled by the teenage girl and her parents , both devotees of the guru . The elderly preacher has also claimed he is physically incapable of rape but police say medical tests show him to be in good shape . "  The team of doctors is saying he is perfectly , medically , mentally and physically fit , " said Ajayal Lamba , Deputy Commissioner of Police in Jodhpur . Bapu , also referred to as the "  godman " in local Indian media , is currently in jail awaiting trial after a court rejected his bail plea earlier this week , public prosecutor Anand Purohit told CNN . The prosecution plans to present a detailed dossier of the charges in the trial soon , he said . This month 's unfolding rape case against Bapu is just the latest in a series of sexual assault incidents in India since late 2012 that have gained high-profile attention both for their frequency and ferocity . It was the gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old student in New Delhi last December that galvanized Indian society and the media in particular , to examine the pervasive incidence of rape and other forms of violence against women . The barbarity of the crime ignited a wide-ranging discussion across all levels of the Indian media and prompted multiple debates in the national and regional assemblies . Stung into action by public outrage , the government instituted new laws and crucially stricter punishments , which includes the death penalty when victims are killed or left in a vegetative state . Furthermore in a sharp departure with previous practice , predatory behavior such as voyeurism , stalking and groping can now lead to arrest and punishment . India 's court system is now making greater use of fast-track trials to prosecute the most heinous and high-profile crimes against women . Local and national media have maintained their spotlight on sexual assaults and other violence against women , leading to a torrent of disturbing reports following last December 's horrific rape incident . In March , at least five men from a local tribe gang-raped a Swiss woman camping with her husband in a forest in India 's Datia district . A court convicted six men to life in prison four months later . In April , a 4-year-old Indian girl was raped by a 35-year-old man in India 's central Maharashtra state . The girl suffered brain damage and was in a coma for two weeks before dying from cardiac arrest . And in June , at least three men gang-raped a 31-year-old American tourist in northern India after she visited the Vashishth Temple after midnight . She accepted a ride from the group after failing to find a taxi . They drove her to a wooded area where they assaulted her . While such incidents have been covered extensively by international news media , an even larger number of cases are only reported in domestic Indian news outlets -- and an unknown number simply go unreported . Just this week in local media , the Times of India reported two men gang-raped a 27-year-old woman who had gone to a local dairy in northern Uttar Pradesh state , the Hindustan Times reported at least six to seven girls were lured to and raped at a deserted steel mill south of Mumbai over the past half year , and the Indian Express reported the story of a 14-year-old girl who was allegedly raped by two people over several months in western Gujarat state . Villagers discovered the girl was pregnant but later miscarried twin babies . According to India 's National Crime Records Bureau , the country recorded 24,923 cases of reported rape in 2012 -- a 57 % rise in reported cases since 2003 . This number is widely considered to be extremely underreported for a country of more than 1 billion people . The United States , with a population of more than 310 million , recorded 270,000 cases of rape in 2010 , the most recent year for which national rape statistics are available . CNN 's Harmeet Singh and Lonzo Cook contributed to this article from New Delhi .	Indian guru Asaram Bapu , 72 , charged with raping 16-year-old school girl Bapu follower , Baba Premdas , castrates self , found bleeding in home Bapu has denied all sexual assault allegations India has gained international attention over series of rapes since December 2012
CNN  -- Larry and Jane Glazer were alike in so many ways , from their individual successes in business to their shared loved of adventure -- and flying . The couple helped lead and reshape Rochester , New York , for decades . They were believed to be the only passengers aboard a small plane that flew Friday -- unresponsive and with its windows fogging over -- down the East Coast , over stretches of open ocean and over Cuba before crashing off the coast of Jamaica . The U.S. Coast Guard on Sunday called off its search for the plane 's wreckage . While entrepreneurship was the bedrock of their business success , their impact on the city in upstate New York extended far beyond corporate offices and financial reports . Larry Glazer transformed swaths of the city beside Lake Ontario through a real estate firm that he led since 1970 . In fact , he was profiled in the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle newspaper in 2002 as one of the city 's "  developers who shape our community . " His Buckingham Properties describes itself as "  Rochester , New York 's largest and most diverse real estate development and property management company . " Jane Glazer made her mark as a business leader on her own , quitting her job as a math teacher in 1983 to start a firm called QCI Direct , selling microwave cookware through catalogs and then through the Internet , according to a Democrat and Chronicle profile of her in 2008 . The online business now also sells home , personal care , cooking and cleaning products . QCI Direct employs 100 people and produces two national retail catalogs mailed to 35 million people annually , the firm 's website says . "  Remarkable human beings " with "  a very close knit family " is how Heidi Zimmer-Meyer , president of Rochester Downtown Development Corporation describes the Glazers . "  Both of them  were  involved in job creation in this area and in his case rebuilding parts of the city , and it 's just he has left an unbelievable legacy . You can see his fingerprints all over this community in a wonderful , very high impact way , " Zimmer-Meyer said . Jane Glazer told Women Entrepreneurs Blog last April that she also found time to participate in a New York City Marathon , whitewater rafting and flying a plane . "  But being an entrepreneur is the one I keep pursuing . It challenges my mind , my level of energy , my ability to deal with people , and my love of adventure . And someday , who knows ? Maybe I really will get to the finish line , " Jane Glazer told the blog . Larry Glazer became a developer in a roundabout manner . Glazer was playing tennis one day after graduating from Columbia University with an MBA at 22 in the late 1960s when a tennis partner suggested they go into the real estate business by buying a two-unit house in Rochester , the newspaper said in another story about him in 2008 . Glazer knew almost nothing about the real estate business . "  It was absolutely a fluke , " Glazer , the chief executive of Buckingham Properties LLC , told the newspaper . "  He said , ` You want to go into business ? ' " Glazer founded Buckingham Properties in 1970 and often worked 80 hours a week . His real estate empire even expanded to central Florida , where his firm has ownership in more than 300 acres of development property , the firm 's website says . And , the website adds , he is an avid pilot . "  Larry spends some of his spare time on the ground -- gardening around his house with his wife , Jane ; and some in the sky -- flying his plane , " his profile says on the company 's website . Glazer also served as president of the TBM Owners and Pilots Association and was an active board member in several local organizations , including the Jewish Home of Rochester . The plane carrying the couple and a pilot was nonresponsive as it flew south from Rochester and crashed into the Caribbean on Friday . It was purchased for $ 3.7 million by Larry Glazer 's Buckingham Properties , according to aviation industry media reports . Said Zimmer-Meyer about Larry Glazer : "  He has been flying for a long time . And he loved to fly . Even one time I remember him telling me that he was flying to France to pick up a brand new plane and he was flying it back over the Atlantic Ocean all by himself . Brand new right off the line . I do n't know how many planes he owned , but I do know that he loved flying and he flew often . " The company 's website says the firm owns and manages "  more than 60 properties " and is headed by co-founder , CEO and managing partner , Larry Glazer . Even before any official announcement on the fate of those aboard the small plane , the children of Larry and Jane Glazer said in a statement they were "  devastated by the tragic and sudden loss of our parents . " "  They loved and appreciated the opportunity to help build the community of Rochester , and we thank everyone in the community for their expressions of support , " the children said . CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Larry Glazer helped reshape Rochester through his development firm since 1970 Jane Glazer became an entrepreneur after quitting her teaching job in 1983 She sold microwave cookware through catalogs and the Internet The couple loved adventure and flying planes
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed a bill Wednesday that would have allowed businesses that asserted their religious beliefs the right to deny service to gay and lesbian customers . The controversial measure faced a surge of opposition in recent days from large corporations and athletic organizations , including Delta Air Lines , the Super Bowl host committee and Major League Baseball . Fiercely divided supporters and opponents of the bill ramped up pressure on Brewer after the state 's Republican-led Legislature approved it last week . On Wednesday , the governor said she made the decision she knew was right for Arizona . "  I call them as I see them , despite the cheers or the boos from the crowd , " Brewer said , criticizing what she described as a "  broadly worded " bill that "  could result in unintended and negative consequences . " Brewer said she 'd weighed the arguments on both sides before vetoing the measure , which is known as SB 1062 . Read Gov. Brewer 's full statement "  To the supporters of the legislation , I want you to know that I understand that long-held norms about marriage and family are being challenged as never before . Our society is undergoing many dramatic changes , " she said . "  However , I sincerely believe that Senate Bill 1062 has the potential to create more problems than it purports to solve . It could divide Arizona in ways we can not even imagine and no one would ever want . "  Religious liberty is a core American and Arizona value . So is non-discrimination . " Her announcement spurred cheering and hugs by protesters of the bill outside the state Capitol in Phoenix . Banners urging Brewer to veto the bill were quickly swapped for signs praising her decision . "  Thank you Governor Brewer , " they said . "  Arizona is open for business to everyone ! " Supporters , critics react to veto Brewer 's veto drew swift praise from gay rights advocates . "  Discrimination has no place in Arizona , or anywhere else , " said Alessandra Soler , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona . "  We 're grateful that the governor has stopped this disgraceful law from taking effect , and that Arizona will remain open for business to everyone . " Doug Napier , an attorney representing the Alliance Defending Freedom , which helped craft the bill , criticized the governor 's decision . "  Freedom loses when fear overwhelms facts and a good bill is vetoed , " he said in a statement . "  Today 's veto enables the foes of faith to more easily suppress the freedom of the people of Arizona . " Cathi Herrod , president of the Center for Arizona Policy , accused opponents of the measure of distorting facts . "  The religious beliefs of all Arizonans must be respected and this bill did nothing more than affirm that , " said Herrod , whose conservative organization lent a hand in creating the bill . "  It is truly a disappointing day in our state and nation when lies and personal attacks can overshadow the truth . " Rep. Demion Clinco , the only openly gay member of Arizona 's House of Representatives , said he hoped the governor 's decision would start a new chapter after what he called a setback for the state 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . "  In her vetoing the bill , I really feel like there 's a possible hope for reconciliation within our state , and we can move forward , " he told CNN 's AC360 . Bill sparked heated debate Read Brewer 's letter to the Arizona Senate on the veto Brewer returned home on Tuesday from a weekend in Washington with her state roiling over a values clash between arch conservatives and gay rights advocates . The state battle has national implications , as the issues it deals with play out in different ways in courts , state legislatures and on Main Street across the country . The Arizona measure was particularly pointed and had vocal supporters behind it . They contended it was their legal right to oppose what they see as a gay-rights agenda nationally , and argued the bill allowed for religious freedom . Opinion : Why I put this sign in my pizzeria window Opponents said the measure encouraged discrimination against gays and lesbians . In addition to gay rights organizations , many businesses sharply criticized the measure , saying it would be bad for Arizona 's economy and could lead to discrimination lawsuits , boycotts and other disruptions . Religious liberty movement will continue Economic concerns Large businesses including Apple , American Airlines , AT&T and Intel voiced opposition to the measure , and the Arizona Super Bowl Host Committee expressed concerns . The bill also drew fire from some Republican lawmakers with generally social conservative beliefs . Arizona Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake publicly urged Brewer to veto the measure , citing worries about the economic impact on the state 's businesses . McCain praised Brewer 's decision . "  I hope that we can now move on from this controversy and assure the American people that everyone is welcome to live , work and enjoy our beautiful state of Arizona , " he said in a written statement . Former Massachusetts governor and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney recently tweeted that a veto of the bill was the right course . Romney weighs in , Obama silent on Arizona SB 1062 Vocal supporters , opponents Supporters of the bill were just as vocal . They say federal courts have increasingly pushed a pro-gay rights agenda . Freedom or oppression ? That 's the question for Arizona 's SB 1062 Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said on his show that Brewer was "  being bullied by the homosexual lobby in Arizona and elsewhere . " Supporters said they saw , in the opposition , a double standard in how the rights of gays and lesbians are supported versus those who have conservative religious views . "  I think what we need to do is respect both sides . We need to respect both opinions , " Minnesota Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann said Wednesday . "  Just like we need to observe tolerance for the gay and lesbian community , we need to have tolerance for the community of people who hold sincerely held religious beliefs . " Businesses lash out over Arizona 's anti-gay bill	Signs praise governor , say "  Arizona is open for business to everyone " ACLU : We 're grateful governor stopped "  disgraceful law " Group that helped craft bill : "  Veto enables the foes of faith " McCain praises veto , says he hopes Arizona can move on
CNN  -- My daily trek to work is the last place I would expect to encounter a hateful message . But anti-Islam blogger Pamela Geller is determined to make that happen to me and my fellow commuters . This week , at 10 subway stations around New York , commuters will encounter ads from the virulently anti-Islam group headed by Geller , the American Freedom Defense Initiative . Geller has been cited both by the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center for her anti-Muslim activity . The subway ads say , "  In Any War Between the Civilized Man and the Savage , Support the Civilized Man . " Below that are the words : "  Support Israel . Defeat Jihad , " with a Star of David on either side of the phrases . The coded message makes clear who the savages are : those who support jihad , which in Geller 's mind includes all Muslims . She has called Islam "  an extreme ideology , the most radical and extreme ideology on the face of the Earth . " As a rabbi , I find the ads deeply misguided and disturbing . The Jewish community is deep in the heart of our High Holidays , the Ten Days of Repentance that encompass the holy days of Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur . One of the most powerful moments in the holy days is when the community rises for a recitation of public confession , beginning Tuesday night . I have always been struck by how many of the foibles of daily life have to do with speech . The words from our mouths have power : Once released , whether intentionally or by accident , what we say shapes reality . It can bring about healing or atonement , or it can unleash violence and hatred . Geller 's ads , sharply dividing the world into civilized people and savages , are only intended to hurt and tear fragile relationships apart . ` Defeat Jihad ' ad to appear in New York subway stations At first , the Metropolitan Transportation Authority rejected the ads , but a district judge ruled the ads were protected under the First Amendment . The ads follow similar ads in San Francisco as well as posters at New York 's Metro North train stations that made unsubstantiated claims about the number of people killed in terrorist attacks since 9/11 . The Metro North ads denied their bigotry by stating , "  It 's not Islamophobia . It 's Islamorealism , " claiming the actions of a few represented the "  reality " of Islam . But when did it become acceptable to spread bigotry against any American religious , racial or ethnic group in the name of "  realism " ? As an American , I believe in the right to free speech , even when I detest the message or disagree vehemently with the messenger . But I can still raise my voice against words of hatred . Moreover , freedom of speech does not absolve our elected officials from denouncing hateful rhetoric . A key part of their jobs as our representatives is to uphold core American values of pluralism and inclusion . Unfortunately , New York City 's public officials have largely been silent about the message of hate that will confront all of us during our morning commutes . In a recent radio broadcast , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg explained the court 's decision regarding the ads and affirmed the right of freedom of expression as an American value . He said that "  as Americans , we tolerate things that we find despicable , " but fell short of condemning the ads . I have only to look at the news of the past several months to see how unchecked messages of hatred manifest themselves into acts of violence . The growing number of attacks against mosques in places such as Joplin , Missouri , and the killings in August at the Oak Creek , Wisconsin , Sikh temple are the extreme end of a growing domestic threat against religious minorities . Here in New York , hate crimes surrounding Muslim religious services and at a Holocaust memorial site have been committed . These acts of hatred are not individual tragedies but for all of us as Americans . As a Jew , I know the extreme to which where baseless hatred can lead . And the Jewish community has been in the past a target of hatred in the United States . Geller 's message ignores the positive contributions that our Muslim friends , neighbors and colleagues make to our country every single day . It is also unfortunate that Geller chooses to frame her message of hatred as one of support for Israel . The complicated struggle for peace in the Middle East and against terrorism must not be reduced to a simplistic message of a war between good and evil . Although there is considerable debate within the Jewish community about how to best support Israel and achieve peace with her neighbors , it is clear that part of our contribution as Americans is to show the world that religious pluralism is both possible and beneficial for a thriving democracy . In America , no one should have to live in fear for his or her safety because of faith . If there is a silver lining to the events of the past few months , including the subway ads , it is that Americans of all religions have the opportunity to come together and loudly reaffirm their commitments to religious pluralism . Together , we have and will continue to show that speech can also heal . This is our strength . It is time for all of us , regardless of belief , or nonbelief , to stand together and reject stoking bigotry and hatred in our city with these ads . Our goal should be healing , not rupture , and laying the foundation for peace within our community and around the world . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Kahn-Troster .	Group posts ads in New York subway stations with coded message Islam is "  savage " Anti-Islam blogger 's group also put up ads calling "  Islamophobia " "  Islamorealism " Rachel Kahn-Troster says unopposed messages of hatred stir acts of violence She supports the right to free speech but believes we must stand against bigotry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- New technology devised by a Connecticut firm , The Green Revolution Inc is turning sessions at the gym into clean renewable electricity . The Green Revolution device snaps on to the front of all major brands of indoor cycling equipment . It 's a workout that hopes to work out some of our energy problems and offers a glimpse of what could be achieved if we all do our bit for the environment . The first devices were recently installed on seventeen bicycles at the Ridgefield Fitness Club in Ridgefield , Connecticut . The energy generated is fed straight into the club 's electricity control cabinet where a grid-tie inverter pumps energy back on to the grid . The new venture is the brainchild of founder and CEO of Green Revolution , Jay Whelan . It was during recovery from a shoulder injury that Whelan -- a former Partner at management consultants , Accenture -- first had the idea to create a machine than could harness human power . "  I realized that there has got to be a way to take the energy that I was expending trying to rehabilitate my shoulder to create something useable , " Whelan told CNN . Enlisting the help of an engineer , Whelan has spent the past 18 months perfecting the machine and has created a highly adaptable device which snaps on around the wheel of the bicycle . "  We did n't want people to have to purchase new cycling equipment . So we 've made it so it fits on to all major brands of cycling equipment , " Whelan said . "  A wire runs out from the bottom of each bike and connects to an electrical control cabinet . " So far , Whelan has received positive feedback from gym members who have used the equipment , and with the help of an interactive carbon calculator people can measure how much energy they are generating from their workout . The output from a single workout is only enough to power a light bulb or a laptop for about an hour and saves between two to six ounces of CO2 . But power generation starts to stack up as more people get in the saddle . Green Revolution estimate that a group of around 20 bikes used throughout a year has the potential to create 3,600 kilowatt hours of electricity . That , they say , equates to lighting 72 homes for a month . Whelan says that there are around 36,000 health clubs in the U.S. alone , so the potential is there for the equipment to make a worthwhile impact on carbon emissions . "  If every club had one , " he said , "  then that would create a substantial amount of energy . " Green Revolution say that their technology can easily be attached to most other types of cardio equipment . So if pedal power is n't your thing , you can use a cross trainer or a step machine to burn away those calorie and carbon ounces . Along with health clubs , Whelan is hoping that the corporate and university markets will prove lucrative for the company . He says that orders are already starting to roll in from all parts of the United States . In 2009 , Whelan plans to take his Green Revolution to the European market .	New machine generates electricity from cycling workouts in the gym The Green Revolution snaps on to all major brands of indoor cycling equipment Potential for 36,000 health clubs in U.S. to be fitted with energy saving device
FARGO , North Dakota  CNN  -- Forecasters issued flash flood warnings for Bismarck and surrounding areas Wednesday , as volunteers rushed to fill sandbags ahead of expected record floods in the flat state of North Dakota . Explosives are set off in the Missouri River on Wednesday to break up ice jams . Areas of three counties -- Morton , Emmons and Burleigh , which includes the North Dakota capital of Bismarck -- were under a flash flood warning until 12:30 p.m. CT  1:30 p.m. ET  , the National Weather Service said . In an effort to alleviate the flooding , demolition crews blew up an ice jam Wednesday evening south of Bismarck , according to CNN affiliate KXMB . Mayor John Warford said that water appeared to be moving more freely in the Missouri River after the explosives were set off , KXMB reported . The plan is make sure water continues flow through the river channel and not spread out over land . Ice jams in rivers have been a major factor in the flooding there . Most of the state , which endured a particularly harsh winter , remained under a flood warning Wednesday , with forecasters predicting possibly record flood levels on several rivers . Snow , which continued to fall Wednesday , complicated preparations , city officials said . "  I woke up this morning and looked outside , I guess I thought of the same thing everybody else did . ... -LSB- What -RSB- came to mind is what a revolting development this is , " said Mark Voxland , the mayor of Moorhead , Minnesota , a city just outside of Fargo . Watch flooded fields of snow " More than 1,000 people were evacuated from an area near Bismarck on Tuesday night as the Missouri River flooded , Rick Robinson of the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services said Wednesday . See a map of the affected area " Emergency officials said they were particularly concerned about the Red River , which snakes through eastern portions of North and South Dakota and western Minnesota . The river is expected to crest between 39 and 41 feet in Fargo on Friday , according to Cecily Fong of the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services . The record for the Red River at Fargo was set in 1897 at 40.1 feet , according to Pat Slattery of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The threat of flooding prompted authorities to ask for volunteers to fill sandbags either to build temporary dikes or to bolster existing ones . In some areas , even at 3:30 a.m. , hundreds of volunteers packed into individual sandbagging centers , an organizer said . See images of flooding , preparation " "  There have been so many volunteers that we had to turn people away , " said Ryan McEwan , a supervisor at one volunteer coordinating center . "  It is very busy . They are filling sandbags as fast as they can . " As of late Tuesday , Fargo residents and out-of-town volunteers had filled more than 1 million sandbags out of the needed 2 million . Fargo Deputy Mayor Tim Mahoney said he hoped that goal would be met by Thursday . Fargo 's mayor , Dennis Walaker , said Wednesday that his city was about 95 percent prepared for the flooding , which is expected later in the week . "  I went and looked at the dikes this morning , and they 're significant , absolutely significant , " he said in a briefing Wednesday morning . However , he said , "  We have some areas we need to shore up . " Just south of Fargo , authorities said they had rescued several people in Oxbow , a town of about 238 people , after a residential dike gave way . In some places , water had reached halfway up residents ' basement stairs , and in others , it had reached the main level of homes , Sgt. Gail Wichmann said . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Ice jam in Missouri River blown up , CNN affiliate KXMB reports Bismarck , surrounding areas threatened ; snow complicates preparations Fargo halfway to 2 million-sandbag goal , which may be met Thursday South of Fargo , town residents rescued after residential dike gives way
When Susie Lopez , 43 , was a little girl she would run outside her home in Angeles City , near the U.S. Clark Airbase in the Philippines , every time she heard a plane fly by . "  I would say ` bye bye , Dad ' because the only thing I knew about my father was my dad was riding a plane , " she recalls . The daughter of an American naval pilot and a Filipino mother , Lopez is one of an estimated 52,000 "  Amerasians " fathered by American military servicemen during the decades the U.S. Navy and Air Force had bases in the Philippines . The majority of their mothers worked as bar girls in the area 's thriving "  rest and recreation " industry , where soldiers were their regular clients . When the American military left the bases in the early 1990s , these children were left behind . On March 4 , in honor of International Amerasian Day , a group of 60 Filipino Amerasians from the cities surrounding former bases will celebrate in a special way . Their "  100 Letters to our Fathers " campaign will see the group - whose members range from teenage to those in their 50s - reach out with messages of love and hope to fathers almost all of them never knew . Many of the handwritten letters will be read aloud and will be accompanied by their photos and a short video showing conditions Amerasians have faced . All will be available on a new website , with the goal of bringing the issues of Filipino Amerasians in the Philippines from the sidelines to the surface . Left without fathers , many of these Amerasians were also abandoned by their mothers , who were often unable to care for them . The majority of children were raised in extreme poverty by family members or guardians , with little access to social services , and suffered from a lack of identity and intense discrimination . They were stigmatized for being illegitimate and for being the children of prostitutes . Amerasians fathered by African American soldiers say they suffered the most extreme prejudice . Brenda Moreno , 44 , does not know the name of her African-American father or her mother . She does not know where she belongs . She remembers a childhood where she hid at home because she looked different . "  They see my color and my hair and they tease me ` negra ' . I am always crying because I do n't feel good . I tell them when I grow up I am going to change my blood so I am going to be white , " she recalls . Anthony Dizon , 28 , says living with constant discrimination taught him to fight . "  When I walk on the streets people look at you from head to toe and make a face ... Or they say ` hey nigger , come here ' and then they punch me , " he says . Many are unable to finish school -- either due to financial problems , or out of frustration . Mark Gilbore , 24 , only finished third grade . "  I was always bullied in school because of my color ... And they accuse you of doing something just because you are different , " he says . Moreno feels caught in a vicious cycle : "  I ca n't find a good job because I ca n't go to school . I am just always working as a housemaid , " she says , "  How can I change my life ? I am just trying my best . " This feeling of helplessness often extends to the workplace . Dizon says he was even refused a job at a supermarket : "  They told me they ca n't hire me because I am black ... I feel so bad , so hurt . Why do n't they give me an opportunity ? " Dondie Moore , 22 , a second - generation Amerasian , feels the Philippines government has forgotten about them : "  We do n't have any laws . We do n't have any rights . They look at us as if we are aliens . "  I ca n't find a job to continue my life . " Alex Magno , Professor of Political Science at University of the Philippines , explains that this racial prejudice is deeply-rooted , but was strengthened by the country 's colonial past . "  We long ago considered the Malayo-Polynesian tribes superior and the Negrito tribes inferior , " he says . "  Hispanic culture merely reinforced that prejudice with its Eurocentric paradigm . Superimpose Hollywood . The standard of beauty is fair skin , tall nose , straight hair . " Growing up with such a lack of acceptance and economic hardship has taken an emotional and psychological toll on many . According to a three-year study conducted by Dr. Peter Kutschera , Director of the Philippine Amerasian Research Institute in Angeles City , "  we have a severely socioeconomically impaired population , especially among Africans , who contend with serious physical and mental stress issues , including homelessness , alcohol and drug abuse . " Having faced rejection on so many levels , many Amerasians consider themselves half American and long to be recognized , if not by their fathers , then by the U.S. government . But current legislation does not make it easy to become a citizen . Although the United States Congress passed the Amerasian Immigration Act of 1982 , which gave preferential immigration status to Amerasian children born in Korea , Thailand , Vietnam , Cambodia , Laos during the Vietnam War , it does not include those born in the Philippines . Filipino Amerasians can only become citizens if their father claims them . According to Kutschera 's research , one reason for this exclusion is the belief that Amerasians in the Philippines suffered much less discrimination than in those countries . Some Amerasians are children of a "  steady bar fine " relationship . "  This meant an American paid for you . You just took care of him during that time he was there , " said Alma Bulawan , President of Buklod , a group that works with former prostitutes and their families . "  He stays at your home , you cook and clean . Its like a steady live in partner . " Dizon is one of them . He is part of a minority that knows their father 's name , yet he has no paperwork to back up any claims . But he has not given up his search . "  I would tell him I love him and ask why he left me since birth , " he says . "  I will ask him why he abandoned me . I am black American . Every day I am thinking I want to go to USA or Africa because I feel I belong there . People have the same skin color . " But Shane Jackson , 19 , considers herself lucky . As a "  white Amerasian " , she has faced much less discrimination , and after a five-year search , recently found her father by using the Internet . "  It 's the feeling that you 're complete , " she says . "  The fact that he did n't deny me -- it is one great accomplishment . " But she explains that for those who may never find their fathers , having citizenship will at least make them feel they belong somewhere . Past attempts for the American government 's help have had little success . In 1993 , mothers of Amerasians and their children filed a class-action lawsuit against the U.S. government , asking for $ 68 million to care for 8,600 Amerasian children living in the town next to a former naval base . "  We wanted the American government to support the Amerasian children , " Bulawan said . "  We asked for money for food , shelter , education and health . " According to Father Shay Cullen , President of PREDA Foundation , the case was closed after the court decided most of the women were engaged in prostitution , which is an illegal activity and therefore could not be the basis for any legal claim . But the thousands of Amerasian children represented in that class action suit are now young adults . They have formed United Philippines Amerasians -- a loose network of formal and informal communities of Amerasians who plan to work on creating a national advocacy . They hope to reach out to Amerasians all over the Philippines , coordinate community-level projects , and develop support programs . Jackson says , "  I 'm just hoping that my generation has the chance to go to school . I hope the treatment of the people will change . I hope they will accept us , that we are Amerasians . "  We deserve to work . We deserve to be in any government institutions . We deserve everything . We 're all humans . "	Suzie Lopez is one of an estimated 52,000 "  Amerasians " fathered by U.S. servicemen in Philippines Majority of their mothers worked as bar girls in the area 's thriving "  rest and recreation " industry Many have grown up in poverty experiencing much discrimination along the way National Amerasian Day gives Amerasians the opportunity to put their issues in the spotlight
Editor 's note : Meloney Dunning , this year 's Real Simple "  Life Lessons Essay Contest " winner , describes the heartbreaking day when she decided to say good-bye to her newborn son , who was born prematurely . Real Simple  -- Sitting in the newborn intensive care unit five years ago , I could feel my heart pound in my chest and my throat tighten in panic at the sight of my son . Real Simple : How to make positive changes in your life The doctor had come to my bedside that morning and told me that Phoenix had suffered through a difficult night . But that did n't remotely prepare me for what I now witnessed . Alarms were ringing , the numbers on his monitors plummeting . All the while , my beautiful boy lay there , apparently peaceful , as chaos surrounded him . What frightened me most was that nobody rushed to his side . This state of frenzy , it seemed , was the status quo for our boy , and it was only my husband , Adam , and I who were distraught . Real Simple : How to tell if someone is lying Phoenix was just three days old . I had developed preeclampsia during my pregnancy and spent the last several weeks in the hospital , desperately trying to keep him inside and growing . Finally , at 27 weeks , my body decided that it could do no more . The doctors rushed me to the operating room , my frightened husband at my side , and delivered our tiny baby by Cesarean section . He was one pound , 12 ounces and just 12 inches long . Although he was very early and very small , I believed in him . I knew that he would thrive . Real Simple : How to stop procrastinating Now Adam and I sat at his bedside . After what felt like forever but was only a few minutes , the nurse approached us . She discussed some of Phoenix 's challenges and went to get his doctor . We waited , choking back fear and praying for a miracle . Real Simple : 24 nutritious and tasty snacks When the doctor came in , she was calm and gentle . I can not remember her name or her face . But what I remember is this : She began to describe to us the difficulties that Phoenix had faced in the last eight hours , the hours during which I had slept peacefully , aided by pain medicine and a false sense of security . He had suffered an intra-ventricular hemorrhage , or IVH , which is bleeding in the ventricles of the brain . There are four types , or grades , of severity , the doctor said , and she began to explain the complications related to each type . Real Simple : How to snack smarter I remember , too , how time warped as she talked on and on about the types . It was like a trick they do in movies , clock hands racing while someone drones in slow motion . Each time she described a grade , I expected her to stop and tell us that this was the type of IVH that Phoenix had had . But she kept going . At last , she mentioned a grade 4 hemorrhage , and she swallowed hard around the words . Fleetingly , my heart ached for this doctor who had to deliver such news to us , who had to tell us about the permanent damage that this hemorrhage was causing our son . Real Simple : 8 steps to a happier family life When she was finally , mercifully finished telling us what Phoenix was up against , we just sat there in shock . She gently explained that we could take time to make some decisions about how we would like to proceed with treatment and left us with our son . In the quiet of the newborn intensive care unit , I could feel the sobs building inside me . "  Hurry , " I begged my husband as he wheeled me back to my room . Once there , we both collapsed , allowing ourselves to release the grief behind this closed door . It did n't seem possible that this baby could fail , not this little boy who had spent the last many weeks dancing joyfully on my bladder . Not the feisty guy who had such bursts of energy inside my belly each day . Not our son , whom we had named years in advance , after the power of being renewed by fire . And , yet , here we were . As I was lying in my hospital bed in the weeks before Phoenix was born , I had often talked to him . I told him my fears about his health . I told him about my love for him . I cried many , many tears . One of my biggest fears , I told him , was that he would be born and spend hours being poked with needles and feeling nothing but anguish . While he still kicked inside me , I told him that if he needed to let go , if he was n't strong enough for this life , I could handle it . Especially if it meant that he could avoid being in pain . It was n't going to be that way . Adam and I had never really discussed the worst possibilities for our son , but we had decided a while back that whatever happened , we would be the ones to decide how Phoenix 's care proceeded . Now was the time to face that decision . While Phoenix still kicked inside me , I told him that if he needed to let go , if he was n't strong enough for this life , I could handle it . Especially if it meant that he could avoid being in pain . What we both knew was that we loved this little boy more than anything we had ever known before . We discussed the diagnosis we had been given and what that would mean for his , and our , future . And I knew this : My greatest fear for Phoenix was right before me , coming true inside these walls where life-and-death choices were made every day . The truth is , it did n't take long for Adam and me to decide that what we wanted was to keep our son comfortable . I thought of his tiny body in the incubator , respirator in place , blood-pressure cuff pumping , needles and catheters and scans and transfusions . It was not how we wanted him to live . What we wanted more than anything was for him to live the time that he had left knowing our touch , knowing our love , feeling that we were with him , no matter what . We called the few people we could bear to speak with and shared the news . We cried and cried and tried to hold each other , though I was too sore from my own surgery and weeks of bed rest to move into any comfortable position in my husband 's arms . When we were calm , we went back to Phoenix 's bedside . The doctor returned , and we told her that we did not want to continue his life support . We asked her if we could find a place to sit and rock him , a private place to say our good-byes and hold him tight . She did n't question our decision for one moment . She just ushered us to an empty room and told us that she was going to unhook the baby from his machinery . When the nurse brought my baby back into the room , it was the hardest moment of my life . Harder than hearing his diagnosis . Harder than making the decision to stop treatment . Here he was , our sweet little peanut , without any of the lifesaving equipment that he needed to keep him alive . Still , he rested peacefully in his tiny blanket and hat . When the nurse handed him to me for the first time , I fully realized how little , how light he really was . My husband and I held him and rocked him , petted him and cooed over him as all new parents do . The only difference being that our hello would also serve as a goodbye . I will always treasure the minutes we spent together in that room . I willed my son to know that no matter how hard it was , I was right here . I would not leave his side . Most of those momentsâ $ " his final momentsâ $ " I keep inside my heart and have never shared with anyone . They belong to us , Phoenix and Adam and me . The nurse stayed close by , and , eventually , she let us know that Phoenix had passed . His tiny , little spirit had flown from a body that could n't hold him . There was no sign from him , ever , in either life or death . Just peaceful release . In the days and years since his death , I have turned it all over and over in my head . I no longer ask why . Things , bad things , happen to people every day . I have doubted our decision at times , but I know that those thoughts come from fear . In my heart of hearts , I know that we did the best thing we could for our child . And only with this distance can I see that , perhaps , he did the best he could for me , too . By not listening to me and letting go before his birth , he gave me the gift of being his mother . And that is a gift I would never give up , no matter how much pain came along with the package . For Real Simple 's Sixth Annual Life Lessons Essay Contest , readers were asked : What is the bravest thing you have ever done ? Thousands of you responded , with essays that ranged from humorous to heart-breaking . In the end , Meloney Dunning , 39 , of Indianapolis , was named the winner , claiming a prize of $ 3,000 .	Meloney Dunning is the winner of Real Simple 's "  Life Lessons Essay Contest " Dunning 's newborn suffered an intra-vencular hemorrhage Dunning held her son in her arms as he died
Russian President Vladimir Putin says neo-fascist far-right groups are firmly behind the putsch -- coup d'etat -- in Kiev and questions the democratic credentials of "  men with black masks and Kalashnikovs " who became the poster children of the Maidan for Russians . Does this assessment have any truth to it ? In the fast-moving and chronically complex course of events in Ukraine , the issue has been debated from the beginning : the role of the far right in the events that led to the toppling of the Viktor Yanukovych government and in the present and future disposition of political power in the country . There are some known facts : First , far-right , anti-Semitic , anti-Russian and openly fascist groups have existed and do exist as a blight on modern Ukraine . A 2012 European Parliament resolution condemned the main -- but by no means most extreme -- ultra-right party , Svoboda , as "  racist , anti-Semitic and xenophobic . " This extraordinary EU resolution contains 18 points of concern over policies embedded in laws of the Ukrainian Rada , or Parliament . A key paragraph reads that the EU "  is concerned about the rising nationalistic sentiment in Ukraine . " The Parliament stresses that "  racist , anti-Semitic and xenophobic views go against the EU 's fundamental values and principles . " The resolution also appeals to pro-democratic parties in the Rada "  not to associate with , endorse or form coalitions with this party . " As if to endorse the sentiments of the EU resolution , the leader of Svoboda  or "  Freedom "  , Oleh Tyahnybok , is on record saying that Kiev is governed by "  a Jewish-Russian mafia " and has said Ukrainians bravely fought Muscovites , Germans , Jews "  and other scum " in World War II . This unsavory constituency , including the "  ultra " Right Sector movement , manned the barricades in the Kiev uprising , providing "  security " to the mainstream political opposition leaders and matching the pro-government forces in violent tactics that led to the dozens of dead in and around the Maidan . These rightist-nationalist forces were in large part responsible for the collapse of the agreement signed in February that called for early parliamentary and presidential elections and a return to the 2004 Ukrainian constitution , which harks back to the "  Orange Revolution " that brought a pro-West government to power in Ukraine . In backing away from this face-saving compromise , one that was negotiated with the approval of the French , German and Polish governments , and which surely would have resulted in the removal of Yanukovych , moderate opposition leaders essentially capitulated to the far right . The Russian position is also somewhat bolstered by the fact that Svoboda holds key posts in the interim government in Kiev , including that of deputy prime minister . Andriy Parubiy , the commander of the "  Maidan self-defense , " has been appointed the head of the National Security and Defense Council , and the leader of the Right Sector ultras , Dmitro Yarosh , is expected to become his deputy chairman . Svoboda controls the prosecutor general office and the ministries of ecology and agriculture . At very least , the interim government has made bedfellows of some highly suspect and divisive forces . But it is also true to say that many of the specific details of far-right activity and influence are anecdotal and perhaps contradictory . On the one hand , there are reports of Jewish homes in Lviv and the western part of Ukraine being daubed with anti-Semitic slogans ; on the other , Ukraine 's head rabbi has weighed in with the opinion that anti-Semitism is "  not on the rise . " A group of Jewish groups sent an open letter to Putin that said , in part , "  Your certainty of the growth of anti-Semitism in Ukraine also does not correspond to the actual facts . " It is also true that far-right forces are on the rise across Europe , including in the "  respectable " democracies of the West , and that their targets range from Jews to Roma to gays to any "  out " group , including the miscellany of new immigrants who are encouraged under European Union laws of free movement . Finally , it is true that the long reach of memory evokes images from 70 years ago , those of robust support in western Ukraine for the fascist side during World War II . This is especially true in the east and south of a divided country , those regions that look to Moscow rather than to Washington or Brussels . But these various points do not alter the fact that the European Parliament undertook the extraordinary measure of singling out Ukrainian ultra-nationalism , nor do they gainsay the role of its most influential exponent , Svoboda , in the new interim government . In this context , and even as they may disagree on specific measures to be taken the path toward a prosperous , peaceful , united , democratic Ukraine , sober observers agree that this can be achieved only with the marginalization of the far right . Unfortunately , the appointments of ultra-rightists to the interim government place this in serious question . Looking ahead , we must hope that the meeting in Brussels of the European foreign ministers , including Russia -- the first , we assume , of several -- may create a blueprint for Ukraine based on cooperative solutions rather than confrontation .	Russian President Putin says violent far-right groups are behind coup d'etat in Kiev David Speedie : Far-right activity might be exaggerated , but EU has condemned them Speedie : The far-right party Svoboda holds key posts in the new Ukrainian government He says the far right must be marginalized to attain a democratic , peaceful Ukraine
What if war is triggered by accident or some kind of miscalculation on the Korean peninsula ? This is a possibility that has provoked worry , analysis and preparations for more than 50 years . The recent bellicose rhetoric from the young , unproven leader of North Korea raises this possibility to a new height . What precisely is the risk , and what should be done about it ? The angry rhetoric of Kim Jong Un has set a record for extremism . And yet , going all the way back to the negotiating tactics used in the Korean War , the North has used an extreme , abusive and contradictory style . Anything conceded to them was taken , but they conceded nothing . Anything up for negotiation was met with ever heightening demands . Every offer of compromise was met with an angry rhetoric of denial . Repeated rounds or negotiations over the succeeding decades have seen little change . And their public rhetoric has always been harsh and hyperbolic . Opinion : North Korea is far from suicidal But it has n't been only rhetoric over the years . In the 1960s , U.S. soldiers serving in Korea were authorized to wear their division 's insignia on the right shoulder , the so-called combat patch . A U.S. Navy ship was attacked , boarded and seized with its crew held captive in 1968 . A U.S. Army major and another soldier were beaten to death in the Korean Demilitarized Zone in 1976 . Again and again , North Korea has defied international accords , laws and common sense , creating and exporting long-range missiles , building nuclear capabilities and engaging in kidnappings , sabotage and cyberattack . But there has been no war . We attribute this to three factors . First , we believe the overwhelming power of the United States guarantees that any North Korean attack would , eventually , result in the utter destruction of the regime . Second , the South Korean leadership has shown remarkable restraint in the face of humiliating North Korean provocations . Third , the North Koreans may not have ever intended to attack , though we have no way of knowing , or they understand that the combined U.S.-South Korean forces would destroy North Korea should war begin . The U.S. and South Korean deterrent remains strong -- in both rhetoric and deployable , effective military power . But what about miscalculation ? Yes , it is always possible that Kim may doubt that the United States would act , despite all the evidence to the contrary . Or , perhaps he miscalculates how far he can push the South Koreans . It is possible that a North provocation could be so extreme that the South would be compelled by its own domestic politics to respond militarily -- say a tit-for-tat ship-sinking . Or maybe such an incident occurs by accident , if overzealous commanders make a wrong move . Opinion : Does North Korea think U.S. going soft ? And then Kim , fearing that his own associates would mistake forbearance for weakness , would escalate in turn , thus initiating a cycle of intensifying moves that could spread conflict and turn into a war that neither side could back away from . The risk is higher now than before because Kim 's bellicose rhetoric may mask real weaknesses in his authority or in his understanding . The rising rhetoric raises tensions  as it is probably designed to do  . These tensions increase the risks of fear or pride , which could lead to an inadvertent incident . Should an incident occur , there will be pressure on leaders of both sides to retaliate and even escalate hostility . The consequences of conflict are higher than before , given the North 's nuclear and missile capabilities . What should be done ? First , ensure that the U.S. deterrent is capable and credible . This requires that we have the capability to both defend ourselves and strike back , and that we make it as clear as possible to the North Koreans our resolve to use these capabilities if challenged . Second , assure our South Korean allies that we will stand with them , so they can afford politically to be restrained . Third , strike a balance between demonstrating resolve in public and , simultaneously , working to reduce tensions . North Korea must always be given an "  out " from the box of escalating threats it has constructed , but the out must not involve U.S.-South Korean concessions , apologies or any signs of hesitancy , weakness or lack of resolve . This requires artful balancing of military demonstrations , deployments , statements and behind-the-scenes dialogue with China and others in the region . Opinion : Kim Jong Un is not crazy The odds are that there will be no conflict . Good odds . The U.S. and South Korean leadership is experienced . And so are those behind the young leader in the North . This is a familiar game , but one whose risks far outweigh any actual benefits to the North . Why is the world fascinated by North Korea ?	Wesley Clark : What if war is triggered by accident or some kind of miscalculation ? Clark : The recent bellicose rhetoric from North Korea raises the possibility However , North Korea has a history of using extreme words to scare opponents Clark : The U.S. and South Korean deterrent remains strong ; odds are there wo n't be war
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The scene after a bomb exploded in the center of Oslo on Friday reminded New Yorker Ian Dutton of what he witnessed after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the United States . The scale of the Oslo explosion was smaller than that of 9/11 , but the stunned feeling and confusion in the aftermath were eerily similar . "  Seeing the emergency response gives me that same feeling in my spine of being in someone 's crosshairs , " Dutton said . The roads near the government buildings that were the target of the attack were free of most people except emergency responders , whose reflective yellow jackets contrasted with their surroundings . Debris covered the streets -- pieces of metal , poles and glass littered the area . Photos from the state-run broadcaster NRK showed emergency personnel putting people on stretchers and wheeling them through the debris from the blast . Video showed one government building with its windows mostly blasted out along one side . The blast could be felt for miles , witnesses said . "  It rocked me out of bed , " Dutton said . "  The building that sustained the explosion had a helipad on its roof and now has beams hanging from it , " Dutton said . Most of the windows were blown out , and curtains were dangling . "  I can see the warped metal of the building , " he said . There was a line of yellow ambulances by the scene , and a police cordon kept onlookers back . "  I did n't know Oslo had so many ambulances , " he said . "  Everything is like a movie , " said Paul Ronneberg , who works three blocks from the explosion . "  You can feel some kind of mystic energy surrounding the town . It 's very quiet . Most of the city center is closed of the police . The smiling Norwegian people are n't smiling anymore . " Emily Anderson , a 22-year-old waitress from Fargo , North Dakota , was in Norway on her second day of a family vacation . "  I was in a store with a younger sister and a younger cousin and we were in there shopping and heard a humongous bang and felt an explosion , " she said . "  We were on a lower level of a store and when we heard it , we gathered at the front doorway of the store . You could see tons of smoke pouring out of this building . It was extremely loud . " Others on the street appeared to be in shock , she said . "  I thought we were going to die . It was scary . It felt like 9/11 . " "  It sounded like a thunderclap , but louder than a thunderclap could be , " said Anderson 's 33-year-old cousin , Dawn Lubka , a nurse from Minneapolis who was in her room at the Comfort Hotel Borsparken in Oslo when the blast occurred . She said she initially assumed it was a construction accident , as there are lots of new buildings and a new opera center going up nearby . But when she looked online , she found out what had really happened . "  I asked the concierge , politically , why would they have bombings here ? The Norwegians could n't believe that it could be a bombing in their city . He said , honestly , ` It 's because we 're friends with you . Because  Norway  is helping with troops in Afghanistan . ' " Morten Vaage said he was about 800 meters from the explosion when it occurred after he had attended a parade to welcome his brother and other soldiers back from Afghanistan . At the parade , the Norwegian defense minister , Grete Faremo , had addressed the soldiers "  and emphasized how lucky we are to live in this country of Norway , where we are safe and free , " he said . The explosion soon after contrasted sharply with her words . "  It did not feel like Norway , " he said . "  I heard the explosion and the whole central  train  station shook . ... People were shocked ; some were crying , some were bleeding . " Ulrik Fredrik Thyve was finishing a day 's work when he heard the "  huge , enormous bang . " "  The explosion was immense ; my office felt like it contracted , expanded , and windows were blown all over the building , " he said . "  Dust , smoke , people bleeding everywhere . I walked out and towards ground zero to see if there was anything to do . " Police evacuated him and his co-workers from the area . Nick Soubiea , an American-Swedish tourist in Oslo , said he was less than 100 yards from the blast , which he described as deafening . "  It was almost in slow motion , like a big wave that almost knocked us off our chairs , " he told CNN . "  It was extremely frightening . " He said the streets were crowded with people trying to get away from the center of the city . "  There are people running down the streets , people crying , everyone 's on their cell phones calling home , " he said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Nicole Saidi , Carly Costello , Jesicca Ellis , Joe Sterling and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The smiling Norwegian people are n't smiling any more , " says one witness People say they could hear the blast from far away Debris covered the streets "  It was almost in slow motion , " one person says
CNN  -- A delegation of painters and calligraphers , a group of Buddhists returning from a religious gathering in Kuala Lumpur , a three-generation family , nine senior travelers and five toddlers . Most of the 227 passengers on board missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 were Chinese , according to the airline 's flight manifest . The 12 missing crew members on the flight that disappeared early Saturday were Malaysian . Other passengers were from India , Indonesia , Australia , the United States , France , New Zealand , Ukraine , Canada , Russia and the Netherlands , the airline said . The airline 's list showed the passengers hailed from 14 countries , but later it was learned that two people named on the manifest -- an Austrian and an Italian -- whose passports had been stolen were not aboard the plane . The plane was carrying five children under 5 years old , the airline said . On Saturday , Texas-based Freescale Semiconductor confirmed that 20 employees were passengers on Flight 370 . Twelve are from Malaysia and eight from China , the company said . "  At present , we are solely focused on our employees and their families , " Gregg Lowe , Freescale 's president and CEO , said in the statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by this tragic event . " First officer was transitioning to 777-200s Later , the company tweeted : "  Your thoughtful words and prayers for Freescale families and friends affected by MH370 give comfort . " The company was making counselors available with around-the-clock support for employees affected by the tragedy , the statement said . The 154 passengers from China  including Taiwan  included a group of painters and calligraphers and Buddhists returning from a religious gathering , Chinese state media reported . Relatives of the Chinese citizens aboard gathered Saturday at a hotel complex in the Lido district of Beijing as a crowd of reporters gathered outside . "  My son was only 40 years old , " one woman wailed as she was led inside . "  My son , my son . What am I going to do ? " Agonized families await answers Family members were kept in a hotel conference room , where media outlets had no access . Most of the family members have so far refused to talk to reporters . An Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman said a man listed on the airline 's manifest is safe and was never aboard the aircraft . The Austrian national 's passport was stolen two years ago , Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Weiss said . Italian Foreign Ministry spokesman Aldo Amati also said no one from his country was on the plane , even though an Italian was on the manifest . Malaysian officials said they were aware of reports the Italian 's passport had been stolen , but had not confirmed that . U.S. nationals on the plane 's manifest were identified by the airline as Philip Wood , 51 ; Nicole Meng , 4 ; and Yan Zhang , 2 . A senior U.S. State Department official confirmed Saturday that three U.S. citizens were aboard the aircraft . Embassy officials were trying to determine whether additional U.S. citizens were on the flight . "  We extend our deepest condolences to the loved ones of those on board Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  Officials from the U.S. Embassies in Kuala Lumpur and Beijing are in contact with the individuals ' families . Out of respect for them , we are not providing additional information at this time . " Among them is Philip Wood , who graduated from Oklahoma Christian University in 1985 according to school spokeswoman Risa Forrester . He earned a bachelor of science degree , concentrating in math and computer science , and belonged to the Delta Gamma Sigma service organization , Forrester said . On Oklahoma Christian 's Facebook page , one woman lamented the "  heartbreaking news " while a man remembered Wood as "  gentle , kind , had great taste in music and was a wonderful artist . " "  Philip Wood was a man of God , a man of honor and integrity . His word was gold , " his family said in a statement . "  Incredibly generous , creative and intelligent , Phil cared about people , his family , and above all , Christ . "  Though our hearts are hurting , we know so many families around the world are affected just as much as us by this terrible tragedy . " Stolen passports raise possibility of terrorism in missing flight CNN 's Steven Jiang , Bharati Naik , Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Philip Wood , an Oklahoma Christian grad , is among those missing NEW : "  So many families around the world are affected , " his family says State media : Most passengers were Chinese , including a group of artists At least three U.S. citizens were on the plane
CNN  The national flag of the United States of America can be found hanging off homes across the country , flapping atop Mount Everest and sitting on the moon 's surface . Here are some of the most unique places iReporters have spotted America 's stars and stripes . Have you seen the American flag in an unexpected place ? Share your photos with CNN iReport for a chance to be featured .	iReporters share unusual spots they 've seen the stars and stripes The flag of the United States was first adopted on June 14 , 1777
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man charged with breaking into LL Cool J 's home Wednesday morning faces a long prison sentence if convicted because of his previous convictions , the prosecutor 's spokeswoman said Thursday . Jonathan Kirby , 56 , suffered a broken nose , jaw and ribs when he encountered the muscular rapper-actor inside his Sherman Oaks , California , home , according to Los Angeles County District Attorney spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons . Get more celebrity news on CNN 's Marquee Blog Prosecutors charged Kirby with first degree burglary as a "  third striker , " which means he could face 38 years to life in prison if convicted , Gibbons said . They are asking that bail for Kirby be set at $ 1.1 million . Kirby was previously convicted of voluntary manslaughter in Dallas , Texas , in 1988 . He also has auto theft , first degree burglary and a petty theft conviction in Los Angeles on his record , Gibbons said . Arraignment for the suspect is not yet set , because he is still hospitalized for treatment of injuries inflicted by LL Cool J when he "  physically detained " him , she said . The family was sleeping when their home security alarm sounded at 1 a.m. , sending LL Cool J into action , according to a Los Angeles Police statement . After catching the man , he held him until police arrived , police said . LL Cool J , whose real name is James Todd Smith , plays Special Agent and former Navy SEAL Sam Hanna on "  NCIS : Los Angeles , " a CBS crime series . Police : LL Cool J catches burglary suspect Previously on CNN.com : LL Cool J introduces My Connect Studio CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Jonathan Kirby faces 38 years to life in prison if convicted because of third strike law Kirby was previously convicted of voluntary manslaughter in Texas , prosecutor 's office says Burglary suspect is still hospitalized for treatment of injuries inflicted by LL Cool J
New York  CNN  -- Several items that once belonged to sporting legends such as Babe Ruth , Muhammad Ali and "  Shoeless " Joe Jackson went up for auction Saturday evening in New York , fetching millions of dollars . The auction , organized by the Heritage Auction House , took place Saturday evening at the Ukrainian Institute of America in New York City . The item which brought in the most money was "  Shoeless " Joe Jackson 's game-used rookie bat from 1911 . The bat sold for an "  incredible " $ 958,000 , according to Noah Fleisher , a spokesperson for Heritage Auctions . Jackson is remembered today as the biggest star of the 1919 Chicago White Sox to be banned for life from organized baseball for throwing that year 's World Series . "  This bat serves as a key piece of evidence for the many millions who believe that Jackson deserves enshrinement in the Baseball Hall of Fame , " said Chris Ivy , director of sports collectibles at Heritage Auctions . Going into the auction , the Heritage House anticipated that Babe Ruth 's pocket watch would bring in the most money . Ruth was presented the watch after helping the New York Yankees beat the New York Giants in the 1923 World Series . The watch , which for a time was believed to be lost , was auctioned off for $ 717,000 , according to the auction house . "  As the Babe 's personal award for the first world championship in New York Yankees franchise history , I believe that this is the most important piece of New York Yankees memorabilia that exists , " Ivy said . Boxing gloves worn by Ali in the 1964 fight in which he shocked the world and unseated heavyweight champion Sonny Liston sold for $ 836,500 , Fleisher said . Ali -- who had yet to change his name from Cassius Clay when he first met Liston in Miami -- had previously won a gold medal in the 1960 Olympics in Rome , but he did n't become a household name until after beating Liston . Another item that made headlines were shards of the bat that Roger Clemens threw at Mike Piazza during the 2000 World Series after Piazza broke his bat after making contact with "  The Rocket 's " pitch . The shards went for $ 47,500 , according to Fleisher .	"  Shoeless " Joe Jackson 's 1911 bat goes for nearly $ 1 million at auction Babe Ruth 's pocket watch , given to him after the 1923 World Series , nets $ 717,000 The gloves Muhammad Ali wore when he beat Sonny Liston in go for $ 836,500 The auction was held at the Ukrainian Institute of America in New York City
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- After harsh criticism and controversy , the 2010 Commonwealth Games will officially begin Sunday in New Delhi , India . It 's the first time India has hosted the international sporting event between countries of the former British Empire . Britain 's Prince Charles , representing his mother , Queen Elizabeth , arrived in the Indian capital Saturday . He , along with Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil , will officially declare the games open at a ceremony at Jawarharlal Nehru Stadium . Excitement filled the air in New Delhi after days of fears that India simply would not be ready in time . Athletes had expressed alarm over the poor condition of their village . Others charged shoddy construction and slammed the government for corruption . The games afforded India an opportunity to promote a shiny image as an emerging power . The government spent billions on a new international airport , additional metro lines and fresh landscaping along dingy Delhi roads . Still , India remains a country with millions of poor people , who this week felt brushed aside as the new India tried to put its best face forward . People like Shanti , a 65-year-old beggar , who said she was detained by police for sitting on the side of a street , where she always sits , hoping that passers-by will drop a few coins in her hands . Or Mala Mangla , who sells balloons on the streets . She said police have told her to disappear for at least a month . India , they said , was trying to hide them from foreign visitors . They said beggars have been warned to stay off the streets . So have vendors and children who are commonly seen going from car to car begging . And shanties have been torn down . "  There has been a very strong movement by the government . . to get rid of the filth and to portray the beautified and shining India , " said Maushmi Basu , a migrant worker activist . Police and government officials contacted by CNN did not return calls . The Indian government maintains that it respects the rights of the poor . But there are also laws against begging and putting up structures without proper permits and begging is illegal in New Delhi . The games have been a tough act for a nation that has never hosted such a large international event . Months earlier , Parliament was forced to deal with accusations of corruption in the planning of the games . Two weeks ago , gunmen fired on a tourist bus in New Delhi and injured two Taiwanese tourists . A car blaze turned out to be a crudely manufactured bomb . And a militant group warned that it planned to target the games . Indian law enforcement authorities responded with a heightened security plan , placing thousands of extra forces on the streets of the capital . If all that were n't enough , two days before athletes were scheduled to begin arriving , complaints rang out across the globe about their shoddy living quarters . "  You know , construction dust is still there , filth , excrement , it really is disgusting in parts and it really requires a professional deep clean throughout the entire complex , " said Michael Hooper , chief executive officer of the Commonwealth Games Federation . As if to amplify Hooper 's complaint , a pedestrian bridge leading to Nehru stadium collapsed that same day . India 's image was slipping faster than a rocket . Two world-class athletes canceled their trips , citing security and health concerns . Entire teams threatened to do the same , while others delayed their arrival date . Indian officials went to work on a massive clean-up effort . In the end , athletes from 71 countries showed up and have settled in . India still wants to make a lasting impression on its visitors . Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit said she hoped the Commonwealth Games would leave a legacy that will ultimately make life more comfortable for the residents of India 's sprawling capital -- rich and poor . Organizers certainly hope that with opening ceremonies Sunday , the glow will wipe out the gloom . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report	The opening ceremony is Sunday It follows days of criticism that India was unprepared New Delhi 's poor say police have ordered them out of sight The games are a chance for India to shine on the global stage
CNN  -- Donald Trump 's decision to let Miss California USA Carrie Prejean keep her title convinced Shanna Moakler to quit as head of the pageant 's California organization . Shanna Moakler talks with HLN 's Mike Galanos about why she resigned as director of Miss California USA . Moakler , a former Miss USA , said she could not stay with Trump 's Miss Universe organization "  when I no longer believe in it . " As the Miss California USA co-executive director , Moakler did not hide her displeasure with Prejean during the controversy over her same-sex marriage comments and the emergence of semi-nude photos . Moakler spoke exclusively with Mike Galanos , host of HLN 's Prime News , about why she resigned . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Galanos : Why the change of heart after the press conference ? Moakler : I was n't really privy to what was going to be happening at the press conference . We were in Donald Trump 's office , and we spoke with him briefly . Carrieand her family spoke with him briefly . We all got in and spoke together , and we were hashing things out . But I never really felt 100 percent , and I never really felt truly heard . I was hoping for the best . After the press conference when I went back to my hotel room , I just really sat down with myself . I do n't believe she is going to comply with the contract , and I was n't really happy with what happened at the press conference . I slept on it , and I woke up the next morning and was watching "  The Today Show . " I was sitting there watching her basically still make excuses . My biggest problem is that she 's never really taken responsibility for herself . She 's constantly pointing the finger at everybody else . Galanos : You 're talking about the pictures ? Moakler : Yes , the pictures . I could n't stand by it anymore , and on top of it , the lying continues . Our contracts as state licensees were basically made invalid . For me , it was just too much . Galanos : When you say the lies , are you talking about the pictures where she says it was a windy day and the wind blew her top open ? Moakler : Yes , in that particular point . It 's such a complicated story with so many factors weighing in . For me , it was always about the contract . I did n't go to New York to get her decrowned . But I was hoping at some point in time at that press conference that there would be some accountability and there was n't . Galanos : What happened in that meeting ? Did you and Carrie talk it out ? Did it get heated ? Moakler : There was tension -LSB- and -RSB- it was a little heated . It was the first time since Miss USA that we were all together in the room . She had read articles , I had read articles , she had seen interviews , I had seen interviews , there were feelings . At the end of the day , I 've known Carrie for a long time . She stayed in my home , she was my friend . We cared about each other so there was a lot of hurt , but we were talking , we were working things out . It went very quickly . Galanos : You say "  you cared " -LSB- and that -RSB- she was your "  friend . " Is the relationship over ? Moakler : I 'm a mother . I have three children , and I still care about Carrie . I think she 's been exploited and used as a tool for some of these other people 's agendas and these different organizations . My biggest complaint is that it was never addressed and it was never reprimanded . It makes my contract as a state director void for my contestants . She was rewarded for that , and I do n't think that 's fair . Galanos : Let 's back track to the beginning . When you heard that answer -- and you 're a same-sex marriage proponent -- were you angry with Carrie ? Did you want her to lose at that point ? What was your reaction ? Moakler : I was n't angry ; I was a little hurt . A great deal of our sponsors are gay and have supported her . I did not physically go and see her after the pageant , but I did write her . I congratulated her . I told her I was happy that she stayed true to herself , but I also conveyed that I think she hurt some people that really loved and cared about her . Galanos : Why ca n't someone give that answer to that question and still be Miss USA ? Moakler : She can , she absolutely can . But there were gay judges on her panel of judges , and there were some people that did n't like that answer . One of the things you have to take into consideration is your judges . Galanos : Do you think she lost it because of that answer ? Moakler : No , and it 's been shown through the scores that she was n't winning in points at that particular point . This has never been about her opinion . We all want her to have her opinion . She is able , and this is where the First Amendment argument has come into this . The thing is , this is a young girl who was on a public stage , and I do n't think she was prepared or ready to handle the backlash of the other side , and there was another side that has the same right to voice their opinion of not liking what she said . There was no persecution . It 's just that there are other people that are allowed to disagree . Galanos : When you were in the office with Donald Trump and you 're about ready to go to the press conference , he says "  Carrie 's keeping the crown . " Did you object at that point ? Moakler : I knew she was keeping the title before going in there . I had said to him , "  What happens if she continues to breech her contract ? " And he said , "  I 'll fire her . " I said , "  What happens if more pictures come out ? " He said , "  I 'll fire her . " I thought he would convey that in the press conference , but I did n't see that . It was more finger-pointing and basically being honored again . It was a hard pill to swallow . You have to understand that taking big business in New York back to California makes it hard for me to run my pageant . Galanos : Is there something you could have done to calm things ? Moakler : -LSB- If she had spoken to me after the pageant , -RSB- I would have stayed by her and supported her and found out what the next steps were that she might have wanted to take . I would have helped her with some of the media training . I would have made sure she was more educated on the topic she was speaking about so when she did do these interviews and she was handling all of this pressure and heated debates -LSB- that -RSB- she would be able to speak intelligently and clearly . She would be able to express her opinions . I would be able to convey to her how to understand why she 's getting attacked and where these things are coming from . There were so many organizations that latched on to her , I did n't even stand a chance .	Shanna Moakler says Carrie Prejean has not taken responsibility for herself She says there was "  tension " when she met with Prejean and Donald Trump Moakler : Prejean has "  been exploited and used as a tool " Prime News airs weeknights at 5-7 p.m. ET on HLN
CNN  -- Paolo Guerrero scored twice as Hamburg took over top spot in the German Bundesliga on goal difference from Bayer Leverkusen after a 3-1 victory against bottom club Cologne on Sunday . Paolo Guerrero celebrates after scoring his second goal for Hamburg in the win over Cologne . Leverkusen had gone three points clear on Saturday night with a 2-1 win against Bochum . Peru striker Guerrero netted the opening goal against visiting Cologne after being picked out by David Jarolim in the 19th minute . Bruno Labbadia 's Hamburg team needed until the 66th minute before doubling the lead , with Guerrero again giving goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon no chance . However , winless Cologne pulled one back with a spectacular long-range effort from substitute Adil Chihi before Piotr Trochowski 's late penalty wrapped up the points following a foul by Mondragon on midfielder Ze Roberto . Earlier on Sunday , Werder Bremen moved up to third on goal difference following a 3-2 win at struggling Hertha Berlin . Bremen joined Schalke and Borussia Monchengladbach on seven points after all five goals were scored in just over half an hour in the second period . Bremen midfielder Mesut Ozil squandered the best chance of the first half when he hit the post with just goalkeeper Jaroslav Drobny to beat , but made amends when he broke the deadlock from a similar situation 12 minutes after the interval . Tim Borowski doubled the lead on 74 after Drobny failed to hold a shot from Torsten Frings , then the hosts pulled one back with a 20-yard free-kick from Lukasz Piszczek . Naldo made it 3-1 with seven minutes to go when he headed home from a corner before Patrik Ebert smashed in a brilliant late long-range effort to set up a tense finish . Meanwhile , Hannover have appointed caretaker manager Andreas Bergmann as coach until the end of the season to replace Dieter Hecking , who resigned two weeks ago .	Hamburg take top spot in Bundesliga on goal difference from Bayer Leverkusen Paolo Guerrero scores twice in 3-1 victory at home to bottom club Cologne Werder Bremen move up to third following a 3-2 win at struggling Hertha Berlin Bremen join Schalke and Borussia Monchengladbach on seven points
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In the largest settlement in the history of U.S. securities fraud cases , Enron shareholders and investors will split more than $ 7.2 billion from financial institutions accused of playing a role in the energy giant 's downfall . About 1.5 million people will share the $ 7.2 billion Enron settlement , an attorney said . About 1.5 million people and entities are eligible to share in the distribution of the money , according to Dan Newman , a spokesman for the law firm that represented the lead plaintiffs . "  Investors will get an average of $ 6.79 per share of common stock and an average of $ 168.50 per share of preferred stock , " Newman said . To be eligible for the settlement , investors and shareholders needed to have purchased Enron or Enron-related securities between September 9 , 1997 , and December 2 , 2001 . Texas-based Enron collapsed in 2001 after revelations of fraudulent accounting practices . Several former executives were convicted and sentenced to prison terms on charges relating to the accounting scheme . The fall of the company cost 4,000 employees their jobs and many of them their life savings , and the collapse led to billions of dollars of losses for investors . Newman said that the firm hopes to make a distribution by the end of the year . "  The order approving the plan of allocation is a big step toward that goal , " he said . U.S. District Judge Melinda Harmon in Houston , Texas , approved the plan Monday . Harmon also granted attorneys ' fees in the amount of 9.52 percent of the recovery , or approximately $ 688 million , plus interest . "  We 're pleased that the court recognizes the tremendous amount of work , skill and determination required to overcome significant obstacles in this complicated case and recover over $ 7 billion for defrauded investors , " said the attorney for the lead plaintiffs , Patrick Coughlin of Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP . The settlement includes payments of $ 2.4 billion from CIBC , $ 2.2 billion from JPMorgan Chase and $ 2 billion from Citigroup , according to court documents . Smaller amounts come from Arthur Andersen , Lehman and Bank of America . The deal and the attorneys fees are the largest in history in a U.S. securities fraud case , according to court documents . The financial institutions were accused in the lawsuit of participating in fraudulent accounting practices leading to Enron 's collapse .	Enron case is largest settlement awarded in U.S. securities fraud case 1.5 million people and entities are eligible to share in $ 7.2 billion settlement Money could be distributed by the end of the year , attorney says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States replaced the top allied commander in Afghanistan on Monday , deciding "  fresh eyes " are needed to reverse the course of the seven-year-old war there , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said . Gen. David McKiernan is being replaced as commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan . Gen. David McKiernan , who has held the post for less than a year , will be replaced by Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , a former special operations chief , Gates announced . He told reporters there was "  nothing specific " behind McKiernan 's removal , but that "  new leadership and fresh eyes " were needed in a war that Washington admits it is not winning . "  We have a new strategy , a new mission and a new ambassador . I believe that new military leadership also is needed , " Gates said . McKiernan will remain in place until the Senate confirms the appointments of McChrystal and his designated deputy , Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez . Both have previous experience in Afghanistan and more history with counterinsurgency operations than McKiernan . Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in March that the Afghan war "  is winnable , but we are not winning . " Since taking office in January , President Obama has committed an additional 21,000 troops and trainers to Afghanistan in an effort to battle a resurgent Taliban and signed off on McKiernan 's replacement , the White House said . "  The president was grateful for and impressed by the leadership that Gen. McKiernan demonstrated in calling for additional resources for the fight in Afghanistan , " the White House said in a written statement . "  This change of direction in Afghanistan in no way diminishes the president 's deep respect for Gen. McKiernan and his decades of public service . " And in a statement of his own , McKiernan said the U.S. military "  must remain committed to the great people of Afghanistan . " "  While the Taliban and other terrorist groups offer only lies and fear , our continued efforts promote freedom and hope , " he said . The United States invaded Afghanistan in October 2001 in response to the September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington . It quickly displaced the ruling Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but the top al Qaeda and Taliban leaders slipped the noose and remain at large . A total of 1,135 allied troops , including 678 Americans , have been killed in Afghanistan since the war began . The Taliban . meanwhile , has taken root in neighboring Pakistan , which launched a new offensive against the militants last week . McChrystal and Rodriguez "  bring a unique skill set in counterinsurgency to these issues , and I think that they will provide the kind of new leadership and fresh thinking that the admiral and I have been talking about , " Gates said . Gates ' announcement came less than a week after Obama met with the presidents of Afghanistan and Pakistan and pledged a more coordinated effort to defeat the insurgents . Afghanistan , meanwhile , has been complaining about civilian deaths in U.S. airstrikes , including one last week that killed dozens of people . But Gates said civilian casualties are down in Afghanistan compared with last year , while U.S. and allied casualties are up by 75 percent . "  There is a tremendous effort going on , on our part to try and avoid civilian casualties , " he said . "  But figuring out how to come out better on the strategic communications side of this is an ongoing challenge for us . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense Secretary says "  fresh eyes " are needed to reverse course of war Gen. David McKiernan to stay in post until Senate confirms successor Gates speaks of McKiernan 's "  long and distinguished career " Slated to take over for McKiernan is Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal
Wired  -- Joe Wilkins knew there was only one way to give his supercharged , alcohol-injected Hemi-engined hot rod more power : Put a jet engine in the trunk . "  It started as a hobby and turned into a monster , " said Joe Wilkins , the motor madman behind what might be the wildest 1939 Ford ever built . He 's an inventor and defense department contractor , and the idea of goosing the Ford 's ability to turn heads and shred tires came when he bought a used gas turbine engine . "  I got hooked on the simplicity and power that this thing produced , and I decided one day I want to put it in a car . " Luckily for us , he did . The Hemi Jet -- Wilkins has copyrighted the name -- fires up this weekend at the Houston AutoRama , and Wilkins plans to attempt a land speed record in the near future . In the meantime , he 's tooling around Navasota , Texas , in what he says is the ultimate sleeper when the jet engine 's tucked away in the trunk . Most people say "  Nice car " and assume he 's got the obligatory small-block Chevrolet engine under the hood . Little do they know . "  I can drive it up to the store and get a gallon of milk if I want to , " he told Autopia . The car is an amalgamation of the Big Three , with a Chrysler engine , Chevrolet drivetrain and Ford body . Wilkins says the jet engine was probably used as an APU and weighs 110 pounds . He claims the car is street legal so long as the jet stays stowed . He fires it up from time to time to show off , and he plans to run it flat-out at the Bonneville Salt Flats . "  We want to be the fastest street legal car in the world , " he said . He 's got some intense competition . The Bugatti Veyron tops out at 253 mph and the Shelby Supercars Ultimate Aero TT does 255 . And then there 's Red Vector One , that crazy Vauxhall that does zero to 60 in under a second . Record , schmecord -- we just want to see the video . "  I 'm more than certain the car will go over 300 , " Wilkins said . "  We 've still got a ways to go -LSB- before Bonneville -RSB- , but not a long way . We 'll have to experiment in some wind tunnels and end up with a spoiler on the back to keep the front end on the ground . " Sadly , Wilkins wo n't be behind the wheel during the car 's test run . "  I turned 61 last Sunday . I just do n't think I 'm going to be able to handle it -LSB- without -RSB- the reflexes I had 20 or 30 years ago , " he said . "  I know several people who would be more than interested . " So do we , and we even suggested Wilkins give the job to fellow jet-junkie Bob Maddox . After jumping from a plane with a pulse jet strapped to his chest , we suspect Maddox would welcome the opportunity to stay on the ground . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	A Texas man has outfitted a 1939 Ford with a jet engine he hopes will make it go more than 300 mph Nicknamed the "  Hemi Jet , " it fires up this weekend at the Houston AutoRama The car has a Chrysler engine , a Chevrolet drivetrain and a Ford body Owner Joe Wilkins plans to run it flat-out someday at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah
CNN  -- They say the first step to overcoming a problem is realizing you have one in the first place . If you asked me whether I 'm addicted to my smartphone or whether I overuse it , I would say absolutely not . I pride myself on not keeping my devices  I have two of them !  in my bedroom while I sleep , and keeping them out of reach on the kitchen counter when I 'm home with my kids . But , every time I walk into the kitchen , I find myself checking my email and Twitter feed . There 's almost a gravitational pull toward my BlackBerry and iPhone even when I know the chance that there is anything I need to see at that moment is next to zero . I feel that same pull the minute I wake up and make checking my devices one of the first things I do once I get out of bed . Those behaviors alone probably put me in the "  you have a problem " camp , but I 'm sorry to say there 's now even more evidence . I recently took the "  Smartphone Abuse Test , " an online quiz administered by the Center for Technology and Internet Addiction , one of the few organizations focused on the issue . ` I 've got a problem ' The quiz asks questions like : "  Do you find yourself spending more time on your Smartphone than you realize ? " and "  Do you feel reluctant to be without your Smartphone , even for a short time ? " If you answer "  yes " to more than five of the 15 questions , "  you might benefit by examining how much time you spend on your Smartphone , " according to the quiz . I answered "  yes " to 11 questions . I 've got a problem , and I 'm not alone . Dr. David Greenfield , the director of the Center for Internet and Technology Addiction , says around 90 % of Americans would fall in the category of overusing , abusing or misusing their devices , according to a recent nationwide telephone survey he did with 1,000 people in conjunction with AT&T . "  The analogy that I use is right before they go to bed , the last thing they do before they pass out is check their phone and the minute they open their eyes , they check their phone , " said Greenfield during an interview . "  Does n't that sound like a smoker ? This is what we used to hear with smokers is that the last thing they would do before they go to bed is they 'd have their last cigarette . " 61 % of respondents in the survey said they regularly sleep with their cell or smartphone turned on under their pillow or next to their bed , and more than 50 % feel uncomfortable when they leave their smartphone at home or in the car , or when they have no service or their phone is broken . Signs you are truly addicted Greenfield , who is also author of "  Virtual Addiction : Help for Netheads , Cyber Freaks and Those Who Love Them , " says fewer people would actually be classified as addicted to their devices . That number is around 10 to 12 % , according to his latest research . "  What puts somebody in that category is they are using it to a point where they are experiencing some degree of withdrawal . They are developing intolerance , meaning they are using it more and more , " said Greenfield , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Connecticut School of Medicine . "  They are using it like a drug so they 're bored , they pick up the phone . They 're tired , they pick up the phone . They 're lazy , they pick up their phone . They 're angry , they pick up the phone . They 're lonely , they pick up the phone . " To fall into the addicted camp , Greenfield also says your smartphone use has to have "  some deleterious impact on a major life sphere , whether it 's an impact on your work , your academic performance , your home life , primary relationship , parenting , legal status . " "  Let 's say you get pulled over and get a ticket for texting and driving . There has to be some negative impact generally for us to say you have a problem , " Greenfield said . And while the majority of Americans would n't be classifed as addicted , and are more likely overusing their devices , there is a fair amount of denial at work , he said . Greenfield 's research found that while 98 % of respondents said that texting while driving is dangerous , nearly 75 % admit having done it . "  Just like drinking and driving , people have a very poor perception of impact , so , in other words , people will be doing their normal thing , " he said . "  They 'll be driving and balancing their cell phone and drinking their coffee , and they 'll say to you , and they 'll mean it , that they are not impacted ... but actually we know from a lot of data and research that that is absolutely not true . " PHOTOS : Our mobile ` addiction ' So how else can you tell if you might be addicted to your smartphone or if you fall in the larger category of your smartphone use getting out of hand ? I asked on social media and got a tremendous response from people who were on their smartphones at the time ! Here are ten of my favorite responses : Ten signs you may have a problem 1 . When you check your phone to see the current temperature instead of opening a window , and/or when you check your phone to see the current time instead of looking at the watch that 's right on your wrist .  I just did this ! 2 . When you have to consciously say to your spouse "  Let 's put our phones away " while watching TV because it 's more common that they 're out than away . 3 . If you are answering emails in a dimly lit reception area while waiting for your massage therapist to destress you , you may have a problem .  OK , I 've done this too ! 4 . When your kids have to text you their carry-out orders because you 've lost the ability to retain information that is not received on your phone . 5 . When you hope you hit a bunch of red lights on the way home so you can comment on a Facebook post . 6 . When one of your daughter 's first drawings of you has a BlackBerry in your hand . 7 . When you wake up , you grab your phone and check it before you get up to pee . 8 . When you drop a phone on your face because you 're dozing off . 9 . When you choose your clothing based on the best pockets to hold your phone . 10 . When you are staring at photos you took on your phone while the actual moment is taking place right in front of you .  Done that too ! I promised ten but here is one more that cracked me up : If you let your lunch get cold so you could answer a query -- on your smartphone -- about signs you may have a problem with your devices . Do you think you are addicted to your smartphone or have a problem with how much you use it ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Online quiz allows people to assess if they have a problem with their smartphone use 90 % overuse or misuse their devices , according to Center for Internet and Technology Addiction About 10 to 12 % are addicted to their smartphones , says organization 's director 61 % sleep with their smartphones in their bedrooms , according to new survey
CNN  -- The next wave of smartphones and tablets might have super-sturdy screens fashioned from the human-made version of a gemstone . Manufactured sapphire , a substance already used to armor some military vehicles , would be an almost unbreakable alternative to the glass now used on the displays of mobile devices , according to a report in the MIT Technology Review . Sapphire is the second-hardest material on the planet , behind only diamond . According to the MIT report , a sapphire smartphone screen would n't break when you dropped it and could n't be scratched with a car key or by a sidewalk . "  I 'm convinced that some  manufacturers  will start testing the water and release some high-end smartphones using sapphire in 2013 , " Eric Virey , an analyst for the market research firm Yole DÃ © veloppement , said in the report . Currently , Apple uses manufactured sapphire to protect the camera lens on its iPhone 5 . Manufactured sapphire is made by melting down aluminum oxide , the compound that crystallizes into sapphire in nature , allowing it to cool and then cutting it with a diamond-coated wire saw . One stumbling block could be price . Currently , a sapphire display for a smartphone would cost about $ 30 , compared with $ 3 for the screens made by Corning 's Gorilla Glass , the protective cover that 's on more than 1 billion devices . The MIT report estimates that sapphire would be about three times stronger than Gorilla Glass . But Corning spokesman Daniel Collins said the company is n't too worried . "  It is unclear to us if this could provide better overall performance than actual glass , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  There also are the questions about cost and product weight that must be addressed before sapphire would be a serious consideration for mass market applications . " Collins noted that Gorilla Glass can be molded into curved designs and multiple shapes without losing its strength , and he questioned whether the same could be said for manufactured sapphire . The company says its most recent product , Gorilla Glass 3 , will be in phones this year and is twice as strong as previous versions . Virey said the cost for a sapphire screen could fall to $ 20 in the next few years , which might be affordable enough to make consumers give it a shot . Another alternative would be ultrathin  and less costly  sapphire covers that would fit over glass screens for added durability . GT Advanced Technologies , a New Hampshire company , is developing a method to make synthetic sapphire sheets that are the width of a human hair . Other companies in the United States , South Korea and Russia are working on similar technologies . "  If costs can get low enough , these manufacturers may have a large market waiting for them , " Kevin Bullis , senior editor of the MIT Technology Review , wrote in the report . "  But they 'll have to continue to contend with the incumbent technologies -- Gorilla Glass and similar materials offered by other manufacturers . "	Manufactured sapphire could be on screens for smartphones and tablets MIT says the screens would be three times stronger than current displays Currently , a sapphire screen costs $ 30 to make , while Gorilla Glass costs $ 3 Gorilla Glass maker Corning says its product is moldable and getting stronger
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Coming off a barely-there victory in the Iowa causes , Mitt Romney vowed Wednesday he will continue to focus his campaign on defeating President Obama , rather than Rick Santorum . Sixth-place finisher Michele Bachmann , meanwhile , scheduled a news conference for 11 a.m. , ET , fueling speculation that she will withdraw from the race . Santorum virtually tied Romney Tuesday in the nation 's first nominating contest , coming in second by only eight votes in what appears to be the closest-ever margin of victory in a Republican presidential contest , the state Republican Party said early Wednesday . "  Of course , people are going to ask us about the differences on our positions on issues and backgrounds and so forth , " Romney told CNN Wednesday morning . "  But , really , if we talk about what the American people want to hear , it 's how we 're going to be different than President Obama when it comes to getting the economy going , preserving America 's security abroad and making sure we rein in the scale of the federal government . " The candidates ' next contest will be in New Hampshire on Tuesday . Romney said he was "  feeling terrific , because , as you know , we were well behind several weeks ago , " when polls suggested Newt Gingrich was in the lead in Iowa . "  I do n't think many people gave us a shot of beating " Gingrich , Romney said . "  We obviously won last night , although it was very , very close , . Obviously , Rick Santorum and Ron Paul also had big nights . We all came out of Iowa a lot stronger . " Ron Paul finished a close third , according to the state GOP . "  Game on ! " Santorum tweeted . " "  Thanks to all of you , we pulled off our #iowasurprise ! Keep us going to NH , SC & beyond . " The South Carolina Republican primary is scheduled for January 21 . Santorum 's website Wednesday automatically took visitors to a donation page celebrating the "  Iowa Surprise " and saying Santorum proved "  he is the only conservative who can beat Mitt Romney . " Paul , meanwhile , told CNN his success in Iowa shows "  the message of liberty is appealing to everybody across the board . " In New Hampshire , he said , "  I think we 're going to have some momentum and we 're going to continue to do what we 're doing . It 's a ` live free or die ' state . They 're very freedom-oriented , and that message will spread there . And I 'm confident we will do quite well . " Despite a weak showing among voters in Iowa looking for a candidate they consider conservative , Romney told CNN he is confident that conservative voters will support him in New Hampshire . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who placed fifth in Iowa , said late Tuesday that he would return to his home state to consider whether his campaign would continue . Romney , a former Massachusetts governor , had 30,015 votes . Santorum , a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania and an upstart challenger who just weeks ago polled in the single digits , had 30,007 , the state GOP said . Each had roughly 25 % of the vote in Iowa , the first state to vote in the 2012 presidential caucus and primary season . Paul , a U.S. representative from Texas , had 21 % . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was at 13 % . Perry was at 10 % , Bachmann -- a Minnesota congresswoman -- had 5 % , and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman had 1 % . State GOP officials said certified results will be released in two weeks . The closest previous margin of victory in a GOP presidential contest was 257 in 1936 , when Alf Landon won the 1936 South Dakota primary . In 2008 , Barack Obama earned the closest-ever margin in a U.S. presidential contest , defeating Hillary Clinton by seven votes in the Guam caucus . Speaking to supporters in Des Moines early Wednesday , before final results were known , Romney framed the Iowa contest as a "  great victory " for him , Santorum and Paul . "  All three of us will be campaigning very hard to restore the heart and soul of this nation , " Romney said . Iowa caucus results On Wednesday , Sen. John McCain plans to travel to New Hampshire to endorse Romney , a senior Republican source close to the senator said . McCain beat Romney to win the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 . Romney has long been a front-runner in Iowa and most national polls , though he also has been stuck at roughly the same percentage of support as a revolving cast of conservative challengers bounced up and down , with Santorum the latest to rise . Santorum told CNN early Wednesday -- before the final tally was announced -- that he would turn his attention to New Hampshire , where Romney , who governed neighboring Massachusetts , has had a large lead in polls . "  We 're going to be on to New Hampshire . We 're going to work hard and compete there , " Santorum said . "  I 'm a little bit behind the curve in the sense that Gov. Romney has spent a lot of money and a lot of time up there , and has been running for six years . But we feel like we can go up there and compete . " Paul , speaking in Iowa late Tuesday , praised his supporters for a "  fantastic showing " and claimed that he and the top two were the caucuses ' "  three winners , " ready to raise money and compete well in the next contests . "  We have had a fantastic showing for this cause and challenging people ... and saying , you know , this challenge of , ` Let 's go back to this real old-fashioned idea , this very dangerous idea : Let 's obey the Constitution , ' " Paul said . " ... We will go on , we will raise the money . I have no doubt about the supporters . " Of the 25 pledged delegates at stake in Iowa , CNN estimates Romney , Santorum and Paul each won seven , with Gingrich and Perry winning two . The delegate number needed to clinch the nomination is 1,144 . The Iowa results typically are important because they give the top finishers the fuel they need , including fundraising , to keep their campaigns going . With Romney considered the runaway favorite in New Hampshire , some other candidates who continue past Iowa are expected to focus more on South Carolina , hoping to make a stand there . Several candidates -- Santorum , Gingrich , Perry and Bachmann -- positioned themselves as conservative alternatives to Romney . As Gingrich 's popularity in Iowa fell amid withering attack ads in December , Santorum rose just in time for the caucuses . Obama , who is not expected to face a major challenge for the Democratic nomination , spoke to caucus-goers in an interactive video-teleconference to Democratic caucus sites Tuesday night . He touted the end of the war in Iraq , health care reform and making college more affordable as some of his achievements â $ " a similar message to the "  promises " campaign video rolled out this week . "  In some ways , I 'm more optimistic now than I was when I first ran , because we 've already seen change take place , " Obama said in the teleconference . "  And part of what 2012 is about is reminding the American people how far we 've traveled and the concrete effects that some of our work has had in terms of making sure people have health insurance and making sure our troops are coming home , or making sure people are able to go to college . "  Part of it is also framing this larger debate : What kind of country are we going to leave for our children and grandchildren ? " In addition to Perry , some other Republican candidates may now consider whether they 're in position to compete in the upcoming contests . One issue to watch will be how many of their supporters latch onto the remaining non-Romney candidates , said CNN political contributor Ari Fleischer , a former White House press secretary . "  Mitt Romney does n't want anybody to drop out , " Fleischer said Tuesday , suggesting Romney would want to have any anti-Romney vote split as many ways as possible . "  Rick Santorum wants everybody to drop out . " Gingrich , whose popularity rose in Iowa late last year on the strength of his debate performances before the Iowa attack ads , said Tuesday night he would continue his campaign . "  I think that we are at the beginning of an extraordinarily important campaign , " Gingrich told his supporters in Des Moines . "  The goal of the campaign has to be to replace Barack Obama , but there will be great debate in Republican Party before we are prepared to have a great debate with Barack Obama . " Bachmann , who had hoped for better in Iowa , where she grew up and finished first in a GOP straw poll in the summer before dropping in the polls , also indicate her campaign would continue . "  There will be another occupant in the White House . Who knows , maybe even another Michele in the White House , " she told supporters Tuesday night . Before Bachmann spoke Tuesday night , CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said Bachmann would have to do some "  soul searching " about whether to continue her campaign . "  She 's not going to have the money to continue . She won the  GOP  straw poll in Ames in August ... She made a big point that she was born in Iowa , that this was going to be her state , " Borger said . Huntsman , a former U.S. ambassador to China , has n't been competing in Iowa , choosing instead to focus efforts on New Hampshire . Romney was the GOP front-runner in several major Iowa polls last week , with Paul second and Santorum third . The Iowa caucuses began at 7 p.m. Tuesday in 809 locations after months of pitches from GOP candidates vying for the chance to take on President Barack Obama in Novembe How the candidates compare online CNN 's Peter Hamby , John Helton , Gabriella Schwarz , Shawna Shepherd , Paul Steinhauser , Shannon Travis , Jim Acosta , Jessica Yellin , Jason Hanna and Keating Holland contributed to this report .	Romney vows to keep his campaign focused on defeating Obama Margin of victory is closest ever for GOP presidential contest Santorum 's campaign says he proved he 's the only conservative who can beat Romney McCain to endorse Romney , senior GOP source says Paul says "  the message of liberty is appealing to everybody " Romney gets 30,015 votes , Santorum collects 30,007
An unknown hacker apparently gained access to a 2-year-old girl 's baby monitor , calling her by name and harassing her , and her parents , with insults and profanity . A couple in suburban Houston , Texas , told CNN affiliate KTRK that , over the weekend , they heard a strange voice in the bedroom shared by their two toddlers . When they got there , Marc Gilbert said they realized the voice was coming from the Web camera they use to keep tabs on the children . What they heard next was ugly . "  He said , ` Wake up Allyson , you little slut , ' " Gilbert said . He said the hacker , who had a British or European accent , may have read her name on a wall in the bedroom . When he and his wife Lauren arrived , Gilbert said , the camera swiveled to face them . The hacker proceeded to call him a "  stupid moron " and his wife a bitch , Gilbert said , before he unplugged the camera . The only positive about the situation , he said , is that Allyson never woke up . She was born deaf and has cochlear implants to help her hear , which she was not wearing while sleeping . "  I felt like somebody broke into your house , " Gilbert said . "  As a father , I 'm supposed to protect her against people like this . So it 's a little embarrassing to say the least , but it 's not going to happen again . " Baby monitors , particularly those with video capabilities , have been shown in the past to be vulnerable . Video monitors can broadcast to TVs and hand-held receivers , or over Wi-Fi to computers , smartphones and tablets . In 2009 , an Illinois family sued the manufacturer of its monitor after they discovered that they and their neighbors could monitor each other 's feeds . Some newer models have technology that jumps from frequency to frequency , making them more secure , while older monitors do not . Security experts warn parents to make sure to enable passwords for baby monitors and Web cameras . Most new models are equipped with that ability , they say . Experts like Lisa Vaas of the Sophos Security blog also say to make sure home Wi-Fi and routers are password-protected . "  Those who ca n't figure this out should ask for help from somebody with security expertise -- somebody they trust with the safety of extremely precious things , " Vaas said . In comments on the KTRK article about the hack , Marc Gilbert said he did take basic security precautions : "  The router was password protected and the firewall was enabled . The IP camera was also password protected , " he said . "  Of course , devices may well be protected by passwords , but default passwords that have n't been changed are like having no password at all , as other commenters pointed out , " wrote Vaas on the Sophos Security blog . Multiple security experts have identified the camera model shown in the Houston news report as a Foscam FI9821P . A FAQ page on the manufacturer 's site lists the default user name and password -- both "  admin " -- for the camera , as well as the default port used to connect it to the Web . Altering those default settings "  with a non-trivial password would make the device far more difficult to access , and probably too much trouble to bother with , " wrote technology and security analyst Larry Seltzer for tech blog ZDNet . "  If you want to go even further and make it really hard for attackers , you can change the default port . " Seltzer said that anyone on the Internet could build a scanner that would find cameras still hooked up to their default port . They could then check those cameras to see if they still open using the default password . "  This is almost certainly what happened , " he wrote . Earlier this year , researchers at security firm Qualys used the Foscam in a demonstration of how Web-enabled cameras can be exploited . Foscam did not immediately respond Wednesday to a message seeking comment for this story .	Hacker curses at 2-year-old through baby monitor in her room Houston father says web camera turned to face parents when they arrived The girl , who is hearing-impaired , never woke up Experts say to make sure monitors are password-protected
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The mini-civil war that we 've seen play out in the Democratic Party over the past few weeks is n't just a case of a dispute about tactics . It 's a sign of a deeper division . Former President Bill Clinton , who has been campaigning for President Obama and taking on the GOP , went off-script several times . Soon after Obama rolled out his ads attacking Mitt Romney for his work at Bain Capital and then as Massachusetts governor , Clinton took issue with these kinds of attacks and extolled Romney 's "  sterling business career . " A few days later , Clinton called for a temporary extension of President George W. Bush 's tax cuts , including those for the wealthy , and then on Thursday said he was sorry for doing so . Video : Is Clinton undermining Obama ? At some levels , the contrast in the views of Obama and Clinton is yet another chapter in the extraordinarily tense personal relations that began with the 2008 Democratic primaries , when then-Sen . Hillary Clinton competed with Obama . When some of Obama 's supporters charged that Bill Clinton was subtly playing on racial tensions in the South Carolina primary to stir up white voters , the anger between the two camps intensified . But at another level , the debate between these two men is part of a bigger debate about what kind of campaign the Democrats should run : a campaign of articulation or a campaign of triangulation . What is Bill Clinton up to ? The party is reaching a crossroads . With the economy in poor shape and most polls showing that this is an extremely close race , Democrats need to make some decisions about the basic themes they will develop in the next few months to define the fall contest . One strategy , which has been the preference thus far for President Obama , is a campaign of "  articulation , " a campaign in which a candidate lays out a clear set of themes and ideas to distinguish himself from the opposition . This kind of campaign takes the offensive , touting the virtues of Democratic ideas and policies . Democrats have mostly avoided this approach in recent decades , still snake-bitten from the defeats in the Reagan Revolution of the 1980s . It is the kind of campaign that FDR ran in 1936 , when he pushed back against conservatives and boasted about what Democratic programs had done to save middle-class Americans in the middle of the Great Depression . It is a campaign like that of 1964 , when Lyndon Johnson painted Barry Goldwater as an extremist and championed programs like the War on Poverty as shining examples of what the Democrats offered in contrast . On the other side of the aisle , Ronald Reagan ran this kind of campaign in 1980 , when he stood by the ideals of conservatism , insisting that the right offered a better path forward for a broken nation . The other kind of campaign , the campaign of "  triangulation , " is one that Bill Clinton mastered in 1996 . Triangulation is a term popularized by Clinton adviser Dick Morris to describe a politician who stands above traditional left-right divisions and co-opts the arguments of the opposition . "  The essence of triangulation is to use your party 's solutions to solve the other side 's problems , " he said , "  Use your tools to fix their car . " This was the kind of campaign Obama has always promised voters he would not run . The campaign of triangulation seeks to lessen the policy space between the two parties by minimizing many key differences and focusing voter attention on the personality and appeal of the candidate . Jimmy Carter was one of the Democrats who mastered this strategy . In 1976 , he sidestepped some traditionally controversial issues such as civil rights and economic policy and instead depicted himself as a deficit-cutting moderate who was not like his elders in the Democratic Party . He focused on his personality , his background in Georgia and the argument that voters in the post-Watergate age could trust him . In 1996 , Clinton perfected this kind of campaign . After Republicans had retaken the House and Senate in 1994 , Clinton started the year of 1996 by saying the era of big government was over . He agreed to legislation that ended the existing welfare system and made deficit reduction his priority . In essence , he stole the mainstream part of the Republican agenda and made it his own . By the time the campaign was fully under way , he could concentrate on his youth and charisma , particularly when he compared himself with the much older Republican Sen. Robert Dole and highlight the areas that made the GOP look extreme , like their push for dramatic cuts in the Medicare program . The strong temptation for Obama will be to move closer toward the model of triangulation , especially given the stalling economy and after Republicans scored a major victory in Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker 's recall campaign . Obama understands that the danger of a campaign of articulation is that he would not be able to capitalize on the issues that convince many moderates to go to or stick with the Republican Party . But Obama needs to offer voters a choice . The danger of triangulation is that it dampens the enthusiasm of base supporters who are needed to help raise money and bring out the vote . They are the organizers , the mobilizers and the rank-and-file who can make sure that in a close election , more Democrats come out to vote . And a candidate who ca n't triangulate as skillfully as Clinton did could only end up legitimating the arguments of his opponent and leaving voters to wonder why they do n't just go for the "  real thing . " This does not mean Obama has to run as a "  left-wing " Democrat , nor does he have to stick to attacks on Bain Capital , which do n't seem to be working . But he does need a message , and he does need a coherent theme that goes beyond slight differences with the GOP . Obama 's best bet is to stick with a campaign in which he focuses on defining a Democratic set of principles and offering voters a reason why his party would be better over the next four years , especially on the economy . If he does not , and he takes the triangulation bait , Obama could end up becoming a surrogate for the Romney campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Bill Clinton won re-election by blurring differences with GOP He says Barack Obama is trying to win by articulating what the Democrats stand for Zelizer : Clinton 's approach would run the risk of helping Mitt Romney make his case He says Obama needs to offer voters a choice and energize Democrats ' base voters
The Eiffel Tower is n't the most popular place for pictures in Paris , nor is the Empire State Building the top photo destination in New York . At least , that 's the case among users of Google 's geolocation-oriented photo-sharing website , Panoramio , according to Sightsmap.com , which has ranked 15,000 cities and their attractions according to photos tagged . The result is a "  heatmap " with bright areas indicating more photos . New York tops the list as the most photographed -- or the highest Panoramio-penetrated -- city in the world . Europe dominates the chart with eight places in the top 10 . Among them are three cities in Italy , including Rome , which ranked second . Barcelona rounds out the top three cities , with Park Guell as its top attraction . More photos are tagged of the Guggenheim Museum and the Tweed Courthouse than the Empire State Building in New York City , according to the poll .  Perhaps because the Empire State Building is a tougher picture to take ? The Church of the Santissima Trinita dei Monti triumphs in Rome and the city 's favorite wishing pond , Trevi Fountain , follows . Moulin Rouge is the most Panoramio-photographed attraction in Paris -- the Eiffel Tower came fifth . Istanbul , recently named the world 's top destination by TripAdvisor , was the fifth hottest city on Sightsmap.com -- Kiz Kulesi  Maiden 's Tower  is the city 's top attraction . Top 10 cities  and their most photographed attractions 1 . New York  Guggenheim Museum 2 . Rome  Church of the Santissima Trinita dei Monti 3 . Barcelona , Spain  Park Guell 4 . Paris  Moulin Rouge 5 . Istanbul  Kiz Kulesi 6 . Venice , Italy  Ponte dell ` Accademia 7 . Monte Carlo , Monaco  Hotel de Paris 8 . Florence , Italy  Piazzale Michelangelo 9 . Buenos Aires  Caminito 10 . Budapest , Hungary  St. Stephen 's Basilica	A new information map reveals the most photographed cities in the world and top attractions Moulin Rouge not Eiffel Tower scored as the most popular picture place in Paris European cities dominate the list with eight out of 10 positions in the list
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The first child in Britain known to have been screened as an embryo to ensure she did not carry a cancer gene was born Friday , a spokesman for University College London told CNN . Genetic screening allows lab-fertilized embryos to be tested for genes likely to lead to later health problems . Her embryo was screened in a lab days after conception to check for the BRCA-1 gene , linked to breast and ovarian cancer . People with the gene are known to have a 50-80 percent chance of developing breast or ovarian cancer in their lifetimes . British newspapers have dubbed the girl the "  cancer-free " baby . "  This little girl will not face the specter of developing this genetic form of breast cancer or ovarian cancer in her adult life , " said Paul Serhal , a consultant at University College London Hospital and Medical Director of the Assisted Conception Unit . "  The parents will have been spared the risk of inflicting this disease on their daughter . The lasting legacy is the eradication of the transmission of this form of cancer that has blighted these families for generations . " Yet not everyone is thrilled with the idea of testing embryos for genes that could cause health problems later in life , a process known as preimplanatation genetic diagnosis . "  This is not a cure for breast cancer , " said Josephine Quintavalle , co-founder of Comment on Reproductive Ethics , which describes itself as group that focuses on ethical dilemmas related to reproduction . What do you think about testing embryos for gene defects ? "  This is simply a mechanism for eliminating the birth of anybody  prone to  the disease , " she said . "  It is basically a search-and-kill mechanism . " She opposes the procedure because embryos found to carry disease-causing genes often are discarded . She says that is essentially murder . "  They will be destroyed , " she said . "  They will never be allowed to live . " Doctors in Britain and elsewhere increasingly test embryos for genes that are certain to cause illnesses such as cystic fibrosis or Huntington 's Disease . What 's different about the girl born Friday is that she is the first infant known to have been tested in Britain as an embryo for a gene that is merely likely -- not certain -- to cause disease . In the United States , geneticists are free to test for any condition for which they can develop a probe -- and they 're free to look for genes that are certain to cause diseases as well as genes that merely may pose problems later in life . Quintavalle opposes any form of in-vitro fertilization where embryos are "  killed , " she said . But she is particularly troubled by the idea of screening an embryo for the BRCA-1 gene because carriers of the gene do not always develop the disease , and the disease is not always fatal . "  The message we are sending is : ` Better off dead than carrying  a gene linked to  breast cancer , ' " she said . "  We have gone very much down the proverbial slippery slope . " Peter Braude , one of the top British experts on the genetic testing of embryos , said he understands the ethical objections but focuses on the benefits . "  There has always been a vociferous group in opposition , " he said . But "  there are people who can benefit and I think they should be allowed to do so . " In fact , he argues that the procedure actually prevents abortions because it takes place on a three-day old embryo in a lab . Only embryos that lack the defective gene are implanted . "  I do n't think you can equate eight cells in a dish to an embryo or a child , " said Braude , head of the department of women 's health at the King 's College London School of Medicine . For many couples , the alternative to testing an embryo is to conceive a child naturally and test the fetus weeks or months into a pregnancy . Some couples opt for an abortion when such testing reveals a defect . Diagnosing an embryo genetically typically involves fertilizing an egg with a sperm in a lab , testing the resulting embryo and implanting it in the mother if no defects are found . Braude agrees that testing for diseases that may not be fatal -- or may not manifest themselves for decades -- raises thorny ethical questions . "  How serious does it have to be before you throw away an embryo ? " he asked . "  Are you prepared to throw away a 16-week embryo for Huntington 's , which will not manifest until age 40 ? " In Britain , the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority determines the conditions for which geneticists can test . It has approved testing for more than 60 conditions since it was established in 1990 . The authority approved testing for the BRCA-1 gene in 2008 . Dr. Mark Hughes , who founded a genetics clinic in the United States , said he likes the idea of an authority that regulates what tests can be performed -- the system in place in Britain -- but believes that parents who want to test for genetic abnormalities should be allowed to do so . At his Genesis Genetics Institute in Detroit , Michigan , Hughes carries out about two tests a month for BRCA-1 or BRCA-2 , a related gene . "  The couple is the best one to be making these decisions , because they live with these diseases , " he said . "  When it hits your family over and over again , many couples are saying : ` Enough of this . Let 's prune this out of our family tree forever . ' " He rejects the notion that parents will use genetic testing to remove all imperfections from children . "  You can get up on your high horse and say people are looking for perfect children , but let 's give these families more credit , " he said . "  They just want one that has a fighting chance of not having a disease . " Hughes said he doubts genetic screening will ever be used to test all babies . That 's partly because it costs the equivalent of about $ 11,755 -- 8,000 British pounds -- to screen embryos . It 's also because the process is very complex . "  It 's gotten easier to do now than it was 19 years ago , " when Hughes did his first test for cystic fibrosis , he said . "  But it has not exploded , not burst onto the medical field like some technologies do . "  No one would use these technologies for a trivial reason . It 's too much effort , " he said . "  Not just the money -- it 's so many hoops to jump through for a couple that would prefer to make their baby on vacation rather than in a clinic . "	"  Cancer-free baby " born ; baby girl is first in UK to be screened for cancer gene Embryo was screened to check she did n't carry gene linked to breast , ovarian cancer Ethicists criticize screening for genes that could cause later health problems Doctors say cost of screening makes it unlikely all embryos will ever be tested
Eric Tyler is Research Fellow with New America Foundation , a non-profit U.S. think tank , based in Washington DC . He is currently at sea . Hilo , Hawaii What happens when you mix 11 budding startups with Google executives , Stanford professors , a Nobel Peace Laureate and 600 college students and put them on a ship to circumnavigate the world ? An experiment launched this month called Unreasonable at Sea hopes that this eclectic group will unleash global entrepreneurship . A 590-foot ocean liner has become the incubator for this experiment , attracting aboard both multinational companies and international foundations , venture capitalists and environmental philanthropists , even a Saudi Arabian prince and the founder of WordPress . All want to take part in fostering the entrepreneurial efforts of those on the ship . From Hawaii , the program will visit a range of developed markets from Japan to Spain as well as developing markets from Burma  also known as Myanmar  to Ghana . This allows for a crucial opportunity to not just tweak business models but more importantly test products in local contexts . For many of the founders , who come from countries around the world , this is their first voyage on a ship . As such , seasickness on the choppy waters of the Pacific has been a recurring struggle , but it has not deterred the entrepreneurs from diving head first into the business workshops , one-on-one meetings and pitch events . The program is spearheaded by Stanford University 's Institute of Design and the Unreasonable Institute , which has teamed up with Semester at Sea to embark on a 105-day journey to 13 countries around the world . It also has financial support from backers including Microsoft and SAP . At its core , the program believes in creating a melting pot of individuals with different backgrounds , experiences and perspectives while also maintaining a context of openness that does n't shy away from experimentation and failure . And it 's no surprise to hear lunch conversations focused on intellectual property challenges in China and supply chain strategies for Sub-Saharan Africa . When I boarded the ship , the co-founder of the program , Daniel Epstein , explained to me the unique criteria he sought for the chosen entrepreneurs . "  We are not looking for typical Silicon Valley startups , " he said . "  We are hedging our bets on the black swans : startups who are leveraging technology to solve seemingly intractable social and environment challenges and who are positioned within billion dollar market opportunities . We hand selected these ventures from nearly 1,000 applications coming from just shy of 100 countries . " The handful of participating startups could be from a technocrat 's dream with products ranging from a tablet teacher training software to a solar-powered cooking stove . They are also geographically diverse with founders joining from China , Botswana , Spain , India , and Mexico , among other destinations . George Kembel , the co-founder of Stanford 's d.school , also leads the seaboard program . He told me : "  We find ourselves at a time in which we 're shifting from a most industrialized era to a new era . And almost all of the institutions that were built on that last model that got us this far are n't really adapted for carrying us much farther . " After an orientation session on the deck , I spoke with Deepak Ravindran , founder and CEO of Innoz , one of the more developed companies participating in the program . His idea began when he noticed that his friends in his Indian home state of Kerala did n't have access to internet , but they all had mobile phones . So in 2009 , Ravindran and three classmates dropped out of college to focus on bridging this information gap through the development of a text message-based search engine . Currently , the company has 120 million users and receives five million text message queries a day . And he says this is only the beginning . "  There are a lot of dumb phones in the world , and what I want is to make every dumb phone smart with information . Maybe because of this chance to visit 14 countries , we can see whether we can launch at scale . " In the end , Unreasonable at Sea is moving into uncharted waters , and to a large degree , nobody on the ship knows exactly what the end result of this bold experiment will be . But despite this ambiguity , there is sense that this social alchemy might very well lead to innovation .	Execs , academics and students set sail on a global business enterprise 105-day voyage to 13 countries to test enterprise ideas Program is called Unreasonable at Sea and launched from Hawaii
CNN  -- A powerful storm including a lightning strike in the launch pad area caused minor damage to the space shuttle Endeavour , a NASA official said Thursday . Continuing bad weather has prevented further inspection of the shuttle scheduled to launch on its final mission on April 19 , said Allard Beutel , a spokesman at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center . The storm Wednesday included a wind gust of 90 miles per hour at launch pad 39A , as well as a lightning strike "  inside the pad perimeter , " Beutel said . "  We did n't take a direct strike on the pad , " Beutel said . "  Anytime you get that much electricity inside the perimeter you have to check things . " NASA officials so far know of minor damage to insulation foam at the top of the shuttle 's external fuel tank , according to Beutel , who said a full assessment of damage wo n't be possible until further inspections take place . NASA says the storm that included high winds , lightning and hail blew in at about 5:20 p.m. Wednesday . "  No one was injured and initially no obvious damage was observed . The storm moved through the area quickly , " said a NASA news release Wednesday . Endeavour is scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station on April 19 . The space shuttle 's six astronauts are at the Kennedy Space Center for their launch dress rehearsal .	NEW : NASA official says the storm caused minor damage to Endeavour The storm blew in at about 5:20 p.m. Wednesday Space shuttle Endeavour is scheduled to launch on April 19 for its final flight
CNN  -- Virginia is a cautionary tale for conservatives this year . And those Republicans who always argue that their party wins when it moves further to the right are going to have a lot of explaining to do after Election Day . Polls show that "  teavangelist " Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli is going down to a decisive defeat in the governor 's race against an exceptionally flawed Democratic candidate , Terry McAuliffe , the former Democratic National Committee chairman and Clinton fund-raiser . The reason is simple : Cuccinelli is too extreme for swing voters in Virginia -- and that neatly symbolizes the GOP 's problem as it looks to the congressional midterms of 2014 and the presidential campaign of 2016 . The problems have been long brewing in Virginia . Once a Republican bastion , the Old Dominion began to turn from red to purple in 2008 when Barack Obama became the first Democrat to win the state since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . But in true swing state fashion , Virginia turned around and elected conservative Bob McDonnell governor in 2009 ; he managed to win by 17 points , cloaking his conservatism in a family-friendly demeanor . Obama won the state again in 2012 , buoyed by demographic changes and the increasing wealth in the region around Washington . Nonetheless , a centrist Republican might still have been well-positioned to win Virginia 's governorship in this off-year election . But that does not remotely describe Cuccinelli . A tea party favorite and self-described "  Second Amendment-supporting Christian right-to-life home-school dad , " Cuccinelli has built a political career on a foundation of strident social conservatism . Proclaiming "  homosexuality is wrong , " supporting abstinence-only sex education and devoting himself to abortion restrictions as a matter of faith and law , Cuccinelli has been eager to use political office to advance an ideological agenda . As attorney general he sued to stop the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , challenged the Environmental Protection Agency 's fuel-efficiency standards , backed the controversial Arizona illegal immigration law and issued a legal opinion that sexual orientation should not be included in nondiscrimination statutes for the University of Virginia . His extreme play-to-the-base conservative reputation was only accelerated by the selection at the state convention of E.W. Jackson as his running mate for lieutenant governor . He 's an African-American evangelical pastor with a knack for saying things such as the following : Democrats are "  anti-Christian , anti-Bible , anti-family , anti-life and anti-God " ; "  Liberalism and their ideas have done more to kill black folks whom they claim so much to love than the Ku Klux Klan , lynching and slavery and Jim Crow ever did , " and "  Obama clearly has Muslim sensibilities . He sees the world and Israel from a Muslim perspective . " Add this all together and you have the most far-right statewide ticket in recent memory . Not surprisingly , centrists and other swing voters are looking elsewhere . Libertarian candidate Robert Sarvis is polling a respectable 10 % -- an indication of the political costs that come from such strident social conservatism , even among fellow travelers on the center-right . Women voters are supporting McAuliffe by 20 % -- a cavernous gap that reflects Cuccinelli 's social conservative obsession . Against almost any other Republican , McAuliffe would be vulnerable , but not Cuccinelli . October 's GOP-driven government shutdown caused Cuccinelli to play defense , reversing longtime rhetoric by suddenly denouncing the effort to force a delay in Obamacare 's implementation and even refusing to be photographed with Sen. Ted Cruz for fear of further alienating swing voters . At the gubernatorial debates , the defiant culture warrior was reduced to bleating about the importance of bipartisanship and compromise -- laugh lines if you knew the first thing about Cuccinelli 's record . Cuccinelli 's problems must be seen side by side with the success of another Republican running for governor -- Chris Christie . The New Jersey incumbent is cruising to re-election by a broad margin in a state where only 20 % of voters are registered Republicans . He is narrowly winning nonwhite voters , and winning women by a 20-point margin . The difference between the two candidates is self-evident -- Christie has governed as an unapologetic centrist Republican with a no-nonsense focus on fighting for fiscal discipline rather than an obsession with social conservatism . He has built cross-aisle coalitions , even on controversial policy proposals , and reached out beyond the base . He puts problem-solving ahead of partisanship or ideology . In other words , Christie is pretty much the opposite of Cuccinelli , and that 's why he is winning in an otherwise ugly year for Republicans . Conservatives will come up with lots of reasons why a swing state such as Virginia seems to be slipping away . But let 's cut to the chase -- candidates who specialize only in playing to the base and pushing ideological absolutism lose . Extremes are always ultimately their own side 's worst enemy . And Cuccinelli 's last desperate attempts to present himself as a bipartisan problem-solver or a libertarian are really just evidence of the political bankruptcy of his position . For those conservatives who always argue that moving more rigidly to the right is the answer to all the Republican Party 's political problems , the toxic Cuccinelli-Jackson ticket is providing an enduring Exhibit A in making the opposite case . It is an example of what not to do -- nationally and especially in must-win swing states such as Virginia . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Ken Cuccinelli appears too extreme for swing voters in Virginia Democrat Terry McAuliffe would be vulnerable against almost any other Republican , he says Avlon : Cuccinelli 's candidacy symbolizes trouble GOP faces in 2014 , 2016 elections The run to the right shows what not to do nationally and in Virginia , he says
CNN Student News  -- June 3 , 2014 First up this Tuesday : More controversy surfaces concerning a prisoner exchange . We 'll tell you what some U.S. servicemen are saying and how the White House is responding . Also covered : the debate over an executive order concerning carbon emissions . And we commemorate 100 years of commercial flight with a report on the soaring changes that have occurred throughout the aviation industry . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What is the difference between primary and secondary sources ? What examples can you give of each ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . executive order 2 . parliamentary monarchy 3 . entrepreneurial Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is Bowe Bergdahl ? What do some of his fellow soldiers say about his disappearance ? Why are some criticizing the terms of Bergdahl 's release ? How has the White House responded to these criticisms ? 2 . What is an executive order ? What executive order did President Obama announce yesterday regarding power plants ? According to many scientists , what impact do carbon emissions have on the environment ? Why are some critical of this order ? 3 . Who is Juan Carlos I of Spain ? Why is he abdicating the throne ? Who is expected to become king ? What kind of government does Spain have ? According to the video : What role did Juan Carlos play in the king 's role in the government ? How has Juan Carlos been perceived by his people ? 4 . What "  first " in travel took place across Tampa Bay , Florida , in 1914 ? Who was the first paying passenger ? How much did he pay for the flight ? How many people currently fly each day ? According to the report : How has the entrepreneurial spirit played a role in the growth of aviation ? What are some problems that have plagued some major airlines ? How have the airlines seen in the video responded to the risks and rewards of the commercial flying business ? 5 . How did Morgan Assel ask Juwaan Espinal to prom ? Whose help did she enlist ? How did Juwaan respond ? Why did Robert Griffin III say he took time to do this ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you have any questions about the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ? Explain . If you have questions , what sources might you consult to get answers ? 2 . Why do you think that the president has the power to execute certain policies via an executive order ? How might the principle of checks and balances factor into a potential response ? 3 . What is meant by the term "  entrepreneurial " ? What are some of the risks and rewards in any entrepreneurial undertaking ? What are some things that entrepreneurs might do to help the rewards of their businesses outweigh the risks ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Grand jury dismissal of charges against police officers in the July 17 , 2014 , chokehold death of Eric Garner in New York has returned racism to the forefront of the American political debate . The entrance of Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei into the fray , with tweets condemning American police and racism and using the hashtag #blacklivesmatter , has turned the debate into a farce . It 's the equivalent of David Duke condemning anti-Semitism or North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un condemning prison overcrowding . But perhaps Khamenei 's tweets can be a teachable moment , for Iranians and Americans both , about racism and injustice in Iran . In America , journalists discuss racism , politicians debate it and academics study it , because Americans enjoy free speech , a free press and can speak truth to power without fear or risk of torture . Not so with Iranians . In the months preceding the Shah 's 1979 ouster , Iranians joined the revolution because they were tired of dictatorship , wanted democracy , and chafed under the SAVAK , the Shah 's dictatorship . Revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rallied Iranians to his cause . Before his return to Iran , Khomeini spoke the language of social justice and disavowed any interest in personal power . After the success of his revolution , Khomeini changed course . He may have executed many top-ranking SAVAK officers , but he soon took back their deputies to build the VeVAK  or Ministry of Information and Security  , a new intelligence service different only in name . Iranians might be disillusioned with the regime 's revolutionary fervor , but Khamenei , his top deputies and the Revolutionary Guards are not . Whether it 's Evin or Kahrizak , Iranian prisons can make their American counterparts look like Club Med . While many Western commentators consider new Iranian President Hassan Rouhani a reformer , he is anything but . Sure , he purged IRGC veterans from his cabinet , but he replaced them not with liberals but with VeVAK veterans . The increasing rate of public executions since Rouhani took office shows that neither justice nor compassion are high priority values . What about racism ? Here , too , Iranians might learn a lesson from America about tolerance and honest introspection . Some of these themes were explored tangentially in the 1986 Iranian art house drama , "  Bashu , the Little Stranger . " After the dark-skinned title character flees war and finds himself on a farm in northern Iran , the woman who finds him tries to scrub the darkness off his skin  many southern Iranians have dark skin , in part a legacy of the east African slave trade  . The irony here is that Iran 's minister of culture at the time , one Mohammad Khatami , initially banned the film for its negative depiction of war and its feminist overtones . Shining a spotlight on Iranian racism is the rule rather than the exception . Haji Firouz , a black-faced minstrel or clown , is a fixture in Iranian New Year gatherings in Iran . In a November 11 , 2008 , commentary , the Borna News Agency , an outlet close to then-President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called U.S. President Barack Obama a "  house slave . " After Obama 's election , Jomhuri-ye Eslami , a daily newspaper close to Iran 's Supreme Leader and intelligence services , dismissed Obama as "  a black immigrant . " And while the Revolutionary Guards ' weekly , Sobh-e Sadegh , declared after Obama 's election that "  A Dark Person Rises to Remove Darkness from America , " it then continued to criticize him for hiring a Jewish chief of staff . Nor are blacks alone targeted . While some Iranians bend over backward to depict Iran as a tolerant community and home to the second largest Jewish community in the Middle East , they omit that this community is only one-sixth the size of what it was before the revolution , and declining steadily against the backdrop of both official and unofficial discrimination . Repeated rhetoric about Israel being a cancer -- sometimes without any differentiation between Jews and Israel -- takes a toll . In 2006 , an Iranian newspaper published a cartoon depicting Azerbaijanis , Iran 's largest ethnic minority , as cockroaches . In 2012 , Iranian authorities in Isfahan banned Afghans from a public park . Iranian Arabs fare little better . Obama is right to say that the American willingness to confront problems head-on "  should make us optimistic . " As a Nobel peace laureate and an important voice on the world stage , Obama might cast moral and cultural equivalence aside and use his bully pulpit to respond to Khamenei , reminding the Iranian leader that the United States is far less racist than Iran .	Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei posts tweets condemning U.S. police , racism Michael Rubin : His action was ridiculous , but it serves as a teachable moment In America , we can speak truth to power without fear or risk of torture , not so with Iranians Rubin : Shining a spotlight on Iranian racism is the rule rather than the exception
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- An elections board certified Kasim Reed on Saturday as the winner of the Atlanta mayoral runoff election by a margin of 620 votes . Barry Garner , director of Fulton County 's elections board , told CNN on Saturday that former state senator Reed was declared the winner of last Tuesday 's runoff election against City Councilwoman Mary Norwood . Garner said Reed received 42,348 votes compared with Norwood 's 41,728 . Norwood has until 5 p.m. Tuesday to request a recount , Garner said . He said if a recount is requested , it will begin Wednesday morning . In the initial vote among eight contenders , Norwood received 45 percent of the votes to Kasim Reed 's 37 percent . Lisa Borders came in a distant third with 14 percent of the vote , according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . A candidate needs 50 percent plus one vote to avert a runoff . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Elections board : Kasim Reed is the winner of Atlanta mayoral runoff Reed defeated Mary Norwood by 620 votes , elections board director says Norwood has until 5 p.m. Tuesday to ask for a recount , elections official says
Responding to allegations , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said Monday that officials did not restrict airspace over Ferguson , Missouri , to block media coverage of protests . Rather , he said , the temporary restriction was about protecting both those in the air and on the ground . "  It 's always all about safety , " Belmar told reporters . "  We do n't have the ability to preclude people out of there for any other reason other than that . Had we just wanted to move the media away from this arena we would have started that on the ground , and that 's not what happened , " he said . The chief spoke one day after the Associated Press reported that the no-fly zone was aimed at the media -- a story a St. Louis alderman described as "  disturbing . " The report only further hurt the already damaged trust between residents and authorities , St. Louis alderman Antonio French told CNN . The AP 's story , he said , "  shows that there seemed to be an active campaign to keep what was happening out of the spotlight , to suppress media coverage " of demonstrations and riots in Ferguson following the police shooting of Michael Brown , a black teenager who witnesses say had his arms up and was surrendering when a white police officer shot him August 9 . Authorities contend that Brown attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . The White House also commented on the AP story , noting that the flight restrictions were temporary . "  In this case , what the FAA says is that they took the prudent step of implementing this temporary flight restriction in the immediate aftermath of reports of shots fired at a police helicopter , " Press Secretary Josh Earnest said , "  but within 12 to 14 hours , that flight restriction was updated in a way to remove restrictions for reporters who were seeking to operate in the area . " Belmar stressed that the temporary flight restriction did not prohibit all flights at all altitudes . Police , for example , continued to fly , even though doing so was not 100 % safe , the chief said . He also underscored that there were threats from credible sources suggesting certain groups were targeting helicopters with rifles and lasers . "  At no time ... did we request that only media be kept out of the airspace and , again , I would like to reiterate that the FAA contacted us regarding the amount of air traffic that was in that location , " Belmar said . Keeping the media out ? Brown 's shooting sparked a federal civil rights inquiry and a grand jury investigation . In the immediate days after Brown 's killing , an intense national spotlight shone on the St. Louis suburb . A rush of media went to Ferguson . Several journalists were arrested , and law enforcement officers were seen and heard on video harassing members of the media . An Al Jazeera America correspondent told CNN 's Brian Stelter that he felt rubber bullets and tear gas were shot at his crew intentionally . Journalists arrested in Ferguson At the time , police requested a restriction of airspace surrounding Ferguson , and the Federal Aviation Administration agreed to it for safety reasons . But according to recorded telephone conversations that AP obtained , the ban was aimed at keeping news helicopters from flying over Ferguson . On August 12 , the morning after the FAA imposed the first flight ban , FAA air traffic managers tried to redefine the flight ban so that police helicopters and commercial flights running at nearby Lambert-St . Louis International Airports could fly , according to AP . They were struggling to explain how those flights were cleared to fly , but others were not , the news agency said . "  They finally admitted it really was to keep the media out , " said one FAA manager about the St. Louis County Police in a series of recorded telephone conversations that AP has . AP reported that a manager at the FAA 's Kansas City center said police "  did not care if you ran commercial traffic through this TFR  temporary flight restriction  all day long . They did n't want media in there . " "  There is really ... no option for a TFR that says , you know , ` OK , everybody but the media is OK , ' " the manager said , the AP reported . The managers then crafted wording they felt would keep news helicopters out of the controlled zone but not interfere with other air traffic , according to AP . FAA 's response to CNN CNN asked the FAA about the Associated Press story and received a written statement that read , in part : "  FAA can not and will never exclusively ban media from covering an event of national significance and media was never banned from covering the ongoing events in Ferguson in this case . " On Monday , French , the St. Louis alderman , told CNN : "  When you take these new facts and add them to what we saw -- the targeting of journalists including violence perpetuated toward journalists -- this  the new allegation involving the FAA and police  is not the kind of thing that you 'd think would happen in our country . " The alderman said he hoped the AP story will ignite a conversation or some kind of probe . "  We really need to find out what was behind this , who was behind this , who authorized this , is this kind of thing done regularly ? " French said . "  When things like this happen it 's about how we  local leaders  respond to it . " French noted that he can urge an investigation -- but he 's a city representative , not a county one , and does n't have the authority to demand a probe , he said . The flight restrictions were lifted on August 22 , the AP report said , citing records . In its statement to CNN , the FAA said : "  There is nothing more important to the FAA than the safety of the National Airspace System and people on the ground . When local law enforcement reports a danger to aircraft , including guns fired into the air that could impact low flying aircraft , the FAA will always err on the side of safety . " It continues , "  When requested and no safety or security issues exist , the FAA actively facilitates media access to airspace , making provisions that allow properly accredited media representatives to operate inside the boundaries of temporarily restricted airspace through proper coordination with air traffic controllers or other appropriate officials . To the best of our knowledge , during the 11 day period flight restrictions of varying levels were in place , no media outlets objected to any of the restrictions . " A violation of the Constitution ? The American Civil Liberties Union weighed in on the AP story Monday . "  Just as the ACLU and ACLU of Missouri are working to protect the rights of protesters on the ground , we will protect them in the air as well , " said Lee Rowland , a staff attorney at the ACLU 's New York headquarters . She serves as lead counsel in federal First Amendment cases . "  It 's very troubling to the ACLU and it should be extremely troubling to anyone in the public who wants to get news about what their government is up to , " she said . "  This was a no-fly zone targeted at the media and it appears it was not for safety purposes . If indeed the air restrictions were only to keep the media out , it is a constitutional violation of the freedom of the press . " Complete coverage of Ferguson	St. Louis police chief says decision was about safety , not exclusion Police requested and were granted restriction on airspace in Ferguson , Missouri AP : Restriction was intended to ban news helicopters , taped conversations reveal First flight ban imposed during violence after Michael Brown 's shooting by police officer
CNN  -- It started with the denial of a growing health crisis . Nearly 40 % of Georgia 's children are overweight or obese -- the second-highest rate in the nation -- yet 50 % of Georgians do n't consider child obesity a problem . What 's more , 75 % of parents of obese children do n't think they have a problem on their hands , according to Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , the state 's largest pediatric health care system . In response , Children 's Healthcare crafted an ad campaign intended to highlight the roles of parents and caregivers in the widening epidemic . The posters and TV spots of obese children with doleful eyes were as stark as their accompanying messages : "  Being fat takes the fun out of being a kid , " and "  It 's hard to be a little girl if you 're not , " to name a few . "  We felt that because there was so much denial that we needed to make people aware that this is a medical crisis , " Chief Administrative Officer Linda Matzigkeit said . "  We knew flowery ads do n't get people 's attention . We wanted to come up with something arresting and hard-hitting to grab people . " The buzz began almost as soon as the ads started appearing in September on billboards , buses and train platforms around Atlanta . Critics felt images from the Strong4Life campaign were too negative and perpetuated weight-based stereotypes without providing concrete solutions . "  There seems to be this perception that it 's OK to shame children and families struggling with obesity because that will provide an incentive to lose weight , " said Rebecca Puhl , director of research and weight stigma initiatives at the Rudd Center for Food Policy & Obesity at Yale University . "  However , research in weight bias shows that when individuals feel shamed or stigmatized because of weight they 're actually more likely to engage in behaviors that reinforce obesity : unhealthy eating , avoidance of physical activity , increased caloric intake . " The TV spots stopped airing in Georgia in October and most of the billboards have come down . But conversations around the campaign continued online and in media coverage worldwide , raising debate over what makes an ad effective when it comes to combating obesity . Mommy bloggers take on anti-obesity ads As far as Children 's Healthcare is concerned , the fact that the ads sparked debate means they achieved their goal , regardless of the reaction . "  Our intention was to get people talking about childhood obesity and we did that . We ca n't do this alone ; it 's going to take a whole community of physicians , parents and caregivers to solve the problem , " Matzigkeit said . "  If parents continue to be in denial we 're not going to get past this crisis . " It 's a crisis that has been fostered by a culture of convenience : fast food , calorie-dense meals and car-centric cities slowly building up to national obesity rates of 33.8 % among adults and 17 % in children , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Stormy Bradley realizes now that she was one of those parents who did n't recognize her daughter had a real problem . "  It 's just a phase ; she 'll grow out of it , " she told herself . "  I think I should 've been more proactive earlier on , " the Atlanta mother said . "  I just did n't want to have a conversation that would upset her or put a rift between us , also because I knew that would mean me having to face my own issues with weight . " Then , Bradley saw an ad on Facebook in February 2011 looking for overweight children . She asked her 13-year-old daughter , Maya Walters , if she was interested and at the audition , the two learned about the substance of the ads . They also heard about the potential backlash they could face if she accepted the part . "  I was a little bit hesitant but then when I thought about it , I was like well it 'll be a good message to other kids like me , " Maya said . What 's the message ? "  Being overweight is a problem , but you 're not the only one dealing with it , " she said . Feedback from her peers has been positive , she said -- most were surprised to see her on TV and billboards . She also became involved in the media blitz defending the ads , appearing on local news and the Today Show . Through the experience , Maya and her mother were offered the chance to utilize the hospital 's Health4Life clinic , where she developed small changes to her daily routine through consultations with doctors , psychologists , nutritionists and exercise physiologists . And , she 's sticking with it , she and mother attested . Fruits are surprisingly filling , she said . She ca n't remember the last time she drank soda after giving up sugary beverages for water and the occasional packet of sugar-free drink mix . She typically exercises at least 30 minutes a day , either by walking the dog with her mom or going to the park or playing on the Wii her younger brother . By the time school began last fall , she was ready to try out for the cheerleading squad and made it , which means two training sessions a week along with two to three games . "  The smaller things definitely make a change , " she said in a phone interview Sunday as she and her mother drove to a "  Black Girls Run " event in Lithonia , Georgia . "  It 's very hilly in my neighborhood but now when I walk the dog I do n't get as tired . With cheerleading , we have to run a mile at least . And before I could n't do the whole thing but now I can . " Maya came to the campaign as a paid model , but the hospital considers her an example of how Strong4Life helps children set goals for a healthy lifestyle , complete with videos documenting their journeys . She 's not the only one , according to the hospital . The Health4Life Clinic had 350 patient visits in 2010 and nearly 600 patient visits in 2011 , with physicians treating more than 100 children with fatty liver disease and/or cirrhosis , conditions that are rarely seen among children who are not overweight . The multi-disciplinary approach is widely regarded as an effective tool in helping families make small changes in their daily routine . But among critics , those tools were buried far too deep within the initial ad campaign . "  The stark settings , their forlorn looks and body language convey an image of kids who are alone and do n't have the support of the community . They teach us that we should feel sorry for fat kids and that it 's normal to tease and abuse them , " said Amy Farrell , author of "  Fat Shame : Stigma and the Fat Body in American Culture . " "  The approach should be to try to change those ideas with positive messages that encourage kids , parents and the community to get involved in encouraging kids to be active and eat well , " said Farrell , a professor of American studies and Women 's & Gender Studies at Dickinson College . In recent weeks , critics of Strong4Life 's ads have compared them to a new campaign encouraging New Yorkers to cut their portion sizes . The Health Department 's posters also employ austere black-and-white scenes of obese people , but the messaging is more direct . One poster shows a man with his leg amputated below his knee , crutches leaning against the wall , with the message "  Portions Have Grown : So Has Type 2 Diabetes , Which Can Lead to Amputations . " Still , the poster is generating controversy for a different reason , after the New York Times revealed that the image had been digitally altered to remove the man 's leg . "  This issue is n't about one actor , but rather the 700,000 New Yorkers who struggle with diabetes , which kills 1,700 people a year and causes amputations in another 3,000 , " Health Department spokesman John Kelly said in a statement to the paper . "  Advertising to warn the public about health concerns saves lives , and we will continue our efforts to warn New Yorkers about diabetes . " The hard-hitting tone of Children 's Healthcare 's ads were inspired by Georgia METH Project 's "  Not Even Once " campaign , along with other state-led campaigns against smoking and drug abuse , which tend to pair a minimalist aesthetic with brutal , straightforward wording . With smoking and drug abuse , the main targets of public health initiatives are users . But campaigns to combat obesity , especially childhood obesity , set their sights on those struggling with their weight , caregivers and the community -- essentially , society at large . "  The target is everyone , whether they 're fat or not , that somehow we should all be taking responsibility for what 's perceived as an epidemic , " said Farrell . "  The stigma itself needs to be addressed itself because until we do that , why would a fat child want to go out on the playground and be teased ? We want to create an environment where people are not treated so poorly because of their bodies that they 'll want go out and enjoy physical movement . " It 's a sentiment that representatives from Children 's Healthcare agree with , one that they say moves the discussion beyond an ad campaign to a movement that fosters healthier lifestyles . That means training pediatricians and health care providers on how to talk about obesity with families ; it means giving families the tools to start making steps toward positive change . "  If you look at steps it takes to initiate long-term change , the first thing you need is to be aware that there 's a problem and then you need the intent to change , " said Dr. Mark Wulkan , the hospital 's chief surgeon and professor-in-chief of pediatric surgery at Emory Hospital in Atlanta . "  The first phase of the ad campaign was about raising awareness and generating the intent to change . Now , it 's becoming a movement , where we move on to changing the culture that has created this epidemic . "	Ads meant to raise awareness among parents of child obesity epidemic , hospital says Strong4Life ads being phased out but debate lingers over whether they did more harm than good Critics say they reinforced negative stereotypes , failed to provide solutions Hospital wants focus to shift from ads to steps that will change culture
CNN  -- In a country obsessed with its premier sport , Egypt 's football season kicks off Saturday to heavy anticipation -- but without any fans in the stands . Instead of the roars of raucous crowds , players take the pitch to the relative silence of secure military stadiums . Saturday 's matches are the first since a gruesome riot at a football match last year that left 74 dead and 1,000 injured . Dubbed the "  massacre at Port Said , " the riot in February 2012 broke out after Port Said-based Al-Masry defeated Cairo 's Al-Ahly , 3-1 . Fans from both sides bashed one another with rocks and chairs , and many of those who died fell from the bleachers while others suffocated . While the football rivalries between the cities have been a mainstay , recent political upheaval has only fueled the fire . Last week , a judge issued death sentences for 21 Port Said residents for their roles in the riot . Those verdicts incensed Port Said residents who blame security officials -- not fans -- for the mass tragedy . Fear and loathing in Egypt : The fallout from Port Said Decades of strife The history of tense relations between Port Said and Cairo date about 60 years , as residents of Port Said have felt betrayed by Egyptian security forces during a series of wars with Israel . Thousands of residents were displaced several times because of the Suez War , the Six-Day War of 1967 , the War of Attrition with Israel , and the 1973 Arab-Israeli War . Residents of Port Said , in the northeastern corner of the country , believed security forces did not adequately defend their city . In addition , some say Cairo has not invested enough in Port Said 's infrastructure , and that their city does n't reap enough tax benefits from trade with international ships that pass though Port Said via the critical Suez Canal . Some also contend that Port Said is still getting the cold shoulder from Cairo after a 1999 assassination attempt of then-President Hosni Mubarak , who was visiting the city . Could Egypt fall apart ? Molotov cocktails and fire at the presidential palace The new football season also kicks off amid new turmoil embroiling the country . The latest spate of violence started during demonstrations last week to mark the two-year anniversary of the Egyptian revolution . Protesters angry with the slow pace of change and with President Mohamed Morsy 's actions clashed with Morsy supporters and police in the cities such as Suez and Ismailia . Those clashes , combined with furor over Port Said death sentences , led to scores of deaths . The chaos snowballed through Friday , when a fire broke out at the entrance of the presidential palace as protesters hurled Molotov cocktails and rocks at security forces . Authorities responded with tear gas and water cannon , and Egyptian TV aired live footage of security forces beating a naked man on the ground . A presidential spokesman on Saturday deplored the video of the man being beaten , calling it "  shocking . " The government assures "  that what happened was an individual behaviot and does not represent the ideology of the police force , " spokesman Yasser Ali said . He promised an investigation into the incident . The protests are the latest in the seesaw struggle between Egypt 's first democratically elected president and dissidents who say his leadership is a throwback to past dictatorships , particularly the reign of Mubarak , who was toppled two years ago in the popular revolt . Protesters attack presidential palace in Cairo More than just a game In Egypt , football is n't just a sport . It 's an escape from the economic , political and social tumult wracking the country . The only times traffic virtually disappears from Cairo streets are when residents break their daily fasts during Ramadan and when the city 's two main teams -- Al-Ahly and Zamalek -- take the field . Saturday 's matches feature both those Cairo teams -- Al-Alhy against Ghazl El-Mehalla and Zamalek against Al-Ittihad Al-Sakndary . But while football has both unified and polarized parts of the country , fans now must cheer or lament from afar . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Presidential spokesman promises investigation of police who beat protester Saturday 's matches are the first since last year 's deadly football riot 74 people were killed after a Port Said team beat a Cairo team in 2012 A judged sentenced 21 Port Said residents to death for their roles in the riot
CNN  -- Somalia is facing life-threatening food and water shortages leaving millions at risk for starvation , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Wednesday . A growing percentage of Somalia 's population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . "  The Somali people are going through unbearable hardship , " said Pascal Hundt , head of the ICRC 's delegation for Somalia , in a written statement . "  We are witnessing the worst tragedy of the past decade in Somalia . " Somalia 's last severe famine , from 1991 to 1993 , devastated crops , killed between 240,000 and 280,000 people and displaced up to 2 million , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Humanitarian workers view Somalia 's food crisis as one of the worst in the world . With winds ripping though the country , hundreds of thousands of Somalis are finding their crops as dry as the surrounding landscape , preventing harvests , killing livestock and leading to a mass risk of starvation . The continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation , hindering people from accessing shelter and medical attention . A growing percentage of the population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . The ICRC , World Food Program and CARE plan to deliver four months worth of food to 435,000 Somalis within the next few weeks . International donors are being asked by the ICRC to provide some of the emergency money . Aid includes giving blankets , kitchen sets and other shelter supplies to 150,000 people . The WFP will be increasing the amount it spends in Somalia to $ 163 million in food assistance , the group said at a U.N. conference in Rome Wednesday . In addition to drought and armed conflict , high inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation . Similar factors have affected other developing nations in Africa and other parts of the world . Ethiopia 's food crisis has affected 4.5 million people , said the United Nations Children 's Fund . As a result of widespread food shortages and little rainfall , an estimated 126,000 children are in need of medical assistance to combat severe malnutrition , while the WFP projects $ 193 million will be needed for urgent food distributions .	ICRC : Somalia facing life-threatening food , water shortages leaving millions at risk Winds are leaving crops as dry as the landscape , preventing harvests Continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation High inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation
CNN  -- A plume of thick smoke rose over a Louisiana chemical plant Thursday after an explosion and fire that left at least one person dead and forced authorities to ask people as far as 2 miles away to stay inside to avoid exposure to potentially toxic fumes . Zachary Green , 29 , of Hammond was killed in the blast , the Louisiana State Police said . A dramatic image provided to CNN affiliate WAFB by a plant worker who did not want to be identified showed workers running from a towering orange column of flame ripping through part of the plant . At least 75 people were injured in the blast , said Christina Stephens , a spokeswoman with the Louisiana Department of Health . "  Generally they were people who came in with burns , cardiac issues and blunt trauma , " she said . Aside from a controlled burn at the Williams Geismar plant , the fire was out , Louisiana State Police Trooper Jaren Sandifer told CNN . Firefighters and a hazardous materials team were evaluating the situation , Ascension Parish Sheriff Jeffrey Wiley told reporters . "  We think we have a stable situation , " he said . iReport : Video shot just after the explosion As Gov. Bobby Jindal traveled to the area to meet with emergency workers , authorities lifted the shelter-in-place order for nearby residents early Thursday afternoon . Four nearby chemical plants remained under a similar order , Ascension Parish spokesman Lester Kenyon told CNN . At least one person died , Sandifer said . Three people were hospitalized in critical condition , according to information provided by hospitals who reported receiving patients from the blast -- Baton Rouge General Hospital , Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center and St. Elizabeth Hospital . One person was in serious condition , 12 were in fair condition and one was in good condition , according to the hospitals . About 600 people were at the plant when the explosion occurred , Sandifer told CNN . It was unclear what caused the blast , he said . The plant produces about 1.3 billion pounds of ethylene and 90 million pounds of polymer-grade propylene each year , according to the company 's website . The explosion in Louisiana comes two months after a deadly fertilizer plant explosion in West , Texas , on April 17 . In that incident , 15 people died and a significant portion of the town was damaged by the explosion . See also : Cause of Texas explosion "  undetermined " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	NEW : A 29-year-old man from Hammond was killed , officials say NEW : Authorities update the condition of those who were hospitalized Aside from a controlled burn , the fire at the chemical plant is out , official says Hospitals report three people in critical condition
CNN  -- From India to Las Vegas , superstitious lovebirds and numbers geeks are reveling in a once-in-a-lifetime event : the date 12/12/12 . Sure , it might be just another set of numbers for some . But unlike the past 11 years , this will be the last such triple date for almost a century -- until January 1 , 2101 . That means one last chance for couples to get hitched on such an easy-to-remember wedding date  read : anniversary date  . Those tying the knot at the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel have 40 different 12/12/12 wedding packages to choose from . Six of those options include an Elvis impersonator . Others include pirate , gangster and gothic themes . "  Besides a traditional wedding , the most popular is Elvis in a pink Caddy , where Elvis drives the couple down the aisle in a pink Cadillac , " said general manager Brian Mills , who doubles as an Elvis impersonator . From midnight to midnight , more than 100 couples will walk or ride down the aisle at Viva Las Vegas . That 's more than 10 times the number of couples who get hitched there on a typical Wednesday in December , Mills said . "  The charismatic and fun-loving couple that gets married on a 12 day is lucky and balanced , but seeking constant goals to achieve , " the chapel 's website explains . "  The ` go-getting ' 1 and the ` sensitive ' 2 make this a very balanced number . "  1 is the vibration of ` new beginnings ' and starting things afresh . The 2 vibration is about seeking ` balance ' and that 's certainly something that many will struggle with -- balancing the bank balance , balancing the food and beverage intake , balancing the emotions ... balancing in every way . " For professional numerologists , 12/12/12 is n't just a cool repetition of digits or a lucky day for lovers . It 's a fantastic day to start a new business venture or make a significant purchase , Indian numerologist Swetta Jumaani said . According to numerology , 12 is considered a "  three " number because the digits add up to three . And three is a very good number because it corresponds with the largest planet , Jupiter , in addition to wealth .  In case you 're wondering , Jumaani says the No. 1 "  planet " is the sun , and the No. 2 "  planet " is the moon . "  If you 're in a business of trading money , or the buying and selling of anything ,  Wednesday  is a good day to make investments , " Jumaani said . "  If you want to buy something -- property , if you want to buy gold -- it 'd be a good day . " But Wednesday is a terrible day to wear black , she said . "  Black is a very inauspicious color . Something bad always happens . " Halfway across the world in Alabama , Kiam Moriya will turn 12 on 12/12/12 -- at exactly 12:12 p.m. , AL.com reported . "  It 's like one minute out of a whole lifetime , " Kiam told the news site . "  You know , it 's all 12s . " Wednesday also marks a milestone for the Vatican , where Pope Benedict XVI sent his first official tweet to the world . It 's unclear whether the pope chose 12/12/12 for the digits or for some other reason . But more than 600,000 followers waited to see what message @Pontifex would offer in 140 characters or less . Despite the weddings , superstitions and inaugural papal tweet , underwhelmed Twitter users griped about all the brouhaha . "  Ladies and gentlemen , it 's 12.12.12 and ... . Nothing happened , " Aazief Khalid of Malaysia tweeted Wednesday . And nothing like it will happen again for almost 100 years . Read more : The allure of the Mayan Apocalypse	One Las Vegas chapel is offering 40 different wedding packages for 12/12/12 An Indian numerologist says Wednesday is a great day for making investments Pope Benedict sends his first official tweet Wednesday Some people on Twitter are underwhelmed by the unusual date
CNN  A highway crash involving three buses and a freezer truck in northern Peru killed at least 37 people , the country 's Ministry of Health said Monday . Six others were in critical condition after the Monday morning crash on a highway near the city of Casma , in the Ancash region , about 230 miles  370 kilometers  north of Lima , the capital . One of the buses entered an oncoming lane and struck another bus as the other two vehicles approached , the state-run Agencia Andina news agency reported , citing a fire department official . Bus travel is an essential form of transportation for Peruvians going north and south between cities along the Pan-American Highway , which hugs the Pacific coast .	Three buses and a freezer truck were involved in a crash in northern Peru At least 37 people are dead and six are in critical condition
Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg and his wife were the second-biggest charitable donors in the United States last year , appearing behind only billionaire Warren Buffett on a list of the nation 's most generous philanthropists . Zuckerberg , along with wife Priscilla Chan , gave roughly half a billion dollars  $ 498.8 million  to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation , according to The Chronicle of Philanthropy . The group released its annual Philanthropy 50 over the weekend . The Facebook founder and CEO was one of three tech-industry titans in the list 's top five . Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen was fourth , with $ 309 million in contributions , mostly to the Allen Institute for Brain Science . And Google co-founder Sergey Brin and wife Anne Wojcicki , co-founder of genetic-testing company 23andME , were fifth , putting $ 223 million into their Brin Wojcicki Foundation . Zuckerberg , whose net worth is probably somewhere around $ 12 billion despite a rocky start for Facebook 's stock , made his first big splash in the philanthropy space in 2010 , when he pledged $ 100 million to public schools in Newark , New Jersey . The Silicon Valley Community Foundation issues grants for a host of causes in the San Francisco area . In 2012 , its charitable causes ranged from programs to teach immigrants English , to groups providing food and shelter to the needy , to funds for victims of the California wildfires . Zuckerberg donated 18 million Facebook shares to the foundation in December . "  Together , we will look for areas in education and health to focus on next . I 'm hopeful we 'll be able to have as positive an impact in our next set of projects , " Zuckerberg wrote on his Facebook page at the time . Allen 's institute is devoted to research on how the human brain works , particularly in regard to health and disease . It is a nonprofit medical research organization launched in 2003 and which Allen compares , in scope , to the Large Hadron Collider and the Human Genome Project . Brin and Wojcicki 's foundation donates to a number of causes which , in 2012 , included women 's and environmental issues and a foundation devoted to curbing poverty . The couple also donated nearly $ 33 million last year to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson 's Research . Zuckerberg , 27 , and Brin , 39 , contributed to a trend noted by the chronicle -- and likely spurred by the emergence of the youth-oriented tech field . Three of the year 's top five donors were under 40 . The other , No. 3 on the list , was hedge-fund creator John Arnold , who is 38 , and his wife , Laura .	Zuckerberg and wife , Priscilla Chan , gave about $ 500 million to a charitable foundation last year Chronicle of Philanthropy releases its list of most generous givers in 2012 Warren Buffett tops the list ; hedge-fund creator John Arnold and his wife , Laura , are third Microsoft 's Paul Allen , Google 's Sergey Brin and wife , Anne Wojcicki , round out the top five
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain told supporters he will "  take nothing for granted " after defeating former Rep. J.D. Hayworth in a bitterly fought Republican primary for U.S. Senate in Arizona Tuesday . "  I ... will fight with every ounce of strength and conviction I possess to make the case for my continued service in the Senate , and the policies and principles I will advocate and defend if I 'm fortunate to be re-elected , " McCain said in his victory speech Tuesday night . McCain -- seeking a fifth term as senator -- was ahead 58.8 percent to 29.8 percent , with 20 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . The race between McCain -- the 2008 GOP presidential nominee -- and conservative talk show host Hayworth started off nasty and did n't get any friendlier down the home stretch . Forced to spend $ 20 million in the campaign , McCain was driven to the right on some issues as Hayworth accused him of not being a true conservative . McCain is expected to easily beat any one of the four Democratic primary candidates in the solidly red state . In Florida -- one of four other states to hold primaries Tuesday -- millionaire political newcomer Rick Scott claimed victory over Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum in the Republican primary for governor . In a speech to supporters , Scott , who spent $ 50 million of his own fortune since joining the race in April , alluded to the divisive nature of his fight against McCollum , the party-establishment favorite and former Congressman . "  Some of you may have noticed this was a hard-fought race . We talked a lot about our differences , but tonight it 's time to remember those things that bring us together -- to recall our core beliefs and recommit ourselves to fighting for our principles , " Scott said . "  The Republican Party will come together , and the reason we will come together is our shared devotion to the values that make America great . " Scott was ahead of McCollum , 46.5 percent to 43.4 percent , with 96 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . The winner will face a November general election against Alex Sink , Florida 's chief financial officer , whom CNN projected will win the state 's Democratic primary for governor . In a different race featuring a political veteran against a self-funded candidate with deep pockets , Rep. Kendrick Meek declared victory over billionaire Jeff Greene in Florida 's Democratic primary for U.S. Senate . Meek led Greene 57.3 percent to 31.2 percent , with 97 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . Meek will take on Marco Rubio -- who won the Republican primary for Senate -- and Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican-turned independent , in the general election . In an e-mail Tuesday night , Meek thanked supporters for lifting him past Greene , a billionaire real estate investor who was funding his own bid after making a fortune betting against the housing market . "  The pundits thought this seat could be bought . Our critics wrote us off . But together , you and I proved them wrong , " Meek 's message said . Meek used his victory speech minutes later to try and establish himself as the candidate for Democratic voters in November . He noted that he is "  running against two conservative candidates " -- a clear swipe at Crist , who could siphon votes from Meek in November . "  I made the case , and I am the real Democrat in this race , " Meek said . Crist , who avoided a primary battle with Rubio by announcing an independent candidacy , framed the three-way Senate race as a choice between him , the hard right and the hard left . "  If ... you want somebody who wants to fight the gridlock in Washington and put the people first instead of the party , -LSB- and -RSB- do what 's right for Florida rather than what 's right for Washington or right for just Republicans or Democrats , then you have an alternative , " he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday night . Rubio told his supporters that Crist and Meek would be the candidates for voters who already "  like the direction that America is headed . " "  If , on the other hand , you are unhappy with the direction that Washington is taking America ... then there is only one person running , there is only one campaign in Florida in 2010 that is offering to stand up to that agenda , " Rubio said . Florida 's Democratic primary for Senate and the Republican primary for governor were two races in which two deep-pocketed political novices came virtually out of nowhere this spring , but managed to transform a pair of primaries into two of the most outlandish contests of the 2010 cycle . Meek , a Democrat from Miami , Florida , had a clear path to his party 's Senate nomination until April , when Greene decided to fund his own bid . Both campaigns quickly trained fire on one another , with Meek dubbing Greene a "  Meltdown Mogul . " Greene linked Meek to an indicted Miami real estate developer and questioned Meek 's commitment to Israel , a weighty charge in a state with a large population of Jewish voters . Republicans also were grappling with a divisive primary in the governor 's race between McCollum , a former Congressman backed by the state 's party establishment , and Scott , a millionaire former health care executive . Scott spent $ 50 million of his personal fortune since joining the race in April , mostly by blanketing Florida 's expensive television and radio airwaves with advertisements questioning McCollum 's conservative bona fides . He eventually stumbled on the campaign trail as he faced questions about his management of two health care companies that went on to face legal problems . Arizona 's GOP Senate race also was bitter , with Hayworth insisting that after running to the right in the primary , McCain would seek to build his legacy by cutting deals with President Obama and the Democrats if re-elected . Fights over immigration fueled the race , as Hayworth and Tea Party activists challenged McCain 's previous efforts at reform , which called for tougher border security , but included a pathway to citizenship for some undocumented workers . But McCain defended Arizona 's new immigration law , State Bill 1070 , and went on a six-stop statewide tour with Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , whose signing of the bill earned her wide praise from conservatives , and made her the symbol of opposition to amnesty . On Tuesday night , McCain told supporters he was convinced that Republicans will regain majorities in both the Senate and the House . "  And when we do , we will stop the out of control spending and tax increases and repeal and replace Obamacare , " McCain said . "  We will keep families in their homes , we will create new jobs and we will allow our businesses to grow without Washington interference . We will secure our borders , defend our nation and bring our troops home from Afghanistan with honor and victory . " Other races : -- Republican Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona easily won her party 's gubernatorial nomination Tuesday night , according to a CNN projection . Brewer captured 87 percent of the vote in the GOP primary election , according to early unofficial vote returns from the AP . -- In Alaska , incumbent Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski , with one of the best-known political names in the state , is pitted against an unknown challenger . But attorney Joe Miller 's campaign picked up the support of the Tea Party movement and the backing of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . In a last-minute robocall for Miller , Palin went after Murkowski saying , "  Lisa Murkowski has voted with the Democrats more than any Republican up for re-election this year . She waffled on the repeal of ObamaCare , co-sponsored cap and trade and voted for TARP . " But some think that endorsement of Miller is at least partly personal . Palin had tangled with Murkowski 's father Frank and defeated him in the 2006 governor 's race . The Tea Party made its support known again in the final hours , promoting the more than half-million dollars it put into Miller 's campaign . -- Also in Alaska , voters decide on gubernatorial nominees . Gov. Sean Parnell , who replaced Palin when she resigned last year , faces two challengers in the GOP primary . Two Democrats are battling for their party 's nomination . -- Longtime Republican Gov. Jim Douglas is retiring in Vermont , giving Democrats hope of competing for the seat . Five Democrats are running in what 's considered a tight race . The winner will face GOP Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie . -- In Oklahoma , two U.S. House Republican nominations will be decided in a runoff . In the 2nd District , Republicans think they have a chance for a pickup this fall against conservative Democrat Dan Boren . And two Republicans are battling to likely replace Rep. Mary Fallin , who 's running for governor . -- A 10-way Republican primary in the Arizona 3rd Congressional District race to replace retiring Rep. John Shadegg has attracted national attention because Ben Quayle , son of former Vice President Dan Quayle , is one of the candidates . The winner will face Democrat John Hulburd in the fall in the heavily red district . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Steve Brusk , Rachel Streitfeld , Jeff Simon and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	McCain 's bid for fifth term still on track Meek to face Rubio , Crist in Florida race for U.S. Senate in November Scott defeats McCollum in Florida 's GOP primary for governor Five states had primaries Tuesday
CNN  Authorities in Palm Desert , California , are looking for missing AIG insurance company executive Omar Meza . The 33-year-old was last seen at the JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort & Spa on Thursday night after a company dinner . Meza was reported missing after he failed to show up for various meetings the following day . "  I spoke to him ... I was the last conversation per his telephone records ... on Thursday night around 11:20 p.m. , " said his wife Diane . "  It was late on a work night . I told him , ` head to your hotel and call me when you get there . ' I never got that call , " she said . "  I tried calling him but he did n't answer . I just went to bed . Did n't think too much of it . " She said her husband suffered short-term memory loss from a traffic accident last year . It 's uncertain whether that had any impact on his disappearance . Meza 's jacket and wallet were found on the resort 's golf course , CNN affilaites KESQ and KMIR reported . The Palm Desert Sheriff 's Station says it 's using all available resources in the search for Meza , including bloodhounds and Desert Search and Rescue . Authorities call it an active and ongoing investigation . Palm Desert is located about 120 miles east of Los Angeles in Riverside County . CNN 's Travis Sattiewhite , Teri Genova and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Omar Meza has been missing since last Thursday His wife Diane says she talked with him late Thursday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Hey , Hey It 's Esther Blueburger " is the latest comic creation to emerge from the Australian film market . Guy Pearce , Hugo Weaving and Terence Stamp star in the camp classic "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert . " An unabashed celebration of girlishness , the coming-of-age movie tells the story of Esther , a bespectacled and awkward teen . Looked down on as nerd at her posh private school , Esther  played by newcomer Danielle Catanzariti  reinvents herself after befriending Sunni , an older girl who goes to the local public school . Bearing a passing resemblance to the runaway U.S. indie hit "  Juno " , "  Esther Blueburger " could well go on to imitate some of the worldwide success of its hipper American cousin . If the film is to do well , its kitschness can surely only work to its advantage . After all , many of the Australian comedies that have found success with an international audience have relied on more than just a smattering of camp . Oddly , from a country that brought the world "  Mad Max " and Russell Crowe , many of the biggest comic hits fly in the face of the conventional stereotypes of Australian culture as straight-talking and macho . For every "  Crocodile Dundee " , in other words , there is a "  Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " , riding triumphantly over the horizon ready to unsettle the manhood and steal the laughs into the bargain . It was Paul Hogan 's comic creation Mick "  Crocodile " Dundee , the laidback survivalist from the outback that first put Australian comic films on the map over 20 years ago . The first "  Crocodile Dundee " film was released in 1986 to huge commercial success worldwide -- it was the highest grossing film internationally that year -- spawned two sequels and was credited with boosting the Australian tourist industry . A lot of the laughs in the film come from the depiction of Mick Dundee  played by Hogan  as an unreconstructed , Aussie bloke struggling to come to terms with modern metropolitan life when he leaves small town Australia to visit New York . In one scene , for example , Dundee 's reaction to meeting a cross-dresser on the streets of the Big Apple is to grab the man 's crotch to verify his gender . Crocodile Dundee 's comic book version of Australian identity may have worked well in the movie theaters , but it was viewed by many critics as hackneyed and out of touch with the reality of modern Australia . The arrival of the writer and director Baz Luhrmann in the early '90s seemed to breath fresh life into Australian film . The stunning critical and financial success of his debut feature , "  Strictly Ballroom " in 1992 heralded a string of breakout hits that were n't afraid to show their feminine side . The story of a young ballroom dancer who flouts convention and risks the ire of the judges by dancing his own moves , "  Strictly Ballroom " provoked a bidding war at the Cannes Film Festival after it won the Prix de Jeunesse award . Alongside a realistic portrayal of Australian small town life , there is a warm-hearted send up of the peculiar world of ballroom dancing . From the sequined costumes to the Cyndi Lauper soundtrack , the movie is also saturated in campness and kitsch . The benchmark set by Luhrmann , whose 2001 stellar musical feature "  Moulin Rouge ! " was also defiantly camp , was matched by "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " in 1994 and by "  Muriel 's Wedding " to a lesser extent the same year . "  Priscilla " in particular created a huge stir when it was first released . Starring the venerable British actor Terence Stamp , Guy Pearce and Hugo Weaving , it is the story of three drag queens driving across the outback from Sydney to Alice Springs in a large bus they have named Priscilla . It has gone on to be regarded as a camp classic -- though perhaps not in South Korea , where it was reportedly banned for fear it might encourage homosexuality . Less overtly camp than "  Priscilla " , "  Muriel 's Wedding " celebrates the lighter side of femininity . The story of a socially awkward ` ugly duckling ' whose daydreams of a glamorous white wedding are soundtracked by Abba music , the film was a surprise hit globally and launched the Hollywood career of Toni Collette -- who has a role in "  Esther Blueburger " . Muriel  played by Collette  tramps around in leopard skin inviting bitchy comments from her crass friends until she eventually plucks up the courage to head to the city . Like "  Strictly Ballroom " , it exposes the mean-spiritedness that can blight small town life -- in this case the small town in question is the kitschy fictional coastal setting of Porpoise Spit . As well as their camp credentials , one thing these films share in common is a reluctance to slip into stereotyped depictions of Australians . Questions of national identity are explored with more subtlety through a range of characters , and the image of the Aussie bloke immortalised in the character of Mick Dundee is made to look a dated simplification . Still , this onslaught of camp sometimes proves too much , even for some of the films ' characters . As Bernadette  played by Stamp  tells her fellow drag queens at one point in "  Priscilla " : "  I 'll join this conversation on the proviso that we stop bitching about people , talking about wigs , dresses , bust sizes , penises , drugs , night clubs , and bloody Abba ! " To which Weaving 's character Tick snaps back : "  Does n't give us much to talk about then , does it ? "	"  Hey , Hey It 's Esther Blueburger " is the latest comedy film to come out of Australia Like many successful Australian comedies it relies on a high dose of kitsch Films like "  Strictly Ballroom " have subverted the macho Aussie stereotype "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " caused a storm on its release
CNN  After days of anti-government protests in Haiti , the country 's prime minister is resigning . Laurent Lamothe announced his resignation Saturday night , the country 's Ministry of Communications said on Twitter . "  I leave the position of prime minister this evening with a feeling of accomplishment , " Lamothe said in a televised speech . The resignation comes after violent anti-government protests calling for elections and for both Lamothe and President Michel Martelly to step down . The United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti denounced the violence in the nation 's capital , Port-au-Prince , and also said it is investigating a report of excessive use of force . Haiti has been mired in extreme poverty and instability for years . It is still grappling with the aftermath of a catastrophic 2010 earthquake that killed more than 230,000 . In 2011 , the year Martelly was elected , the President gave a sobering account of Haitian politics : "  We are ruled by corruption , " he said at the time . "  The people have no confidence in their government . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Laurent Lamothe says he is stepping down as prime minister Protesters have called for the resignations of Lamothe and President Michel Martelly Haiti has been mired in extreme poverty and instability for years
CNN  -- A Texas man convicted of seeking now-deceased Yemeni-based cleric Anwar al-Awlaki 's advice about raising money for jihadists has been sentenced to 20 years in prison , federal prosecutors announced Thursday . Barry Walter Bujol Jr. , a 30-year-old Hempstead , Texas , resident and former student at Prairie View A&M University , had been convicted in November of attempting to provide material support to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , as well as an aggravated identity theft charge . Prosecutors said he had been coordinating his plans with a man he thought was a recruiter for AQAP , but who in reality was a confidential source for law enforcement . Evidence revealed Bujol repeatedly told his contact , "  AQAP should attack the human beings essential to operate the UAV 's instead of attacking the UAV 's themselves " and suggested targets including one in Texas , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Houston . Prosecutors said Bujol had been in e-mail communication with al-Awlaki , who was killed in a U.S. drone strike in September , and had asked his advice on how to raise money for the "  mujahideen " without drawing police attntion . He also "  inquired about his duty as a Muslim to make ` violent jihad , ' " a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office said . Bujol was arrested with a fraudulent ID card while trying to sneak into the port of Houston , where he planned to stow away aboard an Algerian-bound ship and make his way to Yemen to fight for al Qeda , prosecutors said . He acted as his own attorney in a non-jury trial , but did not present witnesses or testify on his own behalf . "  We do not take matters of potential national security lightly , " United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson said . "  This case and its successful resolution represents  sic  our commitment to making our communities a safer place to live . " Police who searched his apartment found a home-made video on his laptop computer that included images of Osama bin Laden . In the video , which was entered into evidence , Bujol 's voice is heard addressing his wife and saying he had left suddenly to pursue jihad and probably would not see her again until the afterlife .	Barry Bujol had been messaging an informant he thought was an al Qaeda recruiter Prosecutors said he had suggested attacking U.S. drone controllers He acted as his own lawyer in a non-jury trial
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An American soldier in Iraq has been sentenced to two years in military prison on child pornography charges , the U.S. military said Tuesday . At a general court-martial Monday at Baghdad 's Camp Victory , Army Pvt. James R. Bickerstaff pleaded guilty to attempted possession of child pornography and communicating indecent language to a child under 16 . Bickerstaff also received a bad-conduct discharge . The soldier was stationed at Fort Riley , Kansas , in August 2006 when he "  engaged in a discussion with a 12-year-old girl in an attempt to initiate physical contact of a sexual nature , " the military said . In April and May , he downloaded pornographic videos to a personal laptop and an iPod and attempted to download child pornography , the military said . Bickerstaff is with Charlie Company , 1-16th Infantry Battalion , 787th Combat Service Support Battalion , 507th Corps Support Group , at Al Asad Air Base . E-mail to a friend	Soldier stationed in Iraq convicted in court-martial Private solicited sexual contact with girl , 12 , military says Soldier gets two years in military prison , bad-conduct discharge
JOHNSTON , Iowa  CNN  -- Politics meets technology Thursday as a group of undecided Iowa Democrats has allowed themselves to be wired for the debate of Democratic presidential hopefuls . A dial-test graph is displayed over candidate Rudy Giuliani during a recent GOP debate . By the end of the debate , CNN hopes to be able to gauge which debater was the group 's favorite and whose popularity fell -- and perhaps -- who may win the first-in-the-nation presidential caucuses on January 3 . Across town , six Democratic candidates will be facing off for their final scheduled debate in the Hawkeye State before caucus night . The debate is hosted by the Des Moines Register and Iowa Public Television . Each member of the randomly selected group will watch the debate on a large-screen TV while operating special hand-held dial-testing devices which are approximately the size of typical remote-control devices . Viewers will react to the debate as it happens -- second-by-second -- as they move their dials to the right or the left . Dialing right indicates a positive response and dialing left represents a negative response . Southern Methodist University professors Rita Kirk and Dan Schill will track the average response of the group corresponding with each moment of the debate . Responses will be represented by a moving line on a video monitor . The group of Iowans , randomly selected by phone from a list of registered voters , will be recording their impressions of every moment of the debate . The Democratic participants will answer a series of questions both before and after the debate , to determine how the event may change their minds about the candidates . Among the questions to be posed before the face-off : Who do the group members think will perform best in the debate ? Afterwards , they 'll be asked who they think did the best . They also will be asked who they would vote for if the election were held today and who they think will win the nomination . All participants are planning to attend caucuses , but have yet to pick a candidate . Some are wavering between two candidates while some are considering several . They 're hoping to get a better sense of the race from watching this debate , and CNN is hoping to get a better sense of their impressions of the debate by watching them . E-mail to a friend	Randomly chosen , undecided Democrats will watch debate while turning dials Dials will rate their positive and negative responses to each debater Group members will be asked questions about candidates before , after debate
CNN  -- Arthur was downgraded from a hurricane to a post-tropical storm on Saturday , as its sustained winds dropped to 85 mph , according to CNN meteorologists . Tropical storm warnings previously issued for Nantucket and Cape Cod have been discontinued . The first named storm of this hurricane season caused street flooding and knocked out power along the North Carolina coast . The area appears to have been spared from large-scale damage . The center of Arthur is forecast to pass over or near western Nova Scotia on Saturday while also bringing heavy rain to New England , CNN meteorologists said . The coast of Maine can expect 40 mph winds as Arthur passes . The hurricane center warns that potentially deadly rip currents can still form at beaches from the mid-Atlantic northward , even though Arthur may be far away . See Images as CNN crews cover Hurricane Arthur CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Arthur weakens to a post-tropical storm early Saturday Tropical storm warnings for parts of the Northeast are dropped Parts of New England can expect heavy rain Saturday
Fatah , the Palestinian political party , said Sunday it will scrap a series of events to commemorate the death 10 years ago of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . The decision comes two days after a series of bombings at the homes of Fatah leaders and highlights rising tensions between the rival political factions , despite their April agreement on a unity government . In a statement Sunday announcing the decision to call off the Arafat events -- which were set to begin this week -- Fatah official Izam al-Ahmad cited bomb attacks which he blamed on Hamas . A number of explosions rocked homes owned by Fatah figures on Friday , according to the Palestinian Authority . No injuries were reported . The explosions took place as Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah was preparing to visit Gaza . The trip has been postponed indefinitely , the Palestinian Authority said . Hamas denounced the attacks , according to the Facebook page of spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . But the Fatah spokesman nevertheless accused Hamas of "  cheap lies " and said that Fatah officials had "  expected a united government to cater to the interests of our nation . " In April , Hamas and Fatah announced an agreement to form a unity government , a development that Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti hailed as the "  end to the division between the Palestinian people . " The comity was not long-lasting , however . In September , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas blasted Hamas , claiming it was running a "  shadow government " in Gaza and rendering the unity government "  helpless . " It also follows the conflict between Hamas and Israel in July and August , in which more than 2,100 Palestinians died . And the enmity is n't just one-way : Hamas-hired government workers in Gaza have accused the Palestinian Authority -- in which Fatah is a dominant player -- of failing to pay them .	Fatah scraps events commemorating Yasser Arafat 's death in 2004 The group blames Hamas for bombing the homes of Fatah leaders The rising tensions come only months after the groups agreed to form unity government
The four remaining GOP candidates played to their individual strengths on Thursday and tried to leave a lasting impression in a final , boisterous debate two days before South Carolina 's pivotal primary . In a campaign cycle where debates have had direct consequences on the ebb and flow of the race , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich turned his contempt for the media into one of his strongest performances yet . When CNN Chief National Correspondent John King opened the debate with a question about open marriage , following an interview by Gingrich 's ex-wife saying that he had sought one , the Republican chastised him . "  To take an ex-wife and make it two days before the primary a significant question in a presidential campaign is as close to despicable as anything I can imagine , " Gingrich told King , the moderator of the debate . Gingrich 's response elicited loud applause from the audience . The debate came at the end of a ground-shaking day that saw former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum being declared winner of the Iowa caucuses more than two weeks after his apparent second-place finish to former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Texas Gov. Rick Perry dropping out of the race and throwing his support to Gingrich . Texas Rep. Ron Paul was the fourth candidate in the debate . iReporters on debate : Fireworks , but little substance An angry Gingrich chastised CNN for starting off with the question about his marriage . Hours before the debate , ABC News and The Washington Post released interviews with Marianne Gingrich in which she alleged Gingrich asked for an "  open marriage " before their divorce . Marianne Gingrich told The Washington Post that a day after her husband told her about his affair with Callista Bisek in May 1999 , the former House speaker delivered a speech titled "  The Demise of American Culture " to a group of Republican women in Pennsylvania . "  How could he ask me for a divorce on Monday and within 48 hours give a speech on family values and talk about how people treat people ? " Marianne Gingrich said in her interview with the Post . Gingrich said the story was false . The three other presidential candidates on the stage passed on the chance to criticize Gingrich over the allegations by his ex-wife . Romney took the steady , cautious route that he has throughout the campaign , responding to his rivals only when attacked . Santorum presented himself as a more conservative option to Romney than Gingrich and as the candidate who could draw an effective contrast in the fall with President Barack Obama . As the debate was going on , Gingrich 's campaign released his tax returns as he had promised to do earlier . Romney was asked if he would follow his father 's lead in releasing 12 years of tax returns . Romney 's father , George , ran for the 1968 Republican presidential nomination . "  Maybe , " Romney said , before highlighting his business experience and his personal success . "  I did n't inherit money from my parents . What I have , I earned . " As he had earlier this week , Santorum said he filed his own returns and they were at home on his computer and he would release them once he returned home . Paul said he had no intention to release his returns , arguing that congressional financial statements are revealing enough . The issue of electability was hotly debated . Earlier this week , Gingrich called for both Perry and Santorum to drop out of the race and support his candidacy because they did n't have the experience for a large undertaking like a presidential campaign . With Perry gone , Santorum was left to respond . "  Grandiosity has never been a problem with Newt Gingrich , " Santorum said , arguing that he 's the steady choice and Republicans should n't pick a nominee who might surprise them . While Gingrich and Santorum debated their records in Washington and specifically who was more responsible for the Republican Revolution of the 1990s , Romney raised his hand to argue it 's time for a Washington outsider . "  We need to send to Washington someone who has not lived in Washington , but someone who 's lived in the real streets of America , " Romney said . Every candidate onstage said they opposed the anti-Internet piracy bill roiling Congress , and criticized the proposal for being too intrusive . However , both Romney and Santorum said they could support a more narrow law that would help protect intellectual property rights online . Displaying the off-the-cuff wit he has used to great effect at a series of GOP debates , Gingrich joked he was none too sympathetic to movie and music producers who pushed for the legislation . "  You 're asking a conservative about the economic interest of Hollywood , " Gingrich said to laughter in the audience . "  And I 'm weighing it , I 'm weighing it . I 'm not rushing in . " Meanwhile Paul touted his libertarian-leaning views , adding he had been an early detractor of the bill . He said as president he would be unique in his ability to work with leaders on both sides of the aisle to protect civil liberties . The former obstetrician and gynecologist forced his way into the conversation on both health care and abortion , two issues he knows a lot about . "  I thought maybe you were prejudiced against doctors and a doctor that practiced medicine in the military or something , " Paul told King after a section where the other three candidates answered a question on whether a full repeal of President Obama 's health care reform was truly possible . After a lengthy debate among the other three candidates over the legitimacy of criticizing Romney 's political conversion from pro-abortion rights to anti-abortion rights , the crowd booed and chanted Paul 's name when King moved on without letting Paul weigh in . "  John , once again , it 's a medical subject and I 'm a doctor , " Paul said . Four polls over the last two days show Romney 's long-held lead in South Carolina nearly evaporating into single digits by the time the four took the stage , while Gingrich has surged into a virtual tie . Gingrich on Thursday grabbed a major endorsement when Perry announced he was backing Gingrich as he suspended his campaign . Santorum 's campaign got a boost on Thursday when the Iowa GOP released the final certified results from its January 3 caucuses , which reversed Romney 's eight-vote victory and instead determined that Santorum had won by 34 votes .	Gingrich replies angrily to first question on ex-wife 's allegations Santorum says Romney , Gingrich played "  footsies with the left " Debate comes at end of one of the wildest days in a volatile campaign Romney has been front-runner but polls say his lead is fading
CNN  -- One of the oldest existing man-made structures , more than 2,000 years old and a world-travel icon that ranks alongside the pyramids of Egypt and Stonehenge -- the Great Wall of China should be on every traveler 's bucket list . To make the most of your visit , take some advice from these dos and do n'ts . DO choose a section of the wall that 's right for you . Most travelers visit one of these sections from their hotel base in Beijing : Juyongguan  closest to Beijing but less interesting than most other sections  ; Badaling  close but crowded  ; Mutianyu  farther away but less crowded and set among gorgeous mountains  ; and Jinshanling and Simatai  farther away still , but perfect for adventurers  . Note : Simatai is currently closed for site improvements . Travel + Leisure : World 's most-visited ancient ruins DO N'T spend less than two or three hours exploring the wall . You 'll need at least that much time to get the true flavor of the centuries-old structure . DO go in the spring or fall , when the weather is fine and the crowds are few . Summertime is often too hot , and winter can be treacherous . DO N'T forget plenty of water , sunscreen and a hat if you visit during the blazing summer . You 'll need it all . Great Wall much longer than previously thought DO consider signing up for a day tour at your hotel 's activities desk . It 's the simplest way to go . Tours cost around $ 30 per person and include mini-bus transportation with an English-speaking guide and driver . DO N'T visit the wall on weekends or holidays , when it is most crowded . Remember , it 's not just foreigners who tour the Great Wall . Chinese love to visit as well on their days off . Travel + Leisure It List : World 's best new hotels DO visit either Badaling or Mutianyu if you have mobility concerns ; they both have aerial cable cars . Mutianyu also has a ski lift , but only Badaling is wheelchair accessible . DO N'T expect clear skies . The awful smog that often afflicts Beijing can spread to the wall itself , lending a dull haze to the surroundings . If possible , do try to visit on a breezy day or after a rainstorm . DO take a ride on the wild , mile-long toboggan track that leads down from the wall at Mutianyu to the village at the base of the wall . DO N'T believe that you can see the wall from space . Apollo astronaut Alan Bean said he tried to spot it , but that no man-made object is visible once you leave the Earth 's orbit . Travel + Leisure : London insider 's guide Have you visited the Great Wall ? Share your tips below .	Avoid visits on weekends and holidays , when the Great Wall is most crowded Consider booking a day tour through your hotel Allot several hours to experience this man-made marvel
In Fad-Free Nutrition , exclusively on CNN.com , the editors of Cooking Light help you digest the latest diet and food news and trends . The recent recall of industrial peanut butter and products that contain it sparked nationwide concern about the safety of eating many popular snack products . That 's understandable , considering the average American consumes 3.3 pounds of peanut butter each year , according to USDA data . Pistachios , pecans , hazelnuts , almonds , and others can be made into tasty spreads and put in recipes . While consuming with caution is always prudent , it 's important not to give up on nuts and peanuts  which are actually legumes  entirely . They offer numerous health benefits and can even help dieters stay on track . Consuming just one ounce of nuts -- of any variety -- up to five times a week in place of other calories consumed is likely to help reduce the risk of heart disease . Although nuts are high in calories , they contain heart-healthy mono - and polyunsaturated fats , and they 're jam-packed with nutrients such as vitamin E , folate , niacin , copper , magnesium , and potassium . Plus , they have some protein and fiber to help keep you feeling satisfied . Learn more about the health benefits of nuts  plus recipes that use them  at CookingLight.com . Tips on smart snacking If you are worried about buying peanut butter based on the recent salmonella scare , try these tasty and nutritious alternative ways to snack safely : 1 . Make your own spread . Although major national brands of jarred peanut butter have not been recalled , it 's a fun and nutritious option to make your own . At certain grocery stores , such as some locations of Whole Foods Market , you can grind peanuts to make fresh peanut butter . In less than one minute , you have a fresh , peanutty spread without preservatives or added sugar . You can also make fresh peanut butter at home ; all you need are plain roasted peanuts and a food processor . Put 3/4 cup plain roasted peanuts in a food processor ; process two minutes or until smooth . See our staff 's tips on making homemade nut butters on our blog , Test Kitchen Secrets . 2 . Get creative . Use fresh peanut butter to upgrade homemade versions of snacks that may have been recalled . For example , spread a teaspoon of peanut butter on a whole-grain cracker instead of purchasing ready-made peanut butter crackers . You might surprise yourself by creating a better-for-you treat , such as our lightened peanut buttery Swag Bars . 3 . Branch out beyond peanut butter . Almond , cashew , macadamia , walnut , and hazelnut butters are unaffected by the recall . They all offer a strong nutrition profile . For example , 2 tablespoons of almond butter  one serving  provide the following : • Almost half your daily needs of the antioxidant vitamin E with 6.5 milligrams • About one-third of a day 's worth of magnesium  97 milligrams  , a mineral that supports muscle function and bone tissue • 243 milligrams of potassium  about five percent of one day 's allotment  , which helps keep your blood pressure levels steady Visit CookingLight.com to learn more about other nutritious nut butters made from cashews , almonds , macadamia nuts , hazelnuts , pecans , pistachios , and walnuts -- including how to make them , and healthful recipes that put them to delicious use . For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Peanut product recall putting a damper on American snacking habits USDA : Average American consumes 3.3 pounds of peanut butter each year Alternatives include snacks made with almond , cashew , macadamia , walnut butters
Washington  CNN  -- Jeb Bush might not be announcing his candidacy for president in 2016 any time soon , but he is sharing his vision of the future with Iowan Republicans . The Des Moines Register reports Tuesday that GOP Iowans recently received mailers from the former Floridian governor that sounded more like a campaign pitch than a donation plea for his social fundraising group , Excellence in Education National . In the four and a half page letter , Bush proposes an economic plan that he believes are the stepping stones to make the country "  the most economically and socially mobile country in the world , " once again . "  I am gravely concerned about the direction of our country , the lack of leadership in Washington , and the economic stagnation we have suffered through for the past six years , " he said in the beginning of his letter . Kristy Campbell , Bush 's spokeswoman , confirmed to CNN that the letter was sent in an effort to raise awareness about the current state of the education system , which should not be interpreted as a political sign . George W. Bush : I think my brother wants to be president "  Gov. Bush raises money for his education work throughout the year and the letter is not related to any decision about his political future , " she said . Campbell said that the governor will consider running and expects to make a decision later this year or in early 2015 . The Des Moines Register said that Iowans had told them that they had never received anything from Bush or his foundation before . However , Campbell said the mailers are being sent across the country , not just to Iowa Republicans . In several bullet points , Bush lists the need for immigration reform , simplifying tax regulations , and other policies , half a page before touching upon the "  failing education system . " While the mailer does ask Iowans to donate for his cause , Bush 's disclosure of his vision for only adds fuel to the rumor mill about whether he will run in 2016 . Jeb Bush back in the spotlight after son 's comments In recent days speculation about a potential bid has increased following several comments made by his family members . On Sunday , both of Bush 's sons hinted that their father is seriously considering running . In an interview with the New York Times , Jeb Bush Jr. said that people and donors are "  getting fired up " about the idea of his father running for president . "  I think it 's more than likely that ... he 'll run . The family will be behind him 100 percent if he decides to do it , " George P. Bush , the governor 's youngest son , told Jon Karl on ABC 's "  This Week . "	Gov. Jeb Bush 's group is behind a mailer sent to Iowa Republican voters The mailer was meant to increase donations for his education fundraising group Speculation has increased this week that Bush is more seriously considering a 2016 presidential bid
CNN  -- The Iowa Army National Guard 's 1st Battalion , 133rd Infantry received an emotional welcome home July 25 -- more than a year and a half after leaving for Iraq . More than 600 soldiers marched on the field at Riverfront Stadium in Waterloo , Iowa , in front of thousands of friends and family members . I-Reporter Myke Goings captures Iowa National Guard soldiers celebrating their return from Iraq . The unit served 17 months in Iraq , as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom , said Master Sgt. Duff McFadden of the Iowa National Guard . Two soldiers were killed in action , both by a roadside bomb , Radio Iowa reported . I-Reporter Myke Goings captured the emotion of family members and soldiers on camera as well as the tributes to the soldiers around town . His wife works with Sara Barnard , who reunited with her husband Tim at the ceremony . "  You could see the excitement of the look on her face as she finally found him in the group , " Goings said . "  To do that with everyone in camouflage was amazing . " E-mail to a friend	More than 600 soldiers returned to Iowa from service in Iraq on July 25 Thousands of friends and relatives welcomed them back at ceremony I-Reporter Myke Goings documented the event
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Explosions and heavy automatic gunfire were heard hours after five well-armed suicide bombers attacked the British Council in the Afghan capital Friday , leaving at least eight people dead , officials said . White smoke billowed from a building in the compound while heavily armed British and Afghan forces cordoned off the area in the center of the capital , establishing a security perimeter around the buildings . The attacks occurred inside a well-guarded Kabul neighborhood , leaving at least 16 people wounded , the Afghan Interior Ministry said . Among the dead was one New Zealand Special Forces service member , officials said . "  I have limited details about the soldier 's death , but I am advised that he died during fighting that followed an attack by insurgents in Kabul in the last few hours , " New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said . "  On behalf of the government , I want to offer my condolences to the family of the soldier . " The strike , which the Taliban have claimed responsibility for , coincides with the 92nd anniversary of Afghan independence from Great Britain . Eyewitnesses : ` Whole house shaking ' In the first attack , a militant drove a vehicle packed with explosives toward the Council 's main security gate before detonating the device , according to Afghan police spokesman Hashamap Stanikzai . A second man then attempted to enter the compound wearing a vest filled with explosives . He also detonated himself , Stanikzai said . Police say two militants were killed in a firefight with security forces . The other three detonated their explosives . Gunfire could be heard throughout the incident , and military helicopters circled overhead . The British Council is a British government-affiliated body that fosters cultural and academic exchanges in Afghanistan . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the attack , as did the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan . "  Initial reports indicate a combination of multiple vehicle-borne and personal-borne  improvised explosive devices  were detonated , " the ISAF statement said . NATO commander Gen. John Allen pledged to hold "  the perpetrators accountable for their actions . " Meanwhile , an embassy spokesman said British government personnel are coordinating with Afghan authorities to secure the area . The strike occurred not far from the Intercontinental Hotel , the scene of another insurgent attack against a high-profile Western target in June . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	NEW : New Zealand premier offers condolences to family of slain service member 16 people were wounded in the attack Police say five militants attacked the British Council
CNN  -- The biggest surprise on a busy night of international football on Wednesday came in Duesseldorf , where Euro 2008 finalists Germany were beaten by Norway for the first time in 73 years . Norway players celebrate Christian Grindheim 's  No. 16  goal in their shock victory over Germany . Midfielder Christian Grindheim scored from close-range , from Morten Gamst Pedersen 's cross , in the 63rd minute to give the visitors a 1-0 victory to stun the 45,000 home supporters on a freezing evening . Not since the 1936 Olympics in Berlin had Germany lost to Norway -- the defeat even more suprising as Germany coach Joachim Loew had the luxury of naming a full-strength side , while new Norway coach Egil Olsen was missing seven key players . In Marseille , Lionel Messi scored a brilliant solo goal to give Argentina a 2-0 win over France and give Diego Maradona a second straight win as national coach . The Barcelona striker collected the ball outside the penalty area and ran right through the home defense before expertly slotting the ball past goalkeeper Steve Mandanda . Newcastle winger Jonas Gutierrez had opened the scoring four minutes before the interval with a shot that went inside Mandanda 's left-hand post . Meanwhile , Jamel Saihi scored a second-half equalizer to give home side Tunisia a 1-1 draw with the Netherlands in Rades . Montpellier star Saihi netted midway through the second-half with a long-range shot that Dutch goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg should have saved . Klaas Jan Huntelaar has given the visitors the lead in the 62nd minute when converting his 11th goal in 19 internationals , after Joris Mathijsen had headed down a long ball from Stijn Schaars . Elsewhere , Arsenal striker Eduardo da Silva returned to action for the first time since breaking his leg 12 months ago -- helping Croatia to a 2-1 victory over Romania in Bucharest . Eduardo , who fractured his left fibula and dislocated his ankle against Birmingham in February 2008 , replaced Ivica Olic in the 61st minute and set up Niko Kranjcar for a 75th-minute winner . Ciprian Marica gave Romania the lead in the 22nd minute but the visitors levelled just six minutes later when Ivan Rakitic scored with a superb long-range free-kick . Unsettled Chelsea striker Didier Drogba scored an injury-time equalizer to give Ivory Coast a 1-1 draw with Turkey in Izmir . Drogba , who has been out of favor for his club side this season , tapped in a cross from the right in the second minute of injury time in his first match for his country in over a year . Gokhan Unal put the European 2008 semifinalists ahead in the 11th minute with a shot into the top right-hand corner of the net . World Cup host nation South Africa 's run of five consecutive victories came to an end when they were beaten 2-0 by Chile in Polokwane .	Germany suffer 1-0 home defeat by Norway in biggest shock on Wednesday Christian Grindheim scores only goal as Norway win for first time in 73 years Lionel Messi on target for Argentina in their 2-0 victory over France in Marseille
CNN  -- A tsunami advisory announced shortly after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck Japan 's Ryukyu Islands early Saturday has been canceled , Japan 's Meteorological Agency reported . There was no tsunami damage "  though there may be slight sea level changes from now on , " it said , referring to the areas affected by the advisory -- the Okinawa Islands , the Amami Islands and the Tokara Islands . The quake was centered 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  deep and struck at 5:31 a.m.  3:31 p.m. ET Friday  about 85 kilometers  53 miles  from Okinawa . The quake was felt on Okinawa , with shaking that lasted about 15 seconds , said Lt. Col. Daniel King of the U.S. Pacific Command . He told CNN that commanders in Japan and Hawaii were trying to get damage and casualty reports from U.S. military stations on Okinawa , but had heard nothing in the immediate aftermath . About 20,000 U.S. troops -- mostly Marines , along with Navy and Air Force personnel -- are stationed on eight bases on Okinawa , he said . Are you there ? Send photos , video iReporter Kristina Donaldson , who lives in central Okinawa , said the quake "  seemed to last longer than other ones we have experienced here . " "  We felt the quake pretty good this morning , " she said , but life there was largely unaffected . "  I just walked down to the coastline and the kids are walking to school as they always do . No sirens , or any destruction from where we are . " Okinawa resident Eric Shepherd said his grandmother-in-law described it as the strongest quake she had felt in her 90 years on the island . "  It felt like some really bad airplane turbulence , " Shepherd said , adding that one of his two children slept through what seemed like a minute-long "  rumble . " "  I had no problem walking to the kids ' room to check on them " during the quake , he said . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan 's Meteorological Agency cancels tsunami advisory NEW : "  There may be slight sea level changes from now on , " agency says Quake centered about 6 miles deep , 53 miles east of Okinawa
CNN  -- New Kids on the Block singer Jonathan Knight left fans confused and concerned Thursday when he walked off stage in the middle of a concert in New York . According to reports , the five-member boy band was performing a mix of their old hits from the late '80s and early '90s , along with music from their new album , "  10 , " when onlookers noticed that Knight seemed out of place . HollywoodLife.com 's Emily Longeretta was in the front row , and wrote on the celebrity website that Knight "  seemed out of it . While the men started their choreographed dances , Jonathan stood uncomfortably in the background -- actually just standing and texting on his phone during the performance . " Billboard.com also reported that Knight seemed "  visibly out of sync . " He did n't join in when NKOTB got fans ' arms waving with the memorable 1989 single "  Hangin ' Tough , " and kept to the back of the stage as the other members worked to entertain the crowd . The other members -- Knight 's brother , Jordan , plus Danny Wood , Joey McIntyre and Donnie Wahlberg -- put their arms around him for support . Yet when Jordan said his brother was going to sing "  Survive You " from "  10 , " Knight made an attempt at the song , and then walked off the stage . The rest of NKOTB went on singing as fans chanted for Knight 's return , but he never came back . The singer has been vocal in the past about his struggle with anxiety , prompting speculation that that 's what he was facing Thursday night . On his Twitter account , Knight appeared to give fans a simple apology , tweeting "  I 'm sorry ... " on Thursday evening . Earlier that day , he posted the hashtag "  I feel naked , " perhaps indicating his state . NKOTB , one of the heartthrob boy bands of the late '80s and early '90s , came off a lengthy hiatus in 2008 , and have issued two albums since then . They 're also slated to go on a tour this summer with 98 Degrees and Boyz II Men , and Jonathan 's performance Thursday had some questioning how many members of the group would make it . But Wahlberg , for one , seemed unruffled . "  To recap , " he tweeted after the New York event . "  Joe was especially dazzling ! Jordan was especially amazing ! Danny was especially solid & Jon was especially shy ! #Allsystemsnormal "	Jonathan Knight walked off stage in New York on Thursday Those in attendance said he seemed out of it during the show After being asked to sing , he left and did n't return Knight later posted an apology on his Twitter account
CNN  -- Football legend Diego Maradona has been officially confirmed as the new coach of the Argentina national side . Maradona will get the chance to test his coaching credentials at the highest level . Julio Grondona , the president of the Argentinian Football Association , made the much-anticipated announcement in Buenos Aires on Tuesday . "  Today is a special day for Argentinian football , " said Grondona . Maradona , 48 , will be assisted by former Argentina coach Carlos Bilardo , who will act as general manager . Maradona 's first match in charge wil be a friendly against Scotland in Glasgow on November 19 . He then faces a tougher task in making sure Argentina qualify for the 2010 World Cup finals from the South American group . "  It 's an honor , " Maradona said . "  It 's a dream come true . I 'm going to give it my all to make sure that things go well . We 're going to work everyday so that Argentina has a national team that keeps getting better and better . " Maradona wasted little time in stamping his authority in his new job , announcing that Liverpool 's Javier Mascherano would replace Javier Zanetti as captain of the Argentina side . "  I want Mascherano to be my captain because I believe he is the Argentinian player who is closest to the idea I have about the Argentinian shirt -- sweat for it , sacrifice for it , being a professional , being close to the teammate , " he said . News of Maradona 's likely appointment broke last week after a meeting with Grondona and in subsequent media interviews it became clear that he was going to take on the job . Maradona told Fox Sports that "  my path is with the national team ... my path is to speak with the players , try to put together a solid group with Carlos . "  I 'll put together the team , I 'll choose the players and I 'm sure Carlos will take care of a ton of other things . "  For me , this only compares to the birth of my two daughters " Dalma and Giannina , " he added . Maradona 's well-publicized off-field antics make him a controversial appointment , despite the hero worship status he enjoys in Argentina after almost singlehandedly leading them to the 1986 World Cup in Mexico . They were beaten four years later by hosts Germany in the 1990 final . Maradona also played in the 1994 World Cup in the United States , but was sent home in disgrace after a positive drugs test . It was a sad end to a glittering career which saw him lead unfashionable Napoli to two Italian League titles . The world transfer record was broken when he joined Barcelona in 1982 and he went on to be regarded as perhaps the greatest footballer who ever played the game . Maradona is best known for his two goals in the 2-1 victory over England in the quarterfinal of the 1986 World Cup . The first was the "  Hand of God " goal when he punched the ball beyond goalkeeper Peter Shilton and the second was a "  Goal of the Century " contender in the shape of a spectacular 60-metre weave through six England players . Critics say he is inexperienced in a coaching role , having failed in brief stints with Argentine teams Deportivo Mandiyú and Racing Club during the mid-90s , but Grondona defended his appointment . "  We have the security of excellence , " he said .	Diego Maradona appointed coach of Argentina 's national team Maradona , 48 , will be assisted by former coach Carlos Bilardo He succeeds Alfio Basile who quit after World Cup qualifying defeat to Chile Maradona appoints Javier Mascherano as captain in place of Javier Zanetti .
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The hallowed grounds of Arlington National Cemetery took on a different tone Monday -- the usually quiet and reverent resting place of fallen heroes was buzzing with volunteers , professional landscapers and their equipment during the annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " project . Monday was the annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " day at Arlington National Cemetery . "  Renewal " was started more than 10 years ago by an Ohio lawn-care group that wanted to give a day of service to the cemetery outside Washington , according to Bill Hildebolt , spokesman for the Professional Landcare Network . "  It 's grown fantastically from a few lawn-care operators to today we had over 400 individual PLANET members , " he said Monday . Each year , volunteers take on several projects during the service day , including spreading lime over nearly 300 acres of the cemetery and installing irrigation systems , Hildebolt said . While the 95 companies participating Monday may normally compete for business in the lawn-care market , during Renewal the crews work together to honor the service members buried at Arlington . "  It 's just a day of remembrance , " said Jeff Dietrich of Pennsylvania-based Joshua Tree , who has been volunteering for four years . A crew of arborists from the Joshua Tree company took on one the most expensive projects -- protecting Arlington 's biggest trees from lightning . According to Dietrich , the process of lightning protection is important for protecting a valuable part of history . Watch how trees are protected " "  Lightning , electricity is unpredictable at best . ... It 'll blow a tree apart . " To protect a tree from lightning strikes , Dietrich and his crew climb up to the top of a tree and run copper wires down the trunk with anchors that resemble rifle cartridges . The wire is then grounded by a copper pole entrenched at the base of the tree . If lightning strikes , the electricity runs down the wire and dissipates into the ground instead of harming the tree . Even though it took the Joshua Tree crew longer to reach Arlington from Pennsylvania than the four hours needed to complete their work , the workers seemed eager for their chance to volunteer , cheering each other on while working and sharing some trade secrets with other crews . "  How many people can say they get to come down to Arlington , especially if they 're not from around here , and climb some of these trees ? " said Deitrich . For Hildebolt , providing a service for the national cemetery is a way to make a national contribution . "  It 's a privilege , " he said . "  It 's a very humbling experience that I 'm very proud of . "	Landscapers volunteer during annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " project 95 companies participated Monday at Arlington National Cemetery Volunteers take on several projects including irrigation , lightning protection
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Teratomas of the brain are very rare and comprise less than 1 per cent of all brain tumors . Teratomas have been the subject of intense fascination among scientists because of their sometimes strange qualities -- some have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and , very rarely , more complex organs such as eyeballs . Thoughts about the origin of these tumors have attracted much debate . CNN spoke with Dr. Thomas L. Ellis , senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University School of Medicine , in North Carolina , United States , about the tumors sometimes known as "  the monsters " . He explained some quick facts : • "  Teratoma " comes from the Greek word "  teraton , " meaning "  monster " . • Teratomas are seen most commonly in children and young adults . • Teratomas are made up of tissue from all three germ layers -- mesoderm , ectoderm , and endoderm -- that occur during the formation of an embryo . • Although teratomas can occur during embryonic development , most arise much later in life . • Teratomas occur most often in the midline of the brain , therefore often obstructing and putting pressure on critical areas of the brain . This can lead to loss of basic functions , but this loss can be temporary -- until the tumor is removed or reduced in size . • Teratomas are commonly very solid and rubbery making them resistant to dissection with standard instruments .	Teratomas of the brain are very rare tumors -- less than 1 % of all brain tumors "  Mature " teratomas sometimes contain highly developed tissues like teeth and hair "  Teratoma " comes from the Greek word "  teraton , " meaning "  monster " .
CNN  -- The names on the formal , state-government-erected memorial signs by the sides of Ohio highways are not famous to the outside world . But once you know the story behind them , you understand completely . You look at those signs and you offer a silent word of thanks . Usually stretches of highways around the country are named for politicians , or for renowned figures from American history , or perhaps for singing stars or athletes or Hollywood actors who were born in the area . For the last several years , though , whenever I 've been in Ohio I have noticed the highway signs with the unfamiliar names . Last week I got in touch with the Ohio Department of Transportation to ask about them . The answer makes you want to pause humbly . On August 31 , 2009 , Marine Lance Cpl. David R. Hall , of Elyria , Ohio , was killed in an explosion while serving in Garmsir , Afghanistan . He was 31 ; he worked at a Ford assembly plant back home before joining the Marines . In most cases of fallen service members , there is a solemn funeral ceremony when their remains are returned home , and a respectful obituary in the local newspaper . It can feel all too fleeting . But in Ohio , in recent years , there has been an effort to do more . Which is why the Ohio General Assembly authorized that a stretch of State Route 2 in Lorain County -- David Hall 's home county -- be named , now and forever , to honor him . "  After the General Assembly votes to name a portion of a highway , we manufacture the signs and put them up at the designated places , " said Steve Faulkner , a spokesman for the Ohio Department of Transportation . He said that two signs are usually erected , each facing a different direction , so that people in cars on either side of the highway will see the honoree 's name . Always , the memorial signs are placed in the service member 's hometown or home county , so that friends and family members are reminded every day that the state and its citizens want to remember and salute him or her . Thus , Army Master Sgt. Shawn T. Hannon 's portion of Interstate 71 runs through Grove City , Ohio . That is where he lived ; he was 44 when , on April 4 , 2012 , he died of wounds caused by an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan . He was a long way from home , but back in Grove City now his old neighbors and buddies see his name and think of him each time they pull onto that part of the interstate . In the United States , there has grown to be a mercenary ritual around so-called naming rights . If there 's a Major League Baseball park , an NBA or NHL arena , or an NFL stadium , corporations line up to bid for the opportunity to plaster their names on it . Airlines , financial services companies , big merchandisers -- all they have to do to get their names on the signs is come up with tens of millions of dollars . But the people with their names on the signs by the sides of Ohio 's highways have paid a much , much higher price , for much less selfish reasons . And they are so deserving of the honor , which ca n't begin to repay the sacrifice they made . The most poignant thing about the placement of the signs is that almost invariably they are next to spans of road upon which the service members , when they were younger , drove their own cars : on the way to movies , on the way to dances , on the way to grab late-night burgers with their best hometown friends . Back then , they never could have imagined that the roads would before long bear their names , or why . But , while most of the rest of us during this last decade enjoyed life , or complained about it , inside America 's borders , they crossed the oceans because their country said that it mattered . They did n't argue the politics of it . They answered the call . Thus , on this Memorial Day weekend , there is a bit of highway near Canton , Ohio , set aside for U.S. Marine Pvt. Heath D. Warner , 19 , who died in combat in Iraq in 2006 ; on State Route 7 in Washington and Monroe counties there is a road for Army 1st Lt. Christopher N. Rutherford , 25 , who died in Iraq in 2007 ; in Tuscarawas County is Army Cpl. Keith V. Nepsa 's road , named for the 22-year-old who died when an IED detonated in Iraq in 2007 ; on State Route 322 in Chesterland is the portion of road for Army Chief Warrant Officer 2 Christopher R. Thibodeau , 28 , who died in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan in 2011 ; on State Route 729 in Clinton County is the road honoring Marine Lance Cpl. William Brett Wightman , 22 , killed in combat in Iraq in 2005 ; near Wilmington , on State Route 73 , is Army Sgt. Steven D. Conover 's road , honoring a hometown young man who was only 21 when he died during an attack in Iraq in 2003 . The Ohio Department of Transportation 's Faulkner told me that , because the authorizations from the General Assembly are sent over at widely spaced intervals , he did not have a readily available number of how many Ohio service members in America 's recent wars have had portions of highways named for them . Reporter Robert Vitale of the Columbus Dispatch calculated that , as of last year , more than 70 Ohioans killed in the line of duty during the past decade had received the honor . Almost certainly there will be more ; almost certainly the last highway sign has not been erected . But summer will be here soon . In Ohio , that is the time when long , leisurely drives along wide roads and narrow strips of blacktop can feel the most enticing . The sun is high in the sky ; the nights are warm and lit by impossibly white stars . For those who left home never to return , those who once knew these highways by heart , the roads are now eternally theirs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : In Ohio , highway signs memorialize soldiers felled in recent wars He says the Ohio General Assembly authorizes the signs ; about 70 erected so far He says the signs for soldier 's named are on highways near their hometowns Greene : Corporations pay millions to be named on signs ; these soldiers paid dearer price
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- The tragic death of a trainer at Sea World last week revived a number of long simmering questions . While we still grapple with "  how did this happen ? " the central question for many revolves around the role of large mammals -- like Tilikum the killer whale -- in zoos and aquariums : Should they be there or not ? Animals in zoos , aquariums and museums play an important and powerful part in our cultural and formal educational processes . Humans are inherently interested in nature . We are not very far removed from a time when being knowledgeable about nature was vital to life ; you either knew how to find your dinner or you were dinner . Today , with well over 50 percent of our populations living in cities , we are rapidly becoming divorced from the realities of the animal world . The dialogue we see in the media , read on blogs and hear in conversation makes it clear that many people have lots of ideas about what 's happening in our natural world , much of it not correct . This lack of knowledge is concerning in a world beset by environmental problems , where species are disappearing at an alarming rate . We need people to understand the changes taking place in our natural systems and appreciate that each of our actions has an impact . More interest and knowledge , not less , is essential . Zoos and aquariums provide access and a vital connection to the world of wildlife and our environment , helping to foster an understanding of nature and how it works , and an appreciation for why it matters . Most professionally operated zoos and aquariums , such as those accredited by the Canadian or American Associations of Zoos and Aquariums , are dedicated to increasing engagement and raising awareness and participation in conservation issues . They conduct active programs that aid species survival , research and conservation , both at their public display facilities and in the field . The Vancouver Aquarium has operated our Marine Mammal Rescue  MMR  program since the mid 1960s . Each year , hundreds of marine mammals are rescued from situations of distress and rehabilitated by our dedicated team of staff and volunteers , led by our veterinarian . Their goal is to return marine mammals to good health so they can be released back to the ocean . The Vancouver Aquarium has not had killer whales on exhibit since 2001 . However , our orca research continues in the field with experts working off the British Columbia coast to observe and study social interaction , behaviors , migrations , and feeding patterns . We do have beluga whales , including two calves born recently . Belugas are ideally suited to an aquarium environment . The calves ' births have allowed researchers to study the social structure of a beluga family , and in collaboration with the University of British Columbia we have conducted beluga vocalization studies since 2002 to understand contact calls and other forms of communication between these beautiful and communicative animals . As our visitors see beluga whales and learn about their communication , natural history and the challenges they face due to climate change in the Arctic , a unique chain is created , moving from initial amazement of observing these creatures to the inspiration to care about them and finally to take action , in large or small ways , to protect their future by conserving their natural environment . We see our role as more important now than ever before . The time of simply displaying animals merely as curiosities is , thankfully , over . Our aquarium , and many others like it , represents often the only -- and the best -- opportunity for urbanites  particularly youth  to establish a connection with the natural world of animals . Sadly , many of us will never experience the joy and wonder of encountering animals in their natural habitat . But can get learn about them up close and personal in a modern and reputable aquarium or zoo . If you have had the good fortune to spend time in such an institution , and have seen the sense of awe and wonder on the faces of youngsters meeting a sea otter , for example , for the first time , you 'll know what this is all about . What 's more , having access to , and learning about , Tilikum and other whales in aquariums and marine parks since such amazing creatures were first displayed in the mid-1960s , has totally changed people 's perceptions about them . Before then , killer whales were feared , termed "  wolves of the sea " , and even had a bounty on their heads in some places ; being able to see them personally helped spark people 's curiosity and interest . The resulting change in public perception was dramatic and swift , leading to their protection by the U.S. government in the 1970s under the Marine Mammal Protection Act . Today , most people revere killer whales and understand a great deal more about the challenges this species faces around the world -- with overfishing depleting their food supply , the impacts of climate change and pollution threatening their environment and their ultimate survival . With so many changes confronting nature and the animals that make it their home , human understanding and appreciation is critical . Animals that people are privileged to see in professional zoos , aquariums and similar institutions are vital to engagement , inspiration and conservation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. John Nightingale .	John Nightingale says death of whale trainer raises questions about displaying captive animals Urbanization make zoos , aquariums vital to education , understanding , he says Such institutions show why preserving environments is important , he says Nightingale : Seeing creatures up close makes people more inclined to conservation
CNN  -- Manchester City manager Robert Mancini has confirmed that the English Premier League side are in negotiations with two Brazilian clubs over a loan move for Robinho . The 26-year-old playmaker joined City from Real Madrid for $ 52 million in September 2008 but has not settled in Manchester and is being linked with Santos and Sao Paulo . Mancini confirmed that Brazil international is in his squad for City 's English League Cup match against Manchester United , but that a deal could be done to help the player move back to his homeland . "  It is possible that something could happen , " Mancini told reporters on the eve of the semifinal second leg clash at Old Trafford . "  This kind of thing does happen . I know in Italy there were instances when clubs paid a lot of money for a fantastic player but afterwards he needed to play at another club . "  Negotiations are happening but for now he is part of my squad . I have five or six strikers to choose from , which makes it difficult for him and me . "  The World Cup in June is a big problem for him . He wants to play for the national team . I understand that but I must decide what is best for the team . " City have also let Slovakian winger Vladimir Weiss join Bolton on loan for the rest of the season while Wanderers boss Owen Coyle has also brought former Houston Dynamo midfielder Stuart Holden to the club . Elsewhere , West Ham are set to sign South Africa international Benni McCarthy after agreeing an undisclosed fee with Blackburn Rovers . Manchester United have completed a deal to sign Fulham defender Chris Smalling , although the player will remain at Craven Cottage until the end of the season and join Alex Ferguson 's side for the start of the 2010/11 campaign . Aston Villa have sold midfielder Craig Gardner to city rivals Birmingham for $ 4.8 million while Wigan are put the final details on a deal to bring in Villarreal forward Marco Ruben . Everton unveiled the signing of Philippe Senderos on loan from Arsenal until the end of the season while Celtic have confirmed the signing of striker Morten Rasmussen from Brondby .	Manchester City manager Robert Mancini has confirmed that the club are in talks with two Brazilian clubs over a loan move for Robinho . Robinho has not settled in Manchester and is being linked with a move to either Santos or Sao Paulo . West Ham are set to sign South Africa international Benni McCarthy after agreeing an undisclosed fee with Blackburn Rovers . Manchester United have completed a deal to sign Fulham defender Chris Smalling at the end of the season .
PAU , France  CNN  -- Take a pen , start with the nib at the bottom left corner of the page . Gently drag the pen diagonally from bottom left to top right and you have a quick and easy graphic representation of the price differential between the standard BMW 3-series and its habañero cousin the M3 coupe over the last four generations  and 20 years  . Quad exhaust pipes and M-badging distinguish the M3 from standard 3-series coupes The car in my hands is , supposedly , a 3-series . You know the 3-series . You may well own one . You almost certainly know someone who owns one . It is the ubiquity of the 3-series that has seen BMW become a more mainstream player  without making an obvious lurch down-market  while the mainstream has made an obvious lurch up-market to plug the gap . Ford 's new Mondeo could n't be clearer in its 3-series aspiration . But this latest M3 has substantially less in common with the vanilla 3-series than I have with a gorilla  98.4 per cent shared DNA  . Eighty per cent of the M3 's body panels are brand new , from the aluminum hood to the composite fenders and carbon-fiber reinforced plastic roof . And let 's get back to that graph . This UK-specification car costs # 50,000  $ 74,000  . With the options as tested  including the gorgeous 19 " alloy wheels , one of which I pranged on a curb while rectifying a going-the-wrong-way-down-a-one-way-street maneuver -- I 'm blaming the co-driver for this navigational error , and so should you  we 're talking close to # 55,000  $ 81,000  . It looks good . It looks purposeful and aggressive and more -- what 's the word -- obvious than its M3 predecessors , with the engorged dome on the hood to accommodate the 4-liter V8 and the Aston-like side air-intakes with integrated side-light repeaters and M3 badging . But it still looks like a pumped-up family car rather than a purpose-built sports car  though it sits between Porsche 's Cayman S and 911 Carrera in price  . It may just be possible to buy one and pretend to one 's spouse that it 's a sensible family car -- providing , that is , that the 22.8 mpg  12.4 liters per 100 km  combined fuel economy  and the regularity of trips to the gas station this necessitates  does n't give the game away . Inside it 's typical BMW -- leather seats that adjust to accommodate any driver  including those such as me who are short of body but long of leg  and a chunky leather steering wheel stitched with the cyan , blue and scarlet colors of BMW 's M division . On the road the M3 is -- simply -- lovely . Over 20 years BMW 's M cars have evolved from homologation specials  road car versions of track racers  to sedate luxury saloons that can transfer themselves into sporting monsters . Some earlier enthusiastic driving from my co-driver made it necessary to drive slowly , in sixth gear , behind the slipstream of a motor home to conserve fuel while on a desperate hunt for a gas station . In some sports cars this would require skill and dedication . Not so in the M3 , it drives however you want to drive . It can pootle as competently as it can hustle . And boy can it hustle . When questioned later that day , a BMW spokesman denied any knowledge of the cars having had their limiters disabled . But I can state that I was passenger in a car that supposedly tops out at 155 mph  200 km/h  at a staggering 176 mph  283 km/h  . The question of whether this delimited limiter is an "  undocumented feature " or a manufacturer 's attempt to woo motoring journalists with a set-up that is n't representative of the sale car , will only be resolved once the first customers take delivery of their new M3s . There is , of course , more to the M3 than flat-out speed on the straight . It 's a car that allows drivers a turn of speed on twisty roads with confidence and sure-footedness . You can take corners faster , without fear of picking gorse from your teeth . Take a corner a little over enthusiastically and there 's a comforting orange light on the dash to tell you that the DSC  dynamic stability control  has kicked in . When the DSC is engaged flatters the abilities of average drivers . Disengaged it allows skillful drivers an awful lot of wheel-spinning sideways action , as I discovered while given a few hectic laps of the Pau-Arnos circuit in the hands of a pro . What 's wrong with it ? In common with the M5 and M6 there 's the frustrating short indicator stalk that ALWAYS clicks three times , even if you try and cancel it  and in an effort of trying to switch the right indicator off you inevitably find yourself signaling left and vice versa  . There seems to be no substantial difference between fifth and six gears . You engage the clutch , throw the lever and -- well , nothing much . But then you really start struggling to find fault . The cup holders do n't have an elegant glide and the driver 's one is n't as accessible as it could be . While the electric thingum that extends telescopically to hand you the seat belt looks cheap . Harsh criticism . Cup holder aficionados and those who demand milled-aluminum electric hand-me-my-belt thingums may have to look elsewhere . Incidentally , BMW do have a name for the electric thingums . I prefer my own . Just as I prefer the term "  paddle shifts " to "  SMG " -- another minor grumble -- paddles shifts would be a welcome option , and one that BMW assured the assembled press would be added as an option in the future . BMW estimates that M3 buyers will be predominantly male and aged 31-50 . They will own a number of high performance cars but use the M3 as their everyday conveyance . In the light of this market research , the most obvious criticism of the new M3 -- its price -- is something of an irrelevance . E-mail to a friend	Fourth generation BMW M3 coupe Power from 420bhp V8 engine Target market 31-50 year old males in multi-automobile households
CNN  -- A British cruise ship avoided a possible pirate attack in the Indian Ocean on Wednesday when the captain to took evasive maneuvers and alerted naval authorities after the ship 's radar detected an approaching small boat . The 350-passenger Spirit of Adventure was traveling some 100 miles off the coast of the east African country of Tanzania -- embarking on a two-week trip from Mauritius to Mombasa , Kenya -- when the boat sped toward the ship , said cruise liner spokesman Paul Green . "  As a precautionary measure  the captain  asked the passengers to go to the main lounge , " Green said . The passengers stayed in the lounge area for approximately 45 minutes while the captain steered the ship to avoid the approaching boat , which at one point came within a few hundred meters , he said . No shots were fired and no attempt to board was made , Green added . Sll cruises traveling in the Indian Ocean provide security briefings for passengers as a matter of policy , he said . Pirate attacks and subsequent ransoms have become a frequent hazard for those traveling off the east African coast , particularly Somalia , which has had no formal central government since 1991 . At least 28 vessels and 654 hostages are currently being held by pirates off the Somali coast , according to a statement from the European Union Naval Force .	A cruise ship avoided a possible pirate attack in the Indian Ocean The ship 's radar detected a small boat and prompted the captain to take evasive maneuvers At least 28 vessels and 654 hostages are currently being held by pirates
CNN  -- Merle Haggard is celebrating his 75th birthday Friday . After he blows out the candles on his cake , he 'll climb aboard his tour bus to begin a cross-country journey from Northern California to Nashville , where he 'll headline a show Wednesday at the Ryman Auditorium . It 's the perfect venue to showcase the country music icon 's latest album , "  Working in Tennessee . " Released last fall , the disc is chock-full of new songs written by Haggard , with a little help from his wife , Theresa , and daughter Jenessa . Son Ben plays guitar and joins his dad and family friend Willie Nelson for a remake of Haggard 's 1969 classic , "  Working Man Blues . " Two more children -- "  from the first litter , " as the entertainer puts it -- are part of Haggard 's road crew . While most 75-year-olds are retired or cutting back on their schedules , the Country Music Hall of Famer shows no signs of slowing down despite hospitalizations in January for double pneumonia , three stomach ulcers , eight polyps in his colon and diverticulitis in his esophagus . In 2008 , he beat lung cancer . Haggard calls himself a walking miracle and credits God for keeping him healthy . He spent his 21st birthday in San Quentin State Prison for attempted robbery . He 'll celebrate this birthday surrounded by family and friends at his home in Palo Cedro , California . For the remainder of April , he 'll travel around the country , playing new songs and old such hits like "  Mama Tried " and "  Okie From Muskogee . " In a rare and unflinching interview with CNN , the man critics have dubbed "  Poet of the Common Man " sounds off on religion , poverty , politics , health and family . "  The thing I hope I have in common with the people out there is honesty , " he says . "  I am not going to lie to the public or to anybody else . I got a pact with myself on that . " CNN : Can we talk about your album "  Working in Tennessee " ? Merle Haggard : I 'm excited about it . There is a lot of interest . And I 'm out here trying to promote it . CNN : You do n't give many interviews . Haggard : Well , they 're worth more when you do 'em . CNN : The album is kind of a family affair . Haggard : It is . Theresa  his wife of 18 years  is involved , and both of the younger children . Benny  19  is playing guitar throughout the album . The family aspect adds some appeal to it . CNN : Ben can sure play the guitar for someone so young . Haggard : His mother knew more about it earlier than I did . She kept telling me that he could play if I would listen . One day he showed up and he knew how to play . I never watched him learn . He plays like an adult . Professional . He 's on thunder . CNN : Is he very much like you ? Haggard : He is much wiser than his father . CNN : You were raising some hell when you were his age . Haggard : Yeah . He hopefully wo n't have to do that . He has left that up to his father , I think . He has really got some words of wisdom every time you listen to him . He 's a fantastic boy . CNN : There 's a song on this album that keeps sticking with me called "  What I Hate . " Haggard : There 's a lot of things I hate . It gave me a chance to vent what irritates me and also to turn around and say what I love . It is an interesting song . I like it best of all on the album . CNN : Tell us the first couple of lines . Haggard :  Sings  "  What I hate is a statesman speaking out of both sides of his mouth . " That 's the first line . CNN : Do you think there 's a lot of that going on ? Haggard : Well , going into this election year , I would bet on it .  Laughs CNN : Have you been keeping track of what 's been going on in the presidential race ? Haggard : I think an ex-convict has got a real good chance . I probably oughta run ! At least all of my past is aboveboard , and they wo n't have to spend a lot of money to run a make on me ! I think Obama will probably win the next race . CNN :  President Barack  Obama has certainly had his share of challenges in his administration . How do you think he 's done so far ? Haggard : I do n't think it makes much difference who the president is . I think there was a big ball rolling before he came into the picture . He kind of did what I do . I did n't do anything . He has n't done anything that I can see that 's made any real difference . I think he is a fine gentleman , and they treated us real well when we were up there at the Kennedy Center  Haggard was a Kennedy Center honoree in 2010  , and I am not going to badmouth him . I think he has the next four years wrapped up . He has done some good . He got Osama bin Laden . That is a real big plus . Now on the home front , it is kind of fiddling while Rome burns . We are in trouble economically . I do n't think we can blame it all on one black man . I think we spent 50 years getting ourselves in trouble , and it may take a long time to get ourselves out of it . It is going to take more years than I got left . CNN : Why do you think things have gotten so contentious ? Haggard : When we left the gold standard , when we left the silver standard , when we started issuing notes and papers and trying to give everybody everything . America has had a helping hand in every part of the world . I think they are bringing those troops home because they ca n't afford it . Look at Germany . They 've had no army to support . Who are all the Europeans going to borrow this money from ? They 're going to Germany . CNN : You 've lived through some tough times . Your family made a home out of a boxcar , and your dad passed away when you were 9 . Haggard : My father was a creative human being . He did n't have much formal education , but he was able to do things with his hands . He built everything inside of that boxcar and made a home out of it . Built a cement step out front and a walkway out to the driveway . It looked just like a regular home . CNN : Did you think you were a poor child growing up ? Haggard : No . I was very well taken care of . We were poor , and when I could realize , I could see how poor we were . We lived paycheck to paycheck , and dad worked for the Santa Fe Railroad . I think he made in excess of 45 cents an hour . Just barely . And he got 10 hours a day . I remember him coming home one day and saying they were going to cut the hours down to nine hours a day , and they were going to pay us the same money . That wo n't work . That was the beginning of the big union influence in America . CNN : When you hit success , what did that mean to you ? Haggard : I am smart enough to know that I have been gifted and have had a better than average shot at everything . I have been blessed many times . I walk a blessed man 's path . I believe in the heavenly Father , and if he is not there , then there is somebody disguising himself and answering my prayers . I am a deeply religious man , and I believe that if you give it half a shot , that he will help you . And he certainly has me . CNN : What are you praying for these days ? Haggard : Peace , harmony , health and the family . I pray for the children , and I pray over the food we eat . You know , our food 's been contaminated . It 's hard to find good water . We pray over that . And we say a prayer every now and then when we 're fixing to make a record . You probably would n't call us religious people if you saw us with a camera . You might not see what we 're doing . Sometimes there is a prayer being mumbled under our breath . That is the way it is if someone had a reality show on us . Might be interesting . CNN : Is it a good time in your life ? Haggard : I am real fortunate . I am going to be 75 , and I am able to walk around . I ai n't got no artificial hips . I got a bunch of false teeth in my mouth . But considering all where I have been with everything , and what I have been through , I am in real good condition . CNN : What are you going to do for your 75th birthday ? Haggard : Take a big breath !  Laughs  What 's it going to be like for the next three-quarters of a century ? It 'd be our luck they may extend the lifespan for another 150 years , you know .	Critics have dubbed Merle Haggard the "  Poet of the Common Man " Haggard , 75 , calls himself a walking miracle and credits God for keeping him healthy Haggard : "  I have been gifted and have had a better than average shot at everything "
Reports that Anders Behring Breivik , the man who killed 77 people in a bomb attack and gun rampage in 2011 , has applied to study political science at the University of Oslo have prompted anger in Norway . The claim was first made by Norwegian broadcaster TV2 and was subsequently picked up by other media outlets . Ole Petter Ottersen , rector of the University of Oslo , told CNN the university does not provide information about individual applications or students for confidentiality reasons , so he was unable to confirm or deny the claim . But if Breivik was to apply , he said , the university has a clear set of guidelines governing the decision on admittance and that policy would apply . Breivik was sentenced to the maximum possible term of 21 years in prison last August for the horrifying attack , which targeted a government building in Oslo and a Labour Party summer youth camp on Utoya island . He is serving his sentence in a high security wing of Ila Prison , where he has space for physical exercise as well as study and reading . But the suggestion that he might also be able to follow a course at the prestigious university from his cell has angered some Norwegians . Per Anders Langerod , a survivor of the Utoya shooting who finished his Political Science degree last year , told TV2 he would not have wanted Breivik in his class . Norway PM : ` Honor dead by celebrating life ' "  It would have been very uncomfortable . I also understand others who think it would have been very uncomfortable . I mean that we ca n't expect people to just accept it , " he told the broadcaster . In the wake of the reports , Norway 's Education Minister Kristin Halvorsen said Wednesday that the ministry was reviewing its rules on allowing inmates to study -- although that did not mean they would necessarily change . Her statement appeared to confirm that Breivik had applied to the university , and that his application had been turned down . "  As far as the Ministry of Education knows he has not been accepted to any studies and he has been rejected in the normal admission process to the University of Oslo , " Halvorsen said of Breivik . Students who meet the admissions criteria will not normally be excluded unless they pose a danger to other students and staff , she said -- an assessment that is made by the correctional service . But in Breivik 's case , even if he was admitted to the course he would not be taking part in the university 's normal classes , studies or exams , she said . "  For an inmate of Anders Behring Breivik 's security level , it would be a matter of self-study in the cell , exams in the cell and possibly oral exams in the prison , " she said . When he was given a 21-year sentence last year , after being judged sane , Breivik was ordered to serve a minimum of 10 years in prison . The sentence could be extended , potentially indefinitely , in the future if he is considered still to pose a threat to society . Meanwhile , comments from his lawyers suggest that Breivik still seeks to voice and validate the extreme ultranationalist views he outlined in an online "  manifesto " published before the July 22 , 2011 , attack and during his trial . A year ago , attorney Tord Jordet told the Norwegian press that Breivik wanted to study political science and write books . And in an interview broadcast Sunday by CNN affiliate TV4 Sweden , Breivik 's chief trial lawyer , Geir Lippestad , confirmed that his client was still seeking to disseminate his racist , far-right views from behind bars . He is not allowed access to the Internet , Lippestad said , but Breivik writes letters and sends them to his supporters . "  They then post them on the Internet so that his opinions are still spread , " he said . Breivik has even unsuccessfully tried to start a political party from his cell , said the lawyer , who has written a book about his experience defending Breivik . "  His political project is not finished , " he said of Breivik . "  He has his extreme right-wing opinions , and is still working to convince others to take up the same opinions . " Lippestad told TV4 he is concerned that the kind of views espoused by Breivik are not being discussed in wider society , allowing them to remain unchallenged . "  In this , Norway has n't made any progress from where we were two years ago , on July 22 . And that worries me , " he said .	Anders Behring Breivik has applied to study political science , Norwegian broadcaster says University of Oslo says it can not confirm or deny details of individual applications Education Minister suggests Breivik 's application was denied Breivik 's lawyer says he is still working to spread his far-right political views from his cell
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- The elderly parents of Elizabeth Smart 's accused kidnapper testified Wednesday that he was a troubled boy who grew increasingly self-absorbed as a man . "  Brian 's a very intelligent person and used that to its full extent in the harassment of the other children and my wife , " said Shirl Mitchell , the defendant 's father . The elderly witness made his way through the courtroom with a walker , apologizing for being some 30 minutes late because his taxi driver dropped him off outside the wrong courthouse . The testimony Wednesday painted a picture of a troubled family history , and a Brian David Mitchell who alienated his parents as a boy and shunned his own children as an adult . Mitchell faces a federal kidnapping charge for abducting Smart in 2002 and holding her for nine months . Smart , now 23 , testified earlier in the week that Mitchell told her she was divinely selected to be his wife , kept her tethered to trees in a mountain camp , and raped her repeatedly during the ordeal . He could face life in prison if convicted . In his opening statement , defense attorney Parker Douglas described his client 's life as mirroring his father 's in many ways , including unusual and fervent religious beliefs , but he noted that Shirl Mitchell was never formally diagnosed with a mental illness . During his testimony Wednesday , the elder Mitchell said his son had been troubled since "  in the womb , " and was conceived under "  unfortunate psychological circumstances for me and my wife . " He was asked whether he had a special connection to his son . "  I did n't have too much connection , maybe that 's the trouble , " he replied . "  He sort of alienated himself , isolated himself , in his own little world , you know . He was n't very responsive to me . " The father also testified about a time when Brian was 9 or 10 , when his father dropped him off in a city park in an effort to teach him a lesson . "  I said , ` Now you 're going to find your way home , and see how it is to be on your own . ' " His son was gone until nightfall , he said . He 'd made money taking photographs for Japanese tourists , and used his earnings to go to a double feature at the movies . "  This is typical of Brian . He 's smart ; ` I 'm going to make them worry about me , I 'll just stay away all day , ' and he did , " his father testified . Irene Mitchell , the defendant 's mother , testified only briefly Wednesday afternoon . She struggled with many questions , saying she 's in the process of losing her memory . "  I remember my son as a little boy , " she said , "  and what he is now is not the same person . " She said his behavior toward her became so frightening that she obtained a protective order . During cross examination , she was asked to read from a letter from her son during the time his appearance changed . "  My hair and beard are part of a new act . Sorry I ca n't be a sweet-looking boy all the time , " the letter reads . A sister of Mitchell 's , Kayleen Hill , testified that her brother appeared to blame his own children for his lack of accomplishment , and told her they were undeserving of his love . Mitchell eventually put the children from his first marriage , Travis and Angela , up for adoption , while preventing his own family members from adopting or having contact with them , according to testimony Wednesday . Hill said she 'd been encouraged for a time when her brother became active in the Church of Latter-day Saints and appeared to live a healthier lifestyle than he had before . While married to Wanda Barzee , however , he once again began to isolate himself from the family and became increasingly narcissistic . "  Once he started doing his wanderings with Wanda , especially , he became very distant , " she said . "  He would kind of be looking down on other people . He felt that he had a special connection with God . " Prosecutors have held that Mitchell is not sincere in his professed religious beliefs , and is a masterful manipulator . Defense attorneys so far have called 10 witnesses over two days , including Mitchell 's parents , two of his sisters and several friends . They hope to show that Mitchell was so mentally ill when he snatched the Salt Lake City teen that he did not know that what he was doing was wrong . Their case could include testimony by Mitchell himself , as well as his wife , Barzee , who is serving up to 15 years in prison as part of a plea deal with prosecutors that hinges on her willingness to testify against Mitchell . Barzee was not called to the stand in the government 's case , but appears on the defense 's witness list .	Brian David Mitchell was a troubled child who grew distant from family , his father testifies His sister says Mitchell gave up his children but blocked his family from adopting them Defense attorney describes Mitchell 's life as mirroring his father 's in many ways Mitchell could face life in prison if convicted in Elizabeth Smart 's kidnapping
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The Chinese public , especially those in the social networking community , are abuzz over the case of a man charged with killing a girl in a hit-and-run : He is the son of a local deputy police chief . Li Qiming , 23 , is accused of "  perpetration of traffic accident , " a charge punishable by three to seven years in prison . During the two-and-a-half hour trial Wednesday in the northern city of Baoding , Li admitted causing the death of Chen Xiaofeng , 20 , according to Chinese media reports . It 's more than just a tragic traffic accident . "  There is a lot of popular anger about ` guan er dai , ' the children of officials who sometimes literally get away with murder , " says Jeremy Goldkorn , founding editor-in-chief of Danwei , a China media website . He said the online uproar is focused on "  how likely it is that Li Qiming will get away with a light sentence , and whether blood money will secure his freedom . " Official media have reported that Li was drunk when he ran over two female students on the Hebei University campus , killing Chen and injuring fellow student Zhang Jingjing . Li allegedly tried to speed away from the scene . It was also reported that , when students and campus security guards stopped him , he shouted at the guards , "  My daddy is Li Gang " -- referring to a local deputy police chief . When indignant Chinese Internet users got wind of the story , they blogged and reposted it widely . Before long , "  My-daddy-is-Li-Gang " went viral . "  It spread on the Internet -- on blogs , forum websites and the Twitter-like microblog service Weibo , " recalls Goldkorn , a long-time observer of China 's social networking sites . "  The public expressed outrage on the Internet , and the traditional news media and the government reacted to the Internet coverage of the event . " Despite the government 's efforts to contain the fallout , the incident drew widespread criticism among China 's estimated 420 million Internet users . "  My daddy is Li Gang " became one of the top search items on most popular Chinese search engines , a viral catchphrase synonymous to abuse of power . Some composed sarcastic poems and songs . Others parodied the father-son duo in videos posted in cyberspace . The case became a cause célèbre among Internet users who viewed it as an example of official abuse . It also put the spotlight on the growing gap between the rich and the poor . Chen Lin , the victim 's 23-year-old brother , complained : "  In society they say everyone is equal , but in every corner there is inequality . How can you live in this country and this society without any worry ? I feel like there should be deep reflection on this . This is the reality . " Beijing resident Yang Ning , a white-collar worker , agrees . "  The case is symbolic , " he tells me . "  In China it 's all about who your father is . Without a good father , you already lose at the starting line . Without a good father , you have to work 10 times harder than those born with good fathers . " The Chinese authorities have tried to assuage the public ire . Days after the accident , the China Central Television showed Li under police detention , profusely apologizing and expressing remorse . His father Li Gang also appeared in a nationally broadcast TV interview , breaking down and bowing deeply to apologize to the victim 's family . "  As for my child 's education , as a father I failed , " he cried . "  I am very sad , very guilty , very ashamed . " He promised not to shield his son from the law . In November , according to Chinese media reports , Li Gang reached a civil settlement with the victim 's families , agreeing to pay 460,000 yuan  US$ 67,700  in restitution for the Chen family and 92,000 yuan  US$ 14,000  to Zhang 's family . He did not attend Wednesday 's court hearing . The victim 's brother Chen Lin attended . "  My family and I want justice , " he was quoted by the Chinese media as saying . The state prosecutor asked for a three-to-seven year prison sentence for Li , according to the Xinhua News Agency , while the defendant 's lawyer called for leniency , noting that he has expressed remorse and compensated the victims ' families . It is not known how soon the court will render its sentence . Years ago , incidents like this would have been non-events . Victims would have been intimidated and forgotten . Not this time . "  This is another landmark example of the Internet playing a significant role in curbing official abuses , " says Goldkorn of Danwei . With the Internet and social network sites at the disposal of millions of ordinary citizens , abusive officials and their children are now getting caught in the act more and more often . "  There have been enough similar cases over the last few years that -- according to Chinese media reports -- some government officials have now acquired ` Internet phobia , ' " observes Goldkorn . "  They fear of having their wrongdoings exposed by angry netizens . " But Beijing resident Yang Ning is enthused : "  I raise my hand and shout : Long live the Internet ! "	Goldkorn : Web uproar focused on whether Li will get light sentence or freedom Li was reported to be drunk after running over two female students One died , another was injured Li reportedly shouted , "  My daddy is Li Gang , " a local deputy police chief
CNN  -- Lionel Messi grabbed a brilliant hat-trick as Barcelona routed Tenerife 5-0 on Sunday to maintain their two-point advantage at the top in the Spain 's La Liga over arch rivals Real Madrid . Barca , who went into the late kickoff temporarily trailing Real , who had won 2-0 at home to Real Mallorca , made a slow start and might have been behind . Alejandro Alfaro had three good chances to put the hosts ahead but the Tenerife striker hit the crossbar on was denied twice by goalkeeper Victor Valdes . They were made to pay as World Player of the Year Messi scored the opener in the 36th minute after getting a pass from Bojan Krkic inside the area . Messi 's free kick saw Carles Puyol head home the second in the 44th minute and on the stroke of halftime a move involving Andres Iniesta and Krkic set up Messi for the simplest of third goals . The Argentina international notched his 12th league goal of the season and his hat-trick with an impudent cruling chip over goalkeeper Sergio Aragoneses into the top corner . Ezequiel Luna completed the rout with an own-goal in the 85th under pressure from Pedro to leave Barcelona with 43 points from 17 matches . Real Madrid were totally dominant against a Mallorca side who had exceeded expectations to occupy fourth place in the Primera Liga going into the match . With freezing weather affecting the bulk of Europe , the match was played wintry conditions , with a snow being seen at a match in the Bernabeu for the first time in 30 years . But Real put on a performance to warm their fans huddled in the giant stadium , with Gonazalo Higuain putting them ahead with a stunning eighth minute strike as he cut inside to fire past Dudu Aoarte . The home side should have increased their advantage just before the break as Cristiano Ronaldo shot wide from an excellent position after a flowing home move . Higuain crossed for Esteban Granero to score Real 's second on 50 minutes as he volleyed past Aoarte . Granero should have notched a clinching third soon afterwards as his fierce shot from a Kaka cutback was brilliantly turned away by Aoarte . Brazil star Kaka lasted just over an hour after an injury layoff before being replaced by Karim Benzema . Earlier , Valencia strengthened their grip on third place behind the big two with a 3-1 win at bottom club Xerez . The home team , who have just seven points after 17 rounds , looked set to spring a surprise when Carlos Calvo equalized Juan Mata 's opener . But Valencia re-established their command with a goal from Spanish international star David Silva and a fine individual strike from Carlos Marchena sealed three points . Deportivo maintained their bid for a Champions League slot with a 1-0 win over Osasuna to go fourth . Juan Rodriguez scored the only goal of the game as he met Andres Guardado 's cross in the 50th minute . Osasuna were down to 10 men when midfielder Javad Nekounam was red carded in the 67th minute . In the relegation battle , Malaga stretched their unbeaten run to 10 matches in all competitions but were held to a 1-1 draw by Athletic Bilbao . Fernando Llorente denied Malaga a deserved three points with a late penalty for Bilbao to earn a share of the spoil after Weligton 's opening goal at the start of the second half .	Lionel Messi scores a hat-trick in Barcelona 's 5-0 win over Tenerife Emphatic victory keeps Barca two points clear of arch-rivals Real Madrid Real beat Real Mallorca 2-0 in earlier game with Gonzalo Higiuan and Esteban Granero scoring A match at the Bernabeu is played in snow for the first time in 30 years
Monza , Italy  CNN  -- Has Lewis Hamilton 's luck finally turned at the 13th race of the season ? The Formula One title contender beat rival Nico Rosberg to the checkered flag at the Italian Grand Prix . The dueling Mercedes teammates came to Italy bruised and bowed after a bust-up in Belgium . Rosberg had apologized to Hamilton for effectively putting him out of the race in Spa and the team made it clear under no circumstances would they tolerate another clash between its two cars . But on Monza 's high-speed circuit , the German championship leader knocked himself out of contention . On lap 29 , and with Hamilton looming large in his mirrors , Rosberg misjudged his braking at the first chicane -- for the second time in the race -- and Hamilton sailed past to inherit the lead . The passionate crowd roared with delight and Hamilton cruised to his sixth win of the season . "  I had the pace on everyone and on Nico and I felt that way all weekend , " Hamilton told reporters . McLaren 's 2008 champion is now 22 points behind Rosberg , who is chasing his first world title , with six races left to run . The final race in Abu Dhabi offers double points for the first time . Rosberg booed Despite his misfortune during the race , Rosberg was booed on the podium just as he was in Spa . "  It 's obviously not nice but what can I say ? " the 29-year-old said . "  I hope that with time they forgive and forget . I have apologized , I ca n't really do anything more than that . " There was a sweet third place for Felipe Massa , who celebrated in front of Ferrari 's famous tifosi . The Brazilian , who raced in Ferrari colors for eight years , claimed his first podium since joining Williams with a controlled race . "  I 'm so happy to be on the podium here , " said Massa , who was confirmed as a Williams ' driver for 2015 on Sunday along with teammate Valtteri Bottas . "  There 's a lot more to come . " Mental toughness There was a feeling before race day that the Italian Grand Prix would be a battle of mental strength as well as engine might . Whether it was brake failure , engine fires or a puncture meted out by his Mercedes teammate , fate has been a fickle friend to Hamilton . The British racer mastered the mind games in Monza . Hamilton fought back after a technical problem with his start procedure dropped him back from pole position to fourth on the opening lap . When the team advised him to maintain a two-second gap to leader Rosberg and save his tyres for a fight at the end of the race , Hamilton had other ideas . "  I knew that was n't the way forward , so I chose another route , " he explained . Hamilton immediately set about cutting into his teammate 's lead and his looming presence was a contributing factor in Rosberg 's error . "  Lewis was quick , coming from behind , " the German said . "  I needed to up my pace and then as a result I just went into the mistake . "  That was very bad and lost me the lead . " When asked by CNN if he had proved he had the mental toughness to win the title , he answered : "  I came here to do a job and I did it . " He added : "  I came here with a positive attitude . All those experiences I 've had have prepared me for it today . "  I 'm quite grateful that I did n't lose it , did n't end up crashing in the first corner , I did n't end up touching anyone . "  I managed to keep my composure . -LSB- But -RSB- I 'm still looking for one of those weekends where we do n't have any troubles . " Significant victory ? If victory boosted Hamilton 's reserves in the mental warfare between the Mercedes rival , then Rosberg 's confidence may have been dented by his own mistakes . Whatever the internal mental machinations , Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff is still expecting the fight to the title to remain a close battle between his two racers . "  You need extreme mental strength to make it until the end and win the championship , " he said . "  I 'm impressed with Lewis as he 's had some dreadful weekends and he has always come back with a smile to the next race . "  I think mentally Nico is very strong and if you want to be a world champion you have to go through lows and highs . "  Lewis has had many of them and he came back and we 've seen Nico after Silverstone came back . "  I think both of them have it in them to bounce back after bad weekends . "	Lewis Hamilton wins Italy GP British driver beat team rival Rosberg into second Tensions between the two dominated build up Felipe Massa finished third
CNN  -- Tiger Woods fired Nike to the forefront of the golfing world -- now he could be clubbed away to make room for the new kid on the block . Rory McIlroy 's announcement that he will not renew his contract with Titleist and FootJoy parent company Acushnet has accelerated speculation that the Northern Irishman will join Woods at Nike . While Nike has not yet confirmed a move for the 23-year-old , it is expected that the world No. 1 will make the switch in a deal which will net him up to an estimated $ 20 million a year . Scott : ` McIlroy can dominate like Tiger ' In a statement , McIlroy said : "  I would like to thank Wally Uihlein and all of the tour staff and employees at Titleist and FootJoy for everything they have done for me since I turned professional in 2007 . "  I have enjoyed five very exciting and successful years with the company and I will always appreciate the contribution Titleist has made in helping me become the player I am today . " McIlroy beats Woods in chaotic ` Duel of Jinsha Lake ' McIlroy moved to the top of the rankings earlier this year , finishing top of the PGA Tour money list after winning his second major title , and he leads the European Tour 's Race To Dubai standings -- all of which has enhanced his reputation as one of the most desirable brands in the sport . "  We wish Rory all the best , " said Acushnet CEO Wally Uihlein . "  He has been a great ambassador . " McIlroy 's success and lifestyle have made him a firm favorite with golf fans , while his burgeoning romance with tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki has also boosted his profile . But Woods , who joined Nike after turning professional in 1996 , propelled the company onto the world stage by taking the sport to a new level . The 14-time major champion now faces a struggle to hang on to his status as Nike 's No. 1 client , as McIlroy 's success shows no signs of abating . McIlroy and Woods have built up a friendship in recent months , playing a much-hyped 18-hole exhibition match in China on Monday . McIlroy even managed to snatch one of Woods ' Nike clubs and take a few practice swings , which did nothing to dampen the speculation . Woods , McIlroy ` too tired ' for $ 7M Chinese tournament Meanwhile , both men were criticized for their decision not to play this week 's HSBC Champions event in China . Seven of the world 's top 10 players will be competing for the $ 1.2 million top prize but the absence of the leading duo has left the sponsors irate . "  I 'm very realistic , " Giles Morgan , the Global Head of Sponsorship and Events for HSBC told the UK Press Association . "  These type of promotional TV events happen and have a benefit for the sport -- the more publicity the better . But what used to happen was that the players would make their schedules around big events and fit in what they could outside them . "  That type of thing is fine , but these are the real test of golf . Outside of America and the UK this is the biggest event of them all . "  What makes this compelling is the strength of the field and it almost feels like they are missing out . This is the flagship event in Asia . "  These guys make their own decisions , but this feels bigger than it ever has before and there will be a great winner . "	Rory McIlroy announces he will not sign new deal with Titleist Northern Irishman expected to sign $ 20 million-a-year deal The 23-year-old looks set to become new face of Nike Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy in hot water with golf sponsors
CNN  -- One of the most debilitating medical conditions in sub-Saharan Africa is n't fatal . In fact , it 's easily curable . The culprit is small , but its impact is big . The chigoe flea , more commonly known as a jigger , typically burrows itself into the feet and hands . It prevents millions of children from attending school , stops farmers from working their land , and makes walking all but unbearable . Kenyan businessman Stanley Kamau had jiggers as a kid , and he remembers how he was stigmatized by his classmates , for in his school , the parasite singled you out as poor . "  I almost dropped out of primary school because of the effects , because I could not stand the way my classmates laughed at me and used to harass me . They would step on me , and I did n't have shoes , " he recalls . Luckily , Kamau 's family owned cattle , and had a cattle dip -- a bath filled with insecticide -- which they used to treat the cows . Kamau cured himself by dipping his hands and feet in the water . He was able to continue his studies , and went on to attend university in India . After successfully launching a number of businesses , Kamau returned to his home village in Murang ` a , where he decided to give back to his community . At first , he simply donated food and clothes , but soon he realized the adverse effect jiggers was having on his fellow villagers . "  I was shocked when I visited some of the homes and saw that some kids had never gone to school , that men and women were n't going to their farms . They were disabled because of the jigger menace . " Kamau set up the Ahadi Kenya Trust , which treats victims of jiggers throughout Kenya . Originally , the trust signed up four families . Today , 2.6 million Kenyans are registered with the group . The banana solution Kamau saw how jiggers entrenches families deeper into poverty . As a solution , he set up a banana farm on a stretch of land donated by his aunt . Jigger survivors can join the farm , and are given free materials , from seeds to fertilizer , to enrich their land back home . "  Every member has to duplicate what we are doing on their own particular farm , " he says . "  We provide them with seedlings to plant in the communal farm , and give them seedlings to plant in their own individual farm ... it 's like a learning center where every member of the community can learn more on how to do bananas . " Kamau has expanded the entrepreneurial side of his trust to include chicken and rabbit farming , as well as bee keeping . The rural ambulance In his attempt to eradicate jiggers from his home country , Kamau realized how difficult it can be for many living in rural communities to seek medical attention . He heard stories of people brought to hospitals in sacks and wheelbarrows . He even heard about a boy who broke his back in a motorcycle accident while he was being transported to a medical facility for a fractured arm . "  The fact is , most people who live at the bottom of poverty do n't have mobile phones , they do n't have radios or TV sets , they have no channel of communication . They might not even know what kind of a dispensary or hospital is near them , " he notes . It was then that he developed the ambulance Mashinani -- or village ambulance . It 's basically a detachable bed -- complete with a medical and maternity kit -- that hooks onto a motorbike . "  You can have a hospital , but are people able to visit ? Are they able to walk ? Are they able to call ? Are they able to even have information on those types of facilities ? Let 's not have a very beautiful hospital where people are not able to get access . "	Jiggers is a debilitating foot parasite It prevents millions of children from attending school Kenyan businessman Stanley Kamau had jiggers , and is working to fight it
U.S. President Obama opened his appearance at the G20 summit of world leaders in Australia with a speech that had to make Beijing think . He also took a shot at Russian President Vladimir Putin in his speech and later , after a Sunday meeting , Obama and the leaders of Japan and Australia made a point of criticizing Russia 's annexation of Crimea and called for the prosecution of those responsible for the downing of Flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine . The United States is a big part of the power balance in Asia and plans to throw more of its weight onto the scale , the president told a crowd at the University of Queensland in Brisbane on Saturday . "  We will continue to deepen our engagement using every element of American power -- diplomacy , military , economic , development , the power of our values and ideals , " he said . And the United States will band together with nations in the region . It will work toward giving them more heft -- so that big nations do not "  bully the small , " Obama said . That has been a common phrase used in reference to territorial disputes between China and other southeast Asian nations . China 's relations with Vietnam and the Philippines have soured over maritime tensions . But China 's bitterest dispute has been with Japan . Military boats and planes have hummed around small , uninhabited islands that both countries lay claim to , heating up rhetoric and defense posturing between Tokyo and Beijing . In many of the disputes , access to underwater oil has been at stake . Calling out China ASEAN stands for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , and it is made up of 10 smaller Southeast Asian nations , most of them developing economies . China , Japan and South Korea are not members . Obama singled out China , saying it would have to play by the same rules as its neighbors . "  We 'll support ASEAN 's effort to reach a code of conduct with China that reinforces international law in the South China Sea , " he said . And the United States will reinforce its diplomacy with a balance of military might . "  By the end this decade , a majority of our navy and air force fleets will be based out of the Pacific , because the United States is and always will be a Pacific power , " Obama said . Washington plans to share oceangoing prowess with other countries , to find common ground in military interests with Vietnam and beef up its maritime capabilities . And Obama would like to see another large nation in the region step up as well . "  We support a greater role in the Asia-Pacific for India , which is the world 's largest democracy , " he said . "  Together , we can improve maritime security , upholding the freedom of navigation , and encouraging territorial disputes are resolved peacefully . " He also pledged to help make partners economically competitive and avoid development laden with pollution . The president repeated that the United States was contributing $ 3 billion to the Green Climate Fund to help poorer nations meet climate goals . He also had a message for China . "  The United States welcomes the continued rise of a China that is peaceful and prosperous and stable and that plays a responsible role in world affairs , " he said . Criticizing Russia The metaphor of big nations bullying the small has also been applied to Russia 's annexation of Crimea and its involvement in the armed conflict in eastern Ukraine . As a result , the Group of Eight nations booted Russia from its ranks . Putin received a frosty reception when he touched down for the Group of Twenty summit , though he did interact with several Western leaders on the event 's first full day . That includes meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron , French President Francois Hollande and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , according to the Kremlin . This comes against the backdrop of Moscow 's actions in Ukraine and elsewhere , responding to international criticism and sanctions not by backing down but instead by threatening to flex its military might . Case in point : Russia Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu 's announcement Wednesday that his country plans to send long-range bombers to the Gulf of Mexico . That has raised Washington 's hackles , which says no present security concerns warrant such maneuvers . Obama , who focused almost solely on Asia , also threw out a new line of criticism to Moscow in his speech , saying the United States was leading the efforts "  opposing Russia 's aggression against Ukraine , which is a threat to the world , which we saw in the appalling shoot-down of MH17 . " The joint press release issued Sunday after the Australia-Japan-United States Trilateral Leaders also took note of the Crimean annexation and MH17 . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has taken Putin to task over the downing of the plane over Ukraine 's pro-Russian breakaway region bordering on Russia , saying Moscow owns some of the responsibility . In the leadup to the G20 , Moscow deployed four naval warships near Australia , semiofficial Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . One of the ships , the Varyag , was once named "  Red Ukraine . " The agency said it was not uncommon for Russian warships to accompany the country 's leaders on foreign trips .	Obama and leaders of Japan , Australia criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin meets with the leaders of Britain , France , Italy Washington plans to shift naval and air force power to the Pacific , Obama says President wants to beef up Asian nations to avoid "  bullying " by big nations
CNN  -- On a clear dry day , driving 55 mph , it takes long-haul trucker Camille Pask the length of three football fields to stop her fully loaded rig . "  Just because we have more wheels does n't mean we can stop faster , " said Pask , whose truck can weigh as much as 80,000 pounds when packed . This is the busy season for Pask , who will be working through the Thanksgiving holiday to deliver goods for the Christmas shopping season . It 's also the busiest travel period of the year for Americans , when travel veterans and amateurs converge en route to turkey dinners -- or just another day on the job . About 43.6 million people are expected to travel at least 50 miles from home between November 21 and November 25 for the holiday , an increase of 0.7 % over last year . More Americans expected to hit the road for Thanksgiving Everyone wants a safe , happy holiday , so we asked workers on the front lines of the Thanksgiving crush for their hard-earned tips for smooth travels . As Thursday rolls closer and the roads get more crowded with impatient drivers , Pask would like them to stay clear of larger trucks . Knowing that 80,000 pounds is barreling along in the lane beside you , why would you ever cut off a semi ? Another tip : If you ca n't see her mirrors , she ca n't see you . And she ca n't ever see any cars that ride in tandem with her on the right side . "  That 's one of our major blind spots for small vehicles passing us on the right , " she said . "  It 's a really dangerous spot to be . " Semi-truck driver rolls out big rig cuisine Leave enough time for traffic jams With about 39 million drivers hitting the road this holiday , travelers need to leave enough time for unexpected delays . A minor traffic accident can back up traffic for hours on some of the nation 's highways . During the holidays , "  there are an awful lot of accidents , " said Fran Ehret , a toll collector on the New Jersey Turnpike for 26 years and now president of the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers Local 194 , which represents the turnpike toll collectors . Eatocracy : Sort out your Thanksgiving menu here "  Leave enough time to get where you 're going so you 're not having to drive too fast , " she said . If you do n't regularly use toll booths and do n't have an electronic pass to pay the toll , pay close attention to the signs directing drivers to cashier-staffed booths . "  You do n't want to pull into an E-ZPass lane if you 're paying cash , " said Ehret . You could cause traffic delays , and "  you 'll get a bill with a fee attached to it . " And please do n't yell or curse out your toll collector or your fellow drivers because traffic is heavy or lanes are merging into the toll plaza . Pay your toll and drive on ! "  People 's personalities change when they get behind the wheel of their cars . You meet them in their personal lives and they would n't act like that , " Ehret said . Research air travel security rules There is no getting around it : All 3 million travelers flying to their destinations during the Thanksgiving holiday will have to pass through Transportation Security Administration checkpoints . Some of them will be traveling with food for the feast . The TSA has posted special guidance online for travelers toting culinary creations . More air travel means more airplane maintenance TSA officers Jackie Fitzpatrick and Charles Link promise they do n't want to take away your pies . Really . "  We know there 's pressure to make that plane or you 're traveling with family or bringing special foods you do n't want to get squished , " said Fitzpatrick . "  It 's all about the pies at the holidays , " added Link . "  Apple , coconut . Testing will be done , but  pies  are allowed . " Fitzpatrick and Link , who supervise security checkpoints at New York City 's LaGuardia Airport , are going Italian on Thanksgiving Day and will be making pasta salad and baked ziti , respectively , for staff potlucks . For travelers working their way toward a friend or family 's table with a tasty contribution , just do a little advance research at the TSA website to know what you can bring and how much you can bring . In the case of your specially made foods , they might need a little extra security , and they ca n't violate the agency 's 3-ounce liquid rules . The agency also has a mobile app that provides information on checkpoint wait times , prohibited items and airport status . Video games fall under the laptop rule and must be placed in a separate bin as they go through security machines . And snow globes ca n't be larger than a tennis ball . If you 're getting a head start on Christmas , do n't wrap presents beforehand . The TSA may have to unwrap gifts , which could be sad if your child sees the light saber that Santa is bringing him . And no toy guns or weapons , please . They wo n't be allowed to pass through security . It does n't matter that they 're not real weapons . Security officials wo n't allow anything weapon-like because it might scare your fellow passengers or the crew . People with medical issues should call TSA Cares  855-787-2227  before they travel to see if they need to take any extra steps or if they qualify for extra assistance to clear security . What 's your commute 's toll on your health ? Do n't overpack Southwest Airlines flight attendant Barb Pool can spot the travelers who have overpacked and rushed to get to the airport in time . Pool advises travelers to pack in advance , check as much baggage as possible , research TSA rules about what you can bring , and leave behind contingency supplies that will be available at your destination .  Southwest allows two free checked bags , JetBlue allows one , and some airlines let frequent fliers and airline credit card holders check a bag for free . "  Do whatever it takes to not stress , " said Pool , who often celebrates the holidays in advance with her family . "  People get on a plane and are stuck for so many hours . It 's not a fun journey if you 're stressed . " Pool tends to find joy in many of her flights , whether it 's holding a baby as nervous parents stow their bags , talking to military personnel heading home on leave , or helping people with disabilities get settled . "  Most of the time they 're preoccupied , but every once in a while they 'll offer to take you home for Thanksgiving , " she said . "  Elderly people especially realize you 're not going to be with your family . " She also knows that something larger might be stressing out her customers . "  Everyone 's not always traveling for happy events , " she said . "  They might be fighting tears . It could be their first year without a spouse or they 're going to a funeral . Everyone 's not going to Grandma 's for dinner . I try to be extra sensitive to it . "	More than 43 million Americans are expected to travel over the holiday , 39 million by car Long-haul truck driver cautions drivers about cutting it close with big rigs TSA agents , flight attendant urge travelers to research the rules ahead of time
U.S. military and intelligence agencies pushed doctors working in military detention centers to violate medical ethics by taking part in the mistreatment of prisoners by interrogators , medical and legal experts conclude in a new report . A report issued Monday by Columbia University 's Institute on Medicine as a Profession and the Open Society Foundations called on the Defense Department and CIA to follow international medical standards on the treatment of detainees . Though the worst violations cited in the report occurred before 2006 , the ongoing force-feeding of hunger strikers at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay remains in conflict with those standards , said Dr. Gerald Thomson , one of the report 's authors . In the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , when U.S. forces began to capture suspected operatives of the al Qaeda terrorist network , American military doctors were told "  this was an emergency situation , and national security as at stake , " Thomson said . The result was that doctors ended up advising interrogators who were devising and implementing the degrading , inhumane treatment of those captives -- practices now widely seen as having crossed the line into torture -- in "  clear conflict " with their professional principles , the report concludes . Court blocks release of CIA interrogation methods "  The behaviors of the physicians and psychiatrists were dictated by changes in regulations and changes in the understanding of ethical principles that were transmitted by the Department of Defense , " said Thomson , a Columbia medical professor emeritus . "  They undermined and distorted the physicians ' understandings of the ethical principles in dealing with detainees . " More than 100 detainees died in U.S. custody between 2002 and 2005 , with 43 of those deaths classified as homicides . The document , titled "  Ethics Abandoned : Medical Professionalism and Detainee Abuse in the War on Terror , " was the product of three years of study of public records by a 20-member task force . It found the Pentagon excused ethical violations such as the use of medical information in interrogations and the participation of doctors -- sworn to do no harm -- who were characterized as "  safety officers . " The task force called for a full investigation of the post-9 / 11 practices , including medical examinations of detainees , reviews of interrogation logs and documents on the treatment and condition of inmates . Thomson said the number of physicians believed to have been involved was "  probably dozens , maybe less than that . " But to involve doctors in the abuse of prisoners violates "  a covenant , if you will , between the medical profession and society , " he said . Army Lt. Col. Todd Breasseale , a Pentagon spokesman , said Monday that the report 's allegations are n't new , and the claims are unsupported . FBI agent 's ` mental poker game ' against al Qaeda The allegations "  have been subject to numerous investigations over the years , and those investigations -- which had access to more information than the authors of this report -- have never substantiated these claims , " Breasseale said . He said the health and well-being of Guantanamo detainees is the primary mission of prison camp 's medical staff , "  and they take this duty as seriously as they take their duty to provide medical treatment to U.S. service members or any other patient in their care . " The practices employed at Guantanamo Bay -- sleep and sensory deprivation , the use of stress positions , the exploitation of phobias and noise exposure -- came to light after the 2004 scandal at Abu Ghraib , the Iraqi prison where American troops were found to have tortured detainees . The scandals led to multiple investigations and reforms by both Congress and the Bush administration , which defended the use of "  enhanced " interrogation methods . The Obama administration repudiated the use of those techniques when it came into office in 2009 . But Thomson said the guidelines that U.S. agencies follow today are believed to be looser than they were before 2001 , though some details remain classified . The U.S. response to the wave of hunger strikes at Guantanamo Bay "  exposed some medically unethical practices " as well , Thomson said . More than 100 detainees at the camp , located on a U.S. Navy base in Cuba , were refusing food over the summer , and about 30 were being fed through tubes shoved down their noses and into their stomachs . The Pentagon has said the feeding program is lawful and humane . But the practice has been condemned by human rights groups , the World Medical Association and the American Medical Association , which says every patient has the right to refuse even life-sustaining treatment . "  Those hunger strikes are current . They 're not in the past , " Thomson said . The camp 's guidelines for doctors should be changed , he said , "  so physicians are not placed in a position where they 're required to violate medical ethics . " Breasseale said the feeding program "  is focused solely on preserving the life and health of detainees in  Department of Defense  custody , and is in line with well-established U.S. law . " The feeding tube procedure "  is medically sound , and is based on procedures performed not only in U.S. prisons , but in hospitals and nursing homes worldwide , " he said . As of Monday , 14 Guantanamo detainees refuse to eat regularly and are therefore approved for the feeding program , but they do n't always require tube feeding because they frequently will "  drink the supplement or eat a meal out of sight of their peers , " Breasseale said . "  We remain committed to President Obama 's goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , he added . "  It is wildly expensive , it is inefficient , and it operates outside America 's best interests . However , until Congress changes the law , we will continue to humanely safeguard those held in our charge there . " Numerous countries involved in CIA interrogation programs	Investigations "  have never substantiated these claims , " Pentagon spokesman says Report : Doctors advised interrogators who treated captives inhumanely after 9/11 Such actions violated medical ethics , Columbia University , Open Society Foundations say Study calls for full investigation of inmate treatment after 9/11
A woman in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland who 'd fallen ill tested negative for Ebola , the Scottish government said Tuesday . A spokesman for the government said the woman had been in West Africa recently , though she had no direct contact with anyone with Ebola . "  A patient at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has tested negative for Ebola , " the press release said . "  The individual was transferred to the hospital by the Scottish Ambulance Service yesterday after falling ill while visiting Torridon in the Scottish Highlands . " Meanwhile , a health care worker who was diagnosed with the Ebola virus after returning to Scotland from Sierra Leone was transferred to the Royal Free Hospital in London . The patient is Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , of Glasgow , Scotland , the hospital said . She was working with Save the Children at an Ebola treatment center , said Michael von Bertele , humanitarian director at that organization . She traveled via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport before arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight late Sunday , the health agency NHS Scotland said . After feeling unwell , she sought medical attention and became the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola within the United Kingdom . British media outlets said Cafferkey is a public health nurse in Scotland 's South Lanarkshire area who was part of a 30-strong team of medical volunteers deployed to West Africa by the UK government last month in a joint endeavor with Save the Children . She was reportedly transferred to London in a military aircraft fitted with an isolation pod . The Royal Free Hospital is equipped with a high-level isolation unit , with access restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent , with controlled ventilation , is set up over the patient 's bed . A British volunteer nurse , William Pooley , was successfully treated in the unit after he was brought home from Sierra Leone in August , having been diagnosed with Ebola there . ` Extremely low ' risk UK authorities are working to trace those who have come into contact with Cafferkey . The Scottish government has set up a special number for people to call if they traveled on the same London Heathrow-to-Glasgow flight as Cafferkey . British Airways said it was working closely with health authorities in England and Scotland and would help with any information needed . "  The safety and security of our customers and crew is always our top priority and the risk to people on board that individual flight is extremely low , " the airline said . Ebola patients become infectious only after they display symptoms , such as fever and vomiting . The deadly virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids . A Downing Street spokesman told CNN that British Prime Minister David Cameron and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon had discussed the procedures in place to handle such a case . "  They agreed that both governments would remain in close touch and ensure everything possible was done to support the patient and , although the risk to the general population remained low , all measures would be taken to protect public health . " Possible case Another suspected Ebola case is being tested in southwest England at the Royal Cornwall Hospital , health officials said . "  We do not expect the results to be known for at least 24 hours and in the meantime the patient is being looked after in isolation , following nationally agreed guidelines and protocols to protect the health of our staff and other patients , " said a joint statement from the hospital and Public Health England , a government agency . According to UK government guidelines , humanitarian workers returning from Ebola-affected countries in West Africa who 've been at high risk of exposure are expected to monitor their own health for 21 days after they get home . As of December 24 , at least 7,693 people had died in the current Ebola outbreak , centered in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , the World Health Organization said . There have been at least 19,695 cases .	Woman in the Scottish Highlands tests negative for Ebola , government says A health care worker diagnosed with the virus is moved to a London hospital She was working with Save the Children in Sierra Leone as a volunteer nurse A third suspected Ebola case is being tested in the southwest of England , officials say
OPRAH.com  -- Decision-making can be challenging for anyone , but when a couple needs to make a collective decision , the challenge becomes greater , psychologist Dr. Josh Klapow says . Remind your partner that you are a team and collaboration is needed when facing differing opinions . The key is to recognize that the decision-making process is the same regardless of the type of decision , Dr. Klapow says . "  Making decisions as a couple is not so much about what you decide on , but rather how you go about the process of making the decision , " he says . "  If you approach each decision with the same game plan , then over time , you will become experts at decision-making . " Dr. Klapow shares his five "  smart "  set , monitor , arrange , recruit and treat  steps to collective decision-making . Set a specific goal Make sure you are very specific about what you want , Dr. Klapow says . For example , a goal of saving money is not specific enough ; however , saying that you want to save an extra $ 100 per month by automatic deduction from your paychecks to pay off your credit card is specific . "  The more specific you are , the better , " he says . Monitor your discussion As you are discussing the decision at hand , make sure you are staying on track , Dr. Klapow says . "  Very often couples will start discussing a goal and stray to some other topic , which can lead to frustration , " he says . "  If you notice yourself or your spouse getting off the subject , quickly come back to the specific goal . " Oprah.com : The five best things to do for your relationship Arrange the situation for success Decision-making does n't work well when someone is tired , hungry , short of time or preoccupied with other activities . "  Before you start the discussion , make sure each of you is in the right frame of mind and you have the time , " Dr. Klapow says . If not , take a break from the discussion because it likely wo n't be productive . Recruit support from one another A collective decision means that sometimes there will be a compromise , Dr. Klapow says . If you are going into the discussion to win , then you are not making a collective decision -- you are fighting a battle , he says . "  Remind each other that you are a team and that you are in it to win collectively , not necessarily individually , " he says . Treat yourselves Because decision-making can be one of the toughest challenges a couple faces , celebrate the success of a decision together . "  A hug , a celebratory reward -- anything that acknowledges that together you have accomplished this task -- will help keep you motivated to make decisions together again , " Dr. Klapow says . From The Peete 's "  Oprah & Friends " on Sirius XM Radio show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Psychologist Dr. Josh Klapow gives tips for couples on decision-making Be specific about what you want , Dr. Klapow says Klapow : Stay on track while you are discussing your goals Collective decisions require a compromise , Dr. Klapow says
Washington  CNN  -- A top judicial nominee of President Obama 's was denied a final confirmation vote on the Senate floor Wednesday after Republicans expressed concern that she would be an "  activist " on the bench . New York attorney Caitlin Halligan is one of two nominees named in January by Obama to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , seen by many as a professional stepping stone to the Supreme Court . A 51-41 cloture vote failed to achieve the necessary 60 senators to end debate on Halligan 's qualifications , with Senate Democrats complaining she was being unfairly filibustered . Her third nomination to this judicial seat remains in political limbo . The president said he was "  deeply disappointed " about the outcome . Halligan is general counsel for the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office . She would fill the seat vacated by John Roberts , who joined the high court in 2005 and is now chief justice . "  Rather than debate the merits of her nomination and whether she has the legal ability , judgment , character , ethics and temperament to serve on the court , Senate Republicans resorted to smearing her distinguished record of service , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , chairman of the Judiciary Committee . "  They have not been fair to this fine woman . " But Senate conservatives said Halligan met the "  extraordinary circumstances " justifying a delay in a confirmation vote . "  Ms. Halligan has a well-documented record of advocating extreme positions on constitutional issues , pushing legal arguments beyond what I think is reasonable , including in cases involving Second Amendment gun rights , abortion , the death penalty and others , " said Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , who 's also on the Judiciary Committee . "  Her attempts to distance herself from her record were simply unconvincing . There is no question where she stands on these issues . She herself has said that the ` courts are the special friend of liberty ... the dynamics of our rule of law enables enviable social progress and mobility . ' " Obama is the only president in recent memory never to have successfully placed a nominee on the D.C. Circuit , which handles many high-profile appeals , including executive authority to fight terrorism and broader congressional power . There are four vacancies on that bench , and much of the debate on Halligan was whether the court 's caseload was enough to justify filling the bench with more judges . "  As measured by the Democrats ' own standards and their own prior actions , now is not the time to confirm another judge to the D.C. Circuit , " said Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah . "  And it is certainly not the time to consider such a controversial nominee for that important court . " Besides Roberts , Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg served on the D.C. Circuit before assuming their current jobs . Judges Robert Bork and Douglas Ginsburg also served there , but their 1987 nominations by President Reagan to the high court did not succeed . Bork died in December . In a rare move , Senate Republicans voted in December 2011 to block Halligan the first time she was tapped for the appeals court , complaining that the 46-year-old Ohio native was too liberal and would bring her "  extreme " political views to the bench . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday reiterated the view of many of his colleagues that Halligan met the "  extraordinary circumstances " standard , under a 2005 Senate agreement that allowed filibusters of judicial nominees only in extreme cases . McConnell complained about Halligan 's legal positions on gun rights , detainee rights and immigration , and said she would bring an activist agenda to the court . But Obama said his choices were being held to a different standard . "  Today 's vote continues the Republican pattern of obstruction . My judicial nominees wait more than three times as long on the Senate floor to receive a vote than my predecessor 's nominees , " he said in a statement . "  Until last month , for more than forty years , the court has always had at least eight active judges and as many as twelve . A majority of the Senate agrees that Ms. Halligan is exactly the kind of person who should serve on this court , and I urge Senate Republicans to allow the Senate to express its will and to confirm Ms. Halligan without further delay . " As a U.S. senator , Obama joined the unsuccessful 2006 Democratic-led filibuster of Samuel Alito to join the Supreme Court . That effort failed , and Justice Alito has since carved a consistent conservative record in the court . Democrats had defended Halligan as a "  superbly qualified nominee , " in the words of Leahy . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , who along with colleague Sen. Kristen Gillibrand spearheaded the nomination , called her a "  moderate " and said Republicans have distorted her record . Also renominated for the D.C. Circuit is Sri Srinivasan , the principal deputy solicitor general at the Justice Department , who has argued more than 20 cases before the Supreme Court . He would be the appeals court 's first Asian-American , if confirmed . Unlike Halligan , Srinivasan has not even had a committee vote , the procedural first step to getting final floor confirmation . Obama had nominated 33 people to the federal bench in January , including Halligan , saying at the time that many had waited more than six months for a vote . "  I urge the Senate to consider and confirm these nominees without delay , so all Americans can have equal and timely access to justice , " the president said . On Tuesday , White House press secretary Jay Carney expressed frustration about the confirmation process , particularly involving Halligan . "  When Republicans filibustered her nomination in 2011 , several of them hung their objections not on her qualifications or her judicial philosophy , but on the D.C. Circuit workload . In essence , they did n't object to her as a judge , just that the seat did not need to be filled . But since then , there has been an additional vacancy , " with 188 pending cases at the court . Republicans were criticized for delaying floor votes on many nominees in the president 's first term in office . But the White House , too , has come under fire for not moving quickly to fill growing bench vacancies . Some moderates from both parties have long lamented threats of delays and filibuster attempts of most presidential appointments . They say ongoing unfilled vacancies have created a crisis in many federal courts , with bulging dockets being handled by too few judges .	Obama says his judicial nominees have waited too long , blames GOP obstruction President nominated New York attorney Caitlin Halligan to D.C. appeals court in January Sen. Patrick Leahy : "  Republicans resorted to smearing her distinguished record of service " Sen. Jeff Sessions : Halligan "  has a well-documented record of advocating extreme positions "
