LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Miss California USA pageant officials appear close to announcing if they will strip Carrie Prejean of her crown because of her lingerie photos and same-sex marriage statements . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in . The pageant 's first runner-up , Tami Farrell , who would assume the Miss California USA title if Prejean is disqualified , will be at a Beverly Hills news conference Monday to "  address many issues surrounding Miss California USA , " said pageant spokesman Ron Neal . The controversy began last month when Prejean , 21 , declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage . She finished as first runner-up to Miss USA . Calls for her dethronement took on renewed energy this week when at least two photos of Prejean from a lingerie modeling session were published online , which Neal said violated the contract she signed to be in the pageant . In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos were being used in a "  vicious and mean-spirited " effort to silence her for "  defending traditional marriage . " She vowed to "  continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is . " The presence of Farrell on the list of those expected to be at the announcement -- and the absence of Prejean -- may suggest officials already have decided to replace her . Shanna Moakler , co-executive director of the state pageant , met with Farrell this week to discuss the possibility of her taking over as Miss California USA , Neal said . Ironically , Moakler -- who was the 1995 Miss USA -- became a Playboy centerfold model . As a top official with the Miss California USA organization , she plays a key role in deciding if the lingerie photos of Prejean are too racy for a beauty queen . State pageant officials met this week with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal . "  When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " Neal said . Watch reaction to racy photos " CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification . The two photos show Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top . She is turned away from the camera , with an arm hiding most of her breast . It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider them semi-nude photos . During the pageant , contestants must parade across the stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin than the photos reveal . Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a professional model . "  I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said . "  Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . " She said the photos "  have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . " "  I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said . "  But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive . While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean-spirited attacks . " Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job . "  In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ . "  She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . " Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting what she called "  opposite marriage "  marriage between a man and a woman  funded by the National Organization for Marriage . "  Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign . "  There is something special about unions of husband and wife . Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . "	Miss California USA pageant officials to have Monday news conference Scheduled to be on hand : Tami Farrell , first runner-up Miss California USA Carrie Prejean might be stripped of title due to issues Prejean initially in news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
CNN  -- An injury-time penalty from Keisuke Honda fired Japan into the 2014 FIFA World Cup , making the Samurai Blue the first country to qualify for next year 's tournament in Brazil . With Japan needing to avoid defeat in order to clinch one of the 32 places with a game to spare , playmaker Honda converted a late spot-kick to level the score at 1-1 after Australia had taken a surprise lead through Tommy Oar 's speculative cross with eight minutes remaining . Tuesday 's point means Alberto Zaccheroni 's Japan are seven points clear at the top of Asian qualifying 's Group B and assured of a place in a fifth consecutive World Cup . The top two teams from each of Asia 's five-country groups advance , with both third-placed teams entering a playoff . Blog : Can Chelsea go "  Back to the Future ? " The winner of that two-legged tie plays the fifth-placed team from the South American section to decide who goes to the tournament . Brazil , as host nation , has does not need to qualify . Oman also enjoyed a fruitful Tuesday as they leaped from second bottom in Group B to second top after beating Iraq 1-0 in Muscat thanks to Ismail Al Ajmi 's goal in first half stoppage time . The Omanis ' nine points are now two better than both Australia and Jordan , but the latter pair have a match in hand . This will be played when the Socceroos , who have qualified for the last two World Cups , host Jordan in Melbourne next Tuesday . The result of that match will determine what each team needs to do in their final qualifier on June 18 , when Group B concludes with Australia at home again , against Iraq , while Oman travel to Jordan . Japan 's next commitment is the forthcoming Confederations Cup in Brazil , a warmup event for 2014 's four-yearly showpiece . Zaccheroni 's Asian champions play hosts Brazil in the competition 's opening game on June 15 . Elsewhere in Asia , former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has been named head coach of Chinese Super League club Guangzhou R & F . The Swede , who has also coached Manchester City , Lazio , Roma and Ivory Coast during a 36-year managerial career , has left his post as technical director of United Arab Emirates club Al Nasr . "  The club 's board of directors has today officially hired Sven-Goran Eriksson as Guangzhou football coach until December 2014 , " read a statement from the club , which is 13th in the 16-team CSL . "  Coach Li Bing will from today no longer serve as the acting head coach . "	Japan becomes the first country to qualify for 2014 World Cup in Brazil Keisuke Honda 's 91st-minute penalty secures a 1-1 draw with Australia Japan will now head to Brazil for the forthcoming Confederations Cup Sven-Goran Eriksson appointed head coach of Chinese club Guangzhou R & F
CNN  -- A study published Monday in the journal Pediatrics indicates about 1 percent of children ages 3 to 17 have autism or a related disorder , an increase over previous estimates . Children at the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta , Georgia , receive instruction on March 5 , 2009 . "  This is a significant issue that needs immediate attention , " Dr. Ileana Arias , deputy director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . "  A concerted effort and substantial national response is warranted . " The study used data from the federal government 's 2007 national survey of children 's health . The survey of parents was conducted by the Health Resources and Services Administration , and by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The results are based on a national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents of children ages 3 to 17 . iReport.com : How has autism affected your family ? In the study , parents were asked whether a health care provider had ever told them their child had an autism spectrum disorder . ASD is a group of brain disorders comprising autism and two less severe disorders : Asperger 's disorder and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified . Children with the disorder show impairment in social interaction and in their ability to communicate . They often display repetitive behavior . Watch families discuss autism " The investigators also asked a follow-up question : Were the children considered to have ASD now ? Nearly 40 percent of the parents and guardians said no . That finding led the authors to question whether some of the children originally diagnosed as having ASD may have been improperly diagnosed , since the disorders are not considered curable . But Kogan said the two surveys can not be compared because the earlier investigators did not ask the follow-up question about whether the children were still considered to have the disorder . Still , based on the findings , lead author Dr. Michael D. Kogan of HRSA 's maternal and child health bureau estimated the prevalence of ASD among U.S. children ages 3 to 17 at 110 per 10,000 -- slightly more than 1 percent . Boys were four times as likely as girls to have ASD , and non-Hispanic black and multiracial children were less likely than non-Hispanic white children . He estimated that 673,000 children have ASD in the United States . Monday 's findings of nearly 1 in 100 appear to indicate an increase from the average of 1 in 150 that was reported in 2003 , the researchers said . The researchers urged caution in interpreting the change , noting that an increase in diagnoses does not necessarily mean that more children have the disorder . It could simply reflect a heightened awareness of the disorder . "  We do n't know whether the change in the number over time is a result of the change in the actual condition , in the actual number of conditions or in part due to the fact that the condition is being recognized differently , " Arias said . She said that preliminary results from a separate , CDC-funded study she is working on also indicate that about 1 percent of children in the United States are affected by ASD . That study is to be published later this year , she said . "  This is a behavioral diagnosis , and it 's difficult to make , and it 's difficult to make at young ages , " said Dr. Peter van Dyck , HRSA 's associate administrator for maternal and child health . Half of the cases were considered mild by their parents , the study reported . The results underscore the importance of creating policies that will result in early identification and intervention , the officials said . The reports raise "  a lot of questions about how we are preparing in terms of housing , employment , social support -- all the issues that many of these people are going to need , " said Dr. Tom Insel , director of the National Institute of Mental Health . "  It also raises questions about how well we 're prepared in the educational system to provide for the special needs of many of these kids . " Insel said the federal government is beefing up the resources it is mobilizing to address autism and related disorders , with $ 85 million being appropriated by the National Institutes of Health and $ 48 million for next year by the HRSA .	Study indicates about 1 % of children 3 to 17 have autism or related disorder Results based on national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents CDC official : "  This is a significant issue that needs immediate attention " Researchers saying finding could reflect heightened awareness of disorder
CNN  -- An unknown tennis player ranked number 100 burst from obscurity and knocked Rafael Nadal out of Wimbledon Thursday . Lukas Rosol defeated the number 2 ranked Nadal , 6-7  9-11  6-4 6-4 2-6 6-4 . Fresh off the biggest win of his life , Rosol said : "  Before the last game , I was not sure if I will be shaking or not because it was the first time against Rafa and the first time also in Wimbledon Center Court . You never know what to expect , so it was not easy , and I survived . " Rosol comes from Prerov , Czech Republic . He made his Wimbledon debut after losing in the first round of qualifying the last five years . In contrast , Nadal has reached the Wimbledon finals five times in the last six years , winning the title twice . Both players are 26 years old . Rosol started playing tennis at age six , and his hobby is listed as watching sports , according to his ATP profile . His favorite surface to play is clay , although his latest victory came on Wimbledon 's famous grass courts . Prior to the season , Rosol had never won a tour-level grass-court match , according to ATP . Looking dismayed after his earliest Grand Slam defeat in seven years , Nadal spoke haltingly in a press conference . "  These kinds of matches can happen . Today it happened , " said Nadal , who has won 11 Grand Slam titles . Later , Nadal tweeted in Spanish : It could n't be ... This is sport ! You must know how to celebrate wins and assume defeats ! Congratulations to Lukas for his great match ! " Called one of the biggest upsets in Grand Slam history by tennis commentators , many assessed Rosol 's prospects for the rest of the tournament . Former tennis player , Jimmy Connors tweeted : In #tennis we call Rosol a stopper , he wo n't win or even go deep in tourney but he will stop a top seed from advancing #wimbledon Martina Navratilova tweeted : Happy for Lukáš Rosol , but really feeling bad for Rafa , would be shocked if Rosol can get anywhere near that form again ... agree with Jimmy .	Lukas Rosol , ranked 100 , defeated the number 2 Rafael Nadal Rosol made his Wimbledon debut this year Tennis observers doubt Rosol will make it far
CNN  -- Super rookie Marc Marquez is human after all . The 20-year-old missed his first chance to win the MotoGP crown as he was disqualified from the Australian Grand Prix , Sunday . The sensational Spanish rider failed to return to the Honda pits for a mandatory bike change in time and was shown the black flag . His rival Jorge Lorenzo went on to win the race from pole position to keep his hopes of defending his MotoGP title alive . The race round Philip Island off the south east coast of Australia was injected with an extra dose of drama thanks to tire trouble on the recently resurfaced circuit . With tire supplier Bridgestone unable to guarantee the safety of the rubber , race officials decided to cut the event to 19 laps and instructed the riders to make a mandatory change of bikes no later than lap 10 of the race . Lorenzo duly pitted at the end of lap 10 but Marquez made a costly error when he chose to stay out for another lap . "  The plan we had was not correct , " the Repsol Honda rider explained on MotoGP.com . "  We thought that we could do that lap . We thought we could go into the pit at the end of lap 11 . "  The problem was not with the pit board , that was fine , when I saw ` Box ' I came in . Now we need to forget about it and just concentrate in -LSB- the next race in -RSB- Motegi . " Yamaha 's defending champion Lorenzo is now 18 points behind his Spanish rival Marquez with two races in Japan and Spain to go in the 2013 season . "  We 've been very lucky , " said Lorenzo , who was almost toppled by Marquez when he returned to the track from this late stop . "  Without the mistake from Marc I think he would have been first or second . Now the championship has changed so much . "  Before the race we had no chance , a 2 % or 3 % chance and now it 's 20 % or 30 % . But Marc is very competitive at every track , so we need to go as hard as possible at Motegi and Valencia . " Lorenzo eased to a straightforward win in the shortened race ahead of Honda 's Dani Pedrosa and seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi , who are third and fourth in the driver standings . "  I 'm so happy to be on the podium here at Phillip Island because it 's always a great pleasure and a great atmosphere , " said Rossi . "  I tried to give the maximum , the race was very thrilling and I enjoyed it very much . We were able to do a very good job in the pits and gain two positions . " The racing thrills continue next week in Japan .	Marc Marquez disqualified in Australia for pit stop error The Spanish rookie misses first chance to win 2013 MotoGP title Jorge Lorenzo wins at Philip Island to boost title defence Lorenzo is now 18 points behind Marquez with two races to go
CNN  -- Searchers have recovered the bodies of three people who were aboard a Yemenia Airways jet that crashed off the coast of Comoros in the Indian Ocean , a spokesman for Yemen 's Civil Aviation department said Tuesday . A man hugs a relative of one of the victims at an airport in Marseille in southern France . Capt. Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir also told reporters that a child who was reported found alive was a 5-year-old boy . He did not give further details of the child 's condition . "  The French said that  Wednesday  they will send more French units to the accident location in order to retrieve the bodies and possibly that they may be able to locate people who are still alive , " he said . The Airbus 310 went down early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members on a flight that originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . Qadir said the jet took off from Sanaa shortly before 10 p.m. Monday and vanished from radar when it was about 16 miles from Comoros ' capital , Moroni . Searchers have not located the plane 's data recorders , Qadir said , and investigators were not speculating on the cause of the crash . "  The weather conditions were indeed very troubling and the winds were very strong , reaching 61 kilometers per hour  38 mph  , " he said . "  That 's one thing . The other thing was that the sea was very rough when the plane approached landing at Moroni airport . " But French Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau noted that several years ago France banned the plane , a A310-300 , because of safety concerns . "  People are talking about poor weather conditions , but for the moment , we are unsure , " Bussereau said . "  It seems the plane may have attempted an approach , put on the gas , and attempted another approach , which then failed . For the moment , we must be careful because none of this information is verified . " Qadir said it was too early to blame the aircraft for the crash . "  This plane is just like any other plane , " he said . "  It can have a malfunction , but we do n't know what really happened before the investigation is over . And then we can determine if there is a technical issue , bad weather or anything else that may have led to the crash . " It was the second crash involving an Airbus jet in a month . On June 1 , an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . All 228 aboard are presumed dead . The cause remains under investigation . Recent plane crashes " Former pilot and aviation analyst John Cox said there were no similarities between the two incidents . "  These are two dramatically different airplanes flown by two different airlines , " Cox told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The accidents happened at two different regimes of flight . And Airbus has hundreds of millions of hours flying safely . I do n't believe that ... we can draw any conclusions because the manufacturer was the same in these two very different types of accidents . " At first , Comoros officials said there were no signs of survivors among the dead bodies floating in the choppy waters . But then rescuers found the child . Watch as airline describes child 's rescue " Cox said it reminded him of the 1987 crash of Northwest Flight 255 in Detroit , Michigan , in which only a 4-year-old girl survived while 156 others died . "  This has come up before , and it 's where the toddler was seated  during the impact  that allowed them to survive , " he said . "  It 's a miracle and I 'm glad ... the toddler is safe . I 'm just saddened for the loss of everybody else , " he added . The Yemeni crash occurred as the plane approached the Hahaya airport in Moroni . The plane tried to land , then U-turned before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said . Officials did not know why the plane could not land , he said . Flight 626 was expected to be a four-and-a-half-hour flight . The airline has three regular flights a week to Moroni , off the east coast of Africa , about 2,900 km  1,800 miles  south of Yemen . The crash occurred about 1:30 a.m. , Nadhoim said . There was no indication of foul play behind the crash , the official in Yemen said . Yemenia Air had used the jet since 1999 on about 17,300 flights , Airbus officials said . The company said it would assist in investigating the crash . "  The concerns and sympathy of the Airbus employees go to the families , friends and loved ones affected by the accident , " the company said in a statement . In the wake of the Air France crash on June 1 , United States accident investigators have been probing two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s . One flight was between the United States and Brazil in May , and the other between Hong Kong and Japan in June . The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report	NEW : Three bodies found ; French sending team to help search and rescue A 5-year-old boy recovered alive from Yemeni jet crash in Indian Ocean Jet was carrying more than 150 people to island of Comoros from Yemen Crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Thousands of people , many of them Iranian government supporters , turned up in Tehran on Wednesday for the funeral of a man killed in anti-government protests . The gathering near Tehran University followed a crackdown on anti-government protests Monday and Tuesday 's calls from Iranian lawmakers for the execution of opposition leaders . Government officials said 26-year-old Sana Jaleh was shot to death Monday by members of an outlawed group called the People 's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran . The group , which is also known as the Mojahedin-e Khalq , has opposed the Iranian government for decades . Government officials also claim that Jaleh was part of the pro-government Basij militia , but some who knew Jaleh dispute that account . And in a statement Wednesday , the People 's Mujahedeen called the government 's version of events "  a preposterous lie . " According to the group , it was the Iranian authorities who fired on the demonstrators . "  These desperate attempts and ludicrous allegations against the PMOI , much like clerical regime 's other attempts at shutting down the internet and mobile phones , or jamming satellite television broadcasts , will prove fruitless for the shaky clerical regime , " the group said . "  The uprising and the struggle of the Iranian people shall continue until the downfall of the ruling religious fascism and the establishment of democracy . " The semi-official Fars news agency also blamed the People 's Mujahedeen for a second reported death in Monday 's protests . Fars reported that the victim , identified as Mohammad Mokhtari , was buried on Wednesday in southern Tehran , where mourners blamed Iranian opposition leaders for his death and called for their execution . Similar calls came during Jaleh 's funeral procession , with demonstrators shouting anti-American slogans and holding signs calling for the prosecution of opposition leaders Mehdi Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi . Iranian lawmakers Tuesday called for Karrubi and Moussavi to be put to death . In an interview with state-run news agency IRNA , Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hussein Mohseni-Ejei said Wednesday that "  The people have demanded the execution of these people ... and the judiciary will fulfill its duty . " Last week , the Iranian government rounded up activists after Karrubi and Moussavi called for supporters to gather at Azadi Square -- the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . Despite the security presence , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched in Tehran on Monday . Meanwhile , the opposition-run Saham News website reported that at least 20 security agents broke into the home of Karrubi 's son , Hossein Karrubi , on Wednesday . Karrubi was not in the apartment at the time , but the agents broke down the door , ransacked his home , and destroyed much of his belongings , Saham News reported . Iran 's government has praised Egyptian demonstrators who brought down President Hosni Mubarak 's iron-fisted rule , but at the same time is cracking down on protesters decrying its own hardline regime . Mubarak resigned on Friday after 18 days of protests , and similar unrest has broken out in several other Middle Eastern states .	NEW : Fars news agency reports a second protester was killed Monday NEW : Iranian agents ransack the home of an opposition leader 's son , the opposition reports Iran blames a banned opposition group for the deaths , but the group denies that The crowd at the funeral is mostly made up of government supporters
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Salt Lake City , Utah , ranks 21st with an unemployment rate of 3.5 percent . Job seekers with no ties to any particular location often seek jobs in big cities like New York , Chicago , Illinois , Los Angeles , California , or San Francisco , California . But are these the places where they 're most likely to find a job ? Not according to the most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Job seekers are better off looking in such cities as Sioux Falls , South Dakota ; Idaho Falls , Idaho ; and Rapid City , South Dakota . All of these cities registered some of the lowest unemployment rates in September 2008 . Low unemployment rates seem harder to come by in today 's economy . Unemployment rates were higher in 349 of the 369 U.S. metropolitan areas surveyed , which means 92 percent of cities have seen an increase in their unemployment rates Only 25 areas reported lower rates , while six areas had no change . The national unemployment rate in September , 6 percent , was up 1.5 percent from 4.5 in September 2007 Ten cities recorded jobless rates of at least 10 percent and nine areas registered rates below 3 percent . Eighty-four metropolitan areas posted unemployment rates of at least 7 percent , up from only 17 areas the year before . Only 46 cities had jobless rates below 4 percent , down from 133 areas at the same time last year . In total , Among the 310 metropolitan areas for which nonfarm payroll data were available in September 2008 , 140 areas reported over-the-year employment gains , 164 reported losses , and 6 had no change.iReport.com : Looking for a job ? Share your story Despite these startling figures , several cities have low unemployment rates . Here are 30 cities  and their Metropolitan Statistical Areas  with the lowest unemployment rates , according to the September 2008 numbers released by the BLS . * 1 . Bismarck , North Dakota Unemployment rate 2.5 2 . Casper , Wyoming Unemployment rate 2.5 3 . Logan , Utah Unemployment rate 2.5 4 . Sioux Falls , South Dakota Unemployment rate 2.5 5 . Morgantown , West Virginia Unemployment rate 2.6 6 . Ames , Iowa Unemployment rate 2.7 7 . Fargo , North Dakota Unemployment rate 2.8 8 . Iowa City , Iowa Unemployment rate 2.8 9 . Rapid City , South Dakota Unemployment rate 2.9 10 . Lincoln , Nebraska Unemployment rate 3.0 11 . Provo-Orem , Utah Unemployment rate 3.0 12 . Billings , Montana Unemployment rate 3.1 13 . Charleston , West Virginia Unemployment rate 14 . Midland , Texas Unemployment rate 3.2 15 . Salt Lake City , Utah Unemployment rate 3.2 16 . Idaho Falls , Idaho Unemployment rate 3.3 17 . Lafayette , Louisiana Unemployment rate 3.3 18 . Santa Fe , New Mexico Unemployment rate 3.3 19 . Charlottesville , Virginia Unemployment rate 3.4 20 . Farmington , New Mexico Unemployment rate 3.4 21 . Grand Forks , North Dakota Unemployment rate 3.4 22 . Lawton , Oklahoma Unemployment rate 3.4 23 . Madison , Wisconsin Unemployment rate 3.4 24 . Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers , Arkansas-Missouri Unemployment rate 3.5 25 . Harrisonburg , Virginia Unemployment rate 3.5 26 . Ogden-Clearfield , Utah Unemployment rate 3.5 27 . Oklahoma City , Oklahoma Unemployment rate 3.5 28 . Omaha-Council Bluffs , Nebraska-Iowa Unemployment rate 3.5 29 . Portsmouth , New Hampshire Unemployment rate 3.5 30 . Sioux City , Iowa Unemployment rate 3.5 * Based on preliminary September numbers accessed October 31 , 2008 . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Bismarck , North Dakota , registers lowest unemployment rate in Sept. 2008 Most of the lowest unemployment rates were found in west , midwest Jobless rates were higher in 92 percent of U.S. cities surveyed this Sept. . Only 25 areas reported lower rates while six areas had no change
CNN  -- The Security Council of the Republic of South Sudan on Wednesday ordered troops deployed to restore security and prevent retaliatory attacks after violent clashes in the past week . The caretaker minister of interior , Gen. Gier Chuang Aluong , said that Sudan People 's Liberation Army troops would be rapidly deployed to the states of Jonglei in the east and Warrap in the north-central part of the country , which became independent on July 9 . In the wake of clashes August 18 between the Murle and Lou Nuer communities that left at least 600 people dead , 200 abducted and at least 26,000 cattle stolen , the caretaker minister for information and broadcasting , Barnaba Marial Benjamin , condemned "  such mindless violence that has left so many innocent men , women and children dead or injured , their homes and livelihoods in ruin . " An assessment mission dispatched to Jonglei on Monday confirmed more than 330 buried dead and close to 200 injured . According to Lise Grande , a U.N. humanitarian coordinator in South Sudan , the team identified more than 250 unaccompanied minors and estimated that 26,800 people became displaced . "  It is possible that many more bodies remain unburied in the bush , " Grande said . "  During yesterday 's flyover , the assessment team saw two villages that appeared to be torched to the ground . " Since February this year , a series of clashes between the Lou Nuer and Murle communities has resulted in the loss of more than 1,000 lives , the humanitarian coordinator said Wednesday . Humanitarian assistance has been hindered by the unrest . A warehouse stocked with food from the United Nations ' World Food Programme has been looted , and a Medecins Sans Frontieres-supported clinic was partially destroyed , Grande said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Monday called on the government of South Sudan to restore security in Jonglei , protect civilians affected by violence and work with both communities to reduce tensions .	At least 600 people killed in clashes between Murle and Lou Nuer tribes A World Food Programme warehouse is looted and a medical clinic is partially destroyed Ban Ki-moon urges the government of South Sudan to restore security in Jonglei
Another year of magic kicks off Thursday morning at the 87th Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , with its signature giant balloons , whimsical floats and performers taking over the streets of New York City , but a couple of displays are generating some controversy . From its modest beginnings in 1924 , the annual parade has become a holiday tradition featuring some of the world 's most beloved characters and attractions . In all , more than 50 balloons -- including Christmas SpongeBob Squarepants , Finn and Jake from "  Adventure Time " and Toothless from "  How to Train Your Dragon " -- and nearly 40 floats will roll down the streets , with new additions from Cirque Du Soleil , "  Despicable Me , " Royal Caribbean , Lindt Chocolate , and SeaWorld -- whose float is being met with protests . Animal rights activists , including members of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , say they plan to protest SeaWorld 's "  A Sea of Surprises " float Tuesday at the New Jersey location where the floats are built and stored . "  This planned float is deceptive in the extreme because it shows orcas frolicking in a magnificent sea alongside their families when really we all know now that SeaWorld deprives orcas of all these things , " Ashley Byrne , a spokeswoman for PETA , told CNN . The documentary "  Blackfish , " which recently aired on CNN , examines the safety and ethics of keeping killer whales in captivity . The film profiled Tilikum , the whale that killed a trainer at SeaWorld in 2010 . PETA has released an online petition asking that the SeaWorld float be removed from the parade . According to Byrne , more than 80,000 people have already signed it . "  As far as what happens the day of the parade , it remains to be seen , " Byrne said . PETA is also connected to a float controversy involving rocker Joan Jett . Joan Jett & The Blackhearts were scheduled to sing atop a South Dakota tourism float , but the band was removed from the float after protests that Jett , a vegetarian and PETA advocate , was representing the state where cattle are important to the economy . "  Farming and ranching are primary drivers of South Dakota 's economy . Many livestock producers expressed concern about whether Joan Jett was an appropriate representative for an agriculturally oriented state like South Dakota , " Jodie Anderson of the South Dakota Cattlemen 's Association told CNN . It is unclear on what float Joan Jett & The Blackhearts will perform Thursday . "  I 've decided to switch from South Dakota to another float because people 's political agendas were getting in the way of what should be a purely entertainment driven event , " Jett said in a statement this month . "  I will remain focused on entertaining the millions of people watching , who will be celebrating a great American tradition . " In the past , Macy 's Inc. has avoided controversy at the parade . "  The Parade has never taken on , promoted or otherwise engaged in social commentary , political debate , or other forms of advocacy , no matter how worthy , " a spokesperson for Macy 's Inc. said in a statement . "  Its mission has always been about entertaining millions of families and spectators . " More than 3.5 million people are expected to line the parade route . Another 50 million are expected to watch more than 1,600 cheerleaders , 11 marching bands and 900 clowns from home . Jimmy Fallon and The Roots , The Goo Goo Dolls , Gavin DeGraw and Fall Out Boy are among the scheduled performers . Despite recent controversies , Macy 's "  will remain steadfast in following the guiding core of a decades old mission , celebration and entertainment for all . "	The Thanksgiving tradition enters its 87th year with new floats and balloons Animal rights group PETA to protest SeaWorld float at New Jersey storage site Vegetarian rocker Joan Jett removed from float for cattle-loving South Dakota Macy 's "  has never taken on ... or engaged in social commentary , " statement says
Rome  CNN  -- Seven people have died and seven others are missing after rains triggered severe flooding in northern Italy , civil protection officials said Friday . Especially hard hit was the tourist-popular Cinque Terre region on Italy 's northwest coast . The Italian Council of Ministers declared a state of emergency in the flood region , which means 65 million euros  $ 91 million  will be put aside to deal with the disaster , the Corriere della Sera newspaper reported . A special cabinet meeting was called Friday to discuss the situation , the Italian government said . Heavy rains continued to fall Thursday night in Milan and other spots across the southern European nation , according to the Servizio Meteorologico , Italy 's official weather agency . The agency gave an alert about intense , widespread rainfall -- potentially with strong wind gusts and hail -- in the regions of Calabria and Basilicata in southern Italy , as well as the eastern part of Sicily . Meanwhile , Monterosso al Mare -- between Genoa and Pisa in the Cinque Terre region of Liguria -- has been "  isolated , accessible only by sea " because of earlier rains and floods , Mayor Angelo Betta told the news agency ANSA . So , too , is the nearby town of Vernazza , with even bulldozers and cranes still not able to reach it . That said , Betta reported some progress Thursday thanks to round-the-clock efforts by emergency workers and volunteers to clean up the town . One volunteer in that community died in the flood Wednesday . "  The situation is much better compared to yesterday , " Betta said . Italy 's Defense Ministry noted Thursday on its website that 348 military personnel have deployed to the provinces of Massa Carrara and La Spezia to assist in the wake of flooding here . Three people were killed after a house collapsed in La Spezia , an ANSA report said . ANSA also reported that prosecutors have opened a manslaughter investigation related to the deaths of two people from flood-related injuries in Aulla . Authorities are assessing whether their deaths had anything to do with faulty work that may have caused the Magra River to overflow . The weather has also caused major travel headaches throughout the region . A mudslide that trapped a truck driver , who was eventually freed , has caused the A12 highway in Liguria to be blocked since Tuesday . Train services in Liguria have been halted , too , due to mud and debris on the tracks . CNN 's Hada Messia and Marilia Brochetto contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to seven and a state of emergency is declared 348 Italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas Cinque Terre town is "  isolated , accessible only by sea , " its mayor says The storms have caused transportation problems across Liguria
Washington  CNN  -- Bernie Sanders is headed back to Iowa and New Hampshire for a handful of events that are sure to stoke more presidential speculation in the independent senator . Sanders , according to his spokesman , will hold three events in the Hawkeye State this weekend , followed by one event in New Hampshire later in the week . The Vermont senator will headline an Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement town hall meeting in Davenport , Iowa on Saturday . On Sunday , Sanders will headline the Johnson County Democratic Party barbecue in Iowa City and keynote an Iowa Citizens Action Network meeting in Coralville . Later in the week , on October 10 , Sanders will hold a town hall meeting at the University of New Hampshire with , according to his office , "  students and community members " from the university . These events come less than a month after Sanders held a three-event tour of Iowa , where the senator spoke to audiences in Des Moines , Dubuque and Iowa City . "  We need a political revolution in this country , " Sanders said in Dubuque . "  Politics is terribly important , and what happens in Washington and state capitals is also enormously important . " Sanders has been open with the fact that he is considering a run at the presidency , but has not committed to the race and has been reluctant to openly take on Hillary Clinton , the prohibitive favorite for the Democrat 's nomination in 2016 . In an interview with CNN last month , Sanders broke with that reluctance and challenged Clinton to talk about campaign finance reform , public funding of elections and other liberal issues . "  Now is Hillary Clinton going to say that , " the senator asked after talking about his platform .	Bernie Sanders is stoking more political speculation with visits to Iowa , New Hampshire The independent senator was in Iowa a month ago for three events He has been reluctant to confront Hillary Clinton , the Democratic favorite , directly
CNN  -- The Amanda Bynes saga continues . Early on Saturday , TMZ posted audio purporting to be of Bynes saying she wanted to murder her father . In the tape , she is heard telling someone that she wants her family dead because they control her money . On Sunday , the actress released a statement to "  Access Hollywood " seeming to apologize for what she said on the recording and trusting the people who recorded her . "  I 'm sorry I trusted people who clearly were not my friends and capitalized on my illness , " she said . "  I am doing my best to get better . I am truly sorry for the statements I made . I am sorry for any pain I caused my family and others . " The statement went on : "  I am thankful for everyone 's patience and understanding . I never expected others to take advantage and profit from my condition . I 'm disappointed with those who lulled me into a false sense of security only to find out they really are only interested in selling my privacy to the media . " CNN has not independently verified the TMZ recording was of Bynes . Earlier , Bynes tweeted that she was joking about wanting to kill her father . "  I straight up do n't believe in harming a soul , " she posted . This is the latest kerfuffle involving the 28-year-old Bynes after someone tweeted from her Twitter account that she was bipolar in October . She later blamed a "  friend " for tweeting that out .	Amanda Bynes has reportedly apologized for threatening her father "  I am doing my best to get better , " she said Bynes tweeted she was bipolar but later appeared to back off that statement
The biggest waves in a decade are pounding Hawaii 's North Shore . Visitors and locals alike marveled in their wake -- 40 to 50 feet high at Oahu , according to the National Weather Service . "  It 's crazy , " Peter Panais of Canada told CNN affiliate KHON . "  Honestly , these are probably the biggest waves I 've ever seen in my entire life . " The ocean swells have plenty of wow factor . "  I 've got some mates back in Aussie that I 've already sent videos to , who keep asking for more videos , more videos , " said Australian visitor Micka Murphy . "  They want to see more . " But even the locals were impressed by the powerful waves . "  It 's a spectacle . It 's incredible , " North Shore resident Daniela Power said . "  It 's so big and massive and powerful and it 's really a special thing to watch for sure . " Share video of the waves with CNN iReport if you can capture it safely The heavy surf peaked Wednesday night , but waves were still supposed to reach 30 to 40 feet on Thursday . A high surf advisory will be in place until Friday morning . Hawaii has n't experienced waves this large since 2004 , said Sam Houston , a forecaster with the weather service . Surfing event canceled The massive waves would appear to be a surfer 's paradise , but organizers of a big wave surf contest postponed this week 's event . Although they said the waves measured up , the wind conditions did n't . "  We have taken all the time we can to assess the developments of the next big swell and it does not look favorable for us , " event organizer Glen Moncata said at the beginning of the week . "  The size is there , but the quality is not , due to strong , adverse winds . " World 's 50 best surf spots Organizers of the big wave event said they will keep waiting until the end of February for "  just one day of quality surf " when wave face heights reach around 40 feet . The contest is held in honor of Eddie Aikau , a famous Oahu lifeguard who was regarded as one of the best big wave surfers of the 1960s and '70s . Aikau disappeared in 1978 during a canoe expedition from Hawaii to Tahiti . The event -- the Quiksilver In Memory of Eddie Aikau big wave invitational -- is n't an annual occurrence . It has taken place eight times , starting in 1984 . It was last held in December 2009 when Greg Long of California claimed victory . The invitees to this year 's event include Long , Aiku 's younger brother Clyde , 11-time world champion Kelly Slater and Carlos Burle , who gained global renown for surfing an enormous wave in Portugal last year . Why such huge waves ? A large storm with hurricane-force winds is spinning far north of the islands , but is sending a giant swell toward the warning areas , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Althought fun to watch , the big waves are prompting concern among beachfront home owners whose houses risk being flooded or are on cliffs vulnerable to erosion . The American Red Cross says it has volunteers and supplies on standby for any homes that are affected , CNN affiliate KHNL/KGMB reported . Surfers ride the storm in Europe	"  Honestly , these are probably the biggest waves I 've ever seen in my entire life , " visitor says Hawaii has n't experienced waves this large since 2004 A big wave surf contest has been postponed because of bad wind conditions "  The size is there , but the quality is not , " an event organizer says
New York  CNN  -- The family of a man killed by a New York City subway train after being shoved onto the tracks in December is suing the city 's transit authority , according to court documents obtained Sunday . The lawsuit , filed on behalf of 58-year-old Ki Suck Han 's daughter Ashley Han , accuses the Metropolitan Transit Authority of negligence and of failing to make "  proper and adequate use " of the train 's brakes , thus allowing the train to "  strike and run over " Ki Suck Han . The family is asking for an unspecified amount in damages , alleging that Ki Suck Han suffered from "  fear of impending death , conscious pain and suffering , emotional distress , mental anguish , medical and other expenses . " Asked about the lawsuit , an MTA spokesperson said via e-mail , "  We do not comment on pending litigation . " CNN 's attempts to reach the Han family have been unsuccessful . Han 's death made national headlines after a photo in the New York Post showed Han desperately clawing at a subway platform after being pushed onto the tracks by a man with whom he had been arguing . Naeem Davis , 30 , a homeless man , has been charged with second-degree murder in Han 's death . Newspaper takes heat over haunting subway photo	The family of Ki Suck Han sues New York 's transit authority for unspecified amount The agency did not make "  proper and adequate use " of the train 's brakes , the lawsuit says Han was pushed onto subway tracks and hit by a train in December A homeless man was charged with second-degree murder in his death
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Seventy-two police officers were killed in an attack early Tuesday by suspected Maoists in eastern India , authorities said . About 200 officers from the federal Central Reserve Police Force  CRPF  and a local police group were conducting a road inspection in Chhattisgarh state 's Dantewada district when the assault occurred , according to officials . Dantewada 's top district administrator Reena Kangale told CNN that the attackers fired at the security officers and set off landmine explosions . The attack and subsequent shootout lasted four hours , she said . Authorities launched rescue operations after the shootout ended , she added . There was no immediate report of casualties on the Maoist side , Kangale added . The road inspection by the officers was being carried out ahead of a planned transportation of food to a camp of internally-displaced people , she explained . India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat . The Maoists , on the other hand , have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed . In February , India 's home minister P. Chidambaram acknowledged that more than 900 people , including almost 600 civilians , were killed in Maoist-related incidents in 2009 . Some 200 suspected rebels were also slain as forces moved into areas under insurgent control , he said . "  I am confident that the state governments concerned will gradually gain the upper hand and re-establish the authority of the civil administration , " Chidambaram told an internal security conference on February 7 . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , however , conceded last year that the nation 's fight with the Maoists had fallen short of objectives . Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities but also among youth and the intelligentsia , officials suspect . "  We have not achieved as much success as we would have liked in containing this menace , " Singh said last September . "  It is a matter of concern that , despite our efforts , the level of violence in the affected states continues to rise . " In 2008 , 1,591 Maoist rebel attacks killed 721 people , according to government officials . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the rebels are also believed to be attacking infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	72 police officers killed in an attack by suspected Maoists in eastern India Police holding road inspection in Chhattisgarh state 's Dantewada district before assault India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat Maoists have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed
A top-secret National Security Agency team uses spyware and hacking to gather intelligence on targets , according to a new report based on internal agency documents . According to Der Spiegel , a German magazine that published some of the documents , the unit 's interception techniques are worthy of James Bond : intercepting a computer being shipped to a target and installing spyware before it is delivered ; supplying an altered monitor cable that transmits everything on a computer 's screen to the NSA ; or planting a USB plug with a secret radio transmitter . The unit , called Tailored Access Operations , also uses hacking in addition to spy craft . The most basic method involves phishing , sending an e-mail that lures a target into clicking on it and unknowingly downloading NSA spyware . More sophisticated techniques include identifying exploitable computer vulnerabilities by eavesdropping on a target 's error messages ; tracking a target 's cookies to shadow their Internet use ; and even surreptitiously diverting a target 's web surfing to phony replica web pages of commonly used sites such as LinkedIn and Facebook . Agents could use such fake sites both to see what a target is typing and to try to insert spyware on the target 's computer , according to cybersecurity expert Michael Sutton at ZScaler , a California-based information technology security company . "  Now they have my username and password , they can get into my account and help them in other attacks , " said Sutton . "  But in this particular scenario , what they really want to do is infect my machine " by transferring malware to it . "  From an eavesdropping perspective , this is a gold mine , " he said . "  If I can ` own ' your computer , if I can gain access to it and gain a foothold into it , now I have access to all of your secrets . " An NSA spokeswoman declined to discuss specific reports about the unit but said in a statement , "  Tailored Access Operations  TAO  is a unique national asset that is on the front lines of enabling NSA to defend the nation and its allies . " She added that "  its work is centered on computer network exploitation in support of foreign intelligence collection . " The documents in Der Spiegel named targets that were penetrated successfully , including Mexico 's security service and an underwater communications cable network . In 2010 , TAO counted 279 active operations worldwide . "  This is NSA 's hacking organization , " said Matthew Aid , who wrote a book about the NSA and said he has spoken to members or former members of the unit . "  It 's 1,600 men and women , military and civilians , average age mid-20s , maybe early 30s , so it 's a very young , very tech-savvy organization . " The hackers focus on foreign militaries , governments and corporations , he said , and they are protected by multiple levels of secrecy . "  Cypher-locked doors . Retinal scanners . You have to have a special need-to-know clearance for access to the TAO spaces at NSA . And the people who work there ca n't talk to any other NSA employees about what they do and how they do it . " This report follows a string of revelations leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden about privacy and spying , from the tracking of millions of overseas cell phones , to the monitoring of foreign leaders ' phones , to the global bulk scanning of e-mails . President Barack Obama commissioned a panel to review the NSA 's tactics , and he is expected to address their findings in January . According to the documents posted online by Der Spiegel , TAO programmers develop spyware to infiltrate everything from smartphones and computers to routers , servers , hard drives and firewalls to access global communications traffic . But there is no indication that the companies whose products were targeted , such as Samsung , Dell , and Cisco , cooperated with the NSA 's spyware or were even aware of it . "  No commercially available security system can detect a bug implanted by TAO , " said Aid . "  That 's its reputation . "	NSA unit called Tailored Access Operations combines spying and hacking to track its targets Techniques include installing spyware , setting up fake websites to gather usernames TAO works "  in support of foreign intelligence collection , " an NSA spokeswoman says German magazine reported on the group based on internal agency documents
CNN  -- San Diego Mayor Bob Filner 's former spokeswoman sued him for sexual harassment Monday , calling Filner unfit "  to hold any public office " and adding a new dimension to the scandal he faces . Irene McCormack Jackson said she and other women were subjected to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching by Filner . She said she resigned as Filner 's communications director in June after deciding that the mayor would not change his behavior . "  I had to work and do my job in an atmosphere where women were viewed by Mayor Filner as sexual objects or stupid idiots , " Jackson said . She said Filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her . "  He is not fit to be mayor of our great city . He is not fit to hold any public office . A man who lacks character makes a mockery of his ideas , " she said . Filner has been battling allegations of sexual harassment for several weeks , but none of the women leveling those claims had come forward before Jackson filed suit in a state court Monday . Her lawyer , Gloria Allred , called on Filner to resign , telling reporters , "  Apologies alone will not take care of this injustice . " In a statement issued Monday evening , Filner said he was "  saddened " by the accusations , but "  I remain committed to the people of San Diego and the work that needs to be done . " "  Once due process is allowed to unfold , I am certain there will be a better understanding of this situation , " he said , adding , "  I humbly ask that through this vicious storm of controversy , people take a moment and temper their rush to judgment . " Filner said last week that he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts . " But he has also acknowledged , "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them , " Filner said in a statement earlier this month . "  It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong . " Jackson 's lawsuit names Filner and the city as defendants . San Diego City Attorney Jan Goldsmith said his office will defend the city but not Filner , who he said has hired his own lawyer . Asked whether his office would urge Filner to resign , Goldsmith said , "  There 's enough legal issues to keep us busy . I 'm not getting into the political ones . " The 70-year-old Filner served five terms in Congress before being elected mayor in 2012 . Rep. Susan Davis , a San Diego-area congresswoman who served alongside Filner , joined calls for his resignation on Monday . "  Despite his inclusive vision for San Diego , Mayor Filner has lost the confidence of San Diegans to lead , " Davis , a fellow Democrat , said in a written statement . "  He has taken advantage of the trust the voters placed in him and lost both the promise and capacity to ignite positive change . His behavior , if not illegal , is reprehensible . " Davis said she and Filner "  have never had a smooth relationship , " but she "  respected his passion for our city and his interest to change the way business is done . " "  But all of that is now lost because he did not have enough passion for the city to curb his incomprehensible and unacceptable behavior , " she said . Another Democrat , former City Councilwoman Donna Frye , and two attorneys who say they represented accusers had leveled allegations against the mayor before Monday . Jackson said her decision to resign was clinched after Filner 's deputy chief of staff resigned in June . Filner "  refused to listen to someone he had known for 35 years , and who told him explicitly , during a senior staff meeting , that his behavior with women was terrible and possibly illegal . Filner "  laughed it off , " she said . She said Filner challenged her to provide one example of improper behavior ; when she brought up his comments about wearing underwear , "  He had no comeback , " she said . The San Diego Sheriff 's Department has established a hotline for accusers , who are allowed to remain anonymous under California law . Since the phone number was announced Friday , the department has received calls , spokeswoman Jan Caldwell told CNN on Monday . No further details were given . CNN 's Amanda Watts , Chuck Johnston and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : San Diego mayor says he 'll fight allegations , wo n't resign Ex-spokeswoman says Bob Filner is unfit "  to hold any public office " Congresswoman says it 's time for Filner to step down City attorney says Filner will pay for his own lawyer
CNN  -- For nearly 11 years , the family of Nelta Jacques has awaited word on her fate , as well as that of her two daughters , ages 5 and 7 . The three disappeared on a rain-soaked night in June 1999 as they were traveling from Jacques ' father 's home in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to their home in Tampa , a drive of about 260 miles . But a grisly discovery Wednesday in a Florida canal -- a submerged minivan with human remains inside -- might provide some long-sought answers . "  It 's hard . It 's just some closure right now , " Valbrun Chevalier , Jacques ' brother , said Thursday . The algae-covered minivan was found Wednesday morning during a Broward County Sheriff 's Office training exercise at the canal , located in a wildlife management area along I-75 , authorities said in a news release . The sheriff 's office has not released further details or said whether there are remains of more than one person . But Chevalier , of Port St. Lucie , Florida , said Thursday that police had notified his family that the minivan -- an older-model Dodge Caravan -- was registered to Jacques . He said he did not know whether the remains of all three had been found , but relatives were providing authorities with DNA samples Thursday . Jacques was 27 when she was last seen June 2 , 1999 . She had worked at a Wal-Mart and at toll plazas in Florida , along with other odd jobs , Chevalier said . She had just returned from a visit with relatives in Haiti , and had picked up her daughters -- Johanna St. Louis , 7 , and Juanita Jacques , 5 , from her father 's home . She left for Tampa , driving her 1996 green Dodge Caravan minivan , about 11:30 p.m. in the rain , despite family members ' pleas not to , Chevalier said . She never arrived . Relatives reported her and the children missing , but police had little to go on , he said . "  There was n't anything they could do . They said , ` Wait it out . ' " "  She was about eight months pregnant , " Dinorah Perry told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel in a story published Thursday . Perry runs Missing Children International Ministries in Pembroke Pines , Florida , and campaigned for greater police efforts in the search for Jacques . "  Her father begged her not to drive that car alone . She said , ` Daddy , I 'm grown . ' " The Broward Sheriff 's Office said its divers routinely conduct training exercises to recover vehicles in canals . "  Usually , cars that are stolen , abandoned or dumped for insurance fraud are found , " the police news release said . "  About 1 in 100 vehicles yield human remains . " Detectives collected evidence and processed the scene Wednesday afternoon while divers searched the water for additional remains , authorities said . The minivan was taken to the county medical examiner 's office . Before finding the minivan about 11 a.m. Wednesday , police divers had pulled two other cars out of the water without incident , the release said . While Chevalier said he is brought to tears thinking of his relatives ' last desperate moments in the minivan , he hopes the police investigation turns up no foul play . "  I hope that 's what happened , they got into an accident , " he said .	Nelta Jacques and her two daughters disappeared in June 1999 They were traveling from Fort Lauderdale to Tampa , Florida , on a rainy night Relatives were notified a minivan found in a canal Wednesday was registered to Jacques Relatives said they were providing DNA samples to check against remains found in the van
CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America announced Tuesday it has affirmed its policy of "  not granting membership to open or avowed homosexuals . " The organization 's leaders reached that decision after a nearly two-year evaluation and will take no further action on a resolution that has sought a change in policy , it said in a news release . It had said last month that it would consider a resolution asking that local units be allowed to determine their own standards . BSA 's chief scout executive and national president had convoked a committee of volunteers and professional leaders to evaluate the policy . Boy Scouts to study ban on gay leaders "  The committee 's work and conclusion is that this policy reflects the beliefs and perspectives of the BSA 's members , thereby allowing Scouting to remain focused on its mission and the work it is doing to serve more youth , " the statement said . "  The vast majority of the parents of youth we serve value their right to address issues of same-sex orientation within their family , with spiritual advisers , and at the appropriate time and in the right setting , " said Bob Mazzuca , BSA 's chief scout executive . "  While a majority of our membership agrees with our policy , we fully understand that no single policy will accommodate the many diverse views among our membership or society . " In a prepared statement , the executive committee of the BSA National Executive Board said , "  While not all board members may personally agree with this policy , and may choose a different direction for their own organizations , BSA leadership agrees this is the best policy for the organization and supports it for the BSA . " The deputy executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , Darlene Nipper , issued a statement calling the decision "  deeply disappointing . " "  Once again , officials of the Boy Scouts of America have turned their backs on a chance to demonstrate fairness , exercise sound judgment , and serve as a role model for valuing others , free of bias and prejudice , " she said . "  This is deeply disappointing . Discrimination is never the right policy , period . " The exclusion of openly gay members goes for scoutmasters , too . A 2000 U.S. Supreme Court decision found that a New Jersey law requiring the national organization to readmit an openly gay scoutmaster infringed on the organization 's First Amendment right of expressive association . "  Forcing a group to accept certain members may impair the ability of the group to express those views , and only those views , that it intends to express , " then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote . He added that the decision was not meant to approve or condemn the Scouts ' membership policy . The Boy Scout organization , which celebrated its centennial in 2010 , says it is focused on mentoring 2.8 million young men and helping them develop life skills . Boy Scout den leader dismissed for being a lesbian Opinion : Boy Scouts feel a mother 's wrath Girl Scouts support for transgender kids provokes cookie boycott Are you a Boy Scout , or a former Boy Scout ? How does this make you feel ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	The policy affects "  open or avowed homosexuals " The decision was reached after a nearly two-year evaluation "  This is the best policy for the organization , " a BSA executive committee says The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force calls the decision "  disappointing "
CNN  -- Luxury enthusiasts , rejoice : Louis Vuitton is bringing its upscale sensibilities to the art world . Fondation Louis Vuitton , the philanthropic wing of luxury goods conglomerate LVMH , is opening a 41,441-square-foot art museum in Paris to share its cultural values with the general public . Designed by starchitect Frank Gehry for more than $ 130 million , the building will act as a home for the company 's public and private art collections , as well as a showcase for temporary exhibitions and performances by contemporary artists . In the months following its official public opening on October 27 , the museum 's programming will include commissions inspired by the building 's architecture and retrospective concerts by German electronic band Kraftwerk . Giving back , Louis Vuitton style According to LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault -- whose $ 30 billion fortune makes him France 's richest man -- the Fondation Louis Vuitton is a way for the company to give back to the city . "  It 's  showing that we are very good  citizens  and that we are working not only for profit , but also for something that is transcendent , " he told CNN at the building 's inauguration . To sweeten the deal , LVMH will give the museum and its contents to the city of Paris in 55 years . Louis Vuitton is part of a growing legion of fashion houses lending their names and funds to artistic causes . In 2008 , Italian luxury brand Furla started a foundation to support young Italian artists , and Fondazione Prada has co-produced art works and organized contemporary exhibitions since the nineties . A number of brands , including LVMH-owned Fendi , have also volunteered to finance the restoration of various Roman monuments like modern-day Medici . Working with a starchitect The building itself is as much of a cultural contribution as the art it contains . Gehry , one of the world 's most well-known architects , is famous for designing unconventional cultural centers that draw as much interest as the happenings inside , like his Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao , Spain and Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles . Already referred to as the "  glass bird " and "  the iceberg " by the public , Gehry 's Fondation Louis Vuitton was inspired by classic Parisian glass architecture like the Grand Palais . It is meant to evoke ships and a sense of movement , like wind pushing through sails . Because of its glass covering , the building changes character throughout the day as the light comes and goes . The hard sell But like other non-traditional buildings in Paris -- from the Eiffel Tower in 1889 to I.M. Pei 's glass Louvre Pyramid 100 years later -- Gehry 's building has received a certain amount of back-lash . "  France is a country where , as you know , we have a lot of manifestations , of protests . Each time you do something , people are against , " Arnault said . "  Even for this fantastic building we had to go through a lot of protests before being able to finish it . " However , the Fondation is hopeful that their museum will ascend to landmark status like the controversial buildings that preceded it . At this point , it seems more than possible . If anyone can sell an experience , it 's LVMH . How some whisky lovers are making millions A sneak peek inside London 's most prestigious private homes The life , death and rebirth of Battersea Power Station The all-consuming world of Frieze Art Fair	Luxury conglomerate LVMH has opened Fondation Louis Vuitton , a new contemporary art museum in Paris The building was designed by Frank Gehry for $ 130 million The museum is LVMH 's way of giving back to the city of Paris
CNN  -- A male student at Virginia 's Liberty University was shot and killed early Tuesday by an emergency services officer after an altercation at a women 's dorm , Lynchburg police said . Police and paramedics responded to the residence hall near the main campus at 4:07 a.m. . The victim , who has not been identified pending notification of his family , was shot during a fight with the university officer , police said . It was unclear if the student was armed . Police said that the shooting was an isolated incident and that the campus was open . Lt. David Gearhart said police would release more details later Tuesday . Liberty was founded by the late Jerry Falwell Sr. in 1971 . Penn State student dies in balcony fall	An emergency services officer at the Lynchburg school fatally shoots a male student The unidentified student had a fight with the officer at a women 's dorm
CNN  -- Throughout history they 've been humankind 's most convenient , unwitting and trustworthy scapegoats for missing homework assignments and olfactory mishaps . And now a Massachusetts man is telling cops that if they think he was responsible for his own car sinking to the bottom of a local pond , then they are barking up the wrong tree . When Canton police responded to a 911 call Sunday for a vehicle that had gone into a local pond , the car 's owner -- who police are n't naming -- said it was the doing of Rosie , his 5-month-old German Shepherd puppy . "  Rosie got her leash entangled in the -LSB- gear -RSB- shifter , " Rob Quirk of the Canton Police Department said , repeating the driver 's explanation . "  While -LSB- the dog was -RSB- trying to break free -LSB- the owner -RSB- stated the puppy fell onto the driver 's side floor and hit the accelerator sending the vehicle into the pond . " The man and his dog were both in the Dodge Neon as it floated about 30 yards offshore before it sank , according to Quirk , who said a witness rushed into the pond to help get Rosie safely out of the vehicle after the driver had to untangle things to free himself . "  While this story has a happy ending , " said a Canton police press release , "  we would encourage drivers to keep their pets safely secured in the rear of their vehicle where they can not interfere with operation . " Both man and dog emerged unharmed .	A Massachusetts man says his puppy drove his car into a pond Rosie , a 5-month-old German Shepherd , got her leash entangled in the gear shift Driver and dog emerged wet but unharmed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II unveiled a new medal Wednesday to honor the families of British service personnel killed while serving their country . The Elizabeth Cross may be given to family members of service personnel who have died since 1948 . The Elizabeth Cross will be given to the next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations or as a result of terrorism "  as a mark of national recognition for their loss , " the Defense Ministry said . It is the first time the name of a reigning monarch has been given to a new award since the queen 's father , King George VI , instituted the George Cross in 1940 . That medal recognizes acts of bravery of both civilians and military personnel . The most prestigious medal , the Victoria Cross , was introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856 for acts of gallantry by the armed forces . "  This seems to me a right and proper way of showing our enduring debt to those who are killed while actively protecting what is most dear to us all , " the queen said in a message to the armed forces . "  The solemn dignity which we attach to the names of those who have fallen is deeply ingrained in our national character . As a people , we accord this ultimate sacrifice the highest honor and respect . " The Elizabeth Cross is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath . In the center is the queen 's monogram , EIIR , which stands for Elizabeth II Regina , or Queen Elizabeth II . At each of the four tips of the cross are floral symbols : a rose for England , a thistle for Scotland , a shamrock for Northern Ireland , and a daffodil for Wales . The reverse of the cross will be engraved with the name of the person who died . The name will also be written on a scroll signed by the queen , to be given to family members along with the medal , the Defense Ministry said . The award may be given to family members of all service personnel who have died since 1948 . Charles Mosely , the former editor in chief of Debrett 's , an authority on etiquette , said the Elizabeth Cross is a good way to recognize the sacrifice made by members of the military and their families . "  It seems very praiseworthy and very overdue , " he said . It makes sense for the medal to be named after the reigning monarch , he said , because she is head of the armed forces . "  They have personal allegiance to the sovereign , a personal loyalty , " he said .	Elizabeth Cross for next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations Medal is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath First time name of a reigning monarch has been given to an award since 1940 Most prestigious medal , Victoria Cross , introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856
In unscheduled and unusually personal remarks , President Barack Obama tried Friday to explain why African-Americans were upset about last week 's acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin while lowering expectations for federal charges in the case . "  Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago , " Obama told White House reporters in a surprise appearance at the daily briefing . His remarks , which lasted about 20 minutes , escalated a nationwide debate on the verdict that has prompted protests , including some that turned violent . A Florida jury acquitted Zimmerman last Saturday in Martin 's February 26 , 2012 , shooting death , inciting anger among many who considered the incident racially motivated murder . Obama issued a written statement on Sunday , noting that the jury had spoken and urging calm and reflection . Despite some calls for him to speak about the case , the nation 's first African-American president had made no further public comment until Friday . Speaking without a teleprompter , Obama noted a history of racial disparity in law as well as more nuanced social prejudice that contribute to "  a lot of pain " in the African-American community over the verdict . "  There are very few African-American men in this country who have not had the experience of being followed when they are shopping at a department store . That includes me , " the president said . "  There are probably very few African-American men who have not had the experience of walking across the street and hearing the locks click on the doors of cars . That happens to me - at least before I was a senator , " he continued . Read the full transcript of President Obama 's remarks "  There are very few African-Americans who have not had the experience of getting on an elevator and a woman clutching her purse nervously and holding her breath until she had the chance to get off . That happens often , " he said . Saying he did n't intend to exaggerate those experiences , Obama added that they "  inform how the African-American community interprets what happened one night in Florida . " "  The African-American community is also knowledgeable that there is a history of racial disparities in the application of our criminal laws , everything from the death penalty to enforcement of our drug laws , " he said . "  And that ends up having an impact in terms of how people interpret the case . " African-Americans feel the context of the Martin killing is little known or denied , "  and that all contributes , I think , to a sense that if a white male teen was involved in the same kind of scenario that , from top to bottom , both the outcome and the aftermath might have been different , " Obama said . These cases usually matter for states At the same time , Obama responded to calls by civil rights groups for federal hate crimes charges to be filed against Zimmerman by saying the Florida legal process had reached a verdict . "  Once the jury 's spoken , that 's how our system works , " the president said , later adding that while Attorney General Eric Holder was looking further at the case , those calling for federal charges must "  have some clear expectations here . " In America , law enforcement and the criminal code are "  traditionally done at the state and local levels , not at the federal level , " he said . On Saturday , "  Justice for Trayvon " vigils are scheduled outside federal buildings across the country by Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network . Sharpton called Obama 's remarks Friday "  significant and much needed , " saying in a statement that the president "  set a tone for both direct action and needed dialogue . " Martin 's parents said they were "  deeply honored and moved " that Obama spoke publicly about their son , saying the president 's comments "  give us great strength at this time . " "  Trayvon 's life was cut short , but we hope that his legacy will make our communities a better place for generations to come , " said the statement by Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton . "  We applaud the president 's call to action to bring communities together to encourage an open and difficult dialogue . " However , some conservative commentators criticized Obama for what they called divisiveness by speaking as an African American instead of representing the entire country . Todd Starnes , a Fox News Radio anchor , tweeted "  race-baiter in chief . " Stark contrast : How comments sparked very different reactions Zimmerman 's defense team cited Obama 's courage in addressing the case and its racial context , but said the facts showed their client acted in self-defense and the jury reached the proper verdict . "  While we acknowledge the racial context of the case , we hope that the president was not suggesting that this case fits a pattern of racial disparity , because we strongly contend that it does not , " the lawyers said in a statement . A White House official told CNN Chief White House correspondent Jessica Yellin that Obama decided Thursday night to make his public remarks after watching the reaction to the Zimmerman verdict over the past week . The official , who spoke on condition of not being identified , said Obama talked to friends and family members about the verdict , and told his senior staff he wanted to speak publicly about it . His staff recommended that he make the remarks in the White House briefing room , as opposed to an interview . In his remarks , Obama said demonstrations and other responses to the Zimmerman verdict must be non-violent or they will dishonor what happened to Martin and his family . He outlined possible future steps , calling for the Justice Department , state governors and city mayors to work with law enforcement agencies "  about training at the state and local levels in order to reduce the kind of mistrust in the system that sometimes currently exists . " For example , he noted that racial profiling legislation he pushed as a state senator in Illinois helped police departments think about the issue and act more professionally , which helped build trust with communities they serve . Stand your ground laws Obama also called for reconsideration of "  stand your ground " self-defense laws in Florida and other states , that he said "  may encourage the kinds of altercations and confrontations and tragedies that we saw in the Florida case , rather than diffuse potential altercations . " Sharpton and other civil rights leaders call for abolishing the "  stand your ground " laws . "  If we 're sending a message as a society in our communities that someone who is armed potentially has the right to use those firearms , even if there 's a way for them to exit from a situation , is that really going to be contributing to the kind of peace and security and order that we 'd like to see ? " Obama asked . Protesters stand up to ` stand your ground , ' but laws likely here to stay To supporters of such laws , Obama said they should consider if the right to fight back with a gun would have applied to Martin . "  Do we actually think that he would have been justified in shooting Mr. Zimmerman , who had followed him in a car , because he felt threatened ? " the president said . "  And if the answer to that question is at least ambiguous , then it seems to me that we might want to examine those kinds of laws . " While rejecting any "  grand new federal program , " Obama also called for providing more support for African-American boys and young mans who disproportionately end up in prison or homicide victims . No national conversation However , he rejected calls for him to launch a national conversation on race , saying "  I have n't seen that be particularly productive when , you know , politicians try to organize conversations . " His comment could have been a slap at his own response to the 2009 arrest of African-American university professor Henry Louis Gates by a white police officer responding to a report of a possible burglary at his Boston-area home . After coming under criticism for saying police acted stupidly , Obama later invited the Harvard professor and the arresting officer for a beer at the White House . On Friday , Obama instead endorsed "  soul-searching " discussions in homes , churches and workplaces where people might be more honest about whether they were "  wringing as much bias " out of themselves as possible . "  As difficult and challenging as this whole episode has been for a lot of people , I do n't want us to lose sight that things are getting better , " the president concluded , making a reference to his daughters ' generation . "  It does n't mean we 're in a post-racial society . It does n't mean that racism is eliminated , " he said . "  But , you know , when I talk to Malia and Sasha and I listen to their friends and I see them interact , they 're better than we are . They 're better than we were on these issues . And that 's true in every community that I 've visited all across the country . "	Obama decided Thursday to speak out on the Martin case Zimmerman 's defense team says the verdict was just President Obama explains African American frustration over the Trayvon Martin killing He says demonstrations over the verdict must remain non-violent
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . London , England  VICE  -- According to Britain 's National Fraud Authority , fraud costs British taxpayers an estimated # 30 billion  $ 47 million  every year ; globally , the figure is a staggering $ 3 trillion , an amount larger than the GDPs of the United Kingdom , France , and Canada . In April 2011 , VICE was introduced to Tony Sales , a convicted fraudster and one of Britain 's most successful career criminals . During his career , Sales banked an estimated # 10 million through various financial scams , ultimately spending six rather luxurious years of his life on the lamb . Sales introduced us to a number of players in London 's vast underground fraud network , who tutored us in various scams that , cumulatively , cost every adult in Britain # 621  $ 1,000  a year . A number of those we met were young , working-class men , most in their late teens or early 20s . One young fraudster explained that he first started scamming online to finance his wrestling action figure collection , though when he discovered how easy it was to obtain purloined credit card numbers , he graduated to more expensive items like sneakers , stereo equipment and large grocery orders  which , he claims , are then given to local single mothers  . We were allowed to watch as he plied his trade , but his identity was never known to us and we were blindfolded for the round trip to his apartment . See the rest of UK fraud at VICE.COM We also spent time with a Nigerian underworld figure calling himself Mr. Gold , the purveyor of a strangely ingenious scheme called "  wash , wash . " Gold convinces other criminals -- including , he claims , members of the Irish Republican Army -- that he has obtained large amounts of cash that once belonged to Osama bin Laden . He then charges his victim thousands of pounds to "  wash " the former al Qaeda leader 's "  dirty money , " which has been stained brown for "  reasons of security . " The cleaning fluid , Gold explains , is prohibitively expensive and can only be obtained by bribing military personnel . Despite the absurdity of the scam , he claims it has netted him hundreds of thousands of pounds . How did we gain access to this world ? Well , Tony Sales argues that he is now a reformed fraudster , and hopes that this documentary will demonstrate to the British government that they should employ him to help combat fraud . We wish him all the best .	Fraud in Britain is estimated to cost taxpayers $ 47 million a year VICE meets former and current career criminals for an inside look at how they do it A former fraudster says he 's now reformed and wants to help the government combat fraud
Kim Stevens has a problem that affects tens of millions of Americans . If left untreated , it could lead to the death of someone she loves , someone who 's part of the family . Stevens ' dog Dodger , a black and gray mixed breed , is obese . According to a new study , he 's emblematic of a growing problem . The majority of adult dogs and cats in U.S. homes are overweight or obese , and the problem has gotten worse over the past year , according to the Association for Pet Obesity Prevention . Fifty-three percent of adult dogs and 55 % of cats were classified as overweight or obese by their veterinarians . "  I did n't notice the weight creeping on -- it was like all of a sudden he was just this fat dog , " Stevens said as she and Dodger visited Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park . "  His weight is about 82 pounds right now , and he should be 62 pounds . " That means he needs to lose about a quarter of his weight -- equivalent to a 200-pound person needing to lose 50 pounds . The reason is pretty simple : "  Too much food and not enough exercise , " Stevens said . iReport : ` There is no stopping this fatty ' The Association for Pet Obesity Prevention report shows not only that more pets are overweight , but also that those with the problem "  are getting fatter , " said Ernie Ward , the group 's founder . The annual study , to be released next week and given in advance to CNN , found that 25 % of cats and just more than 21 % of dogs are obese . Both those figures are up slightly from 2010 . About 41 million dogs and 47 million cats are overweight or obese , the study found . A long list of health dangers comes with the excess weight . "  It 's not a matter of if , it 's when " serious complications will strike , said Ward . These can include high blood pressure , "  crippling arthritis , " diabetes and some cancers . "  Their life is shortened by two or 2 1/2 years , " said Ward , a veterinarian in North Carolina . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's Center for Veterinary Medicine , which cites the association 's annual study , said the diseases seen among obese pets "  are eerily similar to those reported for people . " A central part of the problem , the pet obesity group found , is the growing "  fat pet gap : " More and more owners are unaware their pets are overweight . The study found that 22 % of dog owners and 15 % of cat owners characterized their pets as normal weight when the animals were actually overweight or obese . "  In simplest terms , we 've made fat pets the new normal , " said Ward . In many cases , the problem correlates to the obesity epidemic among people , he said . "  This is the sentinel for childhood obesity . When I see dogs who are overweight , I see a child that 's at risk for excess weight , because nobody 's exercising . The kid 's playing video games all day , the dog sits around all day , " and "  everybody 's eating poorly . " Stevens said she needs to shed some weight , too . "  We 'll do it together , " she said . The fact that obesity has struck her dog is particularly telling . Stevens does some work as a dog trainer . "  To have a dog this heavy when you know better ... is embarrassing , " she said . But she has a lot of company . Thirty-nine percent of U.S. households own at least one dog , and 33 % of households own at least one cat , according to the Humane Society of the United States . The pet obesity survey was conducted at 41 veterinary clinics across the country and included evaluations of a sampling of more than 600 animals . "  Over the five years studied , these results have proven to be consistent and increasing at a gradual pace , " the association said . While the obvious advice -- eat less , exercise more -- is the right starting point , there 's more that pet owners should understand , Ward said . iReport : Dog packs on 60 pounds Pet foods these days are "  more calorically dense " than they used to be , yet owners are feeding their pets more , he said . If you 're concerned your pet may be obese , it 's important to work with a veterinarian , and not try to tackle the problem on your own , said Ward . "  Diet is not about starvation or deprivation . It 's about gradual weight loss . " In many cases , carefully measuring food and committing to exercise can do the trick . But more severe cases need more extensive work . iReport : Fat cat makes floors creak That 's what helped Jane Whitehead 's dog , Raleigh . In February 2006 , he weighed a whopping 187 pounds . "  I swear , we did n't overfeed him ! " Whitehead said of Raleigh who , like Dodger , is a rescue dog . "  We would try giving him smaller and smaller portions of his regular food and he kept gaining and kept gaining . " A series of tests found nothing wrong with him , but "  at a certain point when he had become so obese , he could n't exercise at all . We would try to walk him a little bit and he would just stop , " said Whitehead , CFO of a business in Duluth , Georgia . A veterinarian switched him to "  super low-calorie food " and put Raleigh on an underwater treadmill , which he loved . "  He lost enough that he could exercise on his own and go for walks with us . " The energetic Raleigh she loved was back . Within three years , Raleigh had cut his weight in half . There are few truly lost causes , Ward said . And that 's something critical for owners to know . iReport : A real-life Garfield Beth Spiess of San Marcos , Texas , said her sheltie , Daisy , became so obese from over-feeding that she could n't walk , and her previous owners wanted to put her to sleep . The vet refused and gave the dog to a shelter , where Spiess adopted her . Daisy has lost 30 pounds . iReport : Daisy , before and after "  It 's hard to believe she is the same dog , " Spiess told CNN in an iReport , though Daisy still needs pills to help with arthritis caused by the obesity . Cat owners can face more of an uphill climb in trying to get their pets to exercise , Ward said . Stacie Schafer of Brunswick , Ohio , said people often remark that her cat , Sophie -- now nicknamed Meatloaf -- "  is the fattest cat I have ever seen . " Schafer has tried to get Sophie to run around like the other two cats in the home , but Sophie just is n't that interested . "  Cats do n't jog , " Ward said . "  Cats by nature are anaerobic creatures . That means they use sugar as their primary energy source . ... They sprint , they pounce , they leap . " Schafer has tried diet cat food and portion control as well , with little results . Ward recommends families facing trouble work with veterinarians to find ways to bring down the weight . In the end , living a life in which you prioritize healthy eating and exercise for all members of the family , including domesticated furry friends , is the key , he said . That means no more treats -- "  calorie grenades " -- every time your dog does a trick . "  They want reward , praise , affection . We take the easy way out , reach into the cookie jar . " It also means snacking on single-ingredient treats like celery , broccoli and asparagus . And it means moving to stay healthy and stay alive . "  Unless we really get a grip on this very quickly , " said Ward , "  We 're going to see an entire generation of pets that do n't live as long as the pets I had when I was a child . "	The majority of adult dogs and cats are overweight , study finds Part of the problem is the "  fat pet gap " -- owners unaware pets are overweight , group says 39 % of U.S. households own a dog ; 33 % of households own a cat , Humane Society says Raleigh , a dog that topped scales at 187 pounds , cut his weight in half
CNN  -- The current debate over controversial interrogation practices -- tactics that some say constitute torture -- is rooted in the early years of the fight against terrorism and the Iraq war . The photographs from Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq sparked outrage across the globe . After the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States , the Bush administration crafted the legal basis for aggressive interrogation techniques of prisoners and terrorism suspects . The techniques included keeping the prisoner in stress positions for extended periods of time , sleep deprivation , slapping , enclosing the prisoner in a box with insects , and waterboarding , which simulates drowning . Those techniques were detailed in four Bush-era legal memos -- one from 2002 and three from 2005 -- released by the Obama administration last month . The memos concluded that such techniques did not constitute torture and were not illegal . See timeline of events " The Obama administration disagrees . President Obama formally banned the techniques by issuing an executive order requiring that the U.S. Army field manual be used as the guide for terror interrogations . "  I can stand here tonight and say without exception or equivocation that the United States of America does not torture , " he said during an address to a joint session of Congress in February . More than 400 people have been disciplined based on investigations involving detainee abuse , according to Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman . He said the punishments have ranged from prison sentences to demotions and letters of reprimand . "  The policy of the Department of Defense is to treat prisoners humanely , and those who have violated that policy have been investigated and disciplined , " he said . The most notorious of the cases centered on Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . In 2004 , images leaked to the media showed U.S. troops abusing Iraqi prisoners . Some prisoners were stacked atop each other while naked , and others were being threatened by dogs . See disturbing images from Abu Ghraib  discretion advised  " One widely disseminated photograph showed an Iraqi prisoner hooded and wired , as if an electrocution were about to take place . Eleven American soldiers were tried and convicted of Abu Ghraib offenses , and some officers were reprimanded . Some received prison sentences . Janis Karpinski , a brigadier general and commander of the prison during the time the photographs were taken , was demoted to colonel . She was eventually rotated out of Iraq . The prison was shut down in September 2006 . Karpinksi , now retired , said the recent disclosures have validated her earlier claims that she and her troops were following orders and that the abuses at Abu Ghraib were not simply the work of a few "  bad apples , " as once described by then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld . See gallery of key players " "  That is what we have been saying from the very beginning , that , wait a minute , why are you inside pointing the finger at me ? Why are you pointing the fingers at the soldiers here ? There 's a bigger story here , " Karpinski said . "  I was never inside an interrogation room where they were conducting interrogations , but I read the memorandums many times over , " she added . "  Waterboarding is torture . " Other recent disclosures of harsh interrogation tactics have also raised questions . One Bush-era memo -- dated May 30 , 2005 , and recently released by the Obama administration -- said CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects . The technique was used at least 83 times in August 2002 on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah , according to the memo . Interrogators also waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- said to be the mastermind of the September 11 attacks -- 183 times in March 2003 , the memo said . Obama said last week that he felt comfortable releasing the classified memos because the Bush administration acknowledged using some of the practices associated with the memos , and the interrogation techniques were widely reported and have since been banned . "  Withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time , " Obama said in a statement . "  This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States . " However , Obama recently reversed course on the court-ordered release of hundreds of additional images said to show abuse in detention facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq . He argued that the photos could "  inflame anti-American opinion " and have "  a chilling effect " on further investigations of detainee abuse . The photos "  are not particularly sensational , especially when compared to the painful images that we remember from Abu Ghraib , " he said last week . The Obama administration said last month that it would not object to the release of the photos . The images are from more than 60 criminal investigations into detainee abuse between 2001 through 2006 , Pentagon officials said . The release was ordered in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . "  Essentially , by withholding these photographs from public view , the Obama administration is making itself complicit in the Bush administration 's torture policies , " ACLU attorney Amrit Singh said . Bush-era officials , especially former Vice President Dick Cheney , have defended the controversial interrogation tactics , arguing that they helped provide valuable information in the fight against terrorism and other conflicts . "  I know specifically of reports that I read , " Cheney told Fox News last month , "  that lay out what we learned through the interrogation process and what the consequences were for the country . " The Obama administration "  did n't put out the memos that showed the success of the effort , " he said . The memos ' release has added momentum to the debate over whether Bush administration officials ought to be prosecuted for authorizing such policies . Obama said Attorney General Eric Holder would decide whether to investigate Bush administration officials who formed the legal basis for the techniques . The Obama administration has said that CIA interrogators who followed the instructions would not be prosecuted for their work . "  We are going to follow the evidence , follow the law and take that where it leads , " Holder said . "  No one is above the law . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Terry Frieden , Ed Hornick , Jonathan Mann , Mike Mount and Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Recently released Bush-era memos detail controversial interrogation practices The practices were used to interrogate in Iraq and Afghanistan The Obama administration has said some of those practices constitute torture The memos have added to the debate over investigating Bush-era officials
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  The Help , " a movie about the treatment of maids in a Mississippi town during the civil rights era , took top honors at the Screen Actors Guild Awards Sunday night , making it the movie to watch as the Oscar awards approach next month . Viola Davis won the best actress trophy , while Octavia Spencer was given the best supporting actress honor . Both women portrayed maids . "  The Help " also won the best cast ensemble SAG award . Cover story : Is ` The Help ' heroic or stereotyping ? "  The stain of racism and sexism is not just for people of color and women , " Davis said . "  It 's all of our burden , all of us . " Davis ' best actress win seemed to throw the Oscar competition into a frenzy , since she beat Meryl Streep and Michelle Williams , actresses who won Golden Globes two weeks ago . Streep was nominated for her portrayal of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  Iron Lady , " and MIchelle Williams , was nominated for playing movie legend Marilyn Monroe in "  My Week With Marilyn . " Jean Dujardin won the SAG best actor in a film award for his lead role in "  The Artist , " a black-and-white , silent film . The win gives Dujardin an apparent edge against George Clooney and the three other nominees in next month 's Oscar best actor competition . Spencer 's supporting actress SAG award makes her a clear frontrunner for the supporting actress Oscar , considering she also won the Golden Globe . "  These women represent our mothers and grandmothers , " Spencer said , referring to the maids portrayed in "  The Help . " "  By honoring me , you 're honoring them . " Christopher Plummer , 82 , also earned frontrunner status for in the Academy Award best supporting actor competition by winning the SAG honor Sunday night for his role in "  The Beginners . " "  I just can not tell you how much fun I 've had being a member of the world 's second oldest profession , " Plummer said as he accepted his SAG trophy . Hollywood 's awards season neared mid-point Sunday night with the 18th annual Screen Actors Guild honors -- the only industry awards that solely recognize performers . The SAG actor trophies go to both television and film actors , and the winners are chosen by their acting peers . SAG President Ken Howard also used the event to announce the actor union 's board approved a proposal to merge with AFTRA , another acting union , pending approval of their memberships . On the prime-time television side , HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " won for best ensemble cast in a drama series for a second straight year . It was also the second consecutive time for the show 's star Steve Buscemi to win the SAG best actor in a TV drama award his role of Enoch "  Nucky " Thompson . Jessica Lange won the SAG trophy for best actress in a TV drama series for her work in the FX 's "  American Horror Story . " It is her first SAG honor . "  It was a real leap of faith for me to jump into it , but it 's been a wonderful ride , " Lange said of her role as "  Constance . " In the television movie or miniseries categories , best actress award went to Kate Winslet for "  Mildred Pierce . " Paul Giamatti won best actor for his portrayal of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke in "  Too Big To Fail . " "  Modern Family " won the best ensemble cast in a TV comedy series for a second year . iReporter captures some SAG moments Alec Baldwin won SAG 's best actor in a TV comedy series for "  30 Rock , " while 89-year-old Betty White was given the best actress in a comedy award for "  Hot in Cleveland , " which she won last year . "  I do n't think they can read , " White said as she accepted . "  I think they made a terrible mistake . " The show at the Shrine Exposition Center aired on TNT and TBS . Both TNT and TBS are units of Time Warner , the parent company of CNN .	NEW : "  The Help " wins best cast , best actress , best supporting actress at SAG awards NEW : "  Artist " lead Jean Dujardin wins best actor in a film Steve Buscemi 's "  Boardwalk Empire " wins best cast in TV drama series "  Modern Family " wins best TV comedy ensemble for second straight year
CNN  I 've visited Nepal at least half a dozen times over the last decade , and of the more than 100 countries that Save the Children serves , it is undoubtedly one of my favorites . There are the usual things that are said about it -- the stunning landscape , which includes Mount Everest , and the amazing food . But Nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years . In fact , I remember a time just last May when I sat with a group of mothers and their tiny babies as they told me how proud they were that they now understood how important it was to make sure they prioritized breastfeeding and nutritious foods . They spoke of the wonderful future they were now expecting for their children , and they shared with me the big dreams that they had . So you can imagine the indescribable sadness I experienced waking up this morning and seeing the news reports that Nepal had been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934 , when more than 10,000 people were killed . While casualty accounts following the magnitude-7 .8 quake Saturday are still difficult to confirm -- hardly surprising considering that communication lines have been severely disrupted -- estimates we are hearing from the ground are already placing the number lost in the thousands , with the official toll now at around 1,500 expected to keep growing as the hours and days pass . The fact that the epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu , where the majority of Nepal 's citizens reside , makes the situation even more dire . Many of these people live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city . As a result , it is unlikely they even have a home village to go to temporarily for shelter . Housing the scores of newly homeless will be a tall order . It is still quite cold at night in Nepal , so getting these people into shelters quickly will be of the utmost importance . Compounding this very serious problem will be the difficulty in ensuring that those affected have access to clean water in the coming days ; Nepal already had one of the lowest standards of sanitation in the world before the quake . In fact , even getting food to people will be a logistical nightmare , given that the entire country -- which is about the size of Tennessee -- is served by only two main roads , which have likely been badly damaged , if not destroyed . We have been in situations like this before , and know what to do . But time is not on our side -- we have only a few short weeks before the rainy season begins , which will make an already difficult job close to impossible . With that in mind , we have set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children , who are always the most vulnerable in an emergency . We and other relief organizations will be doing everything we can to help get Nepal back on its feet without having to wait for more people to die from diseases that will inevitably come from contaminated water and the like . Only the oldest Nepalese will remember the last major earthquake , so the psychological toll for the majority of the country will be a significant and ongoing concerning for us as we and other agencies launch our response . And while we can rebuild Nepal after this tragedy , it will take time and help . I hope that we can all play a role in making sure that the tremendous gains that have been made in this country that I love so dearly will not have been in vain .	A magnitude-7 .8 earthquake struck near Kathmandu , Nepal Carolyn Miles : Many survivors will have nowhere to go
CNN  -- It started with an overnight flight and a thunderstorm -- it finished with a place at the top end of the leaderboard . Phil Mickelson would dearly love to win the U.S. Open , having finished as runner-up on five occasions , but not even the lure of Merion was enough to keep him away from his daughter 's eighth-grade graduation . The four-time major champion missed the practice rounds on Tuesday and Wednesday to be with daughter Amanda in California before flying through the night on his private jet to Philadelphia . Arriving in Pennsylvania at 4.15 a.m. Thursday morning , Mickelson easily made his 7.11 a.m. tee time and produced his lowest round in the U.S. Open since 1999 -- which came just days before Amanda was born -- with a three-under-par 67 . It gave him the clubhouse lead , and when the rest of the field had finally finished their rounds Friday he had a one-shot advantage over England 's former world No. 1 Luke Donald . "  I loved having an early tee time , " Mickelson , whose round was halted by a lengthy delay due to heavy rain , told reporters . "  I wish we did not have the delay because it made it a long day but the golf course is playing about as easy as it could , but Merion is fighting hard . "  It 's one of the best I 've seen for a U.S. Open . It 's soft but we are having a hard time getting under par . " The 42-year-old also insisted his preparation for the tournament has not been undermined by spending time back in California . "  When I was here the week before I was able to do all the work I needed , the last part was getting my game sharp so being able to do that in nice weather on a good practice facility was advantageous . " A weather break of three hours and 32 minutes meant an inauspicious start to the 113th U.S. Open , being hosted by Merion for the first time in 32 years . The Thursday morning starters managed just 111 minutes of play before torrential rain hit the course and forced play to be suspended . Donald , seeking his first major title , had been four under but dropped two shots in his last three holes after coming back to finish his round Friday . Big-hitting Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts was tied for third after completing a 69 on Friday , alongside Scottish surprise package Russell Knox -- ranked 398th in the world . Former Masters winner Charl Schwartzel shot 70 to be tied for fifth with fellow South African Tim Clark , Americans Jerry Kelly and Rickie Fowler , Australians Jason Day and John Senden plus Swede Peter Hedblom , England 's former world No. 1 Lee Westwood and veteran South Korean K.J. Choi . Defending champion Webb Simpson completed a 71 to be in a big group including 2012 Masters winner Bubba Watson and his U.S. Ryder Cup teammates Dustin Johnson and Steve Stricker -- that trio finished their rounds on Thursday . Australia 's 2013 Masters champion Adam Scott had been tied with Mickelson after 11 holes on Thursday , but carded three bogeys and a double to slump to a 72 . World No. 3 Scott was playing with No. 1 Tiger Woods , who was two over after 10 holes Thursday , and No. 2 Rory McIlroy -- tied for 16th on even par through 11 . Woods , who shrugged off suggestions he had seriously hurt his wrist while hitting out of the rough , added two bogeys and a birdie to sign for a 73 . "  My left arm did n't feel too good on a few shots but overall it was not too bad a round , " he told reporters . "  I missed a load of putts . " McIlroy , the 2011 U.S. Open winner , had the same score after dropping shots at three of his last four holes Friday . Meanwhile , Sergio Garcia revealed he was heckled by "  a couple of guys " during his opening round of 73 . His jibe last month that he would invite Tiger Woods round for "  fried chicken " during the U.S. Open led to an immediate and unreserved apology from the Spaniard , who denied it was racially motivated . Woods took to Twitter to register his disappointment with the remarks , calling them "  wrong , hurtful and clearly inappropriate . " The two men shook hands on Monday and Garcia has sent Woods a note , but he confirmed he had yet to hear from the American . Woods , 37 has not won a major since he won the U.S. Open at Torrey Pines in 2008 where he defeated Rocco Mediate on a playoff while playing with a broken leg . A 15th major victory would take him to within three of all-time record of 18 set by Jack Nicklaus , whose final triumph came at the 1986 Masters at Augusta .	Phil Mickelson opens with three-under 67 in first round of U.S. Open for clubhouse lead Mickelson flew overnight in private jet to make tee time , the weather stopped play for three hours Veteran has one-shot lead over England 's Luke Donald , who completed his round on Friday Top-ranked duo Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy both finish with three-over 73 on Friday
CNN  -- Referee Tom Henning Ovrebo was understood to have been smuggled out of England by police after receiving a number of death threats following his officiating of the Champions League semifinal second leg between Chelsea and Barcelona -- according to the UK Press Association . Tom Henning Ovrebo 's refereeing of the semifinal between Chelsea and Barcelona has proved controversial . British police were said to be so concerned about his safety they changed his hotel before organizing his secret exit while , in Ovrebo 's home city of Oslo , police said they were investigating threats made on the internet . An Oslo police spokesman told PA : "  We are watching closely what is being posted on the internet . Anything we believe would threaten his personal safety will be taken seriously . " Following the reports , Chelsea released a statement making clear they condemned any form of threat against players , officials or supporters . Bad decisions or bad losers ? - join the debate The statement on the club 's Web site confirmed Chelsea would take the strongest action possible against any season ticket holders or members who were proven to have participated in threatening activity , but stressed that no evidence had been received implicating Chelsea fans . Four years ago Swedish referee Anders Frisk retired after receiving death threats following his sending-off of Chelsea striker Didier Drogba in a Champions League game against Barcelona . Chelsea issued a statement condemning the actions of those who had abused Frisk at the time . Meanwhile , controversy still surrounds Chelsea 's exit from this year 's competition , with Ivory Coast striker Drogba confronting referee Henning after the game . However , Chelsea and England captain John Terry felt that Drogba had been justified to act in the way he did . "  I am fully behind Didier Drogba for the way he reacted , " Terry told PA Sport . "  The man wants to win . You can see the passion that he played with during the game and the passion afterwards . " The 28-year-old slammed the Norwegian referee and accused UEFA of making a mistake by appointing Henning to referee the semifinal second leg . Chelsea looked to have set-up a repeat of last year 's Champions League final against Manchester United before Andres Iniesta 93rd minute equaliser saw the Spaniards through on away goals . But it was Henning 's performance that left Terry and his Chelsea team-mates fuming after the Norwegian refused to award Chelsea two spot-kicks in the first half when Florent Malouda and Drogba were both brought down . Then , in the second half , he turned down two handball penalty appeals after Gerard Pique handled as Nicolas Anelka tried to go past him and in the final seconds , after Iniesta 's leveller , Michael Ballack 's shot hit Samuel Eto'o 's arm . Ballack was so incensed he protested alongside the referee for 40 yards before getting a yellow card . CNN 's Pedro Pinto : "  Barcelona deserved to win " - do you agree ? Drogba , who had been substituted in the second half , then confronted the official after the game and received a yellow card for his protest before yelling an obscenity straight at the TV cameras . "  It is difficult when players are so high on emotions after the game and people were saying in the TV studios that we should n't be reacting the way we did , " added Terry . "  That 's impossible after having six or seven decisions go against you at home in front of your own fans . I 've seen them all and two were clear penalties and you do n't get one . How are you supposed to feel ? "  It 's a shambles really . Players dream of playing in these finals but we ca n't through bad refereeing . We get a referee who has refereed 10 Champions League games in his career and for him to be given the semifinal at Stamford Bridge is not good enough . "  Not one player made a mistake over the two legs but we come away with a referee making four or five big errors and now we are out of the competition . Maybe that referee would have been good enough in the group stages of the Champions League but on a big stage , with a big game and big players , he simply was n't good enough . " Drogba has since apologized for his behavior in a statement on Chelsea 's official Web site . "  I was very upset at what happened during the game , but having seen the pictures on TV I accept that I overreacted , " said Drogba . The statement continued : "  I also accept that the language I used did not set a good example for those watching at home , especially children . I regret that in the heat of the moment I let out my incredible frustration and disappointment in this way , and for that I apologize . " Chelsea also released a statement praising Drogba 's apology and claiming his actions were fuelled by frustration . "  Chelsea welcomes Didier 's statement which was made honestly and after reflection . "  We are all acutely aware of the responsibilities that lie with both the club and its players towards setting a good example as role models . "  While it is clear that some of the events last night were regrettable , they occurred only because of the high emotions and frustrations which arose from the disappointment of a controversial defeat in such an important game . "  We made representations to UEFA immediately after the game and we await their comments following a review of the match report . "	Referee Tom Henning Ovrebo believed to have been smuggled out of England Norwegian received death threats after officiating Chelsea v Barcelona semi Chelsea captain John Terry supports Didier Drogba 's reaction after the match Drogba has subsequently apologized for his actions in official club statement
The biennial Dubai Airshow began Sunday with the Gulf region 's major carriers announcing some of the biggest aviation deals in history . There was as much speculation swirling around the size of the orders before the event as there was desert sand outside the nearby Al Maktoum airport . However few predicted that $ 192.3 billion worth of deals for commercial jets  at list prices  would be announced on the first day -- a new record that has outstripped the orders from the entire 2007 airshow . The region 's three big players -- Etihad , Emirates and Qatar Airways -- announced orders for 393 new commercial planes . Boeing and Airbus shared the spoils , with high demand for the 777X , Boeing 's next-generation version of the existing 777 . The Abu Dhabi based airline Etihad was the first to lay down a marker at the event : a $ 25.2 B deal for 56 new wide-bodied Boeing aircraft , including 25 777X planes , 17 of the biggest 777-9X variants and eight of the 777-8X version . "  This order enables us to build upon our achievements , using the next generation of aircraft to support our next generation of development , " said Etihad CEO James Hogan . "  This order is for 2018 out to 2025/2030 . The traffic is there . " Later Hogan trumped his Boeing order with an announcement for 87 Airbus jets worth $ 26.9 B at list price , including 50 A350 aircraft , the twin-aisle competitor of the 777X currently in development . The airline is also set to be the biggest operator of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner , with a new order for 30 of the new planes to add its current deal for 41 of the composite , medium to long-distance jets . But it was Dubai 's Emirates that revealed the largest order with a $ 76B deal for 150 Boeing 777X planes , plus an additional 50 Airbus A380s , worth $ 23 billion , to bring its order of the superjumbo up to 101 . The airline currently operates 39 of the world 's largest commercial jet . Low-cost carrier FlyDubai committed to purchasing 111 Boeing 737 jets worth $ 11.4 B. Doha-based Qatar Airlines added to the impressive figures for Boeing 's 777X with a $ 19B order for 50 of the aircraft . Lufthansa will be the forth "  launch airline " to receive the new model jet when delivery begins from 2020 onwards . It has 34 on order . The aircraft is the latest iteration of the company 's 777 series and will be manufactured with all new composite material wings . With a wingspan of 71 meters , the 777-9X is greater than the 747-800 . "  With around $ 100B worth of orders , this makes it the largest aviation product launch , " said Boeing Chairman and CEO Jim McNeary . "  We look forward to ... continuing to support Dubai 's expansion into a global aviation hub . " Finding room for the new aircraft in Dubai should not be a problem as the Al-Maktoum airport is the city 's second international hub and predicted to be the world 's largest when completed . Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Maktoum was at the show and supportive of the new airport and mega deals . "  We can not operate from one airport with all these planes , " he told CNN 's John Defterios after the Emirate 's announcement . "  The passengers are growing so much and a lot of people are coming and going from here to America , to Europe and Asia . So Emirates has to be strong and so does FlyDubai . " Hogan predicts passenger numbers for Etihad to grow by 14 % annually for the next five years , while Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al-Maktoum , Emirates ' CEO , believes the numbers will come as more countries open up . "  We do n't want anything below double digital growth in passenger numbers , " he said . "  Some countries may be scared  to open up their markets  , but they really have to open up . "	More than $ 160 billion in orders by Gulf airlines agreed in first three hours Boeing and Airbus strike huge deals with region 's big three -- Etihad , Emirates Qatar Airways Emirates signs $ 76B deal with Boeing for 150 of new wide-bodied 777X airliner
CNN  -- Tennis great Jimmy Connors was arrested outside the campus arena where UC Santa Barbara and top-ranked North Carolina were playing a basketball game . Connors was reportedly arrested as he attended a college basketball game in California . The eight-time Grand Slam champion was taken into custody on Friday night after refusing to comply with an order to leave an area near the entrance of the Thunderdome following a confrontation , police said in a statement . A Santa Barbara County jail employee said Connors was booked and released but did not have details . Connors could not immediately be reached for comment on Saturday . Connors is one of the all-time greats of the sport , having been ranked as world number one for five consecutive years in the 1970s . He was also renowned for his fiery temperament on the court as he battled his way to 109 career titles . The 56-year-old returned to the mainstream tennis fold by acting as coach to American number one Andy Roddick , but their two-year relationship ended earlier this year . Connors , who lives in the Santa Barbara area , is an occasional visitor to watch his local college basketball team who were beaten 84-67 by the top-ranked North Carolina . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Tennis star Jimmy Connors arrested after row at basketball game , report AP Connors , 56 , was held outside the campus arena in Santa Barbara , California A Santa Barbara County jail employee said Connors was booked and released
French prosecutors have widened an investigation into former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's alleged participation in a prostitution ring . Authorities said Monday that Lille police will open a preliminary inquiry into acts that allegedly took place in Washington , which they believe could constitute gang rape . "  Following the decision by the examining magistrates , who are in charge of the affair known as the ` Carlton affair , ' they have reason to believe ... pertaining to events which allegedly took place in Washington between December 15 and 18 , 2010 , that there is suspicion of gang rape , " a statement from the Lille prosecutor 's office said . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys issued a statement saying , "  The investigation will establish that Dominique Strauss-Kahn has never committed acts of violence or had any relationship whatsoever without the consent of his partners . " Strauss-Kahn : A reputation battered by sex allegations The French newspaper Liberation reported earlier this month that the allegations stemmed from statements made by two women it describes as "  escort girls , " who were interviewed by Belgian police as part of an investigation into a prostitution ring run out of the Carlton Hotel in Lille , near France 's border with Belgium . According to the newspaper 's account of the depositions , the women said they had accompanied two associates of Strauss-Kahn on a visit to Washington , where they had stayed at the W Hotel . One of them alleged that Strauss-Kahn had used force against her during a sexual encounter at the hotel , despite her protests . The newspaper did not specify how it obtained the statements . CNN could not independently confirm the report . The Metropolitan Police Department in Washington said no sexual assault at the hotel was reported at that time . French law allows authorities to prosecute a French national for a crime committed abroad . In a statement to Agence France Presse , Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys Frédérique Baulieu , Richard Malka and Henri Leclerc said the "  declarations made by these young women are contradictory . " It also said the women 's testimony was disclosed at an "  opportune time , " just before the final round of the French presidential election . Strauss-Kahn lawyers fight against prostitutes claim The prostitution investigation continues a string of sexual allegations against Strauss-Kahn . He has not been convicted of a crime . Strauss-Kahn has been formally warned by French authorities that he is under investigation for "  aggravated pimping " in connection with the prostitution investigation and has been released on 100,000-euro bail . He has pushed back against the accusations , saying he did not know young women at parties he attended were being paid for sex . One of the sex scandals torpedoed his expected run for the French presidency this year . He stepped down from the top job at the International Monetary Fund after the May 2011 incident , in which a New York hotel maid accused him of sexual assault and attempted rape in May . He denied the accusation . Strauss-Kahn countersues maid for at least $ 1 million The case ultimately fell apart after prosecutors decided they could not be sure about the credibility of the alleged victim , despite forensic evidence that showed a sexual encounter had occurred . The maid , Nafissatou Diallo , has since launched a civil action against the former IMF chief , alleging a "  sadistic assault . " This week a judge in New York rejected Strauss-Kahn 's claim of diplomatic immunity . Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape from a young French writer . Tristane Banon filed a complaint , alleging a 2003 attack , though it could not be pursued because of a statute of limitations . He denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France , alleging slander .	Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys say he has never committed an act of violence Prosecutor 's office : The alleged events could constitute "  gang rape " Strauss-Kahn is also under investigation for "  aggravated pimping " The former International Monetary Fund chief has not been convicted of a crime
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- "  How you doin ' darlin ' ? Where you from ? I know there 's a storm that passed through , but we still got ta eat ! " And with a big smile that said "  thanks for the tip ! " the crowd-pleasing trumpet player continued to woo tourists in front of St. Louis Cathedral . It 's just another day in the French Quarter -- but it 's also just days since the first major hurricane hit New Orleans since Katrina . Have no doubt , as far as tourism is concerned , New Orleans is up and running and ready as ever to welcome visitors . Business owners and community leaders say the speedy recovery from Isaac is thanks to smart leadership , strong lines of communication and serious preparation . "  The really great news coming out of this is that everything 's working so well : All the billions spent on the levees and the gates -- it all seems to be working , " said Ti Adelaide Martin , co-proprietor of restaurant icon Commander 's Palace , located in the city 's Garden District . Martin is n't complaining too much about the power outage and the physical damage from Isaac . She 's not happy about losing a week 's business , but she says there 's not even enough damage to bother her insurance agent this time around . How a New Orleans native rides out a storm "  I 'm gon na have to take the hit myself -- and I 'm the happiest girl in town about that , " she laughed . "  After Katrina we were closed for 13 months and it was 6Â 1/2 million dollars to get back open again . " In addition to keeping more detailed records on employees , including cell phones and home addresses , Martin said Commander 's also has an internal website for companywide communication in case of emergency and generators to keep the 10,000-plus bottle wine cellar functioning in case of a loss of power . That was n't the case in 2005 , when about 7,500 bottles were shipped out of town before the storm hit . Since Katrina , the company has also set up a way to process its payroll remotely . Post-Isaac diners at Commander 's may see an abbreviated menu at first , because some items , such as turtle soup , involve preparation that can take a few days to perfect . But in fairly short order , "  you wo n't even know there 's been a storm , " said Martin . Storm evidence was easier to see at Mardi Gras World on the riverfront , where a plate glass window was blown out and parts of the roof were damaged or blown away . But President and CEO Barry Kern is confident that damages from Isaac will be repaired soon . Mardi Gras World produces the colorful floats that fill the streets of New Orleans during that revered holiday -- and those floats are pulled with the help of generators -- a fact that bodes well for the company during a hurricane . After Katrina those generators were being used "  anywhere and everywhere " said Kern , including by police and fire stations . This time , the 130 generators were ready for double duty , but only a few had to be sent out to help other locations that lost power . "  We deal with these storms the way they deal with snowstorms and earthquakes in other parts of the country , " said Kern , pointing out that none of downtown , the French Quarter or the museum and arts district suffered power outages from Isaac . The tourism business has been "  spectacular " this year and Isaac is a "  blip on the screen , " he said . "  New Orleans moves to the beat of its own drummer . There are more restaurants and more tourist attractions and more venues for parties and events than we 've ever had in the city of New Orleans , " Kern said . Open since 1932 , Mardi Gras World and Kern Studios have seen plenty of hurricanes . Teamwork has always been key to recovery . "  I have guys here who are artists , who are up on the roof helping the roof get patched , " said Kern , whose company also produces elaborate floats for parades around the world . "  The fact that we 're already up and operating says a lot . The storm was on Wednesday and we 're open for business on Friday . That 's pretty darn good ! " Business as usual is also the mantra at another New Orleans dining institution , Galatoire 's on Bourbon Street . "  It lasted a day longer than we thought it would , " said President and CEO Melvin Rodrigue , but he said they 're expecting a good crowd and there are "  considerable " reservations for the Labor Day weekend . Friday lunchtime at Galatoire 's generally means a packed house , but on the Friday after the storm , there was a rare sighting at Galatoire 's : empty tables . One regular customer , Brobson Lutz , said that those empty tables were an indication that "  the word 's obviously not gotten out yet ! Normally the roar of the crowd here is louder than the roar of a hurricane , " he said . Rodrigue , who is also chairman of the board of the city 's convention center , said that Labor Day weekend is n't really a big deal in the big picture of New Orleans tourism . He called Labor Day a "  line in the sand " that takes the city out of the slower summer season and into the more intense time of year for visitors . "  We 're getting ready for a busy , bustling season come the middle to the end of September . " In terms of numbers , 2012 could break a key record for New Orleans : there 's "  a distinct possibility " that visitor numbers will reach pre-Katrina numbers for the first time , Rodrigue said . The city saw 10.1 million visitors in 2004 , he said . "  We 're going to get close to that 10 million mark again , if we do n't exceed it . " Another positive indicator is a 57 percent occupancy rate at the convention center . By comparison , the rate was 44 percent in 2004 , pre-Katrina , and 47 percent in 2011 . "  We broke 50 percent occupancy three out of the last four years , " which is a sign of excellent convention bookings , he said . A short walk away from Galatoire 's , J.C. Joseph at the One Sun Art Gallery on Royal Street was busy preparing to re-hang paintings on the yellow and brick walls in his long entrance hallway . "  This is usually filled with paintings , " he said . He took them all down in preparation for the storm , but then faced another challenge : the man who was supposed to come in and help him hang them back up was stranded on the other side of the Mississippi in a home with no power . But Joseph is optimistic about the future and has no doubt the tourists will keep coming , not only the usual visitors seeking New Orleans music and culture , but also the growing numbers of travelers who arrive via cruise ship , adding yet another set of faces to the NOLA tourism crowd . At Kako Gallery , also on Royal Street , Catherine Coe says she was happy to come to work because there 's air conditioning -- unlike at her home , where power has yet to be restored . In Jackson Square , the tourists , the colorful characters and the music were out in full force . Derrick Richardson is stationed at the Air Force Base in Shreveport , Louisiana , but he 's on leave this week and was touring New Orleans for the very first time . "  I 've never been here . So the fun part is seeing all this  he motions toward the band playing nearby and a gold-painted mime "  frozen " on the corner  , but then also seeing all of the crazy clean-up going on too at the same time . We were watching the weather closely and I did n't think we were gon na be able to do this . " But Richardson 's leave was approved Thursday and he made the trip down with no problems . His friend Brooke Garner says the "  normal New Orleans attitude " is going strong and she 's excited to show him all the hot spots in the Quarter . "  We 've been walking down Bourbon Street and later I 'm going to take him to get his first beignet , " she said , right before they popped inside St. Louis Cathedral . Ti Adelaide Martin is expecting "  one heck of a great fall " -- and winter , with the Super Bowl coming back to the Big Easy for the first time since 2002 . "  And by the way , we only need one team to fly in for that , " she said , "  because we 've got the other one  the Saints  in town . "	Businesses hit hard by Katrina are breathing a sigh of relief Some business owners in tourist areas are repairing relatively minor damage Isaac is "  a blip on the screen " of a great year for tourism , one owner says
CNN  -- Wildlife photographer David "  Baz " Jenkins seems to have a knack for photographing great white sharks . His website is filled with pictures of the fearsome predators leaping from the sea and devouring seals . But a photo Jenkins took during a July shark-watching cruise in South Africa is garnering the Irish photographer so much attention that his website was having trouble keeping up Wednesday after numerous media outlets published his shots . One photo shows a seal seemingly balanced on the tip of the rising shark 's mouth , moments away from becoming a meal . Later photos in the series show the seal twisting away and escaping as the giant shark 's jaws snap shut . "  This seal was one lucky pup , " Jenkins told Caters News Agency . The seal was among a group returning to Seal Island off the coast of Cape Town , South Africa , after feeding when the shark struck , he said . "  The breaching sharks are amazing , the speed and agility just takes your breath away as they can explode from below without warning , " he told Caters . New legless lizards found in California Rocket frog takes a flying leap into space	Photographer captures seal balancing on shark 's nose "  This seal was one lucky pup , " David "  Baz " Jenkins tells Caters News Agency Jenkins ' website struggled to keep up after media picked up on the image
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A Yemeni man injured in protests at Sanaa University died of his wounds early Wednesday morning , a medical official said . Mohamed Ali Mutlak , 24 , was among dozens of anti-government demonstrators wounded Tuesday when security forces fired into the air and shot tear gas into a crowd of tens of thousands of protesters who had massed in front of Sanaa University , witnesses said . Eight of them were still in critical condition , said Dr. Waseem Qurashi , head of the medical department at Change Square , Sanaa University . According to witness Ala'a Al-Khowlani , at least 40 anti-government demonstrators were wounded and at least one of them was in critical condition . Other witnesses put the number of wounded as high as 67 . Protests took place across the country Wednesday , witnesses said , but there was no word of violence . Tens of thousands of anti-government demonstrators were outside Sanaa University . In Taiz , tens of thousands of protesters continued their sit-in protest , calling for Saleh 's ouster . Thousands were also in the streets of Ibb , Aden , Hodeidah , and Dhamar . However , the recent casualties drew condemnation . Amnesty International on Wednesday urged Yemeni authorities to "  end deadly night raids and other attacks on protests . " "  This is the second time in three weeks that protesters have been killed in late night raids by the security forces in the capital , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  These disturbing heavy-handed tactics used with lethal effect against protesters must stop immediately . People must be allowed to assemble and protest in peace . " Amnesty said about 30 people have reportedly been killed in Yemen in the "  ongoing unrest which began early last month . " Mohammed Abulahoum , a senior government official , Wednesday condemned "  the acts of violence used by the police and the military last night against civilian protesters outside the university . "  There was no need for that force . This will only escalate the tension between both sides , " he added . He also rejected the official government explanation that tribesmen had tried to sneak arms into a no-weapons zone . "  They had no arms with them and they had no intention of using arms , " Abulahoum charged , saying he knows those tribesmen . Yaser Al-Hasani , one of the demonstrators , said security forces cracked down after students defied their orders not to take food and blankets into the protest area outside the gates of the university . The supplies were intended for the thousands of anti-government demonstrators who have camped out calling for Saleh to step down . In a statement e-mailed to reporters , the government blamed the violence on people who had tried to sneak weapons into a "  weapon-free area " outside the university , then resisted arrest . "  The suspects resisted arrest and soon thereafter a gun fight broke out , injuring dozens of suspected militants , policemen and innocent bystanders , " a government statement said . "  Panic from the shootings set off a raging stampede in the area . There is no official confirmation on casualties at this point . " The government said early Wednesday that the situation was under control and that the Interior Ministry would investigate the incident . Yemen 's anti-government demonstrations are unfolding in a nation wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing and impoverished young population . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Saleh , who has refused to step down , has said he will not run again for the presidency in the next election . CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report	NEW : Protests took place at locations across Yemen Wednesday A senior government official condemns the crackdown and rejects the official explanation Mohamed Ali Mutlak , 24 , was critically injured Tuesday and died early Wednesday , a doctor says Eight other people are still in critical condition , Dr. Waseem Qurashi says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A woman blinded in an acid attack seven years ago said Sunday she stopped the "  eye for an eye " punishment for her attacker because "  such revenge is not worth it . " A physician was to drop acid -- under legal supervision -- into the eyes of Majid Movahedi on Sunday , according to Fars News Agency , to punish him for throwing acid in Bahrami 's face . The act disfigured her face and blinded her . "  I never intended to allow Majid to be blinded , " Ameneh Bahrami told CNN . " ... Each of us , individually , must try and treat others with respect and kindness in order to have a better society . " Bahrami stopped the punishment minutes before it was carried out , she said , adding that Movahedi already had been given anesthetic . She said two men were instrumental in bringing about her change of heart : a doctor at a clinic in Spain and Amir Sabouri , an Iranian who helped her get medical attention . Sabouri told her to forgive Movahedi and prove to the world that Iranians are kind and forgiving , she said . However , she said Movahedi is unrepentant and has been rude to her , even after she halted his punishment . . This week marks the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan in the Islamic world , and pardons and commuted sentences commonly occur as a show of compassion leading into the holiday . An Iranian court convicted Movahedi in 2008 of pouring a bucket of acid on Bahrami , after she had rejected his unwanted advances for two years . Bahrami had demanded at the time that the court sentence the man to suffer the same fate he had inflicted upon her , and the court agreed , citing provisions in Islamic law . The sentence was to be carried out in May 2011 , but a court postponed it after Amnesty International protested against it on the grounds of cruelty . Restitution in such cases is about $ 200,000 , Bahrami said , but the law dictates she should only receive half of that because she is a woman . She argued the issue with the judge , she said , and he told her to speak with lawmakers and convince them to change the law . She said Sunday she has asked for a meeting with lawmakers and expects to talk with them in the future . She said she intends to collect and use the money for her medical treatment . She said Movahedi does not have the money , and she has asked authorities to keep him in jail until he pays her . Bahrami says she first met Movahedi in 2002 when they attended the same school . She was a 24-year-old electronics student . He was 19 . She never noticed him until he sat next to her in class and brushed up against her . Bahrami says she knew it was n't an accident . "  I moved away from him , " she said , "  but he brushed up against me again . " Bahrami said that over the next two years , Movahedi harassed her and made threats , even asking her to marry him . "  He told me he would kill me . He said , ` You have to say yes . ' " On a November afternoon in 2004 , his threats turned to violence when he followed her from the medical engineering company where she worked . As she walked to the bus stop , she sensed someone behind her . She turned around and was startled to see Movahedi , who threw something over her . What felt like fire on her face was acid searing through her skin . "  I was just yelling , ` I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! For God 's sake , somebody help me , ' " she said . The acid seeped into her eyes , and streamed down her face into her mouth . When she covered her face with her hands , streaks of acid ran down her fingers and onto her forearms . She said Sunday that she does not expect others to follow her example of forgiveness , but noted that if they do , "  it would prove that they are great human beings . " She has published a book in Germany , and said she is now trying to write a book in Persian about her ordeal and women in Iranian society . "  I will be personally responsible for naming names and will answer for it , " she said . In 2009 , Bahrami told CNN that she had undergone more than a dozen surgeries on her badly scarred face , but still imagined that in the future she would have a wedding day . "  I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown , and why not ? " she said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	NEW : Ameneh Bahrami says she "  never intended " to have her attacker blinded NEW : She is fighting for the full amount she is owed as restitution A court convicted Majid Movahedi of the acid attack in 2008 Movahedi carried out the attack after the victim had rejected his advances for two years
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  She was lovely , her name was Sylvia , and that 's how the dream started . " At the age of ten , Frankie Dettori rides his first public race on the back of Sylvia : "  She was lovely . " Sylvia was the beloved , blonde-maned pony who carried a young Frankie Dettori past the post in his first public race . Her picture is now carefully filed away in the vast library of Dettori family photos . The date 's embossed on the leather album cover : June 17 , 1981 . He was ten . They came last . Frankie Dettori has come a long way since following the pack as a schoolboy in a bright yellow and blue helmet and a red striped shirt at home in Sardinia . He has won every major racing title . His new home in Newmarket -- near the famous British racetrack -- is crammed with trophies from almost three thousand wins . Now in the twilight of his career , Dettori could be forgiven for bathing in the shimmering light of the hundreds of shiny silver trophies lined up in a row of glass-fronted cabinets . But this jockey has his eyes firmly forward . "  When I look at this it 's the past , and I 'm looking at the future , " he says , "  This is what I 've managed to accumulate in my life and it might mean something to me when I retire but right now I 'm just looking to put some more things in . " At the starting gates Frankie Dettori was just 14 when his father , a successful jockey himself , sent his only son to Britain to learn the art of racing . He became an apprentice to Ray Cochrane , a stable jockey to Luca Cumani , one of Britain 's leading trainers . "  He arrived , a scruffy kid who could n't speak a great deal of English , with a big pair of wellies and we 've been friends ever since , " Cochrane remembers . Frankie Dettori learnt quickly and eventually took Cochrane 's job , "  he did n't take it , I vacated that position so he could have it , " corrects Cochrane . His former boss is now Dettori 's agent . "  It 's a lot harder than I thought it was going to be . We get enquiries from all over the world , " he says . "  He does n't want to be riding every day because there 's so much old tosh running every day -- he does n't need to be involved in that . " At the races Dettori 's first big win came in 1989 on the back of "  Mark of Distinction , " but it was n't until 1996 that his name leapt from the racing pages to headlines around the world . On one day in September , he won seven races from seven starts against odds of 25,095 to one . "  It 's something that I 'm proud of because I 'm the first man to do it , " Dettori says . read more about Frankie 's magnificent seven Until June 2 , 2007 , only one major title had eluded the irrepressible jockey . "  It took me 15 years to win the Derby . " Dettori says , of the race that 's considered one of the highlights of the British racing calendar . "  I was so nervous and excited and I would like to go back and win it again to enjoy it more , " he adds . Nick Smith of Ascot talks about the day Frankie won the Derby " A crashing halt Almost to the day , seven years earlier , Frankie Dettori came close to losing it all . He and Ray Cochrane were the only passengers in a light plane when it crashed shortly after takeoff near the Newmarket racecourse on June 1 , 2000 . The pilot , Patrick Mackey , died . "  The only thing I remember is opening my eyes and staring at the engines on fire . Was this the other side ? I could n't figure it out , " Dettori recalls . Ray Cochrane pulled him from the plane seconds before it exploded . "  It was all crashed in on top of Frankie and he was all covered in blood , " Cochrane remembers . "  I just pushed the back door open and got him out of that there ... It was a horrendous day . It would have been nice if everyone had got out but unfortunately they did n't . " Dettori underwent surgery for a broken ankle and returned to the track just ten weeks later . Rather than make him more reticent in the saddle , the accident made him more determined to win . "  I enjoy life to the full , every moment , occasion , " Dettori says . "  Friends , family , jobs , I try to live it like it 's my last time . " Off the track Away from the racecourse , Frankie Dettori likes to spend as much time as he can with his wife Catherine and children Leo , Ella , Mia , Tallulah and Rocco . "  When I sometimes take the kids to school , or when I take them anywhere , and I realize I 've got five children , I really say to myself ` what have I done ? ' " "  You have good days and bad days in life and when you come home to five lovely children and they 've all got a story to tell you , I think ` this is what life is all about . ' " Frankie 's other love is food . It 's an obsession borne of his Italian heritage and the constant pressure to meet the strict weight targets demanded by his profession . Catherine is accustomed to living with her husband 's mood swings when he 's surviving on one meal a day and exercising in plastic suits to lose the pounds . It 's a process they call "  wasting . " "  It 's on his mind every day all day . He weighs himself in the middle of the night and I hear the scales tick , " she says . Catherine Dettori tells Revealed about life with the jockey Frankie 's manager Ray Cochrane knows how hard the experience can be . "  You can imagine being on a diet for eleven months of the year . After you 've lost the first stone and a half , then you 've got to drop another ten pounds . Maybe lose about four or five pounds daily . " It 's especially hard for a man who admits he has a sweet tooth -- "  I might nick the children 's chocolate or a cup of tea " -- and often succumbs to temptation . "  I am victim of a slice of pizza from time to time . I really like it . " Dettori likes it so much that he teamed up with Michelin-starred chef and restaurateur Marco Pierre White to open a chain of family-friendly Italian restaurants . "  Frankie 's " first opened its doors in Knightsbridge , London in September , 2004 . Now there are six worldwide , in London , Shanghai and Dubai . "  What 's important about Frankie is that firstly he loves food , and second he loves that world , that environment , " says Marco Pierre White . "  As a young boy , Frankie gave himself two choices : jockey or chef . He chose to be a jockey because he felt he was too small to be a chef , but it 's a natural environment to be involved in . " For now , Frankie Dettori 's ambitions still lie on the racecourse . "  First and foremost I 'm a jockey and that 's what I do best , " he says . "  When I perhaps stop my racing career then I can pursue this business a little bit further but at this stage I need to concentrate on my racing because that 's what I 'm good at . " Few could argue with that . E-mail to a friend	Superstar jockey Frankie Dettori rode first public race on "  Sylvia " , aged 10 Father sent him to Britain to work as an apprentice for trainers Luca Cumani Famed sealed with "  Magnificent 7 " victory at Ascot , September 1996 Fought back after plane crash to win all major races , including Derby in 2007
CNN  -- William Spengler had killed before . The first time , presumably , was in 1980 . Then about 40 years old , Spengler struck his grandmother with a hammer . A year later , he was convicted of first-degree manslaughter in her death . Flash forward to before dawn Monday , in Webster , New York , a town of about 43,000 people located 10 miles east of Rochester . That 's when and where , Police Chief Gerald Pickering said , Spengler presumably set his and his sister 's home ablaze , lugged weapons up a hill , then waited . When local firefighters arrived at the scene , Spengler fired and killed again . ` Chaos ' : Gunman ambushes , kills 2 firefighters Authorities have n't given a motive for the latest violence , which left two firefighters dead and two other firefighters and an off-duty police officer from a nearby town wounded . And they ca n't ask the shooter , who was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head around 11 a.m. , about six hours after first calls about the fire came in . But the Webster police chief has his own idea about why this happened . "  Just looking at the history , obviously this is an individual who had a lot of problems , to kill his grandmother , " Pickering said . "  And I 'm sure there were ... mental health issues involved . " After his 1981 manslaughter conviction , Spengler was given an indeterminate sentence , said Monroe County District Attorney Sandra Doorley . He ended up spending nearly 18 years behind bars until his release in 1998 . Through 2006 , Spengler was on supervised parole , during which time Doorley said she was n't aware of any events suggesting he had gotten into further trouble . Nor , Pickering said , had police had any "  contact with him criminally " in the recent past . Until Monday . By then , Spengler was living in a home in Webster , likely with his sister , who was still unaccounted for Monday afternoon . Their mother had died sometime in the past year , according to Pickering . He 'd accumulated weapons , bringing "  several different types " with him before the shootings , the police chief said . It is not known how he obtained these firearms , but ex-felons are not allowed to possess weapons . But because Spengler had them , two families are in mourning . Many of his former neighbors are homeless , because having a gunman on the loose slowed fire crews ' efforts to corral a blaze that eventually destroyed seven homes . "  It 's Christmas Eve . This is a day where people are getting together to celebrate a holiday , " Lt. Gov. Bob Duffy told reporters in Webster . "  This tragedy is just unthinkable and unspeakable . "	William Spengler killed his grandmother with a hammer in 1980 He spent about 18 years in prison and eight more on supervised parole Law enforcement authorities do n't know of any problems since his release On Monday , Spengler , 62 , set a fire then ambushed and killed two firefighters
AMSTERDAM , Netherlands  CNN  -- Investigators are trying to determine what caused the crash of an airplane with a good safety record , flown by a well-respected airline , at one of the world 's most modern airports . One of the casualties is taken from the crash site . At least nine people were killed and 55 injured when the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 crashed Wednesday in a field near Amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three parts , officials said . It is too early to determine the cause of the crash but the flight data and voice recorders have been recovered , said Michel Bezuijen , acting mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality , which is home to Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport . He said investigators still need to determine what , if anything , the pilots said in the moments before the crash . The injured included both crew and passengers , he said . The names of the dead and injured will not be released before Thursday , Bezuijen said . "  It will take more time . Probably tomorrow afternoon we can tell you about the identity of the victims , including the fatalities , " he said . Another official said earlier that both pilots and an apprentice pilot are among the dead . "  There are still three crew members in the cabin , " said Bob Steensma of the Dutch Justice Department . "  I 'm sorry to say they are dead . We leave them there because we have to investigate the cockpit before we take the cockpit apart . " Turkish Airlines said earlier the plane was carrying 134 people -- 127 passengers and seven crew members . Six people were critically injured , Ineke Van Der Zande of Amsterdam Emergency Services told reporters at a briefing . Watch aerials from the crash site " Twenty-five passengers were severely injured , she said , and 24 were lightly injured . Some 60 ambulances transported 84 people to 11 hospitals throughout the region , she said . There was no word on injuries to the others who were transported . Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , according to RTL journalist Greg Crouch . The plane broken into three pieces . One break was in front of the wing , splitting the "  Turkish " logo in two , and a larger break was farther back along the fuselage . Most of the injured were seated toward the back of the plane , which sustained the most damage , a passenger on the plane told Turkish station NTV . Many of the passengers simply walked off the plane through the cracks in the fuselage , witnesses said . A passenger on the plane who spoke to Turkish network DHA said he saw injured people trapped and squeezed between the seats when he walked out . iReport : Send your videos , stories Flight 1951 was arriving at Schiphol from Istanbul , Turkey , when it went down around 10:40 a.m.  4:40 a.m. ET  . It came to rest in a farmer 's field about 500 yards short of the runway , near the major A9 highway . Crouch said the weather at the time was partly sunny with no wind or rain . No fire broke out after the crash , Bezuijen said . Watch how Twitter was first to report the crash " A bank manager who was a passenger on the plane told NTV that there were no emergency announcements . The crew 's last word to the cabin was an announcement to fasten their seat belts and prepare for landing , the bank manager said . He said he felt the pilot giving more power to the engines before feeling "  turbulence , " then a sudden drop . He described the crash as similar to a sudden impact that was over in a matter of seconds . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team of investigators to Amsterdam to assist in the crash investigation . The Boeing 737-800 is a reliable aircraft that has been successful and safe in service , said aviation expert Kieran Daly of Air Transport Intelligence . "  They really are pretty much state-of-the-art airlines with every imaginable technical benefit the industry has come up with over the years , " Daly told CNN . "  You would be optimistic that they would be quite survivable in an accident . " Daly said Turkish Airlines , a national carrier , has a "  very good record . " Turkish Airlines said it has 52 Boeing 737-800s in its fleet . They can carry as many as 165 passengers each , it said . Before Wednesday , the airline 's last accident was of a small commuter jet in 2003 , Daly said . It was a fatal crash that happened at a remote airfield in southeastern Turkey , he said . "  Their mainline operation is safe , " Daly said . "  Their pilots are well thought of . " Worldwide , there have been two fatal commercial airline crashes this year . The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff . Three of the 24 passengers and crew members on board were killed . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report	Mayor says too early to determine cause of Wednesday 's plane crash Investigators find data and voice recorders from Turkish Airlines Boeing 737 At least nine of the 134 people on board died ; 55 wounded ; six critical Accident involved respected airline and modern airport in good weather
CNN  -- What would you do if you were Vladimir Putin ? What would you do if you were a Russian citizen ? Russia 's economic problems -- slowly incubating in recent months -- are about to get a lot worse . And that should make all of us nervous . The stomach-turning free fall of the ruble , the Russian currency , revealed the impending crisis . It may seem like a matter of economics , but at this level it is about politics , and when it comes to Putin , politics does not stop at the Russian border . Putin will try to blame Russia 's problems on the West . He will work to bolster support at home , rally the public by making Russians feel besieged by the outside world , mostly by the United States and its NATO allies . That could end up creating even more dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington , between Russia and the West . And Putin has shown he is not afraid of using every instrument of power , including his military forces , to achieve his goals . The walls are closing in on Putin 's Russia . The spectacular collapse in global oil prices has led to an even more dramatic crumbling of the Russian currency , all of it coming at the same time as economic sanctions the West had imposed after Putin 's forces captured Crimea , legally part of Ukraine , and stoked a separatist war between pro-Russian Ukrainians and the central government in Kiev . In his annual speech to the nation this month , Putin told Russians that the West is determined to keep Russia from becoming strong , that Ukraine was not the real reason for the sanctions . "  If none of that  Ukraine  had ever happened , " he said , "  they would have come up with some other excuse to try to contain Russia 's growing capabilities . " He described it as a historical pattern the West repeats "  whenever someone thinks that Russia has become too strong or independent . " For now , the strategy , which includes suppressing any critical media and quieting critics , is working . Polls show Putin 's approval ratings at stratospheric levels . But that was before the price of oil collapsed and the ruble went into a downward spiral . Even if he can keep strong popular support , Putin has to worry most of all about keeping happy the oligarchs , the wealthy Russians who back him in exchange for continued prosperity . Economic sanctions and a shrinking economy will not make them happy . The severity of the current crisis became apparent by Tuesday . The ruble had lost nearly 20 % in just one day . So the Central Bank , Russia 's version of the Federal Reserve , held an emergency meeting and raised interest rates to 17 % from 10.5 % . The move was meant to strengthen the ruble , to keep people from selling . Wealthy Russians have taken more than $ 125 billion out of the country , and slashed oil earnings mean there are less export earnings to convert into rubles . The rate hike has n't appeared to work . But even if it does , that neck-snapping hike will make it hard for the economy to breathe . Once again , the Russia people will go through wrenching economic hardship because their leaders are following foolish , grandiose policies . Only recently authorities had predicted a mild recession for next year . That is all changing now . Instead of the original government forecast of a 0.8 % decline , the Central Bank said that if oil stays under $ 60 a barrel , the economy could contract more than 4.5 % . That is a deep and painful recession . Living standards are now sure to slide . For Putin , strong oil and gas export earnings have provided political power . Popularity came from rising living standards . It was less than a year ago when , flush with cash , Putin staged his triumphant Winter Olympic Games in Sochi . He spent $ 50 billion to dazzle the world and show the Russia people that under his leadership Russia was a global power . But before the Olympic flame flickered out fires were already raging in Ukraine . Then came the invasion of Crimea , economic sanctions , and now this , the most painful cut of oil . Sanctions , which were meant to loosen Putin 's grip on eastern Ukraine , are now not the main problem for the Russian leader . If he relented to Western demands , he would still have a recession on his hands . A cornered Putin could prove dangerous , as Russia 's neighbors know well . Sweden 's defense minister went on TV a few days ago to announce new military readiness measures in response to Russia 's military maneuvers . The Baltic states , whose NATO membership commits the United States and others to intervene in their defense , worry Russia may make a move in their territory . Russian agents captured an Estonian official a few months ago . The Baltics -- Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia -- have fresh memories of being annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940 . Moscow 's military muscle-flexing has not been limited to border states . Britain 's Royal Air Force has intercepted several Russian bombers as they neared UK airspace . Norway , too , has intercepted Russian bombers . NATO says it has intercepted more than 100 Russian aircraft since the crisis over Ukraine started . Would Putin start a new military crisis to fuel nationalistic fervor and thus protect himself from the backlash of economic troubles at home ? Recent rhetoric indicates that would be a preferred tactic . But polls show the Russian people are wavering . Russian support for a military presence in Ukraine has dropped from 74 % to 23 % , according to The Economist . That 's the first sign of a majority of Russians doubting , if not in any way turning against their President for now . Putin has no good , easy choices . That should give the rest of the world reason to be nervous .	The ruble dropped nearly 20 % in one day , signaling an economic crisis for Russia Frida Ghitis : Vladimir Putin will try to blame Russia 's problems on the West She says Putin has strong approval ratings but Russians will likely face recession Ghitis : Will he start a new military crisis to divert from the backlash of economic woes ?
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fighters loyal to Libya 's new leaders say they have "  reached the final stages of the fight " to take control of former leader Moammar Gadhafi 's hometown . About 10 people were killed and more than 100 injured in the fighting overnight , said Al Zubair Al Kadi , a field commander on the frontline in Sirte , on Sunday . Troops loyal to the National Transitional Council also entered the pro-Gadhafi stronghold of Bani Walid for the first time on Sunday , said Abdulla Kenshill , an NTC spokesman there . NTC forces "  liberated " nearby the villages of Teninai and Shuwaikh overnight , and advanced to within a kilometer  about three-fifths of a mile  of Bani Walid 's main market , he said . They also took control of the airport in the southwest of the city , he said . Five fighters were badly injured , he added . In Gadhafi 's hometown , NTC fighters "  took over Sirte University last night and all the residential buildings around it , including the student dormitories , " Al Kadi said . Troops loyal to the National Transitional Council "  caught many African mercenaries , mostly from Mauritania , while our men were combing the buildings for snipers , " he said . At least one hospital held out but fell to the new authorities on Sunday , he said . "  Our fighters now have full control of the Ibn Sina main hospital in Sirte after fierce clashes , " he said , adding that 17 pro-Gadhafi fighters had been captured . "  You can say that we have reached the final stages of the fight , " he said before the hospital was taken . The fall of Sirte can not come soon enough for Libya 's new leaders , eager to declare liberation once the birthplace of Gadhafi is under their control . But battles for the coastal city southeast of Tripoli have raged for weeks as Gadhafi loyalists dug in and put up stiff resistance . The NTC lost 26 men Friday , said Mohammed Sayeh , a senior council member . But he said he was confident that Sirte would be under the council 's control within days . That is what the council 's military commanders told U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Friday , according to a senior U.S. defense official traveling with him . Panetta met with the commanders at the naval base that hosts the U.S. Sixth Fleet in Italy , the official said . The commanders said they have no reason to believe Gadhafi has any control of those militia members who remain loyal to him , the official said . They further believe that , although the anti-Gadhafi forces are gaining the ability to exercise control , they will likely need training to develop their capabilities , the official said . Still , no timetable has been drawn up for when commanders will recommend that NATO forces end their involvement , the official said . Gadhafi , wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , for on charges of crimes against humanity , has not been seen in public in months . Syrian-based television aired an audio message Thursday that was purportedly from the deposed leader . In it , the speaker urged Libyans to protest the nation 's new leadership . CNNs Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : A hospital in Sirte , one of the last bastions of pro-Gadhafi troops , falls , the NTC says NEW : Troops loyal to Libya 's new leaders enter Bani Walid for the first time About 10 are killed and more than 100 wounded in the fighting for Sirte The NTC has been battling hard to take control of Gadhafi 's hometown
Cancun , Mexico  CNN  -- Delegates at the United Nations climate change conference in Cancun , Mexico , approved an agreement early Saturday , despite objections from Bolivia and with praise from the United States government . On Saturday , the White House said President Barack Obama congratulated Mexican President Felipe Calderon on the conference 's conclusion in a phone call . "  Obama congratulated President Calderon for his leadership and Mexico 's excellent work chairing the Cancun conference to a successful conclusion , " the White House said in a statement , "  that ... advances the effort to address the challenge of climate change . " Bolivia 's government , meanwhile , claimed rich nations "  bullied and cajoled " other countries into accepting a deal on their terms . Protesting the overrule of its country 's vote , Bolivia 's Foreign Ministry called the Cancun text "  hollow " and ineffective in a written statement . "  Its cost will be measured in human lives . History will judge harshly , " the statement said , adding that developing nations will face the worst consequences of climate change . The agreement includes plans to create a $ 100 billion fund to help developing nations deal with global warming and to increase efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation . Mexico 's Calderon hailed the deal , the culmination of an marathon overnight session at the end of two weeks of talks . "  It begins a new era of cooperation in climate change . They are the first steps in this long and renewed campaign , " he said . Christiana Figueres , the UN 's chief negotiator at the conference , said the results had "  reignited " hope in climate change talks . "  Nations have shown they can work together under a common roof , to reach consensus on a common cause . They have shown that consensus in a transparent and inclusive process can create opportunity for all , " she said in a statement . But Bolivia said Saturday 's agreement did not go far enough . A key sticking point was the Kyoto Protocol , which expires in 2012 and sets greenhouse gas emissions targets for 37 industrialized countries and the European Union . "  For us , this is not a step forward . It is a step back , because what is being done here is postponing without limit the discussion on the Kyoto Protocol , " Bolivian Ambassador Pablo Solon told delegates early Saturday . The agreement does not specify what will happen once the Kyoto Protocol expires , postponing the debate until the next scheduled climate talks in South Africa in 2011 . Despite Bolivia 's objections , Mexican Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa , who chaired the summit , said a decision had been reached and swiftly banged her gavel , saying the text had been approved . "  It is less than what is needed , but it represents a significant step in the right direction , " Calderon told delegates . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. President Barack Obama praises conclusion of the Cancun climate conference Bolivia claims rich nations "  bullied " other countries into accepting the deal The UN 's chief negotiator says the deal "  reignited " hope in talks The agreement includes plans for a fund to help developing nations
CNN  -- Some travelers sleepily making their way through airport security in Atlanta Sunday morning got a startling wake-up . A gun detected in a carry-on at a checkpoint at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport was accidentally fired by an investigating officer around 9 a.m. Sunday , according to a police report . Transportation Security Administration screeners reported the gun to Atlanta police officer N.J. Phillips , the officer wrote in an Atlanta Police Department report . The gun 's owner was telling Phillips how to clear the loaded .22 Magnum revolver when it was accidentally discharged , Phillips reported . "  The weapon was pointed down towards the screening table . " "  I was grazed by a pellet fragment on the left side of my face , " Phillips wrote . "  However , there were no visible injuries . " The gun was loaded with "  snake shot , " ammunition usually used to hunt small animals . The gun 's owner , Richard Popkin of Kathleen , Georgia , told Phillips he did n't realize the gun was still in his bag , according to the police report . Popkin said he originally intended to pack the bag in his checked luggage , but he removed it because he was concerned about the weight limit for his checked bag , according to the report . Popkin was arrested and charged with carrying a deadly weapon at a public gathering , according to the police report . The TSA followed standard procedure in alerting local law enforcement , the agency said in a statement . "  TSA also has opened an investigation and has the authority to level a civil penalty when a firearm is brought to a checkpoint . " TSA officers have discovered more than 1,100 firearms at checkpoints this year , the agency said . Firearms are not allowed in carry-on bags or at security checkpoints .	Gun found in carry-on accidentally discharged , police report says The gun was discovered by TSA officers at Atlanta airport Owner told police he did n't realize gun was still in bag
The ancient city of Homs is now a warzone as President Bashar al-Assad 's army strikes fiercely at the heart of Syria 's 11-month-old anti-government uprising . Hundreds in Homs have been killed by rockets , mortar rounds and snipers ' bullets since the start of the year , say opposition groups , as the Syrian regime tries to regain control of the country 's third largest city . The humanitarian crisis in Homs is worsening -- dozens are reported dead nearly every day , and opposition activists say they do n't have enough doctors or medical supplies to treat the wounded . Homs , known as the capital of the revolution , has seen the worst of the violence that has left at least 6,000 people dead since protests began in Syria in March 2011 . Located in the agricultural heartland of central Syria , the city has long been a transport and commercial hub of vital strategic importance . The road through Homs connects the capital , Damascus , in the south to Syria 's largest city , Aleppo , in the north . Homs is home to one of two oil refineries in the country ; preserving that oil supply is crucial to the Assad regime 's ongoing efforts to crush the anti-government movement there . The city 's citizens , known as "  Homsies , " hold a contradictory place in the Syrian national conscience , according to Chris Phillips , a Syria analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit . "  Homsies are often the butt of jokes in Syria , " said Phillips , "  but they 've actually got quite a large cultural and educational influence on the country . " The city of 1 million is one of Syria 's most ethnically diverse . Traditionally a Sunni Muslim merchant town , a considerable number of Alawite Muslims , a Shia sect , have settled in Homs in the past 30 years , and there also is a small Christian population in the city . "  We live in a complex community , with many different sects and religions , " a Homs opposition spokesman -- who uses the name Abu Rami to hide his real identity from security forces -- told CNN . "  Before the uprising , we were all living here as brothers and we did n't think there were differences between us , " said Rami from central Homs , where scores have been killed in non-stop fighting between opposition and regime forces this month . Homs is more warzone than city now , he says . Parts of the city are without electricity ; in other parts , security forces shut off the electricity and telecommunications networks ahead of early morning raids to root out opposition members . "  If you 're in a place where they cut off the power or the phones , you know you 're in trouble , " said Rami . There is a shortage of everything from children 's milk formula to oil for heating , and he says security forces are preventing medical aid from reaching dying citizens . Many of the injured are being treated in field hospitals in civilian homes , including some who died from wounds that would not have been fatal with proper care . "  Every day there are murders -- snipers on the roofs are shooting anything that moves , preventing the arrival of medical supplies and shooting at ambulances . It 's a very hard situation , " said Rami . A 26-year-old born and raised in a middle class family in Homs , Rami left his medical studies at Al Baath University to help organize protests against al-Assad 's government in March . But the city and its once-vibrant sidewalk cafe culture are now in lockdown mode after fighting intensified there recently . Defectors from the military have joined volunteers in forming the Free Syrian Army in Homs , and residents in some neighborhoods have organized into armed defense committees , according to a report from Human Rights Watch . With at least 60 checkpoints set up in Homs and dozens of tanks now surrounding the city , the opposition fears al-Assad is plotting an attack that could rival the 1982 crackdown in Hama , when regime tanks and troops killed thousands of people and reduced parts of that city to rubble . President al-Assad denies responsibility for the escalating violence in Syria , and distanced himself from his armed forces in a recent television interview . "  They are not my forces , " al-Assad told ABC 's Barbara Walters . "  They are forces for the government . I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country . So they are not my forces . " The bloodshed has left city residents on edge . Public life is limited to about six hours each day from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. , says Rami -- shops close soon after that and people are rarely seen on the street . Rami himself hid in a friend 's basement in the relatively calm Al Ghouta neighborhood for days , as he did n't feel safe to return to his own home . "  My neighborhood is surrounded by shabiha thugs and I 'm afraid to be arrested or killed , " he told CNN . The "  shabiha " pro-regime militia , reportedly working alongside government forces , has been blamed by the opposition for attempting to stoke sectarian tensions in Homs . And while Homs has traditionally been a place of religious tolerance , Syria expert Phillips told CNN "  there is a real sense now that that is changing and being manipulated by people on both sides " of the conflict . "  The older Sunni merchant class that feel the city is theirs rightfully are now turning on the Alawites , who they see as these recent migrants that do n't actually belong in the city , " said Phillips . "  Alawites live on the outskirts ; they 're not seen as really part of the old city . They do n't fall within the old city boundaries , they 're recent migrants and -LSB- some Sunnis -RSB- are not very happy with them . " While certain elements of the Sunni community would like to overthrow the Alawite al-Assad and retake what they see as their rightful place as leaders of Syria , Phillips says the Alawite community fears the prospect of persecution if the government falls . "  The regime is trying to persuade the Alawites that if they abandon the government , they will be wiped out in the dog-eat-dog aftermath , " he said . According to Phillips , those who have spent the last 11 months protesting every day in Homs fear that "  if they stop doing this , then they will be crushed . " Rami said he would like to stay in Homs if and when the uprising ends . "  I hope Homs will be okay , " he said . "  I hope in the future we 'll stand together in Homs . " As the death count continues to rise and prospects for peace in the near future dims , Rami believes the war in Homs can only end one of two ways . "  Either we all die , " he said , "  or we get victory at the end . "	Homs , Syria 's third largest city , is known as the capital of the revolution Battles between army defectors and government forces have left hundreds dead in recent months Opposition members say pro-regime militia is stoking sectarian tensions in the city
Ashkelon , Israel  CNN  -- The rockets come mostly in the morning , the men say , but many of the people of the town of Ashkelon are always afraid . "  We ca n't go on like this , " Mayor Benny Vaknin said . "  We have 131,000 people here and 26,000 children . They are constantly under threat . " Rafel Moshe , who was playing backgammon at a pizza place downtown , echoed the mayor 's thoughts . "  They do n't want peace , " said Moshe , speaking of the people in Gaza . "  How would you feel if your children were constantly scared ? " Ashkelon , about 15 kilometers from Gaza , has suffered nearly two dozen rocket attacks since the back-and-forth firing of missiles and rockets between the Israeli military and militants in Gaza began Wednesday . Fear , celebration in Gaza City Vaknin said 20 rockets were launched at Ashkelon in the past 24 hours . The city has an air defense system , the Iron Dome , which is designed to shoot down incoming rockets . At Porto Pizza , the backgammon players said the worst attacks were in the morning , but as a CNN crew found , the rockets could come at any time . Just before 1 a.m the air-raid sirens went off and then there was a noise just a few kilometers away that sounded like an impact from a rocket . No injuries were reported . The city 's residents have experience dealing with how to quickly move to air raid shelters and some , like Moshe , have a "  Red Alert " app for their smart phones that tracks rocket attacks . Israeli warplanes could be heard in the sky and , farther in the distance , the sound of shelling . It was unclear if it was outgoing rockets from Gaza or bombs being dropped . Another group of four jets flew over the city a few hours later as the crew was filing a report . What 's behind the conflict "  We do n't want war but there are people all the time shooting at Israel and we are quiet -- we stay quiet -- and the world does n't see the truth , " Moshe said .	Israeli town 9 miles from Gaza has had 20 rockets aimed at it Resident : Gazans do n't want peace Rocket attacks occur more often in the morning , men at pizza shop say
CNN  -- Qatar , a tiny but influential Persian Gulf nation , will have a new leader , according to a news outlet there . Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani , the emir of Qatar , will hand over power to his son , Crown Prince Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani , Al Jazeera reported . Al Thani , who gave the news to ruling family members and prominent elements of society , will address the nation at 8 a.m.  1 a.m. ET  Tuesday . He has declared the day a national holiday . The energy-rich emirate has backed Syrian rebels in their fight against the Bashar al-Assad regime , and Taliban militants have set up an office there amid diplomacy to end the Afghan war . The prestigious soccer World Cup will be held there in 2022 . Social media was abuzz over the news , with people thanking Al Thani for his efforts . One tweeter said , "  U changed a tiny desert hamlet to a powerful economic empire . Deeply indebted . " Another said , "  I have watched Qatar become an economic , sports , education and political leader . #ThankyouHamad for everything . You will always be in our hearts . " CNN 's Schams Elazar contributed to this report	The emir will address the nation early Tuesday Qatar 's clout has jumped in recent years The news was all over social media
CNN  The emissions sticker on David Kassick 's car was expired . That 's what first caught the attention of Lisa Mearkle , a police officer in Hummelstown Borough , Pennsylvania , who ordered Kassick , 59 , to pull over on February 2 . Instead , Kassick fled . Moments later , he lay dead on the ground in a yard near a relative 's home . On Tuesday , Mearkle was arrested on a homicide charge following a state police investigation into the shooting . Mearkle 's attorney , who described the use of deadly force in the case as justified , said he is girding his client for national scrutiny as the case finds itself on a growing list of officer-involved shootings . The final moments leading to Kassick 's death were captured on video which Dauphin County District Attorney Ed Marsico Jr. said was critical in bringing the homicide charges . It was around 4 p.m. on February 2 when the 15-year police veteran first attempted to pull Kassick over , according to the charging documents . Instead of pulling over , Kassick took off and Mearkle gave chase , flipping on her lights and sirens . Less than a mile away , Kassick pulled into the driveway of a relative he 'd been staying with and ran off on foot into the backyard , with Mearkle following close behind . As they ran through the yards behind Grandview Drive , the charging documents said , Mearkle fired her stun gun , automatically engaging a built-in audio and visual recording device . Marsico described the video : "  She 's running , she 's tasing him , he falls to the ground . He 's sort of writhing around on the ground a little bit , " Marsico said . Standing several feet behind his prone body , Mearkle shouts for Kassick to show his hands . Despite the commands , Marsico said there were multiple points in the videos where Kassick is seen reaching beneath himself , his hands obscured to Mearkle . Holding the Taser in her left hand , court documents said , Mearkle drew her gun in her right hand and , while continuing to shout "  show me your hands , " fired twice into Kassick 's back . Kassick was pronounced dead at the scene . He was unarmed . Marsico said the video was critical in determining the first criminal charges brought against a police officer in a shooting like this in his 15 years as district attorney . "  He was face down on the ground , no weapon had been displayed . He did n't approach her , he did n't come toward her , he did n't verbally threaten her in any way , " Marsico said of Kassick . "  It 's our position that her use of deadly force was not necessary . " CNN has filed a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain the video , which it has not independently viewed . Mearkle later told investigators she thought Kassick had been reaching into his jacket for a gun , according to court documents . "  What was she supposed to do ? " Mearkle 's attorney , Brian Perry said . "  She felt that this was the only option that she had . " "  Keep in mind she had tased this individual four times and was screaming commands to him and he kept reaching under , " Perry said . Mearkle was placed on electronic monitoring on Tuesday after posting $ 250,000 bail . "  This was an extremely difficult case for all involved but in the end , we are servants of Justice and must now allow the judicial process to conduct a fair and impartial review of the allegations that have been presented , " the Borough of Hummelstown said in a statement . Hummelstown Borough announced on Wednesday that Mearkle had been suspended from the Police Department without pay .	Police Officer Lisa Mearkle faces homicide charge for shooting an unarmed man David Kassick , 59 , was shot and killed after fleeing a traffic stop
CNN  -- A DNA investigation following the discovery of 11 bodies in a Cleveland home has linked a second man to serial killings in the area , prosecutors announced Tuesday . "  This is wild stuff , " said Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason . "  One serial killer leads us to another one . " After the bodies were found at the home of Anthony Sowell in 2009 , Cleveland 's Cold Case Unit launched a DNA investigation into victims found within a 3-mile radius of the property . The unit matched two cases to felon Joseph Harwell , who is currently serving time on a separate murder charge , Mason said . Both the victims allegedly tied to Harwell , 27-year-old Mary Thomas and 33-year-old Tondilear Harge , were found raped and fatally strangled , seven years apart from one another . Thomas was three to four months pregnant at the time of the attack , a release by the Cuyahoga County Prosecutors Office says . Harwell is indicted on 14 counts , including charges of aggravated murder , rape , and kidnapping , according to the prosecutors office . Believing there could be more victims related to the ones found in the Sowell home , "  we kind of drew a circle around his residence , " Mason said . "  There are missing pieces . I do n't believe that everybody  Sowell  killed , he put in his house , " Mason said . "  There 's a lot of missing girls that would fit that description . " Harwell is currently serving time for the 1997 murder of 29-year-old Teresa Vinson of Columbus . He is up for parole next year but with Tuesday 's additional indictments could now face the death penalty , according to Mason . "  He was kind of a little stunned by it , to say the least , " Mason said on Harwell 's reaction to his DNA linkage to the two victims . " ... He just said I want a lawyer . " Harwell was also convicted of felonious assault in 1989 for attempted strangulation of a 31-year-old woman in east Cleveland and convicted of aggravated robbery in 1979 . Mason 's office accuses Harwell of murdering Thomas in 1989 and murdering Harge in 1996 , according to a statement . Sowell , indicted on 85 counts including aggravated murder , rape and kidnapping , is currently awaiting trial . He has pled not guilty .	Cold Case Unit "  kind of drew a circle " around one serial killer 's home Investigation led them to indictment of second man
London  CNN  -- The two men accused of killing British soldier Lee Rigby in the London neighborhood of Woolwich will stand trial for murder starting on November 18 , a judge ruled Friday . Michael Adebowale , 22 , and Michael Adebolajo , 28 , appeared in court in London via video conference from separate rooms in jail . Rigby was killed in a daylight attack a couple of hundred yards from the Royal Artillery Barracks on May 22 . Both men are charged with murder and possession of a firearm , and Adebolajo also is charged with the attempted murder of two police officers . Adebowale , who was wearing a red T-shirt and pink jogging bottoms , sat with his head down and arms crossed during his video link appearance , while Adebolajo looked straight at the camera . The latter wore a gray , long-sleeve sweatshirt and had his left arm strapped in a bandage from his wrist to just above the elbow . Both suspects were hospitalized after their arrest . The November 18 trial date is preliminary and could change , the court said . CNN 's Lauretta Ihonor and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Michael Adebowale and Michael Adebolajo appear before the court by video link Both men are charged with the murder of a soldier Court sets a preliminary trial date of November 18 for the two men Soldier Lee Rigby was killed on May 22 in Woolwich , southeast London
CNN  -- A Saudi Arabian human rights attorney is asking the government to allow him to represent a woman who was gang-raped -- and then sentenced to prison for speaking out about the case . Human rights groups want Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to drop charges against the rape victim . The attorney , Abdulrahman al-Lahim , had his license revoked last week by a judge for speaking to the Saudi-controlled media about the case , al-Lahim told CNN . The judge more than doubled the sentence against al-Lahim 's 19-year-old client because she spoke to the media about the case , a court source told Arab News , an English-language Middle Eastern daily newspaper . The woman -- who was initially sentenced in October 2006 to 90 lashes -- had her sentenced increased to 200 lashes and was ordered to serve six months in prison under Saudi Arabia 's strict Islamic law . "  We were shocked , " al-Lahim said of the increased sentence . CNN has been unable to reach Saudi government officials for comment on this report , despite repeated requests . Watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim " Al-Lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al-Lahim said . The case has sparked outrage among human rights groups . "  Barring the lawyer from representing the victim in court is almost equivalent to the rape crime itself , " said Fawzeyah al-Oyouni , founding member of the newly formed Saudi Association for the Defense of Women 's Rights . "  This is not just about the girl , it 's about every woman in Saudi Arabia , " she said . "  We 're fearing for our lives and the lives of our sisters and our daughters and every Saudi woman out there . We 're afraid of going out in the streets . " Human Rights Watch said it has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah "  to immediely void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer . " The woman , who is married , and an unrelated man were abducted and she was raped by a group of seven men more than a year ago , the lawyer said . The male victim was also given an increased sentence of 200 lashes and six months in prison , al-Lahim said . The man and woman were attacked after they met so she could retrieve an old photograph of herself from him , according to al-Lahim . Citing phone records from the police investigation , al-Lahim said the man was trying to blackmail his client . He noted the photo she was trying to retrieve was harmless and did not show his client in any compromising position . Al-Lahim said the man tried to blame his client for insisting on meeting him that day . It is illegal for a woman to meet with an unrelated male under Saudi 's Islamic law . Al-Lahim has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Justice next month , where he faces a possible three-year suspension and disbarment , according to Human Rights Watch . He told CNN he has appealed to the Ministry of Justice to reinstate his law license and plans to meet with Justice Minister Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Ibrahim Al Al-Sheikh . "  Currently she does n't have a lawyer , and I feel they 're doing this to isolate her and deprive her from her basic rights , " he said . "  We will not accept this judgment and I 'll do my best to continue representing her because justice needs to take place . " He said the handling of the case is a direct contradiction of judicial reforms announced by the Saudi king earlier this month . "  The Ministry of Justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because I consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz started and against Saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , " he said . Saudi Arabia 's Islamic law or sharia is not written and , therefore , subject to a wide array of interpretations . Human Rights Watch points out that a judge in Jeddah threw out a lawyer simply because he was a member of the Ismaili faith , a branch of Shia Islam . Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . Women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote . The Saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . Christoph Wilcke of Human Rights Watch praised the female rape victim and her attorney for speaking out about the case , which he said may be indicative of "  many injustices that we still do n't know about . " "  It 's not only one court , it is the Saudi government that is fully behind punishing a woman who 's been raped -LSB- and -RSB- punishing the lawyer who 's trying to help her and doing that both because they 've spoken to the media , " Wilcke told CNN . "  And if they had n't spoken to the media , we would n't know about it . " Shying away from criticism of key ally , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack called the case and the punishment "  surprising " and "  astonishing . " "  While this is a judicial procedure -- part of a judicial procedure -- overseas in courts outside of our country , still while it is very difficult to offer any detailed comment about this situation , I think most people would be quite astonished by the situation , " McCormack said . "  I ca n't get involved in specific court cases in Saudi Arabia dealing with its own citizens . But most people here would be quite surprised to learn of the circumstances and then the punishment meted out , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report	Woman sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in jail under Islamic law Judge more than doubled 19-year-old 's sentence for speaking to the media Woman 's lawyer loses law license for speaking to Saudi-controlled media Human rights group : Lawyer faces three-year suspension and disbarment
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British union leaders will recommend Thursday ending an unofficial strike that has dragged on more than a week at the country 's third-largest oil refinery , the arbitrator in the dispute announced Wednesday . Protesters at the Lindsay Oil Refinery are opposed to plans to employ non-British workers at the plant . Workers walked off the job January 28 to protest the hiring of hundreds of foreign workers for a construction project at the Lindsey oil refinery in eastern England . Their action has prompted similar "  wildcat " strikes , unsanctioned by national unions , at other sites across the country . The compromise will involve opening 101 new jobs to British workers , the arbitration service ACAS said in a written statement . Local union leaders had earlier told demonstrators they were near their goal of being offered half the jobs involved in one of the latest subcontracts connected to the construction project -- 102 new jobs for a minimum of nine weeks . "  If you ca n't be happy with that , you ca n't be happy with anything , " a local union official said at a demonstration televised by Britain 's Sky News . The union leader did not identify himself . The French-based oil company Total , which owns the plant , confirmed a deal was in the cards . "  Union officials will present details of the agreement to the workforce at 7:30 a.m.  2:30 a.m. ET Thursday  and recommend a return to work , " Total said in a release . Stephen Hughes , a Labour legislator in the European Parliament , warned that the reported compromise could itself run afoul of European labor law , opening the way for foreign workers who lose out to British labor to claim they were being discriminated against on the basis of nationality . Union leaders have been meeting over three days with Total , Jacobs , the main site contractor , and IREM , the Italian firm hired to carry out the project , in talks moderated by ACAS . They had already rejected one proposal , a union official told CNN . Union leaders accuse Total of discriminating against British workers by subcontracting with IREM , which has hired workers from Italy and Portugal . Total rejects the allegation . Overall , the construction project has employed , directly or indirectly , 600 to 1,000 workers for about 18 months , Total said . "  It has never been , and never will be , the policy of Total to discriminate against British companies or British workers . We have been a major local employer for 40 years and the majority of our 500 permanent staff are local , " the company said in a statement released Monday . It said IREM had won the sub-contract through a fair and legal bidding process . ACAS will investigate the bidding process and report within weeks , it said Wednesday . Hundreds of workers at British power plants and refineries have been walking off the job in unofficial "  wildcat " strikes since the Lindsey workers put down their tools last Wednesday . Spontaneous strikes took place Tuesday in every corner of the country : at the Stanlow oil refinery in western England , Drax power station in the northeast , Petroplus Coryton Refinery in the southeast and Longannet power station in Scotland . A total of nearly 1,000 workers were off the job at the three English locations . Scottish Power did not specify how many workers were on strike . Representatives of all four plants said contractors , not full-time staff , had walked off the job , and all said operations were not affected . But resolving the Lindsey strike may not be the end of the matter . Union leaders say the strike there is only a reflection of problems with the way Britain implements European Union employment directives . Unite , one of the UK 's largest unions , called last week for a national protest in London . The country 's main labor groups have all issued statements in support of the striking workers . "  The government is failing to grasp the fundamental issues . The problem is not workers from other European countries working in the UK , nor is it about foreign contractors winning contracts in the UK . The problem is that employers are excluding UK workers from even applying for work on these contracts , " Unite General Secretary Derek Simpson said Tuesday . "  No European worker should be barred from applying for a British job and absolutely no British worker should be barred from applying for a British job . " The dispute has reverberated up to the highest levels of government , with the prime minister and the leader of the opposition trading barbs about it in Parliament on Wednesday . Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he hoped workers would accept the ACAS-moderated deal despite their "  reservations . " Brown also rejected accusations by Conservative leader David Cameron that his use of the slogan "  British jobs for British workers " in a 2007 speech had pandered to "  protectionist fears . " "  Can anybody here say that they do n't want British workers to get jobs in our country ? " Brown retorted in the House of Commons .	Deal agreed to end strike over non-UK labor at British oil refinery Arbitration service says deal involves offering 101 new jobs to British workers Member of European Parliament warns deal might break EU labor law Protests sparked by Total awarding project to Italian firm employing Italians
CNN  -- Barcelona warmed up for their crucial last-16 Champions League second-leg tie against AC Milan on Tuesday with a 2-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga on Saturday . The Catalans made seven changes from the team which lost 2-1 to Real Madrid last weekend as they look ahead to more important tasks next week -- overturning the Italian giant 's 2-goal advantage from the first leg at the San Siro . Alexis Sanchez put Barcelona in front seven minutes before the break rising to head home Daniel Alves ' cross from the right . The second half was tight with Barcelona dominating possession but unable to unlock Deportivo 's defense . The decisive second goal came deep into the half when Lionel Messi  who came on as a second-half substitute  bagged his 17th consecutive league goal in the 88th minute , deftly putting the ball over goalkeeper Aranzubia . It wrapped up three points for the league leaders and stretches their lead to 14 points ahead of second-place Atletico Madrid 's match against Real Sociedad on Sunday evening . Third-place Real Madrid travel to Celta de Vigo in Sunday 's other evening fixture . In the other La Liga games played Saturday , Valledolid held fourth-placed Malaga to a 1-1 draw , while Real Vallecano move up to eighth after a 2-0 win against Espanyol . In France 's Ligue 1 , Paris St Germain came from a goal down to beat Nancy 2-1 at Parc des Princes on Saturday . Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a brace to take his tally of league goals to 24 this season and give the league leaders a five-point lead ahead of second-placed Lyon 's match against Marseille on Sunday . Meanwhile in Serie A 's only Saturday fixture , Udinese and Roma drew 1-1 .	Barcelona warm up for crucial Champions League tie with 2-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna Catalans need to overturn a 2-goal deficit against AC Milan in second leg of last-16 Champions League tie Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores twice to rescue Paris St Germain against Nancy in Ligue 1 In Serie A , Udinese and Roma play out 1-1 draw
CNN  -- Cesc Fabregas is to move from Arsenal to European champions Barcelona , both clubs confirmed Sunday . The drawn out transfer saga concluded as Fabregas ' new club laid claim to yet another honor by holding arch-rivals Real Madrid to a 2-2 draw in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup . The Catalan giants confirmed the deal at halftime of the match at the Bernabeu in a short statement . "  Initial agreement between Arsenal and FC Barcelona for the transfer of Cesc with the signing of contracts and medical to take place on Monday , " it read . Arsenal , who had been reluctant to let their captain go , conceded defeat . "  Arsenal announces today that they have reached an agreement in principle with Barcelona for Cesc Fabregas to move to Spain , " said a statement on their club website . Manager Arsene Wenger , whose team drew 0-0 in their English Premier League opener at Newcastle , also gave his reaction . "  We have been clear that we did n't want Cesc to leave and that remains the case , " he said . "  However , we understand Cesc 's desire to move to his home town club and have now accepted an offer from Barcelona . We thank Cesc for his contribution at Arsenal and wish him future success . " Fabregas , who played in Spain 's World Cup winning team in South Africa , left Barcelona as a 16-year-old in 2003 to play for Arsenal where he made 303 appearances , scoring 57 goals . He has played 58 times for his country . Neither club disclosed the transfer fee , with reports suggesting in the region of $ 40 million  $ 57m  . In the absence of any last-minute hitch , Fabregas will be eligible to play in the second leg of the Super Cup final at Barcelona 's Camp Nou Wednesday . Mesut Ozil put Jose Mourinho 's Real ahead in the first half , but before the break goals from David Villa and Lionel Messi had left the Spanish champions in charge . Xabi Alonso 's 54th minute equalizer salvaged a 2-2 draw for the home side .	Cesc Fabregas to move from Arsenal to Barcelona , clubs confirm Fabregas will undergo medical and sign deal at Nou Camp Monday He left the Catalan giants at 16 to play for Arsenal in EPL Barcas hold Real Madrid to 2-2 draw in Bernabeu in first leg of Spanish Super Cup
RealSimple.com  -- Here are nine common  and commonly ignored  dressing oversights -- and easy ways to fix them . Problem : Incorrectly hemmed jeans Solution : A good tailor Do n't cut off the extra length and at the same time lose the nice crisp hemline  marked by the recognizable yellow thread  . "  A good tailor should be able to preserve the original hem , " says Guillermo Molina , owner of Guillermo Couture , in New York City . With very long pants , your tailor may have to cut off a bit of fabric above the hemline and reattach the original hems  with barely noticeable blue thread that matches the denim  , but the task can usually be achieved by folding a hem up accordion-style and sewing it in place , so the original finished seam is in plain view . Real Simple : How to dress for any occasion Problem : Peds in plain view Solution : Partial peds Your secret weapon against blistered toes is a pair of Peds . But make sure they 're truly a secret weapon . "  Visible Peds are a classic faux pas , " says Leah Feldon , author of "  Does This Make Me Look Fat ? : The Definitive Rules for Dressing Thin for Every Height , Size , and Shape "  Villard , $ 15 , amazon.com  . To avoid peekaboo nylons , skip the skimpy stockings altogeter or try Hue Toe Covers  $ 15 for three pairs , barenecessities.com  , which cover only the front half of the foot . A bit of padding on the bottom provides a cushion and keeps the cover from sliding and scrunching into the toe of your shoe . Real Simple : Avoiding wardrobe blunders Problem : Unopened vent Solution : Scissors Jackets , blazers , and skirts often come with vents that are tacked together with thread . "  Do n't forget to snip the string once you bring your item home from the store , " says JoAnna Nicholson , author of "  Dressing Smart for Women : 101 Mistakes You Ca n't Afford to Make ... and How to Avoid Them "  Impact Publications , $ 17 , amazon.com  . Besides being a potential source of embarrassment , a tacked-together vent may also increase your chances of ripping your garment when you take a large step or reach for something on the top pantry shelf . Real Simple : Old clothing gets a second life Problem : A gaping blouse Solution : Velcro Your favorite shirt was dried once too often , and now it 's a bit snug , with buttons that appear to be hanging on for dear life . "  You do n't want your coworkers staring at your chest , waiting for a button to pop off onto the conference table , " says Clinton Kelly , cohost of TLC 's "  What Not to Wear . " To avoid this scenario , sew a small piece of Velcro between the buttons or use a piece of double-stick tape . That way your shirt will stay flush against your skin , buttons will remain attached , and your assets will be tucked away from Bob in Accounting 's sight . Problem : Cropped pants with boots Solution : Taller boots Once considered a summer-only staple , Capri pants are now available in thicker , fall-friendly fabrics , such as wool and tweed . But do n't wear them with your lowest pair of boots . "  Low ankle boots paired with cropped pants look dowdy , because they break up your silhouette , " says Stacy London , cohost of TLC 's "  What Not to Wear . " "  Wearing high boots that completely cover the calves and a few inches of skin underneath the pants has a more elongating effect , " she says . Real Simple : New uses for things in your closet Problem : Peekaboo lingerie Solution : A nude bra White underwear may seem demure and understated next to that rack of red lace skivvies in the department store , but it screams "  Look at me ! " when worn under white clothing . If you want your unmentionables to be unnoticeable underneath a favorite white T-shirt or blouse , wear a bra that is close to your skin tone  this holds true for all underwear  . Problem : Visible tag Solution : Seam ripper Your Sealy Posturepedic mattress may have come with a DO NOT REMOVE label , but your brand-new scarf did n't . So throw needless caution to the wind and snip the tags on scarves , sheer blouses , and any other wardrobe piece with an unsightly label . Use a seam ripper in lieu of scissors to easily remove stitches holding the tag in place , but beware of tags sewn directly into a seam , says Audrey Smaltz , founder of the Ground Crew , a backstage-management company for fashion shows . For these use a small pair of scissors to cut the tag just below the seam  so the tiny bit of tag is barely noticeable  . Real Simple : Dress to flatter your figure Problem : A bare midriff Solution : Layering Pant rises have gotten lower  and lower  , but shirts , sweaters , and blouses have stayed the same . The result ? An exposed midsection that leaves you looking like a teen pop sensation . Rather than banishing your favoriteâ $ • and most flattering -- pair of pants to the back of the closet , layer a lacy tank top underneath a sweater . A hint of added color and texture keeps your tummy hidden and creates a more interesting , modern look . Another benefit : Um , how about warmth ? Problem : Visible panty line Solution : Smooth briefs You want all the attention on you , not your tush . A visible panty line draws attention to your backside  making it look larger  , but do n't assume a lifetime of wearing thongs is your only option . "  Panties are more demure and chic , and they are also a lot more comfortable , " says Simon Doonan , creative director of Barneys New York . Jockey No Panty Line Promise briefs  $ 9.50 , jockey.com  have flat seams that are only 1/8 inch wide , preventing them from cutting into your skin . These full-coverage briefs end below the curvature of your bottom , completely covering  not bisecting  the area where pants tend to be most snug . Bonus : The spandex briefs are as soft as your most lived-in T-shirt . Real Simple : 10 fashion trends with staying power Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Take incorrectly hemmed jeans to a good tailor Use Velcro to keep your blouse from gaping Open vents and pleats with a pair of scissors or a seam ripper
Travel + Leisure  -- You 're sitting in a hip Tokyo cafe , having a fish cake and sake . Your server has been especially attentive , so when the check arrives , you think nothing of pulling out some extra yen and leaving a healthy 20 percent tip . But suddenly things go horribly wrong : the server turns wide-eyed , becomes agitated , and walks away . What happened ?! You 'll likely come across more people at a hotel that need to be tipped than anywhere else as you travel . Tipping in Japan and many other Asian countries is simply not a way of life . In fact , it 's usually regarded as a vulgar display of wealth and a disregard for the culture . The same can be true in Europe and Latin America ... though not always . And in the United States , of course , tipping is expected  and sometimes demanded  . With expectations all over the map , it 's not surprising that anxiety and confusion about whom to tip -- and how much -- are commonplace for travelers . So we 've done the legwork for you , talking with concierges , tourist boards , and other travelers to find out the real protocol on when  and when not  to reach into your wallet and how much of a tip you should give to waiters , sky caps , maids , doormen , and cabbies all over the world . Of course , tipping is confusing enough for Americans traveling domestically . The expectation is to tip not only big but also often , from the kid handing you a Venti coffee at Starbucks to the multiple hotel hands that rush to open doors , carry bags , and offer an escort to the hotel room . Go abroad and the situation changes . The legion of skycaps , cab drivers , bellboys , and waiters may perform the same services as their U.S. counterparts , but they often have radically different expectations of a tip . You can credit different customs , as well as a service industry with a different wage scale . In the United States , tips usually abet low wages . In other parts of the world , service employees are often paid a living wage . If you 're taking a taxi in Chile or New Zealand , for example , the driver wo n't give you the evil eye if you do n't tip -- it 's not expected . Read Travel + Leisure 's guide to tipping around the world At a hotel , you 'll encounter more people who potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else during your travels . In fact , there are so many people it can become confusing . If a doorman opens the door of your cab , another takes your bag , and a third delivers it to your room , who gets the tip ? It should be the last person in the chain -- the one who actually brings the bags to your room . And at checkout , only tip the one who loads your bags onto a cart and takes them out of the room . Restaurants can be tricky , too : keep an eye out for the service charge . In many European countries , this charge averages 10 percent , but it 's usually included in the price of a meal . If it is , then do as the European do , and leave a few extra coins or round up the bill -- in cash , even if you 've paid for the meal with a credit card . And if you 're heading to Fiji , Malaysia , or South Korea , be aware that no tip is required in restaurants . Here are some other scenarios : Spa Therapists : Tipping 15 or 20 percent is common practice in the United States but rare at any spa abroad , where a service charge is typically added to the cost of the treatment . Concierges : Situational . If a concierge gets you theater or train tickets , or has been especially helpful during the course of your stay , then a $ 10 or $ 20 tip  in local currency  is in order . Guides : Booking a ski guide to take you off-piste in Switzerland , a golf pro in Scotland , or a fishing guide in Ireland ? All should be compensated in the 10 to 15 percent range , as they would be in the United States . A good tip on tipping ? Get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easier . But if you have only large bills , it 's perfectly acceptable to ask a hotel porter or even a skycap for change when you give them a tip . After all , tips are a part of their business . They 're not embarrassed , and you need n't be either . And if you do n't have local currency , U.S. greenbacks can work just as well as a "  thank you " in London , Lombok , or Lahore . E-mail to a friend Planning a beach getaway this summer ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Great American Beaches Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Tipping conventions overseas can be vastly different from those in the United States More people at a hotel will potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else Get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easier
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While a government-run public health care option irks conservatives , and even some fiscally minded Democrats , the idea of health care cooperatives has emerged as an option in the reform debate . Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad , of North Dakota , says a public option plan might not make it through Congress . Small health care cooperatives have worked in a couple of markets . But whether the idea can be applied on a national scale is debatable . Sen. Kent Conrad , chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , is pushing the co-op idea as an alternative to a government-sponsored insurance program that would compete with private insurers . He does n't think a government option will pass in the Senate . Conrad , a North Dakota Democrat , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Tuesday that his model could attract 12 million members and "  be the third-largest insurer in the country and be a very effective competitor -LSB- with private insurance companies -RSB- . " "  If you believe competition helps drive down costs , then they would certainly contribute to holding down costs , " Conrad said . But Tim Jost , a professor at Washington and Lee University , said that Conrad is not offering concrete statistics on how the plan will help reform health care . "  I have not seen anything , other than Sen. Conrad 's statements to the press , explaining how this is going to work , " he said . "  He put out a couple of one-pagers early on , but he is talking about this actuarial data . Let 's make it public , let 's find out who the actuaries are . " Co-ops are nonprofit organizations that aim to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members . They put profits back into the system , so any money that is earned is used on patients and other costs . In addition , patients elect a governing board . Cooperatives are already established in cities such as Minneapolis , Minnesota , and Seattle , Washington . In order for a co-op to have reduced costs , analysts say , it needs to have tens of thousands of members . That could be a hard slog for the nonprofits because start-up costs would probably be in the millions . That may be where the federal government steps in -- by adding seed money for the program . That government infusion of money probably would put Democrats at odds with Republicans , who are worried about the rising federal deficit and an expanded role of government in health care . Watch two members of the House discuss reform " And the costs of a cooperative might not allow enough people to sign up , meaning that some of the nearly 46 million uninsured Americans would n't be able to buy into the program . Other health reform alternatives , such as the public option , cost less for participants . "  Let 's see how they -LSB- Conrad and others -RSB- explain that they are going to get to 10 to 12 million members . ... I ca n't see how that 's going to happen , " Jost said . Probably the biggest barrier , Jost said , is entering a new market and trying to establish a network . "  You have to go out there , you have to contract with hospitals , doctors , other providers of care . Well , the private insurers have their networks in place , and they often have what they call ` most favored nations ' clauses , which provide that a provider can not -LSB- offer -RSB- a lower rate than it does to the dominant insurer . " The idea of co-ops appears to have received some support from the Obama administration . A top White House aide told Bloomberg Television 's "  Conversations with Judy Woodruff " that President Obama may accept nonprofit health insurance cooperatives in place of a new government-run plan . "  We would be interested in that " if certain conditions are met , said Nancy-Ann DeParle , director of the White House Office of Health Reform . And the idea has gotten support from a key Republican senator . Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , said on "  Fox News Sunday " that co-ops are "  a step in the right direction . " "  I do n't know if it will do everything people want , but we ought to look at it . I think it 's a far cry from the original proposals . " But not everyone is so sure that co-ops will work to reduce health care costs across the board . CNN Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , who spoke with top officials at both co-ops , said this type of model would not solve the problem of uninsured Americans . "  Will co-ops solve that ? No . That is according to two folks who run co-ops -LSB- one in Seattle and one in Minneapolis -RSB- . ... They said ` we are not charities . You have to spend money and pay premiums to join our co-ops . And we do n't take everyone . We sometimes say no to people with pre-existing conditions , ' " she said . Co-ops also may not have the industry clout of the big insurance companies . Watch Obama discuss his plan for health care reform " "  They -LSB- co-ops -RSB- would have some cost advantages over private plans -- they would n't have to make a profit -- but they are going to be running on a very small scale , at least initially , and therefore they are going to have very high administrative costs proportionate to claims , " Jost said . "  But again , the big problem is how are they going to get providers to give them a better deal than the providers give the private insurers . They may not even be able to legally do that under their contracts with the commercial insurers , " he added . CNN 's Dana Bash , Lesa Jansen and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad favors health care cooperatives Co-ops are run by nonprofits , and patients elect members to their boards One key Republican senator seems to be on board with the idea Skeptics question start-up costs , whether all the uninsured would be covered
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's government ordered the country 's army chief of staff fired Sunday , touching off street protests and a split in Nepal 's Maoist-dominated ruling coalition . General Rookmangud Katawal gestures after inspecting the guard of honour in New Delhi on December 12 , 2007 . But Gen. Rookmangud Katawal has refused to accept his dismissal , and Nepalese President Ram Baran Yadav -- the constitutional commander-in-chief of the country 's armed forces -- has told Katawal to remain in office , a presidential spokesman said . Nepal 's Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government 's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels , as a 2006 peace deal required . The move prompted the Maoists ' largest coalition partner to quit the government , the party 's leader said . "  Without consensus , the ongoing peace process will not reach its logical conclusion and the drafting of the new constitution will not be possible , " said Ishwor Pokharel , general secretary of the Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  . "  The consensus that existed so far has come to standstill . " Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets for demonstrations Sunday . Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions , there were no serious injuries reported . The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency . Under the deal , more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country 's security forces . But two weeks ago , the government asked Katawal to explain why he went to the Supreme Court to challenge the government 's refusal to extend the tenure of eight brigadier generals in March . Government spokesman Krishna Bahadur Mahara said Sunday that the government was not satisfied with Katawal 's explanation and fired him -- three months before his scheduled retirement -- in a meeting that the Maoists ' coalition partners boycotted . Pokharel said his party urged the Maoists not to fire Katawal without a consensus in the country 's parliament . He said the Maoists , led by Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal , ignored that advice . "  We do not like the way the Maoists ' way of functioning , " Pokharel said . The Maoists hold 238 of the 601 seats in parliament , while Pokharel 's party has 109 . The Maoists could continue to hold power with the support of smaller parties , but Pokharel said his party is working to form a new ruling coalition . The Cabinet named an interim army chief , but presidential spokesman Rajendra Dahal told CNN that 18 parties in Nepal 's parliament asked Yadav to keep Katawal on the job . There was no immediate reaction from the government on the president 's decision .	Nepal 's government orders army chief of staff fired after recruitment issue Military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-Maoist rebels Dismissal touches off street protests and a split in Maoist-dominated ruling coalition Gen. Rookmangud Katawal has refused to accept his dismissal
CNN  -- Williams has turned to Brazilian Felipe Massa to boost its flagging F1 fortunes , the British based team confirming his signing for the 2014 season Monday . Williams , once a major force in the constructors ' championship , has claimed just a single point in 2013 and has parted company with Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado . In his place comes the 32-year-old Massa , surplus to requirements at Ferrari after the signing of Kimi Raikkonen , but with a wealth of Grand Prix experience . He will partner Finland 's Valtteri Bottas as Williams looks to revive its flagging fortunes . "  We are delighted to be able to confirm our 2014 driver line-up and welcome Felipe into the Williams family , " said team principal Frank Williams . "  He is an exceptional talent and a real fighter on the race track ; he also brings a wealth of experience as we begin a new chapter in our story . " Massa , runner up to Lewis Hamilton in the 2008 title race , has 11 wins and 36 podium finishes in his F1 career , but has had to play second fiddle to Fernando Alonso at Ferrari in recent seasons . "  When I was a kid , I always dreamed about racing for Williams , Ferrari or McLaren and I 'm glad to be signing with another icon of the sport following my time at Ferrari , " he said . "  With such a major change of regulations in 2014 , I hope my experience will be useful in helping the team in its effort to move on from a difficult period , " he added . Read : Massa 's emotional return to Hungary Bottas impressed Williams with his performance to put their car third on the grid after qualifying for the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal this season , but he was unable to capitalize in the race . Maldonado , who gave Williams a surprise victory in last season 's Spanish Grand Prix , has been unable to build on that promise and it is unclear if he will secure a seat with another team in 2014 . "  We wish him well for the future , " said Williams , who has signed Massa and Bottas to multi-year contracts . His team last won the constructors ' title -- the last of nine -- back in 1997 , with Jacques Villeneuve claiming the drivers ' crown . Meanwhile , Raikkonen will miss the final two races of this season due to a long-term back problem that requires surgery . The injury flared up at September 's race in Singapore , and the 34-year-old Finn has now decided to have an operation so he is fit for the start of next season . His Lotus team may promote third driver Davide Valsecchi , according to the F1 website , or give reserve Jerome d'Ambrosio a runout in the GPs in Austin and Sao Paulo .	Williams signs Felipe Massa for 2014 F1 season Massa will be leaving Ferrari at the end of the current season Will partner Valtteri Bottas at Williams replacing Pastor Maldonado Kimi Raikkonen to miss rest of this season due to back problem
KIGALI , Rwanda  CNN  -- Twenty years on from the 100 days of the Rwandan genocide , and many here are still in search of closure . In April 1994 hundreds of thousands of Tutsis and moderate Hutus were murdered by Hutu militias . The Rwandan government has asked that this be a time of reflection and unity , through forgiveness and reconciliation . But for many Rwandans the reality of what it actually takes to forgive is one they struggle with every day . Niyonsenga Erick Rafiki is 24 years old . His memories of his father , he says , have grown hazy with time . "  The night he was killed I do n't really remember that since I ca n't even remember where I was , " says Rafiki . "  But after the genocide had ended , I started following up on stories that were informing me on how he died that night . " Rafiki 's search for answers eventually brought him face-to-face with his father 's killers , and a day he says he feels he 's waited all his life for . His father 's killers have promised to help him find the body . "  I never had a chance to bury my parent as his child in a decent way and I did n't how he was killed , did n't even know how he was buried . This became a burden in my heart , " Rafiki tells CNN . As Rafiki talks , a little distance away Sekamana Musa and two other man are digging , Musa served 10 years in prison for his crimes during the genocide , among them the murder of Rafiki 's father . The locale is where , Musa believes , the body was buried 20 years ago . For victim and perpetrator , coming together to finally bury with dignity those who died has become an act of penance . "  I confessed and told the truth of what happened so I was released from prison -- when I came out I found the people we had committed crimes against , " Musa said . "  Be it the mother of this boy and the boy himself . Even though I was scared , they also got scared to see me . I managed to get close to them though , through other people that helped me to get a better way of reaching them . And it happened slowly by slowly . " "  We came together saying these hands we are using are for all Rwandans -- because these hands destroyed the country , we have to use them to rebuild it . " Across Rwanda thousands of "  genocidaires " as they 're called are still in custody . Those found guilty of involvement in the genocide can only be released by presidential pardon . The last was seven years ago , when 8,000 were released back in to their communities . In Nyarugenge Prison 54-year-old Nyirandegeya Mwamini waits to hear whether she will be among those set free . Mwamini was part of the Interahamwe militia , the Hutu militia intent on wiping out all trace of the Tutsis As she remembers the horrors she inflicted 20 years ago , even she is unable to explain how it happened . "  I am not proud of it . The people I lived with and the people I worked with could never understand why I became an Interahamwe , a killer ... Every time I think about it , I am crying always . " Her one hope , she says , is that one day she , too , will be able to eventually seek out those she wronged and play a role in her nation 's healing . "  The genocide will never fade out -- even to killers or those who participated , like us , that picture , where  the  international community has seen you as a killer -- can never go away from you easily , and just say it is over , " says Mwamini . "  But my hope is not for me -- it is for my children and those who are linked to me , that they can never be part of what I went through . " As the sun begins to set Rafiki and his father 's killers are still digging and still hoping . Giving up , Rafiki says , is not an option . "  I will continue looking for him until I find him . Whenever they tell me that they suspect where he might be -- I will use all means possible to find him . " And when he does , Musa will be right by his side , hoping to finally make amends for the horrors he inflicted all those years ago . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	Hundreds of thousands of Rwandans died during the brutal ethnic genocide The victims : Tutsis and moderate Hutus The killers : Hutu militia members Now , relatives of victims and perpetrators alike search for closure
CNN  -- A federal grand jury indicted a man arrested last week in connection with a mysterious case of exposure to the deadly biological agent ricin , prosecutors said . Authorities found ricin , weapons and an anarchist manual in Roger Von Bergendorff 's Nevada hotel room . Roger Von Bergendorff , 57 , was indicted on charges of possession of a biological toxin , possession of unregistered firearms and possession of firearms not identified by serial number , said Natalie Collins , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Las Vegas , Nevada . Bergendorff was hospitalized for two months with suspected ricin poisoning , and was discharged before his arrest . His initial court appearance was last week , Collins said , and he did not enter a plea . An arraignment is scheduled for May 2 . Bergendorff was hospitalized in February complaining of breathing difficulties . Two weeks later , Thomas Tholen , a cousin who went to Bergendorff 's Las Vegas hotel room to recover his belongings , discovered what turned out to be ricin . Authorities also said a search of the room found four guns , the book "  Anarchist 's Cookbook , " a collection of instructions on poisons and other dangerous recipes and castor beans , syringes and beakers . Ricin is extracted from ground-up castor beans . Tholen was charged earlier in April with failing to report the commission of a crime . A federal grand jury indicted him for allegedly concealing the knowledge that production and possession of a biological agent -- a felony -- was being committed . Bergendorff previously lived in Tholen 's home in Riverton , Utah , just south of Salt Lake City . After the ricin was discovered , the FBI searched that home as well as storage units Bergendorff used in Utah . Authorities said FBI agents searching the storage units found castor beans , chemicals used in the production of ricin , a respirator , filters , laboratory glassware , syringes and a notebook on ricin production . If convicted as charged , Bergendorff would face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . E-mail to a friend	Roger Von Bergendorff indicted on ricin possession charges Bergendorff had been hospitalized with suspected ricin poisoning Authorities found ricin , guns in Bergendorff 's Nevada hotel room Thomas Tholen , Bergendorff 's cousin , also faces charges
KERALA , India  CNN  -- Mata Amritanandamayi is known as the "  hugging guru . " Some days , she will sit for up to 20 hours straight as tens of thousands of devotees line up to feel her embrace and hear her whisper motherly advice . Mata Amritanandamayi , aka the "  hugging guru , " embraces everyone she meets in an effort to spread love and healing . Followers come from all over the world to Amma 's ashram , or spiritual center , in Kerala , South India , to get a hug ; many choose to stay . "  There are two types of poverty in the world , financial poverty and the poverty of love ; the second is more important , " says Amritanandamayi , who goes by Amma , which means "  mother " . Amma grew up poor , in the same seaside village on the southern tip of India where she built her ashram . Villagers believed she could cure sick cows . As a young girl , she was known to take what little food her own family had and share it with others . Although Amma shies away from describing herself as psychic or magical , some followers think she is divine . "  I have only one feeling , " says Navaratnama , a young girl from Mangalore , who traveled 11 hours on a train to see Amma . "  That I have touched God . " Navaratnama says she hopes to become pregnant and decided to make the journey to Kerala after Amma appeared to her in several dreams . Followers flock to Amma 's hugs " Amma greets her followers with a steady gaze and a smile ; she listens to their concerns or sometimes just hugs them . Many are too emotional to speak . On a typical weekend day , some 30,000 followers visit the ashram to feel her embrace . Amma says her message to each person she meets is love . "  I want to awaken motherhood in both men and women , " Amma says , referring to selfless love . "  Motherhood is something that is fast disappearing from the world . " Roughly six months each year , Amma leaves her ashram and travels the world , holding meetings in hotel ballrooms in major cities in the United States , Europe and South America . From these places , she gathers even more devotees , many of whom visit her ashram in India as volunteers . Gautam is a fair-haired , freckle-skinned 31-year-old from California who has been living at the ashram for eight years . Before Amma renamed him , he was known as Brian Harvey and worked at Yahoo . "  Before I met Amma , I think it was the typical American lifestyle of living for myself , trying to make myself as comfortable as possible , " Gautam says . He was attracted by Amma 's emphasis on selfless service to others , he says . Gautam now dresses all in white and works for free as one of Amma 's aides . He has even picked up the local language , Maylayalam . The ashram is mix of foreigners and locals working side-by-side . They send out Amma 's newsletters , serve guests in the cafe  one for Western food , one for Indian food  and organize the thousands of visitors who come for a day , a week or several months . Roughly 80 percent of India 's 1.1 billion people are Hindu . The religion 's rituals vary , but generally they are performed by male priests and consist of offerings of sweets , incense , fire and flowers . Amma 's ashram is rooted in the Hindu tradition , but not tied to it . Here you will find female priests conducting ceremonies in the temple . A picture of Jesus hangs in Amma 's private quarters . Visitors of all denominations are welcome . Amma has no formal education , and her philosophy is not of the intellectual kind . She teaches love of neighbor as a means to self-fulfillment and peace . Service , rather than study , is the focus of her work . Unlike many Hindu gurus , Amma does not preach any particular spiritual practice , such as yoga , meditation or chanting . "  Fundamentally , what everyone needs is mental strength and self-confidence , to manage the mind just as we manage the outside , " she says . An Indian newspaper reported that Amma 's income was around $ 80 million last year , although her representatives would not confirm this figure . The money comes from private donations and the sale of books and CDs . Much of this money is in turn given away to help the poor or the those affected by natural disasters . Amma has donated millions of dollars to help the victims of the tsunami in South Asia and Hurricane Katrina in the United States . She also runs a series of homeless shelters in 38 American cities . "  I have no desires , no pleasures , " she says . E-mail to a friend	Mata Amritanandamayi 's religion is rooted in Hinduism but not tied to it She uses hugs as a way to minister to people and teach service to others She believes the lack of love is more significant than financial poverty
AOL Autos  -- Ever get the feeling the cops are driving a much cooler car than you ? Peter Falk 's Liutenant Columbo drove a Peugeot 403 to match his famously disheveled detective persona . For decades drivers have seen police officers cruise past in supremely cool cars from supercharged Mustangs to upgraded AMC Javelins and beyond , while modern police units often consist of high-powered Dodge Hemis and , in one incredible instance , a Lamborghini . Cops or detectives portrayed on TV and in the movies are no different , often driving fatter rides than the drug-dealers they pursue . But which are the coolest cop rides of all time , real or fictional ? Let 's take a look . Dodge Charger Hemi One of the original muscle cars favored by Blue Mountain moonshine and marijuana smugglers to outrun the boys in blue in the 1970s got a swift turnaround a couple years ago with Dodge 's earth-shattering introduction of the new Charger , its Hemi engine and its use by police forces across the nation . Officers generally compare it favorably with standard Crown Victoria vehicles and laud its performance and versatility  which I can vouch for having tested the stock R/T last year  ; upgrades for police use one include steering , brakes and idle-time chip . Almost all are 5.7-liter Hemi variants , which put out a whopping 368hp and top out at 170 mph . AOL Autos : Dodge Charger ` Knight Rider 's ' Ford Mustang GT500KR Forget David Hasselhof 's Speak-n-Spell-voiced Trans-Am , we 're talking serious muscle with Ford 's monstrous Ford Mustang GT500KR that featured in last year 's ill-fated reworking of "  Knight Rider , " a model I also ragged around Los Angeles port about this time last year  and was very careful not to attract the attention of harbor authorities  . The most powerful stock car Ford has built , the Shelby variant seethes and stomps its way to a mile a minute in about the same time as a Corvette but shades it for fun thanks to its astonishing 480lb-ft of torque at 4500rpm and solid-axle rear suspension that allows the back end to fly out on fantastic cop-car action sequences . Trivia : K.I.T.T. , the 1980s original smartcar , stands for Knight Industries Two-Thousand . AOL Autos : Ford Shelby GT500 Italian Police Lamborghini Gallardo Want to make the 424 miles from Turin to Rome in under three hours ? Italian police long ago caught on to the race-driver fanaticism of its citizenry thanks in large part to Ferrari -- and perhaps less so to Fiat -- and its polizia made sure they could keep up earlier this year by springing for a Lambo , perhaps the most incredible police vehicle on the planet . Alongside undeniable performance , this specially equipped supercar offers real-time wireless image-and-voice transmitting equipment and a natty cooler for storing crime scene evidence . Initial reports suggest the Gallardo 's reliability stands up to punishing police driving habits on Italian autostradas surprisingly well . AOL Autos : Lamborghini Gallardo Steve McQueen ` Bullitt ' Ford Mustang GT Long before the Cooler King was the main man to seek out at tailgate parties , Steve McQueen took the nickname and turned on a whole generation to the muscle of the Mustang in his 1968 GT 390 Fastback that bounced and careened around the streets of San Francisco , California , in perhaps the era 's coolest film , and one which regularly tops the charts of best car chase captured on celluloid . The film pioneered cutaway shots of McQueen , an avid rally driver , as he put the big-block pony through its paces in the 10-minute scene but , unusually for the King of Cool , the main star here was his car . Ford released a limited-edition Bullitt commemorative model in 2008 . AOL Autos : Ford Mustang Green Hornet 1966 Chrysler Crown Imperial With some suggesting a movie remake of the 1960s cult series is in the works , attention now focuses on what will take the place of the "  Green Hornet 's " 1966 Chrysler Crown Imperial , famously driven by Bruce Lee  in his role of Kato  . While the angular and rectangular Black Beauty pioneered gizmos like infrared lights , rocket launchers and flipper license plate more associated with Bond 's Aston Martin , it was always Lee and not Van Williams , the Hornet , who got the pleasure of tilting the car onto two wheels to get through narrow alleyways and other criminal hang-outs . Keep your eyes out for the latest movie developments , which may or may not -- but should -- include the famous line : "  Let 's roll , Kato ! " 1970s Pony Cars Judging by the huge rims and lowered suspensions on the Chevy Tahoes currently patrolling Santa Monica beachfront , police departments often like to drop a hint of style and attitude in their rides , too . In the 1970s , decade of Aviator sunglasses and massive sideburns , it was no different . Officers to this day talk about the series of high-performance police vehicles that includes Chevrolet Camaros , Ford Mustangs and the legendary AMC Javelin , all stock V8 power with upgraded brakes and steering that packed more muscles than Bubba in Cell Block D. Most of these specially built units topped out near 150 mph and were especially prized for their straight-line capabilities while an officer in pursuit bumped and nudged his target vehicle in a bid to force them off the road . AOL Autos : Chevy Camaro "  Miami Vice " Ferrari Testarossa The ultimate in machismo cool in its day , though now considered slightly cheeseball , Crockett and Tubbs defined 1980s New Wave slick with their boss combo of boats , ` Bans and Miami Beach swagger . Though the Daytona Spyder 365 driven by the dynamic detectives in the first two series was a kit car replica of various Ferrari panels and equipment bolted onto a Corvette chassis , the twin Testarossas that feature in the later series were donated by Enzo Ferrari , a fan of the show  with an obvious gift for marketing  . The Testarossa would go on to define the Ferrari brand in United States in the 1980s , while a strange breed of setose men in linen suits with no socks can still be spotted in corners of Ford Lauderdale to this day . In director Michael Mann 's 2006 movie , the Testarossa morphs into a suitably stylish F430 . Magnum PI 308GTS As if Don Johnson was n't enough 1980s for one list , we add Tom Selleck to the mix in his role as "  Magnum P.I. " without forgetting how much Selleck 's silky mustache and coiff did for sales of his trademark targa Ferrari 308GTS in the States . Mid-engined and with the smaller wheelbase common to Ferrari 's of the period , 308s sold in record numbers for Ferraris and can still be seen on roads today , indicating that Scaglietti build quality can withstand some serious highway pounding that belies its lightweight fiberglass frame . Selleck steered his on the mean streets of Hawaii , tracking criminals in his role as a private investigator . Not a police vehicle , you say ? Selleck 's mustache qualifies him as an honorary police officer in my book any day . Columbo 's Peugeot 403 "  And one more thing ... " wraps up our list with Peter Falk 's Liutenant Columbo reveling in a dilapidated Peugeot banger to match his famously disheveled detective persona . France 's finest prancing lion , a 1.5 liter four-cylinder that put out a mere 68hp , was a perfect fit with Falk 's seemingly slow-witted persona that ultimately always got his man in the end . Similarly , the 403 , which Columbo delighted in driving the drop-top variant , was a vital cog in Peugeot 's dominance of its domestic and European market with a series of idiosyncratic cars beloved by their followers but which remained a Columbo-esque mystery to their detractors . I had the pleasure of driving an excellent Peugeot 307 cabriolet next to a vintage 403 at a motor show in Europe a couple years back , and felt a slight pang that I was n't wearing a shabby raincoat to match . Blues Brothers Interceptor Mashup Everyone knows the Blues Mobile -- Jake and Elwood 's 1974 Dodge Monaco in "  The Blues Brothers " movie -- but few know where all the cop cars famously smashed to pieces in the film came from . Paul Anderson , a journalist in Los Angeles , says it was his dad , also Paul , a Chicago , Illinois , police radio engineer who was tasked with fixing up the Dodge Polaras and Monacos wrecked in the film  with the Chicago city council spurred into action by the possibility of Steven Spielberg and John Landis coming to their city to make a big-budget movie  . He once recounted to Paul : "  I just remember one day my boss , the lieutenant who always gave me a hard time , came to me and pointed to the auto graveyard where all the out-of-service squad cars were and said , ` See all those cars ? Your job is to get them started . ' I said , ` Are you kidding ? ' " Paul adds : " -LSB- My Dad -RSB- had a savant-like ability to rescue beaters from near-death experiences . When the movie came out , he went to see it like everyone else and he could remember each and every one of those cars . "	Officers laud the Dodge Charger Hemi 's performance and versatility Italian Police often drive the Lamborghini Gallardo Paul Anderson found police cars to smash up in Blue Brothers film Detectives drive Daytona Spyder 365 in the first two "  Miami Vice " series
CNN  -- Answers have been elusive on what may have contributed to the February 15 , 2011 , ambush that killed a U.S. agent and injured another while on assignment in Mexico . Was Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata 's death due in part to negligence by his supervisors ? Do the U.S. gun shops that sold the weapons used in the attack share some responsibility ? What about the armored vehicle company whose SUV failed to protect the agents ? Now , the family of the slain agent , in a $ 75 million lawsuit filed Tuesday , alleges that all these and more were responsible for Zapata 's death . The court docket originally listed a $ 75 billion demand , but was amended on Thursday . A second immigration agent , Victor Avila , was wounded when he and Zapata were ambushed on a highway in San Luis Potosi . The two were traveling to Mexico City in an armored car with diplomatic plates . They were run off the road and attacked from two vehicles by gunmen who fired indiscriminately , Mexican authorities said . Avila is also a plaintiff in the lawsuit . The lawsuit names more than 20 defendants , including the U.S. government , the straw purchasers who acquired the weapons used , and the federal firearms officials who oversaw the flawed "  Fast and Furious " operation aimed at tracking the flow of weapons across the U.S.-Mexican border . Some people , including Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , have asked whether a "  gun-walking " program similar to Fast and Furious played a role in Zapata 's killing . Is Mexico becoming the new Iraq for American agents ? The lawsuit alleges that as early as 2010 , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives had identified brothers Otilio and Ranferi Osorio and Kelvin Morrison as straw purchasers for Mexican cartels , but did not act to stop them from purchasing more weapons , a pair of which ultimately found their way to the crime scene in Mexico . "  ATF had an opportunity and probable cause to arrest the Osorio brothers and Morrison but failed to do so , " the lawsuit states . It names the departments of Justice and Homeland Security , as well as the supervisors of Fast and Furious , as the group that developed the strategy of letting guns "  walk " that was allegedly also used in Texas . The government "  placed weapons in the hands of a dangerous criminal organization and failed to warn , thereby placing agents Zapata and Avila in harm 's way , " according to the lawsuit . Tuesday 's filing follows a similar lawsuit filed two months ago by the family of slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . His killing in Arizona , near the Mexican border , brought the strategy of gun walking to light . Terry 's family sued federal officials and the owner of a gun shop . The Zapata suit goes further , blaming the agents ' supervisors for sending them on the risky trip to pick up a package . The U.S. Embassy in Mexico had issued a warning to avoid driving in certain regions , and there were other options for delivering the package , the lawsuit states . "  Despite opposition by Avila and despite having full knowledge of the dangers present with the package pick-up ,  the supervisors  instructed Avila and Zapata to proceed with the directive , " the court document states . The company that built the armored Chevrolet Suburban that the agents were in also shares responsibility for "  faulty safety features " on the vehicle , the lawsuit alleges . After Zapata was forced to pull over after being boxed in by his assailants , he placed the vehicle in "  park , " which automatically unlocked the doors , creating the opportunity the attackers needed to breach the vehicle , it says . Finally , the lawsuit says the gun sellers should have been aware of false statements made by the straw buyers whose gun purchases ended up in Mexico . "  All of these illegal firearm purchases occurred under extremely suspicious circumstances , " according to the lawsuit . One of the gun sellers named in the suit , JJ 's Pawn Shop in Beaumont , Texas , says it did nothing illegal . The president of the pawn shop , Jim Hedrick , said he was not aware of the lawsuit , but remembers the gun purchase in question . The ATF and FBI both went through the buyer 's paperwork and approved the sale , he said . The Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency continues to mourn Zapata 's loss and honors his sacrifice , but it does not comment on pending litigation as a matter of policy , spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez said . Responses were not immediately available from the other named defendants . One of the suspects in Zapata 's killing , Julian Zapata Espinoza , also known as "  Tweety , " was arrested in Mexico and extradited to the United States in late 2011 . He is charged in a four-count indictment with murdering an officer or employee of the United States ; one count of attempted murder of an officer of employees of the United States ; one count of attempted murder of an internationally protected person ; and one count of using , carrying , brandishing and discharging a firearm during and in relation to a crime of violence causing death . Zapata Espinoza pleaded not guilty and is awaiting trial .	NEW : The court docket is amended to state that the lawsuit is for $ 75 million The family of a slain immigration agent is suing the government and many others An agent who survived the attack in San Luis Potosi is also a plaintiff The lawsuit calls a number of people negligent in decisions leading to the 2011 attack
London  CNN  -- Nearly four decades after he brought an invasion of mutant , flesh-eating rodents to London with his first novel , "  The Rats , " UK chiller writer James Herbert has died aged 69 . Herbert , who followed up his best-selling debut with another hit , "  The Fog , " and another 21 books over the decades , was seen as a British rival to U.S. horror supremo Stephen King . Other top sellers include "  Portent , " "  Others " and "  The Secret of Crickley Hall . " His most recent novel , the paranormal detective story "  Ash , " was published last year . Publisher Pan Macmillan said that he died peacefully at home Wednesday morning . Jeremy Trevathan , Herbert 's editor at Macmillan for 10 years , described him as a "  keystone author in a genre that had its heyday in the 1970s and 1980s . " He was published in 34 languages , including Russian and Chinese , and has sold more than 54 million copies worldwide , according to Pan Macmillan . "  It 's a true testament to his writing and his enduring creativity that his books continued to be huge bestsellers right up until his death , " said Trevathan . "  He has the rare distinction that his novels were considered classics of the genre within his lifetime . His death marks the passing of one of the giants of popular fiction in the 20th century . " Fans of his books paid tribute to the indelible mark they left on the readers ' psyche . "  Sad news about James Herbert -- as a teen , I scared myself silly reading him . He led me to King , Barker , others . RIP ... " said crime writer Ian Rankin on Twitter . Broadcaster Jenni Falconer tweeted : "  Sad news about James Herbert . His book series ` The Rats ' has kept me on high alert whenever I 'm on the tube !!  I read it 20 yrs ago !  " Born in the East End of London , the son of street traders , Herbert grew up in Whitechapel -- where Jack the Ripper once stalked his victims -- in an area badly hit by Second World War bombing raids . The rodents he saw scurrying around the ruined buildings were to inspire his first work , according to a fan website . The manuscript for "  The Rats , " published in 1974 at 175 pages in length , was written in just 10 months while Herbert was working at an advertising agency . He had found a job there after studying graphic design , print and photography at Hornsey College of Art , and eventually rose to a senior role . Four of his novels were made into films , while another was serialized for television and a fifth was dramatized for radio . Herbert was presented with an honor , the Order of the British Empire , by Queen Elizabeth II in 2010 . In the same year , he was made the Grand Master of Horror by the World of Horror Convention . He lived in Sussex , in southern England , with his wife of more than 40 years , Eileen , with whom he had three daughters .	James Herbert died peacefully at home , his publisher says More than 54 million copies of his 23 novels were sold worldwide "  His death marks the passing of one of the giants of popular fiction , " says editor In his debut , "  The Rats , " a plague of mutant , flesh-eating rodents invaded London
CNN  -- "  Barney Oldfield 's Race for a Life "  1913  is a 13-minute silent movie . In it , Oldfield , the most famous auto racer of his day , races to rescue a damsel in distress whom a mustache-twirling villain has chained to a railroad track . You can watch the whole thing on YouTube if you like . Spoiler alert : A few of the characters get killed . A hundred years later , Danica Patrick , the most famous auto racer of HER day , will be on a track Sunday in the race of HER life . Very vulnerable , very motivated , she will be a hero to many in the audience and a villain to some . Go , Danni . Daytona 500s have been running since 1959 . They have been won by Richard Petty and his dad , by Dale Earnhardt , Jr. and his dad , by Davey Allison and his dad , by the brothers Waltrip , by a 50-year-old , by a 20-year-old and by a whole lot of fine gents down South . Just ai n't never been won by no woman . I will be pulling for Patrick , now that she holds the pole position for Sunday 's race , for this reason and for no other -- just because it would be something unique . A surge forward . A giant checkered flag for womankind . Bleacher Report : Danica Patrick Still Has Much to Prove Amidst NASCAR 's Best Drivers You often see women IN auto races . You just seldom see women WIN auto races . I have n't personally seen one cross a finish line first since Lindsay Lohan drove a VW Beetle to victory in that movie "  Herbie : Fully Loaded . " Excuse me , then , for being of the opinion that Danica Patrick winning the Daytona 500 would be a pretty cool thing . It would be up there with other unlikely things I never expected to see in my lifetime , like Ben Affleck maybe beating Steven Spielberg for an Oscar . Now , note that I did n't call this person the most distinguished driver of her day . Or the best in any way .  Except at posing in a bikini . I have a high regard for the men of this profession , many of whom might find Patrick 's famous face in their rear-view mirrors Sunday on their cannonball run toward Victory Lane . It would n't shock me a bit if her green No. 10 Chevrolet SS ended up in the back of the pack . Or racked or wrecked . Or up on some tow truck 's hook . Or overheating under the hood like a '57 Bel Air . Pits happen . If things do go wrong , that 's OK . They do to everybody , male or female . Cars break down . Drivers make mistakes . Jerks come out of nowhere and cut you off . Hey , consider yourself lucky these days if you go for a drive and do n't end up waiting for deep-voiced Dennis Haysbert and his insurance folks from Allstate . Bleacher Report : Daytona 500 : Danica Patrick Can Break Ground for Women 's Sports with Victory Patrick 's life will be totally fine even if she does n't win . She makes a ton of money . She has a mean , green publicity machine . She even has a new boyfriend .  A fellow driver , Ricky Stenhouse Jr.  She still has her Go Daddy ! ads , although , to be perfectly frank with you , I still have no clue to this day what it is Go Daddy ! is supposed to do for you . She is resented by some for her fame . "  What has she ever won ? " is a common refrain . Hey , this woman placed third in the 2009 Indianapolis 500 . That is not nothing . Do you know what the great Barney Oldfield 's best finish was in an Indy 500 ? Fifth . He still ended up in movies and doing endorsements and becoming the most famous car racer of his time . That 's show biz . Patrick has come a long way since being a high school cheerleader in Rockton , Illinois , during her Fast Times at Hononegah High teens . She drove go-karts . She had a need for speed . She liked to get behind the wheel of anything with wheels . What else would you expect of someone born in Beloit , Wisconsin , where a man  Arthur P. Warner  supposedly invented the first automobile speedometer ? Or from a woman who was brought up in an Illinois county called Winnebago . I mean , some girls are born to be debutantes or doctors . Danica Patrick was born to be first in line at the DMV . She is not a true pioneer . I mean , we are not talking Amelia Earhart here . Odette Siko and Marguerite Mareuse , a couple of Frenchwomen , drove a Bugatti in the 24 Hours of LeMans endurance race of 1932 . They took seventh place . I can confirm neither did a sexy ad for a "  Go Pere ! " website . Sarah Fisher has driven in the Indy 500 nine times , Lyn St. James seven times . I once covered a Riverside , California , race where a Ford Mustang driven by St. James was going 160 mph when it swerved into a wall and burst into flames , while a rival car went airborne . St. James was bruised and battered , but limped away to race another day . Female drivers are tough , man . Shirley Muldowney 's nitro-fuel dragster once had a front tire blow in Montreal and she broke both legs when it crashed . If you go to Shirley 's website , the autographed items you can purchase include her fire suits . It is n't as if Daytona has n't seen any estrogen along with all that testosterone .  No , these are not new products from Pennzoil .  As far back as 1977 , a true trailblazer , Janet Guthrie , drove in the 500 . She finished ahead of Bobby Allison , David Pearson , Ricky Rudd , Salt Walther , Richard Petty -- not bad . So she never won it . Big flamin ' deal . You think it 's easy to race WITH the best , much less beat them , hey , let 's see you try it . Bleacher Report : Danica Patrick : Why a Win at Daytona 500 Would Ruffle Feathers of Fellow Drivers Daytona 500s attract the best drivers in the business . It is the Super Bowl of its sport . It has given its fans countless thrills , ever since Lee Petty  daddy of Richard  sped to the checkered flag in his Olds simultaneously with Johnny Beauchamp 's T-Bird in a photo finish that required three days to sort out . Petty won and was handed a nice $ 19,000 , if you 'll pardon the expression , purse . Oh , the great competitors we have seen , from "  Fireball " Roberts to "  Tiny " Lund , from the coincidental Yarborough  Cale  vs. Yarbrough  LeeRoy  clash of 1968 , from the climactic spinout of '76 when Pearson was able to get his Mercury to crawl and sputter across the finish line . What a blast it was in 1989 to see Darrell Waltrip finally win at Daytona on his 17th try -- and on fumes , with a fuel tank that was very definitely on E . What a pleasure to see the superpopular , bizarrely doomed Dale Earnhardt take the checkered flag there in '98 after two decades of being a Daytona also-ran . To win on the same track where in 2001 he would die . On the same track where in 2004 the same race would be won by his son . Legends and lore are what it 's all about at the Daytona 500 . So I would n't mind this one becoming the Danica 500 . Floor it , lady . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	No woman has ever won the Daytona 500 Danica Patrick holds the pole position for Sunday 's race Mike Downey says a win for Danica Patrick would be "  giant checkered flag for womankind " Downey : "  I will be pulling for Patrick "
CNN  -- The protests that have spread through parts of the Arab world led to dramatic change in another country Tuesday , as Jordan 's king dismissed his government . King Abdullah II made the decision following protests in recent weeks in which several thousand people demanded economic and political reforms . Experts on the region said Tuesday Abdullah 's decision was aimed at warding off larger-scale demonstrations in the wake of the huge protests in Tunisia and Egypt . The Tunisia protests , which began the movement , toppled that country 's government . In Egypt , President Hosni Mubarak has fired his Cabinet , but protesters in massive demonstrations continue to call for his ouster . The protests -- which have also caught on to various extents in Algeria , Yemen , and Sudan -- have proved to be "  a real watershed event for the Arab world , " said Blake Hounshell , managing editor of Foreign Policy magazine . "  It 's really unprecedented . " There was a series of protests in Arab nations in the 1950s , but those were prompted by an ideology of Pan-Arabism in a post-colonial world , said Emile Hokayem , with the International Institute for Strategic Studies . A 2005 uprising in Lebanon was about independence and ousting Syria . While it was successful , the revolution 's message was not one that other nations associated with , he said . "  It 's different this time . People are standing up for their economic rights , their dignity . It 's very different , " said Hokayem . Ibrahim Sharqieh of the Brookings Institution said there 's a whole new mind-set . "  The Tunisian uprising has caused change in the attitude and behavior of ordinary Arab citizens -- and today we are witnessing the emergence of a can-do nation attitude , " he explained . Economic concerns have fueled the protests across the region . At a speech Tuesday in Singapore , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , managing director of the International Monetary Fund , said the need for action against unemployment was "  a strong undercurrent of the political turmoil in Tunisia , and of rising social strains in other countries , " according to his prepared remarks . Arab leaders have been getting the message , Hokayem said , noting an article in the Wall Street Journal in which Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said leaders must "  see the need of reform " before protests like those in Egypt and Tunisia break out , because by then "  it 's too late to do any reform . " Abdullah 's decision and Assad 's remarks "  are preventive moves , " said Hokayem . Hounshell noted that the Jordanian king has sacked his government before in recent years . "  But in the context of what 's happening now , it 's going to be seen as a way to get ahead of these protests . " When the Tunisia protests proved successful at first , many analysts still doubted a "  domino theory " would play out through the Middle East , said Hokayem , because each nation has a different structure , population , and set of challenges . But "  right now , it seems like it 's a possibility . So I think governments are trying to prevent what could be copycat movements in the region . " The level of solidarity in the Arab world has come as a surprise to some experts , said Hokayem . But "  it 's a matter of psychology at this point . People feel that there is an overture , and they want to push , want to do it . " Still , there are key differences . "  I still think that monarchies have an edge in terms of legitimacy , " Hokayem said . Tunisia , Egypt , and Yemen are officially republics , and leaders were gearing up for successions by bringing their children to power , sparking fury and frustration in an underserved population . In Gulf state monarchies , such as Jordan and Saudi Arabia , uprisings that threaten the government are "  less likely , " said Hounshell . "  But I would n't rule it out . " The United States views Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia as key allies in the region . The Saudi kingdom has been stable for decades . "  If Saudi Arabia starts to see popular protests , " said Hounshell , "  then you 're really going to see people in Washington freak out . " It remains unclear how far the change in any of these countries might go . In Jordan , whether the king will regain support from protesters by dismissing his government is "  a million dollar question , " said Hounshell .	NEW : Analyst : A "  can-do nation attitude " is emerging Whether Jordan 's king will gain support is a "  million dollar question " "  It 's really unprecedented , " Hounshell says Experts believe monarchies may be more secure
Two men have been arrested in connection with terror-related activities , a U.S. attorney in Texas said Wednesday . Michael Todd Wolfe , 23 , of Austin , was arrested Tuesday at George H.W. Bush Houston Intercontinental Airport just before he boarded a flight to Europe , authorities said in a statement . Wolfe is charged "  with attempting to provide material support to terrorists . " He "  planned to travel to the Middle East to provide his services to radical groups engaged in armed conflict in Syria , " according to a complaint . On February 2 , an undercover agent met with Wolfe and his wife and they watched a YouTube video about foreign fighters in Syria , officials say . Wolfe allegedly discussed the activities of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , the Sunni militant group fighting in Syria and staging an offensive against Iraq . "  While watching the video , Wolfe occasionally stopped the video to explain the current allegiances of the various groups fighting in Syria . They include ISIS , al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , the Free Syria Army , and Dawla , " a complaint said . Rahatul Ashikim Khan , 23 , of Round Rock , was arrested in a separate case at his home and charged with "  conspiring to provide material support to terrorists . " A complaint said Khan "  conspired with others to recruit persons to travel overseas to support terrorist activities including committing violent jihad " during a period from early 2011 to January 2012 . "  This case is the culmination of a long-term investigation by the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force made up of local , state and federal law enforcement agencies in Central Texas . It 's a textbook example of how well law enforcement agencies in this area work together , " U.S. Attorney Robert Pitman said in a statement . His office covers the western district of the state , including Austin and San Antonio . The men are in federal custody and a detention hearing is set for 2:30 p.m. Friday before a U.S. magistrate in Austin . They face up to 15 years in federal prison and a maximum $ 250,000 fine if convicted . Eight suspected Islamic militants arrested in Spain Malaysian police round up suspected terrorists	One of the suspects discussed the activities of ISIS They are both from the Austin area of Texas They face up to 15 years in federal prison
New Delhi  CNN  -- Flooding in southern India in the wake of a tropical cyclone has killed 25 people in the past few days and driven tens of thousands of others from their homes , authorities said Tuesday . The severe weather has caused flooding affecting 5,250 square kilometers  2,000 square miles  of agricultural land in the state of Andhra Pradesh , according to Vinod Kumar , an official at the state 's disaster management department . Cyclone Nilam roared into India 's southeastern coast last week , killing at least 15 people in the state of Tamil Nadu and running a large oil tanker aground on the shore near Chennai . The storm had already been drenching coastal areas with rain as it loitered over the sea north of Sri Lanka before it made landfall . It brought more than a month 's rainfall in just a few of days , according to CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . The "  high impact , long duration " nature of the downpours "  overwhelmed the rivers and streams " and led to the disastrous flooding , Cabrera said . About 70,000 people in Andhra Pradesh , which is north of Tamil Nadu , have been relocated to temporary shelters , Kumar said Tuesday . The flooding has killed 25 people in the state , he said . The full extent of the damage to crops wo n't be known until after the flood waters recede , according to authorities . Tropical cyclones tend to occur in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea during the April-to-June and September-to-November periods . A violent tropical storm killed at least 23 people in southeastern Bangladesh last month . And a powerful cyclone that hit India and Bangladesh in May 2009 killed at least 180 people . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	About 70,000 people are in temporary shelters because of the floods Heavy rain from a tropical storm overwhelmed the water system The flooding has killed 25 people in the state of Andhra Pradesh It has also affected thousands of square kilometers of crops
CNN  -- Capt. Phil Harris of the Discovery Channel show "  The Deadliest Catch " died Tuesday of complications from a stroke suffered late last month . He was 53 . Harris , the tattooed and gruff captain of the Cornelia Marie , was a fan favorite in the reality show about crab fishing off Alaska . "  Discovery mourns the loss of dear friend and colleague Captain Phil Harris . He was more than someone on our television screen . Phil was a devoted father and loyal friend to all who knew him , " a statement from the network said . "  We will miss his straightforward honesty , wicked sense of humor and enormous heart . " Harris suffered a massive stroke on January 29 while his crew offloaded crab at St. Paul Island , Alaska . "  It is with great sadness that we say goodbye to our dad -- Captain Phil Harris , " said a statement from his sons , Jake and Josh Harris . "  Dad has always been a fighter and continued to be until the end . "	Capt. Phil Harris was a fan favorite in reality show about crab fishing off Alaska Harris , 53 , suffered a stroke late last month He 's described as a man of "  straightforward honesty , wicked sense of humor "
CNN  -- North Korea plans to begin a trial against a U.S. citizen detained there last year , state media said Saturday , complicating tense relations between the two nations . Pae Jun Ho entered North Korea as a tourist on November 3 , according to the Korean Central News Agency . After his detention , evidence revealed he had committed an unspecified crime against the country , the news agency said . The agency said he confessed to the alleged offense , but did not say what it was . "  He will soon be taken to the Supreme Court of the DPRK to face judgment , " the news agency said , using the official name of the country , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . North Korea and the United States do not have diplomatic relations . Consular officials from the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , which looks after U.S. interests in North Korea , visited Pae on Friday . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States is working closely with Swedish embassy officials . "  Welfare of U.S. citizens overseas is a critical priority of the Department of State , " Psaki said . The developments come amid tense relations between North Korea and two countries it is frequently at odds with , South Korea and the United States . In recent weeks , the North has intensified threats against its neighbor and the United States . CNN 's Elise Labott and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. says it is working closely with Swedish officials on the case Pae Jun Ho entered North Korea in November State media : He committed an unspecified crime against the country "  He will soon be taken to the Supreme Court , " a state news agency says
Bangkok  CNN  -- Ousted Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra faces impeachment by the country 's Senate , following her indictment by an anti-corruption body the day after a top court removed her from office . Members of the National Anti-Corruption Committee unanimously decided to indict Yingluck for dereliction of duty over her government 's controversial rice subsidy scheme , NACC member Wicha Mahakun told reporters in Bangkok Thursday . The Senate will now vote on whether to impeach her . Asked how the 46-year-old could be impeached when she had already been dismissed from the premiership , Wicha said the case still needed to be reviewed by the Senate , as Yingluck could be banned from holding political office for five years if impeached . Analysts had speculated that Yingluck 's replacement as caretaker prime minister , Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan , may also be implicated in the affair , but Wicha did not announce any measures against the new premier . An NACC committee was also considering whether to file criminal charges against Yingluck , but had not yet found sufficient evidence , he said . The program , introduced in 2011 , pledged to pay farmers well above the market rate for their rice , but has run into financial problems . Critics say it has wasted large amounts of public funds trying to please rural voters , hurting exports and leaving the government with large stockpiles of rice it ca n't sell without losing money . Yingluck has previously said she was only in charge of developing policy around the scheme , not its day-to-day implementation , accusing the commission of unfair treatment . READ MORE : Yingluck denies corruption allegations over rice program ` Political freefall ' The news broke as both sides of Thailand 's political divide are vowing mass rallies in Bangkok in the wake of the former prime minister 's ousting , with analysts warning the country faces "  political freefall " and the potential resumption of violent clashes . As tensions and rhetoric escalated Thursday , officials confirmed a grenade had been thrown at the house of one of the Constitutional Court judges whose ruling Wednesday forced Yingluck Shinawatra and nine cabinet ministers from office , in what her supporters see as a "  judicial coup . " Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , security advisor to the Prime Minister , said nobody was hurt in the early morning attack on the home of judge Jumpot Kaimook . "  It landed on his garage , " he said . The court removed Yingluck , who was elected in 2011 and had been serving as caretaker prime minister until elections could be held , after finding her guilty of violating the country 's constitution for reassigning a senior security official in 2011 . The official was replaced by the then national police chief , whose role in turn was given to Priewpan Damapong , a relative of Yingluck . Damapong is the brother of the ex-wife of Thaksin Shinawatra , Yingluck 's brother who was overthrown as prime minister in a military coup in 2006 and has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction . ` Polarization to intensify ' The dismissal of Yingluck , who has been replaced by Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister Niwatthamrong , has deepened Thailand 's protracted political crisis , which has occasionally spilled over into deadly violence . Analysts say the move has heightened the risk of clashes between opposing camps , and made near-term compromise solutions unlikely . "  The post-Yingluck polarization is likely to deepen and intensify , " said Thitinan Pongsudhirak , political scientist at Chulalongkorn University . "  We are now looking at a political freefall ... Much worse looks likely in the near term , before we can hope for improved circumstances in the longer term . " Analyst Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates , a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , said the court 's removal of an elected prime minister on what he described as "  fairly weak " grounds was viewed by the government 's supporters as a case of politically motivated judicial overreach . "  They consider it a way to usurp democratic elections , " he said . Yingluck is the third Thaksin-linked prime minister to be dismissed by the Constitutional Court , which also dissolved Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai political party in 2007 , raising suspicions among government supporters that the institution was biased against them . Thitinan said the appointment as caretaker prime minister of Niwatthamrong , seen as closely affiliated to Yingluck and her brother , was poor judgment , especially when another deputy prime minister , Pongthep Thepkanchana , would have been a more acceptable compromise candidate . "  He lacks the stature and networks to see through an interim caretaker administration , " he said . "  Nevertheless , no matter who comes in as the new caretaker , the tensions will mount . " Widening divide Thailand 's widening political divide pits anti-government , predominantly urban "  yellow shirt " protesters against the pro-government , mainly rural and working class "  red shirts . " The yellow shirts , drawn mainly from Bangkok 's middle class , royalist establishment , allege that Yingluck is her brother 's puppet and seek to rid Thai politics of her family 's influence . Led by the People 's Democratic Reform Committee  PDRC  , they began their protests in November , outraged by her government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for the return of Thaksin to the political fray in earnest . Parliament was then dissolved in December ahead of a February general election that was disrupted by anti-government protesters , and subsequently ruled invalid by the Constitutional Court . The yellow shirts are seeking a new government -- but not through elections , which the opposition Democrat Party has boycotted , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals makes widespread reform necessary before any meaningful vote can be held . "  They claim the Thaksin clan as they call  it  is corrupt and has dominated the country 's politics , and the only way forward is to remove the Thaksin influence from politics and not have elections , " said Quaglia . PDRC leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party , has instead called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " But Quaglia said the opposition 's real motivation for avoiding elections was clear . "  The Democrat Party say ` No , we ca n't have elections , ' because they know they will lose those elections . " In contrast , the red shirt supporters of Yingluck and her brother , many of whom hail the north and northeast of the country , accuse the court of bias against their side . Hundreds of protesters from the anti-government PDRC gathered in Bangkok Thursday as they have for six months , calling on supporters to join them for a mass rally Friday to push for a new government . PDRC spokesman Akanat Phrompan told CNN his movement did not recognize the legitimacy of the caretaker government . "  Currently there is no government to govern this country , so we must find a way to appoint a new government . " ` Breaking point ' Meanwhile , the red shirts are planning their own rally in Bangkok Saturday to protest what Quaglia said they saw as "  a judicial coup . " In the wake of the court 's ruling Wednesday , supporters at the red shirts ' Bangkok headquarters were defiant . "  This is the breaking point now , everything is leading up to the breaking point , " Kanthira Ketawandee , a Bangkok piano teacher and Yingluck supporter , told CNN . "  I would say Yingluck has died  in  her duty for democracy . " Thida Thavornset , a red shirt leader , urged supporters to join Saturday 's rally . "  We wo n't give up until we win . " Elections are scheduled for July 20 , but Thitinan said he believed it was "  unlikely " that a vote would proceed in the wake of recent developments . "  The PDRC appears intent on pressing on for an appointment government of its preference , which can only galvanize red shirt protests , " he said . "  A showdown is looming . "	Ousted Thai PM Yingluck Shinawatra will face impeachment proceedings Yingluck was dismissed by a court Wednesday over reassigning a security official Analysts warn of a potential resumption of political violence in response to rising tensions A grenade was thrown at the house of a judge who dismissed Yingluck ; noone was hurt
Brazil is hoping to make the 2014 World Cup "  one of the most protected sports events in history , " the government said on Wednesday as it announced a $ 900 million investment in its security forces . It plans to have one police officer for every 50 people attending the soccer matches , and one for every 80 people at public viewing events around the country . "  The government has made a program to compile the measures needed for everyone 's security . This is an item that we face with much importance , " said sports minister Aldo Rebelo . World football 's ruling body FIFA has expressed concerns about Brazil 's increasing crime rate , particularly in Sao Paulo , as well as worries that the South American nation 's infrastructure is behind schedule . "  We are seeing a big wave of crime in Sao Paulo , which is not good for its image or tourism , " FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke said last month . Brazil 's ` sugar seats ' solution Rebelo said the issues are being addressed . "  The Sao Paulo government adopted measures and responses for security together with the federal government , who offered help . The actions are being adopted together for the World Cup , " he said . Valcke made few friends in Brazil earlier this year when he criticized the lack of progress being made in providing sufficient hotels and transport facilities , and was forced to apologize . He said last month that the problems remain , but acknowledged that steps are being taken . "  In one unnamed city there are 17,000 hotel bedrooms and a 45,000 capacity stadium , " said Valcke , suggesting that tourists may struggle to find accommodation . "  But we have now moved from talking about the problems to talking about the solutions . " Brazil gang 's slaughter of police sparks fightback The Brazil World Cup bid team has increased its security budget as the country prepares to host the tournament for the first time since 1950 , as well as next year 's precursor Confederations Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics . It is investing in hi-tech vehicles , helicopters and surveillance equipment , with the $ 900 million to be spent coming from a wider $ 15 billion budget for infrastructure . "  Security has become an ever-increasing issue for major sporting events in the past decade , " the World Cup organizers said in a statement . "  This has increased the level of information exchange between countries that have recently hosted events to ensure public safety . " The last World Cup was held in South Africa , another country with crime problems . Its government said it invested 640 million rand  $ 70 million  to deploy 31,000 police officials during the tournament . It set aside a total budget of R1 .3 billion  $ 150 million  for security , and said after the 2010 event it had spent R572 million  $ 65 million  on crowd control equipment , crime scene trainers , helicopters , water cannons , new body armor and 100 BMWs for highway patrol . More recently , the British government budgeted # 553 million  $ 890 million  on security for the London 2012 Olympics , plus # 475 million  $ 760 million  for army , security services and police spending . It caused outrage with plans to put anti-terrorist rocket launchers on the roofs of civilian homes . London 2012 organizers were forced to bring in armed forces after the Games ' private security contractor , G4S , was unable to fulfill its obligations as it did not recruit sufficient workers . Brazil has been taking advice from Canada , which hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . "  That 's how it should be done , as we did : learn from those who were in charge of security for other events before us , " Royal Canadian Mounted Police superintendent Kevin Bruyckere said . "  It 's important to make the most of what others have done previously to plan security . The relationship between countries and the law enforcement agencies of these countries is very important . I know Brazil is working closely with the international community . "	Brazilian government trying to overcome security problems with big investment It is allocating $ 900 million to security out of a $ 15 billion infrastructure budget Soccer 's ruling body has expressed concerns about crime wave in Sao Paulo Brazil says it is learning lessons from previous big events such as Winter Olympics
CNN  -- As if dealing with the impact of devastating storm surges , drenching rains and potent winds were n't hard enough , hundreds of thousands in New York and northern New Jersey battled a new adversary Saturday night : the cold . The National Weather Service forecast temperatures would dip into the 30s in Belle Harbor , New York , and Cape May , New Jersey . And even after the sun rises Sunday , residents may be lucky if the thermostat tops 50 degrees . For many , keeping warm is n't simply a matter of turning on the heat , after Superstorm Sandy knocked out gas lines and electricity . Some 2.4 million people had no power for a fifth straight day Saturday , their patience running low , along with the temperatures . Several residents in the Rockaways , in Queens , vented their frustrations at New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg as he toured the area Saturday . One woman yelled , "  When are we going to get some help ! " while a man talked about "  old ladies in my building who have got nothing . " Supplementing and , in some cases , dissatisfied with the government response , neighbors and volunteers from afar to hard-hit areas Saturday to offer food , clothing and whatever else to those who are still cold and hungry . "  We covered two children with a blanket freezing and shivering here trying to get food last night , " Rockaway resident Lauren O'Connor told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  We said we had to do something . " Official : Sandy-stricken areas will vote ` come hell or high water ' At a Saturday news conference , Bloomberg admitted he 'd encountered many who were "  worried and frustrated and cold " and urged those without electricity to go to a shelter or find another "  warm place " to stay . "  Please , I know sometimes people are reticent to take advantage of services -- the cold really is something that is dangerous , " he said . For all the continued problems , however , many residents and officials also could point to progress Saturday . More public transit services were back running , fewer people were out of power , and even the days-long gas shortage showed signs of abating . "  We need to continue to focus now on the next phase -- returning to normalcy , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said restoring electricity is the top priority , reiterating Saturday that his state will hold utilities accountable if they were n't prepared for Sandy . More than 835,000 customers were in the dark statewide by mid-afternoon . Marathon canceled One of New York 's top utilities , Con Edison , has restored power to all but 270,000 of its initially 940,000 customers affected by the storm , Senior Vice President John Miksad said . Bloomberg praised that company , while blasting the Long Island Power Authority -- which services the Rockaway peninsula -- for not having "  acted aggressively enough . " "  We realize that LIPA has outages throughout Long Island , but the Rockaways were the hardest hit by the storm , " he said , adding that the utility indicated it could take two weeks to restore power there . "  When it comes to prioritizing resources , we think they should be first in line . So far that has not appeared to be the case , and that is certainly not acceptable . " LIPA did not immediately respond Saturday night to CNN requests for comment on the mayor 's criticism . But the utility 's official Twitter feed was active , with promises of extra crews and that 90 % of its customers should have power by late Wednesday . Both Bloomberg and Cuomo praised the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for restoring 80 % of subway services in New York City . The mayor said it should be up to 90 % by Sunday . "  Not only did they try hard , but they got it done , " Cuomo said . Powering cars and trucks is another issue , as evidenced by long lines at gas stations around the region . Long gas lines test patience Christie noted that about 70 % of gas stations from Interstate 195 and points north were n't operating Saturday -- not necessarily because they did not have gas , but because they could n't pump it due to power outages .  By comparison , about 95 % of stations south of Interstate 195 were working , he said . In Suffolk County on New York 's Long Island , Leah Cepeda-Winfield said people were sleeping in their cars around 3 a.m. Saturday , trying to be first in line once the pumps reopened . About eight hours later , lines were still about a quarter-mile long . "  It seems that these long lines are everywhere you go , " said Cepeda-Winfield , a CNN iReporter . Still , a concerted effort in recent days to address the gas shortage appears to have yielded some positive results . Whereas the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported no gas in 67 % of metropolitan New York stations on Friday , the federal agency estimated that figure plummeted to 38 % on Saturday . In addition to other sources again flowing into the region , the federal government announced Friday night it would deliver 12 million gallons of unleaded gas and 10 million gallons of diesel to dispense around the hard-hit region . Such fuel had already arrived at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst and was being shipped out to stations , Christie said Saturday . Powerless in New Jersey The governor also singled out Hess , based in Woodbridge , New Jersey , for distributing gas to rival companies whose stations had run dry . "  That 's what New Jersey is all about , " he said . Drivers in New York City and Long Island , meanwhile , were able beginning Saturday to fill up directly from 5,000-gallon fuel trucks moving around the area . Plus , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano issued a temporary waiver of the Jones Act , allowing oil tankers from the Gulf of Mexico to enter northeastern ports . On Saturday , officials cheered developments on several fronts . With one small exception , the Port of New York and New Jersey is now open to all vessels , the Coast Guard said . All water has been removed from the once-flooded World Trade Center work site , said Cuomo . Nearly $ 28 million in federal disaster emergency grants have been allocated across nine counties , the governor added . Migration to coast heightens impact of storms Still , as millions can attest , headaches and heartache from Sandy persist . The 900-mile-wide superstorm left a huge swath of damage when it hit the Northeast this week , claiming at least 106 lives in the United States and two in Canada after earlier killing 67 around the Caribbean . Worst-hit New York state suffered 48 deaths , including 41 in New York City , authorities said . Twenty of those were in Staten Island . As communities grapple with the human toll , the price of the damage is stunning : between $ 30 billion and $ 50 billion , according to disaster modeling firm Eqecat . That far exceeds the firm 's pre-storm estimate of $ 20 billion . The region may be in for more bad weather , with a weaker storm predicted for next week . But Christie , for one , is n't ready for that quite yet . "  I know there are some forecasts of a Nor'easter next week , " the governor said . "  I ca n't believe it . " 7 health risks in the wake of the superstorm CNN 's Faith Karimi , David Ariosto , Erinn Cawthon , Henry Hanks and Maria White contributed to this report	Cold temperatures heighten health and other concerns in areas still without power New York 's mayor says 90 % of New York subway services should be restored by Sunday Con Edison : All but 270,000 of its once 940,000 affected customers have power
CNN  -- A man has been arrested in connection with the shooting deaths of two Michigan women , including a mother who went missing shortly after her children left on the bus for school , authorities said . Investigators found the bodies of Amy Henslee , 30 , and Tonya Howarth , 36 , Friday morning . They had been buried and appeared to have died after receiving multiple gunshot wounds , Van Buren County Prosecuting Attorney Juris Kaps told reporters . Henslee 's husband told police she was missing Monday , prompting a police investigation in Hartford Township , Michigan . Authorities arrested an acquaintance of both women identified as Junior Lee Beebe , Kaps said . Beebe , 34 , is also Henslee 's husband 's cousin , Kaps said . Beebe faces murder charges in connection with both deaths , Kaps said . Amy Henslee was last seen in Hartford Township at 7:30 a.m. Monday , about 10 minutes after her two children , ages 8 and 10 , hopped on a bus for school . At 10 a.m. , her husband telephoned -- as he does every weekday -- but did n't get a response , according to police . After more unanswered calls , James Henslee left work for home to look for his wife . After finding the front door locked , he went in through an unopened back door and could n't locate her .	Authorities find bodies of Amy Henslee , another woman Police say that the mother of two left the home with only her coat and shoes Man arrested in slaying is cousin of Henslee 's husband
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's upcoming Christmas message will say Jesus would be a defender of the oppressed if he were alive today . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will deliver his Christmas message on Channel 4 . "  Jesus the Son of Mary is the standard-bearer of justice , of love for our fellow human beings , of the fight against tyranny , discrimination and injustice , " Ahmadinejad will say , according to a preliminary text of remarks he is planning to deliver in a message to be broadcast Thursday -- Christmas Day -- on British TV . The fiery Iranian leader , who has angered Western countries with his sharp comments on Israel , nuclear power , and the role of the United States in the world , will be delivering the Alternative Christmas Message on Britain 's Channel 4 . The network , which calls the event a "  traditional alternative to The Queen 's Christmas Day broadcast , " issued the preliminary text . The thrust of his words and the overall message contained religiously inclusive rhetoric , such as his congratulating "  the followers of Abrahamic faiths , especially the followers of Jesus Christ , and the people of Britain . " And his words conjured a hopeful future . But some of his remarks reflected Ahmadinejad 's trademark bluntness . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would stand with the people in opposition to bullying , ill-tempered and expansionist powers , " the text says . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would hoist the banner of justice and love for humanity to oppose warmongers , occupiers , terrorists and bullies the world over . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would fight against the tyrannical policies of prevailing global economic and political systems , as he did in his lifetime . " The alternative address tradition , which began in 1993 , has included remarks from the Rev. Jesse Jackson , an injured Afghan war veteran , a survivor of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and Marge from the television show "  The Simpsons . " The network notes that "  relations between Iran and the West " will play "  a central role in world affairs " in the coming year . The address -- which wo n't be broadcast opposite the queen 's message -- will be preceded by a "  short introduction " that will put the leader 's "  appearance in context . " "  As the leader of one of the most powerful states in the Middle East , President Ahmadinejad 's views are enormously influential . As we approach a critical time in international relations , we are offering our viewers an insight into an alternative world view , " said Dorothy Byrne , head of news and current affairs . "  Channel 4 has devoted more airtime to examining Iran than any other broadcaster and this message continues a long tradition of offering a different perspective on the world around us . "	Iranian President Ahmadinejad to deliver Christmas message on British TV Ahmadinejad : If Jesus was alive he would defend oppressed , fight injustice Channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 Network : Relations between West , Iran central role to world affairs in 2009
CNN  -- A nurse accused of killing a Texas mother in a parking lot and stealing her 3-day-old son had suffered a miscarriage and believed she needed to show her fiance that she had a child , authorities said Wednesday . A judge refused to allow bond for Verna McClain , 30 , a mother of three children . McClain told her fiance "  she was pregnant and had given birth to a child , by him , " said Montgomery County Sheriff 's Capt. Bruce Zenor . "  She represented this  the abducted baby  as her child . " Witnesses said Kala Golden , 28 , who was shot outside a Houston-area pediatrician 's office Tuesday , screamed and attempted to chase after the car with her son inside , CNN affiliate KTRK reported . The car struck Golden as it left the scene , the station said . She died later at a hospital . Authorities said she had several gunshot wounds to the torso . McClain is accused of killing Golden and taking 3-day-old Keegan Schuchardt . She was arrested just before midnight Tuesday , according to an arrest report . She is charged with capital murder , Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon told reporters . Zenor indicated the attack on Golden was random . A handgun has been recovered , officials said . Police believe the kidnapping was the motive for the shooting , the report said . The baby was found safe about six hours later at the residence of the suspect 's sister , authorities said . They said they believe McClain acted alone . "  It was a very emotional event for everybody who was there , " Ligon said of the recovery of the infant . Keegan was initially taken into the custody of Texas Child Protective Services , CNN affiliate KHOU reported . Golden 's husband , Keith Schuchardt , told KHOU he had not yet signed Keegan 's birth certificate , which complicated the process of getting his son back . The baby was returned to him Wednesday after the paperwork was resolved , according to Warren Diepraam , Montgomery County district attorney trial division chief . Schuchardt told the station he was at work when he got a call regarding the shooting . His wife was dead when he reached the hospital , he said . "  It 's just a random thing , I think , " he said . "  We do n't have any enemies . I do n't know why anyone would do it . Maybe she lost her baby and wanted a baby ... or to sell him . I want to get my baby back . " According to the arrest report , Golden , carrying Keegan , was leaving the Northwoods Pediatric Center in the Houston suburb of Spring when the incident took place Tuesday afternoon . "  The defendant confronted Mrs. Golden and shot her multiple times in the parking lot , " then took the baby and left , the report said . McClain 's vehicle was found at an apartment complex , according to the report . The Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office said detectives began a "  systematic canvas and search " of areas near the shooting scene and spied the car at the apartment complex . The detectives questioned residents and examined the vehicle , alerting investigators of their findings . A SWAT team entered an apartment in the complex to search for the baby , the statement said . McClain returned to the apartment as the investigation was continuing and asked to speak to police , the report said . "  She admitted to shooting Mrs. Golden and taking her baby , " the arrest report said . During an interview with authorities , McClain provided information that only someone at the scene would know , the report said . Evidence was found at both residences and in the car "  that support the arrest of the suspect , " the sheriff 's office said . McClain 's sister , Corina Jackson , told police her sister had said she would be adopting a child soon . "  After killing Golden and kidnapping Keegan , defendant stated to Corina that she now had the child and would be needing to do the adoption , indicating that the abduction of the child was her motive for killing Golden , " the report said . McClain 's oldest child is about 16 and the youngest is 6 , Diepraam told CNN . Authorities said Tuesday that Golden and the woman parked next to her at the doctor 's office apparently spoke to one another or argued before the shooting . "  They were talking , " witness Tia Collins told KTRK . "  I did see the lady get out , and they were struggling . " She said she heard gunshots and saw Golden fall . The shooting shocked Houston-area residents . Spring is about 20 miles north of the city . Jennifer Hartis , a friend of the victim , was one of the many left wondering why . "  She never did anything wrong . She 's just a mom doing her best to take care of her kids , and I miss her , " Hartis told CNN affiliate KPRC . "  Keegan is only 3 days old . He needs to know his mom , and she ca n't do that now . " "  I 'm thinking this is crazy , " Frank Johnson of Houston told KHOU . "  I 'm thinking this does n't really happen every day in the city . I mean , you hear about a lot of shootings and other types of crimes , but somebody kidnaps a baby , 3 days old , and the mother to be shot ? I mean , that 's serious stuff . That 's really scary . " CNN 's Carma Hassan and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The suspect had a miscarriage and wanted a baby to show fiance , authorities say Kala Golden apparently was shot for her 3-day-old baby , an arrest report says The shooting occurs outside a pediatrician 's office in Texas The mother is shot repeatedly and dies at the hospital
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido had a story to tell -- about how God helped him overcome the evil inside him . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , was arraigned in California on Friday . The campus at the University of California at Berkeley was his pulpit , and he hoped his neighbors and customers of his printing business would become his flock . He wanted to share his story with anyone who would listen , including law enforcement . Just days before he was arrested and an 18-year-old kidnap mystery was solved , Garrido walked into an FBI office in San Francisco , California , with a stack of documents . The purported writings were a two-part manifesto . First he discussed the "  Origin of schizophrenia revealed . " Some who know him say Garrido spoke of having schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder . In the second part of the documents , Garrido detailed his struggle with sexual urges , in writings he titled "  Stepping into the light . " In the documents , obtained by CNN , Garrido confessed his past aggressive sexual impulses , but said he is no longer that man . Listen to Garrido speak of "  heartwarming " story " Garrido and his wife were charged last week with crimes relating to the abduction of 11-year-old Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 and her captivity in a hidden shed-and-tent compound in the couple 's backyard in Antioch , California . They pleaded not guilty to charges of rape , kidnapping and false imprisonment . See photos of Dugard 's living conditions " After his arrest , Garrido said documents he gave to the FBI would be key , that they would help people understand who he really was . He told a local television reporter the documents would show a "  heartwarming story , " one that helped him "  completely " turn his life around . KCRA : Read transcript of Garrido 's interview after his arrest The documents provide a glimpse into the mind of a man who said he thinks he has a God-given gift . The power to control minds with sound was his salvation , he said , and would help others before they committed violence . He wrote that he wanted to share his story to provide "  solid hope for everyone who suffers from the many forms of aggressive sexual behavior as well as other problematic behaviors . " Garrido spoke of his sexual urges during his trial in 1977 , when he was convicted of abducting and raping a 25-year-old casino worker in a mini-warehouse . He spent 11 years in jail for those crimes . He testified about his sexual fantasies , which included masturbating while reading magazines , watching movies , and in restaurants or bathrooms . In his writings , he detailed how hard it was for him to control himself . Garrido wrote that he realized he could n't control his impulses and they were plaguing the ones he loved . "  Certain behaviors cause a great deal of pain in myself and those who are victimized by those behaviors , especially our family and my wife , " he wrote . That pain made him try to change from the predator he had become , he wrote . He said he began forcing himself to look at attractive women , but would not allow himself to act . "  See how beautiful she is to look at , " he would tell himself . In time , Garrido wrote , he began to stop physically acting on his feelings . As time went on , Garrido wrote , he kept those sexual compulsions at bay , beginning with controlling masturbation , which he said in the past had often taken place in public . He wrote that he became free and able to experience sexual enjoyment for the first time with his wife , though it was unclear whether he was referring to Nancy , his legal wife , or to Dugard , the mother of two of his children . He claimed he realized how wrong he had been in the past . "  I realized I never needed to act or do the things I used to believe was so great and stimulating , " Garrido wrote , referring to what he called "  one of the most powerful freedoms imaginable . " "  I began to weep telling her ' I am so sorry for the things I did in the past , ' " Garrido wrote about his wife , adding that he experienced a feeling of remorse he never had before . That feeling of salvation was something Garrido believed was a gift . He said he thought it meant it was up to him to help other sexual predators turn their lives around . "  It will begin to open a new pathway for us all . God willing , I will be teaching this and other skills Christ is providing for me in the prisons throughout the U.S. as well as overseas , " he wrote .	Suspect Phillip Garrido gave FBI documents just days before he was arrested Suspect says in documents he used mind control to stop predatory impulses Garrido in document : "  I realized I never needed to act or do the things I used to " Garrido , wife Nancy , arrested for kidnapping girl in 1991 , keeping her in shed
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel made Formula One history as he won the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to clinch the title . The 23-year-old German becomes the youngest champion in the sport 's history and his triumph completes the double for Red Bull who won the constructors ' category . Fernando Alonso went into the final round with an eight-point lead in the standings ahead of Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber of Australia , but they finished seventh and eighth respectively to see their title hopes ended . Vettel was winning his fifth race of the season and he dominated from pole position to hold off 2008 champion Lewis Hamilton whose McLaren teammate Jenson Button took third . Drivers ' Championship  after 19 rounds  : 1 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 256 points 2 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 252 3 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 242 4 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 240 5 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 214 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 144 7 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes 142 8 . Robert Kubica  Pol  Renault 136 9 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes 72 10 . Rubens Barrichello  Bra  Williams 47 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . Red Bull 498 points 2 . McLaren 454 3 . Ferrari 396 4 . Mercedes 214 5 . Renault 163 6 . Williams 69 7 . Force India 68 8 . Sauber 44 9 . Toro Rosso 13	Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel becomes youngest F1 world champion 23-year-old German wins Abu Dhabi GP to overtake Fernando Alonso in the standings Vettel 's Red Bull teammate finishes third in the title race with Lewis Hamilton fourth Red Bull win constructors ' title from McLaren with Ferrari third
Matador Network  -- From choosing the right festival to tips on camping and pacing yourself through the shows , here 's  almost  everything you 'll need to know about preparing for your next music festival . When I went to my first summer musical festival a few years back , I was unprepared and could 've used a little guidance . Since then , I 've covered Lollapalooza , Pitchfork Music Festival , moe.down and other summer festivals , acquiring along the way a checklist of sorts that I wish I 'd had before embarking on that first one . Seasoned veteran or festival novice , I hope these tips will make your experience more rocking , relaxing and fun . Find the right festival for you One of the best places to start is Jambase.com , an aggregator of all things related to music festivals and concerts . Check out the history of each particular festival via its website or third-party music blogs/sites . Each festival tries to set itself apart , creating a specific slant through lineup , location and overall vibe . Generally , festivals will be teaming up with local and regional media and artists to offer unique side shows ranging from improv theater to art exhibits to on-site record stores and activist booths promoting voter registration and green initiatives . Matador Network : 10 wildest electronic music festivals worldwide As you do your research , ask yourself the following four questions : 1 . How much can you spend ? Festival passes range from $ 50 to $ 250 or higher , depending on venue , location and who 's headlining and promoting the festival . 2 . What type of music do you want to hear ? Musical tastes are pretty diverse these days , as most people enjoy several genres , and festival lineups reflect this . Though some are genre-exclusive , most showcase acts playing everything from bluegrass to hip hop . 3 . Are you prepared to camp ? For festivals like Bonnaroo and Coachella , much of the experience is about pitching your tent and camping out for the weekend . Some camping events do offer luxury cabins or tents in return for higher ticket prices . Cover story : What is Bonnaroo ? Most festivals provide maps pre-arrival , so you 'll want to know where the camping areas are in relation to the parking and stages . If the distance is far , try to keep your gear light or invest in a small pull wagon or cart . Depending on how much sleep you want to get or how close you want to be to the action  many festivals run 24 hours  , you 'll want to know if the camping sites are near the stages , scattered across the grounds , or both . Bring the usual camping gear -- tent , sleeping bag , etc. -- and do n't forget a car charger for your phone , laptop and other gadgets . The world 's best music festivals 4 . Are hotels an option ? If you 're attending a festival located in a city or metropolitan area , such as Pitchfork in Chicago , getting a hotel room for the weekend on your own is an option , or you can take advantage of the festival 's package lodging deals . Learn the local history before you go As with all travel , having a cultural awareness of where you 're going can enrich your festival experience and take you beyond simple enjoyment of the music . The uniqueness of many of the best festivals is rooted in their locality . For example , Glastonbury in the UK is held on festival grounds that have been used as such for centuries . Being clued in on local culture and history will also help if you plan on venturing away during the show to give your ears a rest or want to take a pre - or post-festival excursion to visit nearby attractions . Stretch your comfort zone One of the best parts about the summer music festival experience is observing the meshing of different cultures and being around new groups of people . As more and more festivals incorporate different genres , I 've seen an increasingly diverse cross-section of fans at festivals . Take the opportunity to interact with other festival-goers , and do n't be afraid to ask for that camping tool you forgot . Chat about last night 's set or join in a game of Frisbee . Matador Network : 10 bluegrass festivals for summer 2011 Be smart about drugs and alcohol I do n't include this tip to be a killjoy , but only as a word of caution . I 've seen festival experiences come to an early and nightmarish end as a result of irresponsible drug and alcohol use . It 's a fact that music culture and drug culture overlap , especially in a live-music setting , but be wise about bringing drugs or large amounts of booze with you . At most festivals , you 're going to be thoroughly searched before you even get though the gates . Security will either confiscate prohibited materials or ask you to leave with no ticket refunds . Matador : A first-timer 's guide to participating at Burning Man Make time to chill One of the biggest lessons I 've learned is to plan out a few intervals of rest and not run myself ragged trying to see every band . If you 've done initial research on the area , take a short trek to one of the quiet spots you learned about and give your cochleas a break . Many festivals have also begun featuring morning yoga classes , a great chance to recharge the mind and body . I ca n't stress this enough : however you do it , whether it 's reading a book , taking a nap , or journaling in a quiet spot , make time to give your ears and other senses a rest . Knowing the festival ground layout and scheduling in time to relax is the most important tip I can give . Read the full story on Matador Network © 2011 Matador Network , Matador Ventures , LLC .	When choosing a music festival , think about if you 're willing to camp overnight or stay in a hotel Bonnaroo and Coachella is about pitching your tent and camping out for the weekend Security will likely confiscate prohibited items like drugs and alcohol , so do n't bring them Tip : Plan a few intervals of rest , and do n't run ragged trying to see every band
CNN  -- Each year around September 11 , CNN Hero Jeff Parness and his volunteers go to a disaster-stricken community to help them rebuild . The efforts are part of New York Says Thank You , an organization Parness created to honor the support that other cities provided after the 2001 terrorist attacks . The volunteer group continues to grow because many of the people it helps go on to "  pay it forward " and participate in the next year 's rebuilding project . Since 2004 , nearly 10,000 people nationwide have participated in projects organized by Parness . CNN 's Kathleen Toner recently spoke with Parness about his group 's plans for the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , which includes the final restoration of the National 9/11 Flag . Kathleen Toner : Where did your group decide to go for this year 's build ? Jeff Parness :  In April  we were watching the news and there were tornadoes that came through northwest Georgia . In the middle of this news clip , there 's this beautiful older woman in a destroyed barn with all of her animals . This lovely woman , Susan Littlejohn , lived in the barn with 65 animals that she had rescued  and  used as therapeutic companions for disabled children and seniors . ... So we decided  that  we 're going to bring about 300 volunteers from around the country and do a "  barn raising " in Ellijay , Georgia . Toner : How did it go ? Parness : It 's hard to compare projects , but in terms of the numbers of people that we got and who turned out from the local community , it was one of most successful events we 've ever done . So many local folks came with their families . I think we had close to 2,000 people . We finished about 80 percent of the barn , but the real metric we used to measure success was how many people we drew from the community to teach them about Susan 's Build An Ark animal rescue program . ... She 's dedicated her life and sacrificed so much for caring for animals and using them as a way to inspire other people and inspire volunteerism . We thought that if she got one more volunteer or one more dollar , it was worth it . That weekend we raised over $ 15,000 for her , and all kinds of people were volunteering to donate their talents and help with bookkeeping , et cetera . ... At the end of the day , the community of Ellijay realized Susan and her work are very special . Toner : What are your plans for 9/11 this year ? Parness : Normally we always do one main building project before 9/11 , but for various reasons we did this year 's project at the end of July . Now it looks like we 've got around 100 people who are going to be gathering in Joplin , Missouri , from September 8 to 11 . We 're going to be doing two main things . We 're painting 3,000 "  Stars of Hope . " This is a project where kids paint inspirational messages of hope and they 're planted in all of the corners of the town that were wiped out when the tornado hit on May 22 . There are more than 600 intersections that are n't there anymore . When we leave , they are going to be transformed . Everywhere you look there will be these colorful , inspirational messages . The second thing we 're doing is really significant : the National 9/11 Flag is going to finish its tour in Joplin . Toner : What is the National 9/11 Flag ? Parness : One of the greatest projects that 's come out of New York Says Thank You is we wound up being custodians for what 's now known as the National 9/11 Flag , which was one of the largest American flags to survive ground zero . The flag is 20 feet high and 30.5 feet wide . The pieces of the flag  were brought  to Greensburg , Kansas , when we were helping to rebuild there  after a 2007 tornado  . While we were out building this 14,000-square-foot 4-H barn , all the ladies in the senior citizens ' center stitched the flag back together . And where pieces of the original flag were missing , they sewed in American flags that survived the Greensburg tornado .  It  literally stitched together our two histories , both tragedy and triumph , seven years later . After the initial restoration  see photo at left  , the flag looked like a beautiful patchwork quilt . But for the past couple of years , we 've taken the flag around the country to all 50 states to let local service heroes stitch it back to its original 13-stripe format using pieces of American flags that were being retired . The idea was to  finish it  for this 10th year anniversary of 9/11 . It 's going to become part of the permanent collection of the 9/11 Memorial Museum that 's being built at the World Trade Center . Toner : You really brought it to all 50 states ? Parness : Yep . We had a stitching ceremony in Hawaii on Pearl Harbor Day and had World War II veterans stitch the flag . We brought it to Mount Rushmore . ... There have been so many extraordinary locations and people . We 've had 25,000 people so far stitch the flag . Toner : What will you be doing with the flag in Joplin on 9/11 ? Parness : On the morning of the 11th , the National 9/11 Flag will be displayed in a silent tribute at the exact moment that the north and south towers fell . It will be held by Joplin first responders , local residents and disaster survivors from across the United States . The flag will then serve as the backdrop for a 9/11 Memorial Service . And following that , all of the folks in Joplin will be invited to place the final stitches in the flag using fabric that survived the Joplin tornado . It 's about bringing people together and giving them the ability to put a stitch in and connect the stories of all of us . ... The symbolism is going to be super powerful . 9/11 did n't just happen in New York or Washington or Shanksville , Pennsylvania -- it happened in America . There are always going to be tragedies in our country like tornadoes . This says we 're all going to be there for each other . Read the full story on CNN Hero Jeff Parness : ` Paying it forward ' after 9/11	Jeff Parness continues to "  pay it forward " through his nonprofit , New York Says Thank You The volunteer group helps rebuild communities after a disaster It has also become custodians for the National 9/11 Flag , which was damaged at ground zero People in all 50 states are helping to stitch the flag back to its original 13-stripe format
CNN  -- Upon his arrival in Damascus , Syria , joint U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan called Monday for those responsible for Friday 's massacre of 108 people in the town of Houla to be held responsible and for his six-point plan to be implemented . "  This was an appalling crime , and the Security Council has rightly condemned it , " he said in a statement . "  Those responsible for these brutal crimes must be held accountable . I understand that the government is also investigating . It is the Syrian people , ordinary citizens of this great country , who are paying the highest price in this conflict . "  Our goal is to stop this suffering . It must end and it must end now . " Photos : Massacre in Syria  Warning : Graphic images Annan demanded that the government of Bashar al-Assad "  take bold steps to signal that it is serious in its intention to resolve this crisis peacefully , and for everyone involved to help create the right context for a credible political process . And this message of peace is not only for the government , but for everyone with a gun . " He added , "  The six-point plan has to be implemented comprehensively . And this is not happening . " Annan said he plans to have "  serious and frank " talks with al-Assad and others . He has met with the country 's foreign minister , according to images broadcast on state TV . Annan : Syrian suffering ` must end and it must end now ' But a rebel leader said Annan 's six-point plan is already "  dead " following the killings in Houla , a suburb of the anti-government bastion of Homs . U.N. monitors in Syria said 49 children were among the dead . Al-Assad 's regime insists it was not behind the massacre and blames terrorist groups . Throughout the uprising against the government , Syria has blamed violence on "  armed terrorist groups . " Opposition leaders say the massacre is the latest in Syria 's crackdown against protesters . Syrian U.N. representative Bashar al-Jaafari , who called the deaths "  an appalling , horrific unjustified and unjustifiable crime , " insisted Monday that the Syrian government is working to find the people responsible . He called on the U.N. Security Council to "  convene to define those who arm , host , harbor and encourage the terrorist groups to continue their violence in Syria and bring them to justice , " the state-run news agency SANA reported . Deaths continue amid diplomatic deadlock Jaafari railed against "  member states " of the Security Council who are helping the opposition . "  Those who are very interested in halting violence and making the comprehensive national dialogue in Syria a success should stop interfering in our internal affairs and should stop arming , hosting , funding and protecting the armed terrorist groups in my country , " he said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague , who has expressed outrage about the massacre , was in Russia on Monday seeking to persuade Russian officials to pressure the Syrian regime to comply with Annan 's peace plan . But after Hague met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , there was no clear sign that international action would ratchet up . "  It sounds very noble to say Russia is supporting the Syrian government , and when it stops supporting the Syrian government , everything will be fine , " Lavrov told reporters . But in reality , he said , "  We do not support the Syrian government . We are supporting the Kofi Annan plan that addresses both the Syrian government and the armed opposition . ... We have to be objective . " U.N. condemns Syrian killings ; toll in massacre rises as violence goes on After Friday 's massacre in Houla , rebel leaders once again implored the international community for airstrikes against regime forces . Meanwhile , residents of Houla were grieving as opposition activists and residents blamed al-Assad 's regime for the bloodbath . "  By God , I washed the dead bodies of nine children . One was less than 9 months old ! " a man screamed to a U.N. observer . "  Why are they treating us like animals ? We are humans . Did the infant carry an RPG ? Was he a fighter ? It was a baby , he had a pacifier in his mouth . " Al-Assad regime defined by violence Images from Houla show a room crammed with the mangled and bloody bodies of children -- some with their skulls torn open . "  After the stuff we 've seen , we ca n't feel anything . ... We 're used to the sights now , the blood , the sound of gunfire , " said another resident , who CNN is not naming because of safety concerns . Pro-government gangs have returned to Houla , where food , water and medicine are in short supply , he said . "  They only thing we have here is the Free  Syrian  Army . It 's the only thing that can protect us after God , " the resident said . The killings reignited international fury against al-Assad 's regime for its 14-month crackdown on dissidents seeking an end to his rule . On Sunday , some U.N. Security Council members condemned the Houla attacks "  that involved a series of government artillery and tank shellings on a residential neighborhood " as well as the killings of civilians by gunshots fired at close-range . In Jerusalem , Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Israel supports the U.N. Security Council 's condemnation of the atrocities in Syria . "  The pictures of the children 's mutilated bodies are both shocking and disturbing , " he told a group of visiting U.S. senators . "  We call upon the nations of the world to unite and act immediately to stop the ongoing massacre of innocents . " U.S. National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said the United States was horrified by "  credible reports " of the massacre , "  including stabbing and ax attacks on women and children . " Opinion : Only Russia and China can stop the carnage And some called Syria 's promise of an investigation a farce . "  There 's no way a Syrian military commission can credibly investigate this horrendous crime when so much evidence suggests pro-government forces were responsible , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . "  Annan should insist that Syria grant access to the U.N. commission of inquiry to investigate this and other grave crimes . " Over the weekend , the rebel Free Syrian Army said the Annan plan was "  dead " after the Houla massacre . "  The joint command of the FSA inside Syria announces that it is no longer possible to abide by the peace plan brokered by Kofi Annan ,  which  the regime is taking advantage of in order to commit more massacres against our unarmed civilians , " Free Syrian Army spokesman Col. Qasim Saad Eddine said in a video posted Saturday . "  This is a clear evidence that Kofi Annan 's plan is dead and a clear indication that Bashar Assad and his criminal gang do not understand anything but the language of force and violence , " Eddine said . He urged the U.N. Security Council to "  issue urgent and swift resolutions to save Syria , its people and the entire region by forming an international coalition mandated by the UNSC to launch airstrikes " against regime forces and their strategic points . Violence continued Monday , with the Local Coordination Committees of Syria reporting 26 deaths . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed and tens of thousands more have been uprooted since the crisis began in March 2011 . Opposition groups report a death toll of more than 11,000 people . CNN can confirm neither details from Syria nor the authenticity of videos , as the Syrian government limits access by foreign journalists . CNN 's Yasmin Amer , Saad Abedine , Mohammed Jamjoom , Marilia Brocchetto and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Houla resident : "  We 're used to the sights now , the blood , the sound of gunfire " U.N.-Arab League special envoy promises "  serious " discussions with al-Assad Syria calls on the Security Council to hold accountable member states aiding the opposition The Local Coordination Committees of Syria reports 26 deaths on Monday
EW.com  -- Bruce Willis ' return as John McClane , A Good Day to Die Hard , topped the box office over the Friday-to-Sunday period , but with a weaker-than-expected $ 25 million . Fox 's $ 92 million thriller , which also stars Jai Courtney , earned $ 8.2 million on Thursday , its first day of release , and after four days , it 's earned $ 33.2 million . That 's a substantially weaker start than 2007 ′ s Live Free or Die Hard , which started with $ 33.4 million in its opening three-day weekend . Die Hard 's middling performance is n't a total surprise . This has been a remarkably tough winter for male-driven action vehicles , many of which star members of The Expendables . Arnold Schwarznegger 's $ 45 million entry The Last Stand has earned just $ 12 million after five weekends . Sylvester Stallone 's Bullet to the Head , which reportedly cost $ 55 million , has only earned about $ 10 million after three . The Jason Statham thriller Parker cost about $ 35 million but has only grossed $ 17 million after nearly a month in theaters . The Mark Wahlberg/Russell Crowe shoot-em-up Broken City has languished with $ 19.5 million against a $ 35 million budget .  Meanwhile , 2013 ′ s top four highest-grossing movies -- Identity Thief , Mama , Warm Bodies , and Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters -- all feature women in leading roles . Obviously , A Good Day to Die Hard has already earned more than each of those aforementioned flops , though , and it should n't be written off as a misfire . The film 's $ 7,036 per theater average from 3,553 theaters was strong , and with a "  B + " CinemaScore grade , it may benefit from word-of-mouth in the weeks to come . Prognosticators certainly expected bigger business on opening weekend , and it remains to be seen whether it can match Live Free or Die Hard 's $ 134.5 million finish , but Fox can rest easy thanks to Die Hard 's strong international performance so far . The film earned a tremendous $ 61.5 million overseas this weekend , bringing its international haul to $ 80.1 million and its worldwide cume to $ 113.4 million . Those overseas results may keep John McClane Yippee-Ki-Yaying for years to come . Last weekend 's champ , Identity Thief , dipped only 32 percent to $ 23.4 million in its second weekend . The Melissa McCarthy/Jason Bateman laugher has now earned $ 70.7 million against a slim $ 35 million budget , and , for Universal , it 's the latest in a hot-streak of sensibly budgeted hits that almost  almost  make up for the fact that the studio spent $ 209 million on Battleship , which earned only $ 65.4 million , last year . With the exception of The Man with the Iron Fists , every Universal film since the fall has been a profitable venture : Pitch Perfect  $ 65 million vs. $ 17 million budget  , This is 40  $ 67.4 million vs. $ 35 million budget  , Les Miserables  $ 145.5 million vs. $ 61 million budget  , Mama  $ 68.3 million vs. $ 15 million budget  , and now Identity Thief . Next up on the studio 's plate ? The surefire smash Fast & Furious 6 . Close behind in third place , Relativity 's $ 28 million Nicholas Sparks adaptation Safe Haven opened with $ 21.4 million . Including Valentine 's Day grosses , the goopy romance , which stars Julianne Hough and Josh Duhamel , has earned a solid $ 30.5 million . Relativity did a great job of marketing Safe Haven as the top choice for Valentine 's Day couples , and the built-in cachet of Nicholas Sparks continues to prove irresistible for many moviegoers . Among all eight Sparks films , Safe Haven 's $ 21.4 million frame trails the opening weekends of just Dear John  $ 30.5 million  and The Lucky One  $ 22.5 million  , which finished with $ 80 million and $ 60.5 million , respectively . For star Hough , who 's made the transition from Dancing with the Stars pro to fledgling country singer  remember ?  to Hollywood leading lady , Safe Haven represents her best-ever opening weekend following underwhelming debuts from Burlesque  $ 11.9 million  , Footloose  $ 15.6 million  , and Rock of Ages  $ 14.6 million  . She may carve out an acting career , yet . Like Die Hard , Safe Haven missed with critics , but earned a "  B + " CinemaScore grade from audiences , which were 71 percent female and 68 percent below the age of 25 . Weinstein 's animated effort Escape from Planet Earth benefited from the fact that no family films have hit theaters in almost two months and finished in fourth place with $ 16.1 million . Facing no family competition , Escape , which cost $ 40 million , fared better than Weinstein 's last attempt to get into the animation game , Hoodwinked Too ! Hood vs. Evil , which bombed with just $ 10.1 million in April 2011 . Despite poor reviews , Escape from Planet Earth wound up with a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . Rounding out the Top 5 was Summit 's Warm Bodies , which fell only 20 percent to $ 9 million , giving it a $ 50.2 million total . While the YA adaptation has n't become the next Twilight , positive word-of-mouth has helped Warm Bodies , which cost about $ 35 million , avoid the steep drops that usually plague films aimed at teens . It could finish with about $ 65 million . Fellow YA tale Beautiful Creatures did n't earn such a Warm reception on its opening weekend . The witch-y tale bombed with only $ 7.5 million -- $ 10 million including Valentine 's Day grosses . Warner Bros. is distributing the film , which was financed for $ 60 million by Alcon Entertainment . Fortunately for the distributor , its other recent release , The Hobbit , is on pace to pass $ 300 million at the domestic box office on Monday . Audiences issued Beautiful Creatures a lukewarm "  B " CinemaScore grade . 1 . A Good Day to Die Hard -- $ 25 million  $ 33.2 million total 2 . Safe Haven -- $ 21.4 million  $ 30.5 million total 3 . Identity Thief -- $ 23.4 million  $ 70.7 million total 4 . Escape from Planet Earth -- $ 16.1 million  $ 16.1 million total 5 . Warm Bodies -- $ 9 million  $ 50.2 million total 6 . Beautiful Creatures -- $ 7.5 million  $ 10 million total See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  A Good Day to Die Hard " had a weaker than expected weekend The Bruce Willis film still managed to beat "  Safe Haven " "  Beautiful Creatures " had an ugly debut
CNN  -- A 400-year-old minaret collapsed Friday on worshipers in Meknes , Morocco , killing 36 and injuring 71 , the official news agency Maghreb Arabe Presse reported , citing the Interior Ministry . The collapse occurred as hundreds of people were gathering in Bab Berdieyinne mosque in Meknes , a town in northern Morocco located 140 km  87 miles  southeast of Rabat , it said . "  We were in the middle of prayers " when the structure collapsed , said one victim told Morocco TV from his hospital bed . The incident occurred after several days of unrelenting rain , the television station reported . It broadcast video showing dozens of people inside the mosque carrying survivors out of the damaged structure to waiting ambulances . King Mohammed VI has ordered that the mosque be rebuilt as soon as possible and that its original architecture be preserved , it said .	Minaret in Meknes , Morocco , was 400 years old Incident came as worshipers were gathering in northern town King ordered that mosque be rebuilt
CNN  -- If the consequences at Berlin airport had n't been so serious , the expressions on our faces would have made the perfect Kodak moment . Our jaws dropped , color drained from our faces , and we had that sick , sinking feeling familiar to those who 've locked their keys in the house . Only this was a million times worse . CNN International might be able to secure exclusives with the likes of Iran 's President or put a man on the moon  well it could if it put its mind to it  . But dealing with this situation ? It was unpredictable -- and very tricky . Because of what 's easily described as a "  communications breakdown "  the check-in clerk did n't listen and wrongly tagged our bags to our final destination , Heathrow  our camera gear and lights were now heading in the wrong direction . This left us to interview the chief executive of German manufacturing giant Henkel with little more than an iPhone 's torch app for mood lighting . Fortunately the gravity of the situation shocked the check-in agent so badly  her face was priceless  that she kindly chased after said luggage in the bowels of Tegel airport with a screed of labels to correct the mistake . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Merkel 's substance over style As the bags arrived in Dusseldorf , the cameraman Darren and Isa , MPE 's presenter , were relieved . A close shave , nothing worse . That is , until we opened our camera boxes and found our batteries had been confiscated and apparently destroyed by the authorities at Berlin 's airport . We were told they were potentially dangerous . They were n't . Luckily , we had our camera batteries and a charger so it was just a second close shave for us . The batteries were returned to our German bureau a day later . Clearly , fate was n't happy about that happy ending . After our interview we returned to the airport to find our flight was canceled due to fog in London , eating into our precious edit time . We were put on an afternoon flight . That was wrecked by a bomb scare , leaving us to find a hotel for the night while the authorities took five hours to deal with abandoned luggage which had a metal pipe inside . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Europe fractures as recession fades I was ready to shake it at someone by now , as thousands of displaced passengers surged into the airport hotels and assaulted their power sockets with assorted laptop and phone chargers . We do n't still know what happened to the pipe . Amid all the calamity , our cameraman was able to shoot some of the chaos and send it back to our newsdesk , thanks to the hotel 's broadband . Had enough of this already ? It 's not over yet . When we returned the following day to join a rebooked flight , we found out that was canceled due to technical reasons . BA were very apologetic but by now my cameraman Darren said he was ready to start eating people . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Europe feels winds of change There was a sense of utter helplessness and ridiculousness . Our updates back to CNN London were being treated with increasing incredulity . Eventually , happily , the Germans came to the rescue . We were rebooked on a Lufthansa flight which was due to leave in what felt like two minutes , but was actually 20 minutes . We needed to clear security , which had the longest queue in the world . This was n't the Germany I know -- where was the predictable efficiency ? We got back to London intact , and the edit took place . I hope we 'll be reunited with our bags , all 14 of them , eventually . What have I learned from this experience ? Expect the unexpected when it comes to air travel .	CNN 's Marketplace Europe team was on the road in Germany when they got caught in chaos CNN pulls off exclusive interviews -- but sometimes travel hiccups makes life very unpredictable The team 's travel plans went utterly awry amid a bomb scare , fog and baggage problems MPE producer Chris Pepper says he 's learned one thing : Expect the unexpected
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A massive blast targeting the Danish Embassy in Pakistan Monday killed at least six people and wounded as many as 18 , authorities said . The scene of devastation in Islamabad Monday after a suicide car bomb attack near the Danish Embassy . The blast left a four-foot deep crater in the road . Confusion lingered about the attack in the capital city of Islamabad and the number of casualties . Police at the scene said a suicide car bomber pulled up next to the embassy at about 1 p.m. and detonated explosives . But Senior Superintendent of Police Ahmad Latif told CNN that authorities could not immediately label it a suicide attack . Likewise , a medical worker told CNN the explosion killed eight people , including a young child and at least one foreign national . But Latif put the number of fatalities at six and said none of the dead were foreigners . Among the wounded , he said , was a Brazilian citizen of Pakistani descent . Watch Pakistan 's foreign minister respond " Authorities differed on the number of wounded as well , with figures ranging from five to 18 . No embassy official was seriously hurt , Latif said . It is not uncommon for preliminary casualty figures to vary : police cautioned that the numbers could rise . Danish Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller condemned the act . "  My immediate reaction is that you can only condemn this , " said Stig Moeller . "  It is terrible that terrorists do this . The embassy is there to have a cooperation between the Pakistani population and Denmark , and that means they are destroying that . They 're destroying the Pakistanis ' ability to connect with Denmark . It is completely unacceptable . " Watch the aftermath of the deadly attack " The blast , heard more than two miles away , sheared off the embassy 's front wall and kicked in its metal front gate . The impact blew out the building 's windows and also damaged the offices of a non-profit organization . The Danish and the EU flag , knocked off their staff , hung limply from a spot on the embassy balcony . Pakistan Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir told reporters at the scene that police are beefing up security at embassies and foreign missions throughout the city . "  I just want to assure everybody that the government will do everything to protect the diplomatic missions and also the security and safety of the citizens of Pakistan , " he said . The explosion was the first deadly attack in Islamabad since a bomb was hurled over a wall surrounding an Italian restaurant on March 15 . That explosion killed a Turkish woman and wounded 12 people , including four U.S. FBI agents . After Monday 's attack , dozens of cars -- blanketed with dirt kicked up by the blast -- littered the street , their windows knocked out . Rescue workers carried away a bloodied person , covering his body with a blanket . Pieces of shoes and tattered clothing lay amid the rubble . Police said the attack targeted the embassy . Danish embassies in predominantly Muslim countries , such as Pakistan , have been the scene of protests since Danish newspapers reprinted cartoons that Muslims say insult their prophet . In February , several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons of Islam 's prophet , Muhammad , after Danish authorities arrested several people who allegedly were plotting a "  terror-related assassination " of the cartoonist , Kurt Westergaard . Westergaard 's cartoon depicted the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse . He said he wanted his drawing to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror . However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist . Islam generally forbids any depiction of the prophet -- even favorable ones -- fearing that it may lead to idolatry . Two years ago , demonstrations erupted across the world after some newspapers printed the same cartoons . Some protests turned deadly . The protests prompted Danish officials to temporarily close the embassy in Islamabad . There were no immediate claims of responsibility for Monday 's blast . In the past , authorities have blamed Islamic militants for carrying out attacks inside Pakistani cities . The country experienced a month-long lull in attacks after a new government took office in March and set on a course to negotiate with militants . But since then , attacks have picked up again . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Suicide car bomber targeted Danish embassy in capital , Islamabad Differing accounts put death toll at between eight and six people Medical worker says a child and at least one foreign national died in blast Danish embassy scene of protests last year over Muhammed cartoons row
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry apologized through a spokesman Saturday after videos surfaced showing him using offensive language to describe people in his military unit . Prince Harry apologized for videos of him making offensive comments while on military duty in 2006 . In one clip , a voice said to be Harry 's calls a soldier a "  Paki . " In another clip , the voice tells a soldier wearing a cloth on his head that he looks "  like a raghead . " The British newspaper News of the World posted the videos on its Web site Saturday . It did not say how it obtained them . A spokesman for Prince Harry apologized in a statement released by St. James 's Palace Saturday . The spokesman said the prince -- who is third in line to the British throne -- "  understands how offensive this term can be , and is extremely sorry for any offense his words might cause . " It is not the first apology for offensive behavior by Prince Harry . In 2005 , he was photographed wearing a Nazi uniform to a party . He said he was sorry for that incident . "  It was a very stupid thing to do and I 've learned my lesson , simple as that really , " he said in a September 2005 interview with Britain 's Press Association , marking his 21st birthday . "  I 'd like to put it in the past now . What 's done is done . I regret it . " The videos that surfaced Saturday were filmed by the prince himself during his military service in 2006 , according to the News of the World Web site . "  Ahh , our little Paki friend ... Ahmed , " a voice says as the camera zooms in on a soldier from across the room . The video does not show Prince Harry 's face . The soldiers were waiting for their flight to Cyprus for a mission , according to the Web site . The Royal family said the ` Paki ' term was a nickname for a friend in his platoon . "  There is no question that Prince Harry was in any way seeking to insult his friend , " the St. James 's Palace statement said . The second video was filmed after arriving in Cyprus , according to News of the World , and shows a British soldier with a cloth over his head . A voice , which the News of the World claims to be Harry 's , is heard saying , "  expletive  me , you look like a raghead . " St. James 's Palace said , "  Prince Harry used the term ` raghead ' to mean Taliban or Iraqi insurgent . " Dickie Arbiter , a former press secretary to Queen Elizabeth II , Prince Harry 's grandmother , urged people to take the prince 's words in context . "  Harry is not the same man as he was three years ago , " Arbiter told Britain 's ITN network . "  You do n't think when you are shooting a video . " And he pointed out that Harry was serving in the army , where language is not always delicate . "  It is quite common for names to be used in the military ... . He 's a serviceman first and foremost , but people see him as a prince first and he has to be careful of what he says . " The British Ministry of Defense said it was not aware of any complaints against Prince Harry and would investigate the allegations of inappropriate behavior , according to a written statement released Saturday . "  Bullying and racism are not endemic in the Armed Forces , " it said . David Cameron , the leader of Britain 's opposition Conservative Party , said Prince Harry 's remark was "  obviously a completely unacceptable thing to say . " But he told the BBC 's Andrew Marr program that he saw no need for the prince to be disciplined . "  No , he has made an apology ... and I think that 's enough . " -- CNN 's Katy Byron and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Prince Harry apologizes for offensive language used while on duty three years ago Videos surface of him calling one soldier "  paki , " another called "  raghead " British Ministry of Defense plans to investigate allegations
In further proof that seemingly nothing can bring Silvio Berlusconi down -- not even a potential jail sentence -- Italy 's most colorful public figure is back in contention to lead his country for a fourth time . Another spell in Italy 's highest office would be just the latest chapter in the life of the charming , billionaire three-time former prime minister . In October Berlusconi was sentenced to four years in prison for tax evasion , but has since appealed the verdict . Until recently , Berlusconi appeared to be leading a charmed life . His vast business empire spanned media , construction and football , making him the 118th-richest person in the world , according to Forbes , with a net worth of $ 6.2 billion , and he was Italy 's longest-serving post-war prime minister before quitting in 2011 . But last year he became embroiled in charges that he had paid for sex with a 17-year-old girl ; his coalition government became ever more fragile ; and Berlusconi resigned his premiership as Europe 's financial crisis threatened to embroil Italy . Despite the many scandals that have dogged Berlusconi since he entered politics nearly two decades ago , the 76-year-old is indisputably one of life 's survivors . In Parliament , opponents tabled 51 confidence votes in him in the past three years alone , but Italians have thrice elected him as prime minister . In this election Berlusconi is appealing to tax-burdened Italians ' desire for some relief . He has promised not only to abolish the hugely unpopular property tax on primary residences , known as the IMU , he is also promising to pay back the property taxes people have already paid . Berlusconi is also vowing to cut corporate taxes and income taxes and spend the economy out of the recession . However his promises have met with considerable skepticism . Prominent journalist Gad Lerner has long been critical of the former prime minister . "  Berlusconi has transformed Italian politics into a big show and he is always looking for a spectacular center for his propaganda . " Businessman Gianvencenzo Coppi traveled to Rome to hear center-left rival , Democratic Party leader Pier Luigi Bersani , talk about his commitment to the private sector , but he told CNN he had n't made up his mind whom he would vote for , but it was unlikely to be Berlusconi . "  He 's making promises in my opinion he can not maintain , " said Coppi . "  He 's promising to cut taxes , the IMU ... and no one knows in which way he can do it . " Cruise ship crooner Born in Milan in 1936 , Berlusconi gave notice early on of his showman side by working as a lounge room crooner aboard a cruise ship to help fund his university tuition -- he studied law . Various low-level commercial enterprises followed before the fledgling entrepreneur enjoyed his first real success in property development in the late 1960s when he was involved in a project to build Milano Two -- nearly 4,000 flats -- outside Milan . After amassing a fortune from his property portfolio in the 1970s , he diversified his interests by setting up a TV cable company , Telemilano , and buying two other cable channels in an effort to break the national TV monopoly in Italy . In 1978 , these channels were incorporated into his newly formed Fininvest group , which included department stores , insurance companies and even AC Milan -- one of the world 's biggest football clubs . Berlusconi turned his attention to politics in 1993 when he formed the center-right Forza Italia Party and the following year , in a snap election , he won the post of prime minister . However , a dispute with his right-wing coalition partners from the Northern League Party , as well as an indictment for alleged tax fraud , ended Berlusconi 's tenure in the job after barely seven months . He was acquitted on appeal in 2000 after the statute of limitations had expired . After defeat in the 1996 election to his political nemesis , Romano Prodi , he became embroiled in other financial scandals , including a charge of bribing tax inspectors . He denied any wrongdoing and was cleared again on appeal in 2000 . His fortunes turned again in 2001 when he was sworn in as prime minister for a second time . But Prodi -- a former European Commission president -- ended Berlusconi 's more successful reign with his center-left Union coalition victory in 2006 . At that time , the tycoon had presided over the longest-serving post-war Italian government . Return to power Despite having a pacemaker implanted to regulate his heartbeat after he collapsed during a political rally , he refused to slow down . Sporting a hair transplant , cosmetic surgery and a tan , Berlusconi returned to power for a third time in 2008 under the banner of the newly created People of Freedom party . The next year proved to be one of extremes for the veteran politician . He was praised for his handling of the devastating earthquake that struck the Italian town of L'Aquila in April 2009 , and survived criticism after urging survivors to see their plight like "  a weekend of camping . " But the following month , Berlusconi 's second wife , Veronica Lario , filed for divorce -- alleging Berlusconi had an inappropriate relationship with an 18-year-old aspiring model whose birthday party he had attended . Berlusconi said she was the daughter of a friend and that he had done nothing wrong . In December that year , a man with a history of mental illness hit Berlusconi in the face with a replica of Milan 's cathedral at a campaign rally , breaking several of his teeth and fracturing his nose . Defense Minister Ignazio La Russa told the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that the irrepressible Berlusconi continued to shake hands with supporters for "  a couple of minutes " after being hit . With the country 's economy reeling amid the financial crisis , pressure on Berlusconi grew . Gianfranco Fini -- a former party ally -- lashed out , accusing him of a lack of attention to the economy and structural reforms that Italy needs . The prime minister survived three votes of confidence in Parliament during 2010 and 2011 , winning one by just three votes , but his authority continued to ebb . Economists said Berlusconi commanded neither sufficient political authority to push through spending cuts nor the moral high ground to squeeze more taxes out of Italians while he faced trial on various charges . Other European leaders criticized him for failing to implement economic reform with sufficient urgency . Bunga bunga charges Meanwhile , Berlusconi faced a serious personal challenge with charges of sex with an underage nightclub dancer and abuse of power . Q&A : Silvio Berlusconi 's legal woes Berlusconi had sex 13 times with underage dancer Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the heart-stealer , " say prosecutors who allege the prime minister abused his position when he intervened in May 2010 to get her released from the jail where she was being held on charges of theft . El Mahroug has said she never had sex with Berlusconi and that she lied to him about her age , telling him she was 24 . In September 2011 , prosecutors submitted transcripts of approximately 100,000 pages of wiretaps -- from 2008 and 2009 -- to a court in Bari . The prosecutors have accused eight people of paying young women to attend so-called "  bunga bunga " parties at Berlusconi 's home . Berlusconi denied the charges and accused prosecutors of conspiring against him in a left-wing plot . "  Communism never changes in Italy . There are still people who use the penal code as a weapon in their ideological battles , " he said earlier this year . But , according to the transcripts of the calls , Berlusconi made several controversial remarks , vowing at one point to leave Italy , which he described as a "  s **** y country " that "  sickened " him . When confronted with these remarks , Berlusconi laughed off this and other gaffes .	Three-time former PM Berlusconi standing for fourth term Berlusconi appealing four-year prison sentence for tax evasion He has been dogged by scandal since he entered politics two decades ago
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government claimed gains in its fight against militants Tuesday , a day full of dizzying developments . The quick advance by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has seen large portions of northern Iraq fall under its control . ISIS wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch from Iraq into northern Syria . Here 's a look at the latest : U.S. military advisers arrive in Iraq Ninety U.S. military advisers arrived in Iraq on Tuesday as part of the mission President Barack Obama announced last week , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . Those troops will join 40 other U.S. service members , who were already in Iraq working at the embassy in Baghdad and have been reassigned to this new mission , he said . U.S. military personnel are supposed to assess the situation on the ground and then "  advise and assist " Iraqi military forces as they try to counter the threat from ISIS militants , Kirby said . Fight for Baiji oil refinery Iraqi security forces are still fighting ISIS and allied Sunni insurgents at the Baiji oil refinery , Hussain al-Shahristani , the deputy prime of energy affairs , said in a statement released Tuesday . He refuted Arab and Western reports that the oil refinery had fallen into the hands of ISIS , saying they were spreading propaganda for ISIS . Late Monday , three separate security sources told CNN that ISIS fighters were in control of the Baiji refinery , the sprawling complex that provides much of the fuel needed for domestic consumption . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , told reporters in Baghdad on Tuesday morning that the military was in control of the refinery , a claim that was also carried by state-run Iraqiya TV . The claim comes a day after Atta told reporters that fighters had launched a new attack and were using bulldozers as they advanced . He said the advance was repelled and fighters sustained losses . State-run TV reported Iraqi special forces involved in the fight for the refinery killed a militant leader called Abu Qatada . It offered no evidence of the death , nor did it detail how he was killed . CNN can not independently confirm any of the claims . The competing claims follow days of reports of a seesaw battle for control of the refinery complex in northern Salaheddin province , about 193 kilometers  120 miles  north of Baghdad . Kidnapped Indian workers freed Seventeen Indian workers kidnapped by ISIS in Iraq have been freed , according to India 's External Affairs Ministry . "  Heading home ! 17 Indians rescued in Iraq from conflict zone were brought to Baghdad and now are heading home , " the ministry said in a post on Twitter . Kirkuk city council leader killed The head of the Kirkuk city council , Munir Kafili , was killed Tuesday when gunmen shot him , police officials told CNN . Kafili , a minority Turkmen , was driving his car in southern Kirkuk when gunmen opened fire , they said . Kirkuk is an ethnically mixed city , with a population of Sunni , Shiite , Kurds and Turkmen , located about 260 kilometers north of Baghdad . 10,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria The United States calculates there are up to 10,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria , including those who broke out of prisons in Iraq and Sunni tribesmen , several U.S. officials have told CNN in recent days . It is unknown how many are in Iraq versus Syria because it 's not clear how many go back and forth across the border and how many loyalists joined ISIS as it took over various towns in Iraq , the officials say . The belief is ISIS is currently functioning as an "  increasingly capable military force " with "  capability and dexterity , " one official said . One crucial question is whether they will be able to hold onto both new territory and past gains as they take more territory and are "  stretched " thin . The answer lies , officials say , in whether the current support of some Sunnis is a so-called marriage of convenience or a long-term partnership even though the Sunni tribes , to a large extent , do not support the ISIS agenda . Senior ISIS figures killed ? Two senior ISIS figures -- an Algerian militant named Abu Omar al-Baghdadi and Abu Hafsa , the self-styled governor of Tikrit and Salaheddin provinces -- were killed late Monday in airstrikes in Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit , Sabah Al-Nouman , a spokesman for Iraq 's counterterrorism service , told CNN on Tuesday . Al-Nouman offered no evidence of the deaths , and CNN can not independently confirm the claim . ISIS fighters seized Tikrit during its lightning advance in northern Iraq earlier this month . The Iraqi military began an offensive against Tikrit on Sunday , according to reports on Iraqiya TV . Government paychecks Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government announced Tuesday that it will pay government employees who live in "  unstable areas " under the control of Iraqi security forces , according to a statement released by the Cabinet . Those living in areas "  outside of government control " will still be paid , but their paychecks will be held and released when military operations end , it said . The Cabinet , according to the statement , has decided to given an "  open holiday " to government employees who live in areas under the complete control of ISIS fighters and allied Sunni militants . Civilian deaths climb At least 757 civilians were killed and 599 were injured during the al Qaeda splinter group 's advance in northern Iraq between June 5 and 22 , according to figures released by the United Nations mission in Iraq . The number of casualties "  should be viewed very much as a minimum , " and it includes verified summary executions and extra-judicial killings of civilians , police and soldiers , UNAMI said . The casualties occurred in Nineveh , Diyala and Salaheddin provinces , the agency said . At least another 318 people were killed , and a further 590 injured during the same period in Baghdad and areas in the south , many of them as a result of at least six separate car bombs , the agency added . Military spokesman : Iraq regains control of two border crossings Atta , Iraq 's military spokesman , said Iraqi security forces have regained control of two key border crossings after briefing losing them . In a briefing aired on state TV , Atta said Iraqi forces , with the help of Sunni local tribes , retook al-Walid , a border town that connects Iraq with Syria . He also said Iraqi forces have retaken the Trebil bordering crossing between Iraq and Jordan . Atta also said Iraqi forces controlled the area between Samarra and the northern border of Baghdad . He also said fighting continues in northern Babylon province , south of Baghdad , with ISIS elements . Atta did not detail the fighting nor did he say when it started . He offered no evidence of the claims , and CNN can not independently confirm the report . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The United States calculates there are up to 10,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria ISIS wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch into both countries UN : At least 757 civilians were killed during the group 's advance in northern Iraq
London  CNN  -- For a moment , the nervous chatter , rustling costumes and jovial jostling came to a standstill . Silence fell over the 36,000 competitors who just minutes earlier had been impatiently rearranging themselves for the start of the London Marathon . For 30 aching seconds the spring sunshine beat down on their bowed heads , a sea of black ribbons pinned to their chests , as they remembered those who never got a chance to cross the finish line . It was a deeply tender and haunting image , and unlike anything ever seen in the 32-year-history of the race . Then again , this was n't just another London Marathon . Six days after Boston 's Marathon was rocked by the bombing which killed three people and injured more than 180 , the English capital hosted its own premier race . READ MORE : Tight security at London Marathon London is the first international marathon to follow Boston , and the attack which sent thousands of people scrambling in terror down smoldering streets and past upturned stands . It loomed large in the minds of competitors observing the silence ahead of the starting gun . "  Marathon-running is a global sport . It unites runners and supporters on every continent in pursuit of a common challenge and in the spirit of friendship and fellowship , " event commentator , Geoff Wightman , announced over loudspeakers before the half-minute silence . "  This week the world marathon family was shocked and saddened by the events at the Boston Marathon . In a few moments a whistle will sound and we will join together in silence to remember our friends and colleagues for whom a day of joy turned into a day of sadness . " WATCH : Boston wheelchair racer in London Among the runners , there was a humbling sense of how easily the Boston victims could have been themselves . There was also a determination to complete the race -- as much for their own gratification as for those who could n't . For every competitor who crossed the finish line , organizers will donate $ 3 to The One Fund Boston , set up to raise money for victims of the blasts . Along with the usual whacky costumes -- a man dressed in an Abraham Lincoln hat and beard earned respect both for his bravery and lunacy -- were reminders of Boston 's tragedy . Almost everyone wore black solidarity ribbons , with many also donning customized t-shirts bearing the name "  Boston . " Northern Irishman Barry McCann was one such runner . The 27-year-old from Belfast was working with his asset management company in Boston last week when the attack rocked the city . "  It was pretty much carnage , the whole place was in lockdown , " he told CNN . "  Everyone has been so generous sponsoring us . It totally makes you more determined to show them -LSB- the bombers -RSB- that terrorism does n't work . " Dressed in a stars and stripes t-shirt , 62-year-old Bill Higgins , from Fullerton , California , fought back tears as he talked about the impact of the Boston bombings on the international racing community . This was Higgins ' 84th marathon and he said he had been inundated with people offering to sponsor his race . "  I 've run Boston three times and the attack really hit home , " he told CNN . "  People keep emailing me saying ` Never back down , ' and ` No fear . ' " American Greg Takacs , 36 , ran in the Boston Marathon last week and was proudly wearing his Boston race shirt adorned with black ribbons in respect to the victims . Describing the 30-second silence at the start of the race , he told CNN : "  It was so silent and very moving . It gave me goosebumps . "  For that many people to be that quiet -- It was incredible . Wow . " Friends John O'Flynn and John Gately , from Cork in Ireland , have family in Boston and were not planning on competing in London . But then last week 's bombing changed their minds . "  The bombings made me disappointed in humanity , " Gately told CNN . "  I do a lot of marathons and there is a huge solidarity here today . " Similarly , British runner Kristen Harrison , 24 , wore a t-shirt with the slogan "  For Boston , " as she prepared to compete in her fifth marathon . "  I wanted to support them , " she told CNN . "  The running community is quite strong and I think we were all in shock after what happened . "  When you start hitting that wall , I think it will help to think of them . " WATCH : Suspects ' uncle tells of familial break Crowds were out in force as the marathon wound its way past some of London 's most iconic landmarks such as Tower Bridge , St Paul 's Cathedral and Westminster , before finishing near Buckingham Palace . "  The best way for us to react is to push ahead with the marathon , to get people on the streets and to celebrate it as we always do in London -- and to send a very clear message that we wo n't be cowed by this sort of behavior , " Sport Minister Hugh Robertson had earlier told the BBC . There was also a strong police presence with 40 % more officers on duty in the wake of Monday 's bombings . As an extra security measure , litter bins were also removed from the 42-kilometer route . This is the city which nine months earlier hosted the Olympic Games without incident , and politicians say it provided the ideal training ground for hosting international sporting events . At the heart of the competition were ordinary people slogging it out in one of the most grueling races of its kind in the world -- and all for charity . As British journalist Marina Hyde wrote this week : "  The Boston bombers served only to remind the world that marathons are something in which we all have a stake . " The message , on this sundrenched Sunday , was loud and clear : "  We are in it together . " The first woman to cross the finish line was the winner of the Boston Marathon women 's wheelchair race , U.S. athlete Tatyana McFadden , who repeated her feat at the London Marathon . The winner of the men 's wheelchair race was Australia 's Kurt Fearnley , and the winning runner in the men 's elite race was Tsegaye Kebede of Ethiopia . The first-placed runner in the elite women 's event was Priscah Jeptoo of Kenya . Fellow countrywoman Edna Kiplagat came in second . Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this report .	Security tight at London Marathon , first international race after Boston bombing 35,000 competitors observe 30-second silence in honor of victims Runners wear black solidarity ribbons to mark Boston attack For every person to finish race , organizers will donate $ 3 to Boston charity
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Sixteen insurgents were killed during a fierce battle after they attacked a military base in a restive area of southern Thailand early Wednesday , authorities said . Thai military officials said 50 to 60 heavily armed attackers tried to storm the navy base in the province of Narathiwat under cover of darkness , but navy personnel had been forewarned and fought the insurgents off in an intense , hour-long firefight . It appeared to be the latest flare-up in a worsening conflict between government forces and Muslim separatists in southern Thailand in which more than 5,000 people are believed to have been killed since 2004 . Although Thailand 's population is overwhelmingly Buddhist , Muslims make up a large percentage of the population in the country 's three southernmost provinces , near the border with Malaysia . Parts of those provinces have been under an emergency security decree for years , but analysts say the Thai military is struggling to deal with the militants . "  Insurgents have withstood and adapted to the military 's tactics , growing more proficient and daring in the process , " the International Crisis Group , a nonprofit organization that provides analysis and advocacy on conflicts around the world , said in December . Meanwhile , successive Thai governments "  have opted to muddle through South East Asia 's most violent internal conflict , " the group said in a report on the conflict , citing "  bureaucratic turf battles and a bitter national-level political struggle . " Well-armed attackers The insurgents who carried out the attack Wednesday were armed with military-grade weapons , including laser-guided rifles and hand grenades , said Col. Pramote Promin , a spokesman for the Thai military . Some of the roughly 100 Thai navy personnel on the base were wounded in the fighting , he said , but none were killed . The military had received a tip about the attack and was "  on full alert " when it happened , he added . The military is now trying to track down wounded insurgents who fled from the clash , Pramote said after visiting the area . He said that after a count at the base , the number of insurgents killed stood at 16 , one fewer than the initial total he gave earlier Wednesday . There was no word Wednesday from the elusive Muslim separatists , who do n't usually claim responsibility for attacks they carry out . Unrest linked to arrest On Sunday , a roadside bomb in Yala province , which is next to Narathiwat , killed five Thai soldiers , authorities said . Lt. Gen. Dithaporn Sasasmit , a spokesman for the Thai internal security operations command , said recently that the latest insurgent violence is related to the arrest of one of the separatist leaders in January . "  Every time when authorities can arrest or conduct raid operations to prevent possible attacks , they would try to show off and create some situations , " Sasasmit said . Human Rights Watch last year said that in 2011 , insurgent groups targeted teachers they saw as symbols of state efforts to undermine Malay Muslim identity . The group said that Thai security forces have faced few consequences for abuses against Muslims .	NEW : The Thai military says 16 insurgents were killed , one fewer than previously stated The heavily armed militants attacked under cover of darkness , military officials say But the Thai navy personnel in the base were ready after receiving a tip , the officials say Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have been fighting government forces for years
Lawmakers began a new session of Congress with the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , still fresh in their minds -- inspiring a new push to pass gun laws that could prevent another tragedy . On Day One , lawmakers in the House of Representatives introduced nearly a dozen bills related to gun violence . Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , D-New York , a longtime gun control advocate , led the fight on the Democratic side of the aisle . She 's sponsoring legislation that would require background checks for all gun sales -- including at gun shows -- and ban online sales of ammunition . McCarthy is also co-sponsoring a bill to ban high-capacity magazines with Rep. Diana DeGette , D-Colorado . DeGette 's district includes Columbine High School , where two gunmen killed 13 people in 1999 , and is next to Aurora , where a gunman killed 12 people in a mass shooting at a movie theater in July . "  These assault magazines help put the ` mass ' in ` mass shooting ' and anything we can do to stop their proliferation will save lives in America , " said McCarthy , whose husband was killed and her son critically wounded in a mass shooting on the Long Island Railroad in New York in 1993 . "  These devices are used to kill as many people as possible in the shortest amount of time possible , and we owe it to innocent Americans everywhere to keep them out of the hands of dangerous people . " Meanwhile , two Republican freshmen , Rep. Steve Stockman of Texas and Rep. Thomas Massie of Kentucky , have introduced bills that would allow more guns around schools . In the Senate , California Democrat Dianne Feinstein plans to introduce a bill to ban the sale , transfer , importation and manufacturing of more than 100 firearms . The bill would also ban certain semiautomatic rifles , handguns and shotguns that can accept a detachable magazine , and semiautomatic rifles and handguns with a fixed magazine that can accept more than 10 rounds . The assault weapons ban Feinstein helped pass in 1994 expired in 2004 . Feinstein is in the process of gathering support for her bill in both chambers . Marine to Feinstein : ` No ma'am , ' I wo n't register my guns Bills sponsored by Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , to ban high-capacity magazines and Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , to enhance background checks and close the gun show loophole already have counterparts in the lower chamber . But gun control is a heated topic , and any push to restrict access to guns will be met with strong opposition from the 4-million-member National Rifle Association , the nation 's most powerful gun rights lobby . The NRA has long blocked efforts to introduce tougher gun laws , arguing Congress can not infringe on the Second Amendment right to bear arms . In a press conference a week after the Newtown shootings , the group 's Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre asked , "  Since when did the word ` gun ' automatically become a bad word ? " He called on Congress to appropriate enough money to put armed police officers in every school in the country . The NRA has also questioned the effectiveness of gun bans , suggesting they could put communities in danger . "  Politicians pass laws for Gun-Free School Zones , " LaPierre said during the December press conference . "  They issue press releases bragging about them . They post signs advertising them . And in so doing , they tell every insane killer in America that schools are their safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk . " Gun owners fear new legislation could tread on their rights No gun-control efforts will bear fruit without support from both sides of the aisle , which is by no means a sure thing . So far , no Republicans have come forward to sponsor new legislation restricting gun rights , and several Democrats also speak out in favor of gun rights . "  The NRA is the big issue , but I would n't say it 's on the Republican side only , it 's on the Democratic side also . ... fully half of your new Senate has either an A + , A or A - rating from the NRA , " said John Gramlich , who covers gun control for CQ Roll Call . "  The NRA has said that the answer to Newtown is to put more guns , more police officers in schools , and so if you want anything to happen on gun control , you 're going to have at least half of the Senate upsetting the NRA and that 's a very difficult proposition . " Gramlich said some elements of gun control -- like banning high-capacity ammunition magazines -- could get passed , but more comprehensive legislation faces long odds . Gun-control supporters believe having the support of the highest office in the land could help make a difference this time around . President Barack Obama called for action at a vigil in Newtown after the shooting . "  Since I 've been president , this is the fourth time we have come together to comfort a grieving community torn apart by mass shootings , fourth time we 've hugged survivors , the fourth time we 've consoled the families of victims , " he said . "  Are we really prepared to say that we 're powerless in the face of such carnage , that the politics are too hard ? " Days later , he announced Vice President Joe Biden would lead a task force to come up with recommendations on ways to reduce gun violence , which is expected to include new gun regulations . Those recommendations are due this month , and the president has said he wants Congress to pass legislation this year . iReport : Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? While the politics will be difficult , pro-gun control members believe the 113th Congress could make progress on guns . "  We 're hopeful that more can get done on this issue now than in many years , " said Shams Tarek , McCarthy 's communications director . "  The climate seems different now , after Newtown , than after other recent mass shootings . " They also acknowledge a tough and potentially long road ahead . "  There is no more uphill fight than this , the question is do we fight or do we knuckle under and we 're not knuckle-unders . We 're just not going to knuckle under . It may take a year it may take two it may take three , " Feinstein said in December . Analysis : Guns and the law It 's also a fight that will have to compete with several other legislative priorities , including the debate over raising the country 's borrowing limit , and a deficit-cutting agreement that will avoid steep automatic spending cuts that are set to kick in about two months from now if lawmakers ca n't make a deal . "  There 's definitely a question of timing and floor time for these kinds of debates , and then there 's also the political question , " said Gramlich . "  You just had a fiscal cliff deal where the House speaker really alienated a lot of the members of his own party , because he was seen as making too many concessions towards the Democrats , and if you 're talking about an issue as powerful and emotional as gun control , is the speaker really going to meet Democrats halfway on something like that and risk offending his own party even more ? I think that 's a really important question . "	Lawmakers in House introduce multiple bills related to gun violence Gun-control advocates sponsor bills requiring background checks for all gun sales Two GOP freshmen introduce bills to allow more guns around schools Fate of proposed laws depends on getting support from both sides of aisle
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- More than a million anti-government youth gathered for protests in virtually all of Yemen 's provinces , witnesses said Friday , a day the protesters dubbed "  Friday of victory from God . " The largest protest was in Taiz , where more than 500,000 went into Freedom Square , numerous eyewitnesses estimated . "  We will not stop marching and protesting . We feel that victory for the Yemeni revolution is near , and our patience will pay off very soon , " said Mansoor al-Mukbili , a youth protester in Sanaa , the nation 's capital . He said the regime is gasping its last breath and the protesters will continue seeking peaceful change and denounce any sort of violence . Fuad Himyari , the head of prayers in Sanaa 's Change Square , called on youth protesters to stand firm , saying the battle against the oppressive regime is coming to an end . Pro-government protests were also witnessed in the capital as President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's followers continue to gather , though in small numbers . More than 50,000 supporters showed up in Sabeen Square , 2 kilometers from the Presidential Palace . Pro-Saleh chants were repeated for more than two hours . "  Saleh , Saleh , we will defend you and support you , " his supporters repeated . Protests demanding the ouster of Saleh have been going on for eight months . The ruling General People 's Congress has been continuously urging dialogue . "  In the end the only way to solve the Yemeni crisis is through dialogue . We call opposition forces to the dialogue table , " said Hasan al-Lawzi , the information minister . Abdu al-Ganadi , the deputy information minister , advised the opposition that Yemen is not Egypt and Tunisia , and that no one side will be able to solve the current crisis . "  We need to work together to rid the country from the political stalemate , " he said . Opposition parties insist they will not be involved in any dialogue with the Saleh regime . "  The Gulf power transfer proposal was on the table for months and Saleh refused to sign it , " said Ahmed Bahri , head of the political circle for the opposition Haq party . "  He was guaranteed immunity and we can not guarantee he will get it in the end . " The proposal was put forward in May by the Gulf Cooperation Council , made up of six nations on the Arabian Peninsula . Saleh had initially indicated he would go along with it , but then refused to sign . In the southern Abyan province , government forces are gaining ground in the fight against suspected al Qaeda militants . The government said troops succeeded Thursday night in taking over al-Kod , a strategic town in the outskirts of Zinjibar , the capital of the province . The armed militants fled the town and are regrouping as government forces attempt to enter Zinjibar , officials said .	Witnesses say more than 500,000 protesters gather in Taiz In Sanaa , protesters and a smaller number of Saleh supporters gathered Protesters rebuff the ruling General People 's Congress ' call for dialogue
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Residents of Thailand 's Munag Ake village are being urged to evacuate the area early Tuesday morning , according to Thailand 's Flood Relief Operations Center . The center 's director said parts of a dike at Tambon Lak Hok , MuangÂ District , Â PathumÂ Thani province have broken and a mass of water is expected to flow into the village . Flood waters could reach almost five feet  1.5 meters  in the village . The FROC said the Royal Thai Armed Forces will have vehicles at Rangsit University in Munag Ake village and will be moving residents out of the area . In addition , the Thai Cabinet announced Tuesday public holidays for the end of the month due to anticipated high tides , which could further devastate the flood-ravaged country . The holidays will be from Thursday to next Monday and will be effective in 21 provinces that are still under water , including Bangkok and its suburban provinces , a government spokeswoman said . "  The government would like to give time to people in affected areas to prepare for floods during high tide periods between  October  28 to 30 . Some people who have houses outside Bangkok could be able to live there during flood period , " said Thitima Chaiseang , the government spokeswoman . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra urged employers in both the private and public sectors to allow time off for staff affected by the floods . In addition to allowing time off , Thailand 's Public Health Minister Wittaya Buranasiri has ordered health units be established to help ease the stress of residents . He said there are about 100,000 people suffering from stress related to the flooding . Also , starting Tuesday , the CEO of Nok Air announced the airline is canceling flights in and out of Bangkok 's Don Muang Airport until October 31 due to the "  flood crisis . " . Pate Sarasin , CEO of Nok Air , posted a Twitter message saying "  the water level is now at a critical area at the northern part of the runway . " Nok Air is allowing customers to change their flights free of charge . On Monday , floodwaters in Bangkok reached Don Muang Airport , one of the Thai capital 's two main airports and home to the flood relief operation command , according to a governor . In addition to Don Muang , residents in five other areas should prepare for floods , move their belongings to upper floors and take shelter at evacuation centers , Governor Sukhumbhand Paribatra said in a news conference on Monday . Thammasat University 's gymnasium , which has been used as an evacuation center , is also flooded and without electricity and is itself being evacuated , the governor added . As a remedy , about 4,000 people will be bused to Rajamangala Stadium in central Bangkok with the help of 300 to 400 volunteers , according to the governor . In the east , the industrial estates of Lat Krabang and Bang Chan remained under threat , and volunteers were sought for help with sandbagging . The governor urged the public not to panic and to follow his reports closely . Protecting Bangkok was a priority because it comprises the economic heart of Thailand , Prime Minister Yingluck told CNN Sunday . "  But it does n't mean we have no concern for the people who are suffering from the flooding , " she added . The decision to divert water through canals in Bangkok means parts of the city and its surrounding suburbs , such as Rangsit , are flooded . Residents have resorted to moving out of flooded homes by boat or anything that could float -- or wading through water with plastic bags of belongings balanced on their heads or pets tucked into clothes . The government has called the flooding the worst to afflict the nation in half a century and said some areas might require more than a month before waters recede . More high tides are expected in the coming week , which could cause rivers to back up , further raising water levels , according to Thailand 's Flood Relief Operations Command . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters nationwide , and more than 113,000 people have taken refuge . Many residents waded through dirty water in the capital in recent days , as they made a desperate attempt to save their belongings . The flooding has already killed 356 people , with nearly 9 million others affected , authorities said . Overall damage from the floods has risen and could top $ 6 billion , with the worst yet to come as the waters destroy shops and paralyze factories nationwide , the Thai Finance Ministry said . Thailand derives a significant portion of its revenue from tourism , which has been hurt by the flooding . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Residents of Munag Ake village are being urged to evacuate after parts of an area dike broke The Thai Cabinet announced national holidays to give residents time to prepare for high tide Thailand 's Public Health Minister has ordered health units be established to help people dealing with stress caused by flooding Damage from the flood is estimated at more than $ 6 billion , the government estimates
Much is made of the power of football : the way "  the beautiful game " transcends cultural boundaries , knits together communities and makes grown men cry . But perhaps football 's greatest -- and most little-known -- achievement was its role in the downfall of communism in Europe . When Polish team Lechia Gdansk faced off against Italian club Juventus in the 1983 UEFA Cup Winner 's Cup , Gdansk 's stadium was packed with Polish supporters . And , while the Italian side may have won the match  a respectable 3-2  , the truest triumph belonged to Gdansk . At the time , Poland was under martial law : soldiers patrolled the streets , the country 's borders were sealed and activists were imprisoned without charge . Defiance of communist rule was considered crushed . But here , in this stadium , something shifted . At half-time , the thousands-strong crowd began chanting the name of revolutionary Polish trade union Solidarity , which , in trying to activate social change , had been banned under martial law . Solidarity 's leader , the charismatic Lech Walesa , stood , revered , among the unified crowd . Some years later , he would be president . "  I remember the atmosphere , " Jarzy Jastrzebowski , says the club 's trainer at the time . "  It was unforgettable . " He recalls how , at half-time , "  In the dressing room we heard all this noise and people were chanting ` Solidarity ! '  Then  we saw Lech Walesa getting up and raising his hand  to make  the famous Solidarity symbol . " That Gdansk would rally behind this revolution should come as no surprise : the Solidarity movement began in the city 's shipyards . It was the birthplace of an organization that , according to Karol Nawrocki and Mariusz Kordek in their book , "  Lechia v Juventus - More Than a Game " , 10 million people belonged to in the early 1980s . And , as the match showed , Gdansk was more than Solidarity 's birthplace , it was its beating heart . Rations , curfews , reduced civil liberties and a crumbling economy characterized Poland at this time . But , as Jastrzebowski puts it , "  This match gave us a lot . A new ideology and new freedom was born , because people could n't express what they wanted to freely in the streets . " The stadium , the match , had become a refuge for protest . And it left no doubt that the ruling Communist government had failed to quash its opposition . State television censored transmission of the game , showing it without sound following the half-time chants , worried the rest of the country would hear the dissension . But it was too late . Walesa himself has summed up the power of that day , supposing the authorities had only allowed him to attend the match because "  they did n't think Solidarity still had any life in it . But they were wrong . That match gave us some strength for what would come next " . What came next was years of struggle that ended with the 1989 Round Table Agreement , in which Walesa played a seminal part . This paved the way for semi-free parliamentary elections in Poland , a Solidarity-led government , and inspired a wave of revolutions that brought down communist regimes in Eastern Europe . Come 1990 , Walesa was in office as president . Not many may know what a football match in Gdansk did for democracy in Europe , but Lechia Gdansk fans will never forget . Nor will the team 's current goalkeeper , Mateusz Bak who was born the same year the match took place . "  Still , in 2014 , when you play a game here you can sometimes see a flag in the crowds with the ` Solidarity ' name on it , " he says . "  Our fans remember the times because it happened here , you know ? Everything happened here . " Send in your best shots from Poland	The match between Lechia Gdansk and Juventus fueled the downfall of communism At half time the crowd began chanting "  Solidarity " -- a party which had been banned The stadium and the match , had become a refuge for protest
CNN  -- Nuclear scientists in Switzerland recently dropped some antimatter . The world did n't blow up , but there were some tiny explosions . Scientists are hoping the experiment will teach them more about how the universe developed after the Big Bang . Physicists with ALPHA Collaboration research group are trying to figure out how antimatter interacts with gravity , and if it produces "  antigravity , " says the group 's founder , Jeffrey Hangst . Their experiment mirrors the way Sir Isaac Newton came up with the law of gravity in the late 17th century . Legend has it that an apple fell off a tree and hit the English nobleman on the head . Newton got to thinking how gravity made the apple speed up as it fell . He postulated that matter attracts matter via gravitational force , which is why an object like an apple would fall toward a larger object : the earth . So , if matter attracts matter , what happens when antimatter interacts with it ? Will it produce antigravity ? And would then a ball of antimatter fall up ? Gravity with a twist "  That would be a revolution , " Hangst says . "  That would mean we do n't understand something fundamental about the universe . " And a big piece of the puzzle is indeed missing , he admits . Though people live with the effects of gravity every day and Newton 's law of gravity has been around for over 300 years , scientific understanding of gravity is lagging , he says . "  The way planets and stars move , we understand that well . " But how matter attracts matter on a molecular level is still greatly a mystery , Hangst says . The ALPHA Collaboration hopes to raise the level of understanding . Antimatter science vs. fiction Antimatter may be the stuff of science fiction movies and novels , but it is hardly futuristic , according to CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research in Geneva , where Hangst 's group runs its experiments . Scientists have known about antimatter for more than 80 years , after physicist Carl Anderson discovered positrons in the 1930s . CERN makes the antimatter for ALPHA 's experiment using a particle accelerator , which speeds up subatomic particles to nearly the speed of light and crashes them into each other to produce new particles . In the world of Dan Brown 's "  Angels and Demons " and Gene Roddenberry 's "  Star Trek , " antimatter can make the Vatican explode or power a star ship . If a large chunk of antimatter were to touch a large chunk of matter , the explosion would indeed be enormous , but it 's unlikely to happen . Antimatter has not existed naturally in the universe for a very long time . "  Not in the last 13.7 billion years , " Hangst jokes . That 's basically as long as the known universe has existed . Antimatter abounded But scientists have long theorized that a lot of antimatter was produced during the universe 's inception . It has since disappeared , and they would like to know why . If equal amounts of matter and antimatter existed initially , they should have annihilated each other , but they did n't . Only matter is left behind . The kind of antimatter CERN makes for the experiment is antihydrogen , a mirror image of hydrogen , which is the smallest known atom . Because it is composed of so few parts , it 's the easiest antimatter atom to make . Antihydrogen 's subatomic particles have an electronic charge opposite from those of regular hydrogen . Hangst 's team uses the latest technology to catch the antihydrogen atoms , hold them without letting them touch matter , and then drop them . When the falling antimatter meets matter , the two "  annihilate " each other , as scientists say , and give off energy in the process -- a kind of nano-explosion . The ALPHA scientists measure the energy bursts to find how fast the antihydrogen molecules fell after they dropped them . The result So , did the antimatter fall up ? Scientists with the ALPHA Experiment could n't tell , according to study published in Nature Communications . But the fact that they now have the technology to let it free-fall is a big deal , Hangst said . "  That you can do this at all ... is a bit of a revolution . " It paves the way for scientists to get the answer in a relatively short time -- a few years instead of a few decades . If scientists can figure out how antimatter interacts with gravity , it would take them a step closer to understanding how the universe was formed during the Big Bang , when a lot of antimatter was still around , Hangst says . Many scientists believe that antimatter acts in the same or in a similar manner as matter when it comes to gravity . The ALPHA Collaboration puts that stance to the test . "  In a world in which physicists have only recently discovered that we can not account for most of the matter and energy in the universe , " the study says , it would be "  presumptuous " to cling to the idea . "  We know that there is something fundamental about the universe that we do n't understand , " Hangst said . In essence , scientists do n't know why the universe exists at all . More space and science news from CNN Light Years Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter .	Scientists have long hypothesized that the Big Bang produced lots of antimatter It no longer exists in nature , physicists say It is produced on Earth in particle accelerators Physicists study it to learn more about the formation of the universe
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Not your average great-great grandfather , Fauja Singh has completed nine 26-mile  42-kilometer  marathons since taking up long-distance running just over a decade ago . On Sunday , the 101-year-old Sikh finished his final competitive race in Hong Kong , putting an end to a sporting career that has raised thousands of dollars for charity and been an inspiration to many around the world . Nicknamed "  Turbaned Tornado " by fans for his distinctive traditional headwear , Singh said he began long-distance running in an attempt to lift the depression that engulfed him after he witnessed the death of his son . "  I suffered a tragic incident in my life , a traumatic experience ; I took up running as a new focus in life . And then marathon running developed from there , " he told CNN at a training session before Sunday 's race . He completed the 10-kilometer route that wound its way along Hong Kong 's harborfront in one hour 32 minutes and 28 seconds -- four minutes faster than his time last year despite a small stumble . "  Five or six kilometers into the race , I really decided to go for it , " he said . "  I had lots of power today because I was very happy . " Singh moved to the UK from India following the death of his son and entered his first marathon in London in 2000 aged 89 . In 2011 , Singh became the first centenarian on record to complete a marathon after finishing the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in 2011 in eight hours and 11 minutes and six seconds . He was also a torchbearer for the 2012 Olympics and was featured in Adidas ' "  Impossible is nothing " advertising campaign . "  He 's focused , determined and single minded ... he 's never set out to break records , " said his trainer Harmander Singh , who has been coaching him for 13 years . Although the Hong Kong event was Singh 's last competitive race , his coach said the centenarian will still run for pleasure . "  He 's my best student , I would say , which is ironic because he 's twice my age . " As he hangs up his running shoes , Singh told CNN he had no secret diet or training regimen . He attributed his success to a simple love of the sport . "  It 's because of the happiness I get out of it . If something makes you happy , you 'll do it well . " CNN 's Aloke Devichand , Elizabeth Joseph and Diego Laje contributed reporting in Hong Kong .	Fauja Singh , 101 , completes final race in Hong Kong The great , great grandfather has run 9 marathons Took up long-distance running after death of son Attributes success to love of the sport
SAN DIEGO  CNN  -- "  When I got out of the Army , I did not want to talk about my war experience , " said Angela Kozak , currently a speech pathology student at San Diego State University . The transition from war zone to classroom was not easy for the 30-something-year-old veteran . "  The first semester I came here , I was kind of stand-offish . I did n't get involved in anything . I was n't really clicking with the people in my classes . They were 19 , 20 , 21 years old , " she said . Things changed when she discovered the SDSU Veterans Center , where she met men and women with similar life experiences . "  It 's made my college experience a hundred times better , " she said . San Diego State University is one of the first in the country to provide a single location on campus where veterans can access their benefits , meet others with common military backgrounds , and even relax and play Xbox . The staff at the Joan and Art Barron Veterans Center does everything from helping coordinate psychological counseling for veterans who might need it , to managing the nation 's first on-campus housing reserved exclusively for veterans . "  Veterans have these shared life experiences , issues that they might be dealing with that only they can understand because they 've lived it , " said Joan Putnam , the director of the SDSU Veterans center . The students have been stopping by this week to enjoy the "  bunker , " a lounge at the center with one wall covered in camouflage netting and providing coffee , tea and snacks during finals . As the war winds down in Iraq and many men and women are retiring from the military , San Diego State recognizes a need to serve this type of student . Nationally , about 450,000 people used the Post 9/11 GI Bill benefits for college this fall , according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . "  We are anticipating that the people who are taking advantage of the Post 9/11 GI Bill over the course of the next several years will rise as we draw down and people get out of the services , " said Curtis Coy , undersecretary for economic opportunity at the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  The numbers are absolutely going up , " said Keith Wilson , the educational services director of the VA. . Since 2009 -- the first year for the Post 9/11 GI Bill -- the number of participants has increased by 50 % . Share your Iraq war stories The SDSU Veterans Center currently serves around a thousand students and is a selling point for the university to attract even more student veterans . "  I knew that leaving the military , I personally wanted a little bit of a safety net , " said Holly Shaffner , who retired from the Coast Guard at the end of October after 24 years in the service . "  I knew that San Diego was a big veteran 's community so I chose to come to San Diego State . " Like Kozak , Shaffner felt she was different from the younger students who do n't share her background . "  They do n't have the same maturity level , the same goals , the same vision for the class , " she said . "  I sit at the head of the class . I 'm studious . I take notes . Their principles are n't the same right now . " "  Veterans are not your typical kid right out of high school . They are disciplined . So there 's lots of those sort of nuanced reasons why school would want to have veterans on campus , " said Coy . The American Council on Education surveyed 723 colleges and universities in 2009 and found that 65 % of the respondents who offered services to veterans and military personnel prior to September 11 , 2001 , had increased their emphasis on those services since that time . This included adding new programs for military and veterans , and marketing and outreach strategies aimed at those groups . Todd Kennedy retired from the Marine Corps after a 22-year military career . He served in Desert Storm in 1991 , and Restore Hope in Somalia in 1992 . He did two tours in Iraq in 2006 and 2009 . The history major decided to retire in November 2010 while serving in Afghanistan , and he started the college entrance paperwork process before returning to the United States . Kennedy says the SDSU Veterans Center has been a big help as he moves into the next chapter in his life . Whether they are 22 years old or 32 years old , the veterans all share a common bond , Kennedy said . "  If something is bugging you , you 've got someone who speaks the same language , so it 's been a really good transition tool , " he said .	VA : About 450,000 people used Post 9/11 GI Bill benefits for college this fall The transition from war zone to classroom has not been easy for many vets San Diego State University has a Veterans Center to help ease that transition "  Veterans have these shared life experiences , " says the center 's director
