The day before he was found dead in a Manhattan apartment , actor Philip Seymour Hoffman went to his favorite coffee shop for a four-shot espresso . That night , he met two others for dinner at a West Village restaurant . Nothing appeared out of the ordinary -- either that morning or that night . But some of those who interacted with Hoffman during the day Saturday paint a different picture . Call him Phil The mother of his children said he appeared high . A passerby who stopped to say hi to him said the actor appeared "  out of it . " In New York 's Greenwich Village neighborhood , where Hoffman lived , it was common to see him riding a bicycle and walking his children to the public school they attended . Now , police are trying to piece together the actor 's movements last weekend as they look for anyone who might be linked to the drugs that apparently killed him . Here 's a timeline of what has emerged about Hoffman 's final hours before the discovery of his body Sunday . Saturday morning -- Hoffman stops in at Chocolate Bar on 8th Avenue for his regular order : a four-shot espresso over ice with a splash of milk . He is alone and chats with members of staff . "  He seemed perfectly fine , " manager Jonathan Hanson tells CNN . "  He seemed in good spirits . He was very happy . " Suspected heroin found in apartment Around 1:30 p.m. -- Hoffman 's assistant speaks to him on the phone . She also thought he seemed fine , she tells police . The assistant says she had visited him at his rented apartment Friday and noticed nothing out of the ordinary then , either . 2 p.m. -- The first hint that something is amiss . Mimi O'Donnell , Hoffman 's ex-partner and mother of their three children , sees him near his apartment . She later tells authorities she thought he appeared to be high , law enforcement sources say . 5 p.m. -- Hoffman is spotted walking along Greenwich Street by Paul Pabst , executive producer of the syndicated "  Dan Patrick Show . " Pabst is with his wife and his sister , who plucks up the courage to say hi to Hoffman . The actor -- bundled up in "  a big , puffy coat " -- appears surprised a stranger recognized him , Pabst says on his show . But he still responds , giving Pabst 's sister "  a half high-five " before continuing on his way . Pabst says his sister remarks that Hoffman seemed "  out of it . " Heroin 's rise and fatal draw Saturday evening -- Hoffman has dinner with two companions at Automatic Slims , a restaurant and bar in the West Village that he frequently visited . It is a short meal , at which Hoffman has a cheeseburger and drinks a cranberry and soda . A bartender at the restaurant , on Washington Street , tells CNN it appeared to be a business dinner . Around 8 p.m. -- O'Donnell talks to Hoffman on the phone . He again seems to be high , she later tells authorities . After their conversation , no other contact with Hoffman has so far been confirmed . Between 8 and 9 p.m. -- Hoffman withdraws a total of $ 1,200 from an automated teller machine in six transactions at a supermarket near his West Village home , two law enforcement sources say , citing bank records . A witness told investigators that he saw Hoffman withdrawing money around 8 p.m. at the supermarket while talking to two men who were wearing messenger bags , the officials said . Sunday , 9 a.m. -- Hoffman fails to show up at O'Donnell 's home in the West Village to pick up his three children . His no-show causes concern . Hoffman interviewed in January 11 a.m. -- O'Donnell asks a Hoffman friend , playwright David Katz , to check on the actor . Katz and another person subsequently go to the fourth-floor apartment , where they find him dead , lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . He is wearing shorts and a T-shirt , his eyeglasses still resting on his head , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry . Around 11:30 a.m. -- Police are called . They arrive at the apartment shortly afterward . O'Donnell is told what has happened . She quickly picks up their son from the playground and brings him home . The aftermath -- Investigators discover close to 50 envelopes of what they believe is heroin in the apartment where Hoffman is found , the law enforcement sources say . They find used syringes , prescription drugs and empty bags that authorities suspect are used to hold heroin , the sources tell CNN . After the discovery of Hoffman 's body , word of his death spreads through the neighborhood . Friends bring flowers and cards in remembrance . The Oscar-winning actor was 46 .	Hoffman withdrew $ 1,200 from a supermarket ATM , law enforcement officials say The actor was seen at a number of his regular haunts the day before his death Some people say he seemed normal ; others say he appeared to be high or "  out of it " He was found dead Sunday morning with a syringe in his arm , sources say
CNN  Daniel Donovan , the prosecutor in the case surrounding the death of an African American man at the hands of a white police officer , was endorsed by the Staten Island Republican Party this weekend as their pick to replace resigned GOP Rep. Michael Grimm , according to local reports . Party Chairman John Antoniello chose Donovan after interviewing both him and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis , who has also expressed interest in the seat . Antoniello said , however , the 31-member executive committee showed their support "  overwhelmingly in favor of Dan " in an informal poll . "  At the end of the day , we felt , the committee felt , overwhelmingly that Dan Donovan would make a better candidate , " he said , according to the Staten Island Advance . Though the Brooklyn Republican Party has yet to endorse a candidate and has informally expressed support for Malliotakis , Staten Island makes up the vast majority of the district 's population , and the SIGOP 's endorsement all but ensures Donovan will win the GOP primary outright . The endorsement , which came as no surprise , was issued Saturday , the day after Donovan officially launched his bid for the seat . National Republicans have privately expressed some concerns over Donovan 's involvement in the case concerning Eric Garner , the African American man who died at the hands of a white police officer following a banned chokehold . Donovan was prosecutor in the case in which the grand jury decided not to indict the police officer , a decision that fueled further anger and protests from Americans nationwide frustrated by what they see as the unfair treatment of minorities by law enforcement . Grimm won a decisive victory despite the cloud of controversy hanging over him after he was indicted last spring on 20 counts , including the tax fraud charge to which he ultimately pleaded guilty , which could result in jail time . The swing district has long been a top target for Democrats , but their hopes for an early pickup this cycle grew when Grimm announced his plans to resign from the seat after entering his guilty plea shortly before the start of the new Congress .	Dan Donovan , the prosecutor in the Eric Garner case , is the Staten Island GOP 's pick for Michael Grimm 's seat The seat is a top Democratic target now that Grimm has resigned Some national Republicans are concerned Donovan 's involvement in the Garner case could be problematic
Washington  CNN  -- A California company has recalled more than 3,000 pounds of fresh ground beef patties and other packages of ground beef products that may be contaminated with the E. coli bacteria , the U.S. Agriculture Department said Saturday . The department 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said it became aware of the problem "  when contacted by another federal regulated establishment who believed they had received suspect product . " American Food Service of Pico Rivera recalled the products , which were produced on January 31 , the USDA said in a press release . The products subject to recall bear the establishment number "  EST. 1913 " inside the USDA mark of inspection . They were sent to restaurants throughout Southern California . Some of the products may be frozen and in restaurant freezers , the department said . E. coli can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and in severe cases , kidney failure . Babies , seniors and people with weak immune systems are the most susceptible . It was not clear Saturday whether anyone had been sickened by the recalled products .	California company recalls ground beef patties , other products Products may be contaminated with E. coli , federal government says The products were sent to Southern California restaurants
Rolling Stone  -- There are moments when "  Move Like This , " the first new album by the Cars in 24 years , sounds so much like a record by the Cars that you find yourself laughing out loud . Take "  Sad Song , " on which the opening salvo -- a terse guitar strum set against the machinelike thwack of snare drum and hand claps -- is such a note-perfect evocation of the band 's vintage attack that it almost plays like winking self-parody . Ronald Reagan was mired in the Iran-Contra scandal when Ric Ocasek and Co. released their last studio album ; Benjamin Orr , the Cars ' bassist and co-lead singer , died of pancreatic cancer in 2000 . But the Cars have n't moved their music an inch . This is the sound of a band picking up a conversation in midsentence . Rolling Stone : Watch the Cars return with surreal ` Sad Song ' Can you blame them ? Their hits are still radio mainstays , and their influence is audible in successive generations of pop-savvy rockers , from Weezer to the Strokes . Listen back to "  Just What I Needed " or "  Drive " and you 'll hear where many of today 's young bands learned their tricks : how to mix guitars and synthesizers , how to make rock that 's as tuneful as bubblegum , and pop that 's as stylishly sinister as rock . "  Move Like This " is a reminder that New Wave can still sound new , especially when the Cars do it . Produced with skillful restraint by Ocasek , his bandmates and the dependable Jacknife Lee  the Hives , Snow Patrol  , the album calls to mind adjectives long associated with the Cars : taut , sleek , seamless , efficient . It 's a record that whizzes past -- 10 songs in less than 40 minutes -- leaving behind a dark gleam . Rolling Stone : New Wave heroes the Cars roar back on reunion record It opens with a socko one-two punch : "  Blue Tip " and "  Too Late , " textbook Cars songs that place Ocasek 's deadpan atop Elliot Easton 's tensile lead guitar and Greg Hawkes ' blipping , squealing keyboards . The Cars have been called post-punk pop classicists -- what Buddy Holly might have sounded like had he lived long enough to trade in his Strat for a Roland synthesizer . But the thing that has really set them apart is groove , and Ocasek is at his best in songs like "  Keep on Knockin ' , " singing a jittery version of the boogie blues . Ocasek 's lyrics can be hard to parse , whether about sex  "  Your waxy face is melting on your lap/I sat there trying to crush a gingersnap "  or politics  "  Sanctuary in the heartland/Black-and-white TV/Stroking all the gunheads / To the ninth degree "  . But for Ocasek , the sound is more important than the message -- in fact , the sound is the message . The Cars have always been mood-music specialists ; their cold , brittle , shiny songs evoke long nights , jagged nerves , frustrated longings . Rolling Stone gallery : Random notes , rock 's hottest photos Orr added some warmth , a touch of daylight , to the proceedings , but with him gone , Ocasek has burnished the group 's music to a glossier shade of noir . "  Your eyes are dim , your heart is blue / 'Cause nothing ever lasts , " Ocasek croaks over chiming guitar arpeggios in "  Take Another Look " ; on "  Sad Song , " he sings , "  It 's just a sad song that pulls you along . " Long after we thought we 'd heard the last from them , the Cars have made their darkest , most romantic album . It pulls you along . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	New Cars album is the "  sound of a band picking up a conversation in midsentence " Cars ' hits are still radio mainstays , and their influence is audible "  Move Like This " is a reminder that New Wave can still sound new
London  CNN  -- Internet giants signed up Tuesday to a "  zero tolerance " approach to images of child sexual abuse as the British government announced a new , tougher strategy to find and block illegal content . Google , Yahoo , Microsoft , Twitter and Facebook were among the firms summoned to a meeting on the issue at 10 Downing Street , the prime minister 's residence , by the UK government 's Department for Culture , Media and Sport . The summit was called in the wake of two recent UK child murder cases . In each case , the killer had viewed child sexual abuse images and violent pornography on the Internet , sparking calls for action to eradicate such content and protect vulnerable young people . After the summit , the government said the Internet Watch Foundation -- a watchdog body set up in 1996 -- would have new powers to seek out child sex abuse images , block access to them and remove them . The watchdog has previously acted after an image of child sexual abuse was reported to it via a hotline . While there are an estimated 1 million unique images of child abuse online , only 40,000 reports are made to the Internet Watch Foundation each year , the Department for Culture , Media and Sport said . Now , the watchdog will work with a cross-agency government body , the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre , known as CEOP , to hunt down such images , the department said . And the UK 's leading Internet service providers -- Virgin Media , BSkyB , BT and TalkTalk -- have agreed to give Â # 1 million  $ 1.57 million  over the next four years to help fund the new approach . Tuesday 's agreement represents a "  fundamental change " in the way child sexual abuse content will be tackled , the Department of Culture , Media and Sport said . "  This will mean more images of child sexual abuse will be tracked down and acted on , " said Culture Secretary Maria Miller . "  The abuse of children is absolutely abhorrent -- and that child is further violated every single time an image is circulated and viewed . The IWF and CEOP already do important and valuable work . "  This agreement will mean these organizations will no longer be limited to reacting to reports received . They will now have the remit and the resources to take the fight to the criminals perpetrating these vile acts . " In addition , Internet providers have agreed to introduce by the end of the month special pages to tell users when they try to access a page that has been blocked by the Internet Watch Foundation . The four main UK Internet service providers will also beef up the parental control options they offer , so that parents can easily restrict Internet access on all devices in their home by the end of the year . The main cell phone service providers in the United Kingdom also took part in the talks . All the firms present signed a statement saying : "  We have a zero tolerance approach to the presence of child sexual abuse material on the Internet . " Prime Minister David Cameron , speaking to reporters at the Group of Eight summit in Northern Ireland , said he was "  personally committed " to the battle . He said he welcomed steps to make sure the big Internet companies "  use their expertise , their brains and their brilliance to get these disgusting images off the Internet much faster . " Tuesday 's summit is not the only action taken by Web giants to tackle the scourge of exploitative images online . Google said Tuesday that it will spend $ 5 million on an effort to wipe pictures of child sexual abuse from the Web and another $ 2 million to research more effective ways to find , report and eradicate the images . Some of that money will go to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children as well as the Internet Watch Foundation , said Jacqueline Fuller , the director of Google Giving , in a blog post . The Web giant also is creating the Child Protection Technology Fund to develop more efficient ways to fight child porn , and already works to tag illegal images and prevent them being found elsewhere .	UK government summons Internet giants to talks on tackling child sexual exploitation online Firms sign up to a "  zero tolerance " approach to images of child sexual abuse Watchdog body is given new powers to seek out and block illegal images British Prime Minister David Cameron says he is personally committed to the battle
CNN  -- I finished this column at 7 a.m. Friday morning , interrupting my vacation to write it . About six hours later , President Obama made an impromptu appearance in the White House briefing room , sharing in detail his thoughts and feelings about the verdict in the case of George Zimmerman , who was acquitted of killing Trayvon Martin . In a deeply stirring moment , the president said , "  Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago . " President Obama went on to talk about the historical context of the black experience , including the prejudice that he himself experienced as a young African-American man . He talked about the black community 's need to acknowledge some of their internal problems and to search for solutions , not excuses . He talked about ways we could move forward on race relations . Thinking out loud , he did n't preach , he did n't propose massive new government programs . He suggested approaches , ways of rethinking , appealed to the "  better angels of our nature , " and expressed confidence that the younger generation is "  better than we were on these issues . " Perhaps it indicates shared experiences and expectations , but I found many of my thoughts anticipated his thoughts . And now , I have to examine what I wrote , make sure , as much as I can , that my words also move us toward "  a more perfect union . " I go back to a formative event in my life -- the historic 1963 March on Washington where the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. delivered his stirring "  I Have a Dream " speech . Many of the original marchers are no longer with us . After 50 years , his words of hope , resolve and encouragement still echo with us . "  I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . " Dr. King spoke not just of the future that should be , but the present that is . The Constitution and Declaration of Independence were , he said , promissory notes that had come due . Dr. King acknowledged passions , the anger and frustration fueled by a hot summer and enflamed by indifference and misapprehension . Reiterating President Obama 's prayer , I would remind those rallying in support of Trayvon Martin of Dr. King 's words : "  Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred ... Again and again we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force . " After the Zimmerman verdict , President Obama issued a statement , saying , in part : "  We should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities . We should ask ourselves , as individuals and as a society , how we can prevent future tragedies like this . " His remarks today put us in the right direction . Our first bi-racial president responded to calls that he "  break his silence " and lead a "  national dialogue on race . " He said , no , because "  when politicians try to organize conversations ... they end up being stilted and politicized , and folks are locked into the positions they already have . " Rather , he said , we should talk in what I would call our "  small places , " within our families , places of worship , workplaces and community gatherings . Because in those places "  there 's a possibility that people are a little bit more honest , and at least you ask yourself your own questions about , am I wringing as much bias out of myself as I can . " I grew up in the once segregated South . I experienced forced integration during my formative school years . I lived the sacrifices , burdens and tears . I also lived the moments of understanding , of acknowledgment , of fellowship and success . I saw my parents and grandparents coming home beaten down -- and some of my friends beaten up . But I was also forbidden by them to hate anyone , and learned from them to love , respect and be tolerant of others . Obama 's groundbreaking speech about race -- his "  More Perfect Union " speech in 2008 -- spoke about the balance and the struggle and the promise of mutuality inherent in the Constitution . He referenced it today . He sees himself , as president , a spokesman for all Americans . Both of his presidential campaigns were based on American diversity , its value and its power . Power to the people . So , where do we start ? Person to person , neighborhood by neighborhood . We can start with the kind of self-examination the president suggests -- by looking at our knee-jerks , our stereotypes , our blame-game projections . We can start by acknowledging the progress we 've made in the long march for equality under the law . We can start by listening better . We can start by admitting we 're not always right and that "  I do n't see it that way " are n't fighting words . We can start by making opportunities for our youth a high priority , and by showing them -- by example -- how to work out differences , without ridiculing those who are different . We can start by taking action -- action is the main thing . We can start by increasing , by a little , our acts of goodness and kindness , especially toward those with whom we disagree . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	President Obama commented on the case of Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman Brazile : Obama suggested approaches to moving forward on race relations She says that in her youth , Dr. King inspired her and others with similar messages Brazile : We can start by acting more kindly toward those with whom we disagree
CNN  -- Typhoon Morakot dumped heavy rain on Taiwan early Saturday and threatened to further soak the recently drought-stricken island . A man fights against strong winds in Hsintien , Taipei county , Taiwan , on Friday . As of 3 a.m. local time , the storm 's eye was over the northern part of the island , CNN forecaster Kevin Corriveau reported , although he noted that slow-moving Morakot is so large it encompassed the entire island . Journalist Andrew Lee in Taipei , citing local media , said the storm had blown off roofs and washed out some bridges . Corriveau said the island has received more than 39 inches  99 centimeters  of rain from the storm , which he said was expected to dump another 39 to 47 inches  99 to 119 centimeters  of rain on Taiwan . The storm made landfall carrying winds of up to 92 mph  148 km/h  , with gusts up to 115 mph  185 km/h  , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center said . iReport.com : See balcony view of heavy rains Corriveau said the storm was expected to linger over the island for several more hours , and the southern portion of Morakot would likely be passing over Taiwan for hours after that . The storm 's impact had already been felt by Friday morning , with mudslides and landslides occurring on the island . The area has been severely affected by drought in recent months , leaving the ground so hard that it does not absorb the rainfall , Corriveau said . Taiwan 's Central News Agency , acknowledging the drought , cited the Water Resources Agency as saying that the storm had replenished the island 's reservoirs and would put an end to water rationing in several areas . Watch more about the typhoon 's impact " The storm prompted airlines to cancel flights . Schools and government offices were closed ahead of Morakot 's arrival , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . Trading at the Taiwan Stock Exchange was also postponed until Monday , the news agency reported . In China , state-run Xinhua News Agency reported that governments in coastal provinces were readying themselves for the storm and had ordered fishing boats to seek shelter before Thursday night . In Fujian province , about 8.4 million text messages had been sent to citizens warning them to prepare for the typhoon , Xinhua reported . More than 900 people , including Chinese and foreign tourists , have been evacuated from the resort of Nanji Island off east China , the news agency reported . CNN 's Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	Island gets more than 39 inches of rain ; 47 inches more possible Airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed More than 900 people evacuated from resort of Nanji Island off east China
Atlanta  CNN  -- The number of people who have contracted a noncontagious form of meningitis linked to contaminated steroid injections soared to 91 Sunday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . The reported figure jumped by 27 people in one day , while the death toll remained at seven . Patients in nine states contracted the deadly fungal meningitis after being injected in their spine with a preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate that was contaminated by a fungus . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . What is meningitis ? The New England Compounding Center  NECC  , the Massachusetts-based pharmacy that made the contaminated injections , voluntarily recalled three lots of the injected steroid last week . On Saturday , the same pharmacy announced a voluntary nationwide recall of all its other products as well . NECC said that the new recall was being announced out of an abundance of caution and that there is no indication any of its other products are contaminated . The Food and Drug Administration has already asked doctors , clinics and consumers to stop using any of the pharmacy 's products . The pharmacy on Wednesday voluntarily surrendered its license to operate until the FDA investigation into the contamination is complete . Health officials say 76 medical facilities in 23 states received the contaminated steroid injections from NECC . A list of the 76 affected medical facilities is on the CDC 's website at www.cdc.gov/hai/outbreaks/meningitis-facilities-map.html . The CDC raised the death toll Saturday after two people died in Michigan . Other deaths have been reported in Maryland , Tennessee and Virginia . Tennessee is reporting the most number of overall cases -- 32 -- which includes three deaths , according to the CDC . There are also confirmed cases in Florida , Indiana , Minnesota , North Carolina and Ohio . The other states that received the contaminated products from NECC are California , Connecticut , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Nevada , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas and West Virginia . Federal health inspectors began inspecting the NECC plant last Monday . Inspectors found foreign particles in unopened vials , and after testing one of the unopened vials , they determined the substance was a fungus . The investigation is still under way . Nearly 10 % of drugs administered in the United States come from compound pharmacies , according to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report . Drugs manufactured by compound pharmacies do not have to go through FDA-mandated premarket approval . Instead , state health pharmacy boards are responsible for the oversight and licensing of these pharmacies . Compound pharmacists create customized medication solutions for patients for whom manufactured pharmaceuticals wo n't work , according to the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens like fungi , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , it is not contagious . Symptoms of fungal meningitis are similar to symptoms from other forms of meningitis , but they often appear more gradually and can be very mild at first , the CDC says . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms like headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . Health officials say any patients who received an injection at one of the facilities beginning July 1 and who began showing symptoms between one and three weeks after being injected should see their doctor right away . The earlier a patient gets treatment , the more likely he or she will survive . Patients are treated with anti-fungal medication , which is given intravenously , so patients have to be admitted to the hospital , the CDC said . Patients may need to be treated for months . The FDA is urging anyone who has experienced problems following an injection with the NECC product to report it to MedWatch , the FDA 's voluntary reporting program , by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Tennessee has most reported cases with 32 people , three of whom have died Fungal meningitis is extremely rare , usually not mild Pharmaceutical maker has recalled all of its products CDC has compiled list of facilities that received contaminated injections
CNN  -- Former President George H.W. Bush has improved , but will remain in the hospital through the weekend , his spokesman said Saturday night . "  President Bush 's condition has improved to the point that doctors have begun discussing dates for his discharge , " Bush spokesman Jim McGrath said in a statement . "  He will remain at the Houston Methodist Hospital through the weekend for further observation . " Bush , 90 , was taken to the hospital Tuesday night as a precautionary measure after experiencing shortness of breath . On Christmas Day , the former president received visits from his wife , Barbara , son Neil and daughter-in-law Maria Bush , McGrath said in a previous statement . McGrath said Bush "  asked that his sincere wishes for a very Merry Christmas be extended to one and all . " Aides stressed this hospitalization is different from what the former president faced two years ago when he had to spend two months , including Christmas , hospitalized after suffering bronchitis and a persistent cough . Bush , a Republican , served as the nation 's 41st president and is the father of the 43rd president , George W. Bush . While suffering from a form of Parkinson 's disease that causes him to use a wheelchair or a scooter , the elder Bush has been active recently . He appeared last month with his son George at an event to unveil the new book , "  41 : A Portrait of My Father . " 41 things about Bush 41 CNN 's Steve Brusk and John King contributed to this report .	George H.W. Bush will stay in hospital through the weekend Former President was hospitalized Tuesday for shortness of breath He is the father of the 43rd president , George W. Bush
A two-shot swing on the final hole of the final women 's major of the season saw South Korean teenager Hyo-Joo Kim clinch a remarkable victory in the Evian Championship at the expense of Karrie Webb of Australia Sunday . Webb chasing an eighth career major , but first since 2006 , was one ahead going into the 18th hole , but took three shots from the edge of the green for a bogey five , missing her final effort from 12 feet . By contrast , the 19-year-old Kim , playing her first major , showed no sign of nerves as he rolled home a 15-foot birdie putt to finish on 11-under 273 . It left her a shot clear and the third youngest winner of a major behind U.S. pair Morgan Pressel and Lexi Thompson . Speaking through an interpreter , Kim admitted : "  I was flying like a bird . " Webb , who would have become the first player to win six different majors , with the Evian Championship a recent addition to the roster , said she had misjudged her first effort from the edge of the green . "  It was a rush of adrenaline with the belly wedge and the putt was faster than I thought . It was a very poor putt and I knew I had to make it for a play-off . "  I had a lot of good shots and hit every green bar the second hole and it 's obviously disappointing , but I gave myself a good chance . " Kim , who stunned the golf world with her opening 10-under 61 in France , closed with a final round of 68 to clinch the 350,000-euro first prize  $ 487,500  . She has the added bonus of winning her full playing rights to next season 's LPGA Tour without having to qualify . Webb also shot a 68 for 10-under with two more South Koreans , Jang Ha-Na  66  and Hur Mi Jung  68  tied for third on nine-under . To complete its domination , another Korean Choi Na Yeon , was fifth on eight-under after a fine closing 67 . Kim first came to attention at the 2012 Evian Masters -- the last event before it became a major -- finishing fourth as an amateur that year . In 2013 she was Rookie of the Year on the Korean Tour and has already won three times this season . U.S. star Michelle Wie had to pull out of the first round with a hand injury , but had some consolation by sealing the inaugural Annika  Sorenstam  Major Award . It is for the player who has won at least one major and has the best overall record . Wie claimed her first major at the U.S.Women 's Open champion and was runner-up to Thompson in the Kraft Nabisco Championship .	Teenager Hyo-Joo Kim wins Evian Championship Two-shot swing on final hole of final women 's major of the season Australia 's Karrie Webb bogeys to finish in second Kim shot a course record 61 in the first round
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced additional , private funding for cash-strapped community colleges in an effort to bridge the growing degree gap between the United States and other nations . At the first-ever White House Summit on Community Colleges , Obama said the the United States ' decade-long decline from first to ninth in the world in the percentage of young people holding college degrees "  not only represents a huge waste of potential ; in the global marketplace it represents a threat to our position as the world 's leading economy . " The aim of the summit is to explore ways to reach Obama 's goal of an additional 5 million community college degrees by 2020 , and to discuss community colleges ' role in developing the U.S. work force , according to the White House . Jill Biden , wife of Vice President Joe Biden , is host of the summit . She has a doctorate and is a full-time English professor at a community college . One private funding initiative comes from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , which plans to invest $ 34.8 million over the next five years for a program called Completion by Design . The money will come in the form of grants to groups of community colleges that come up with new ways to make the college experience more responsive to the needs of today 's students , according to a statement on the foundation 's website . "  Most students today who are pursuing an education beyond high school are also balancing the demands of work and family , " Melinda Gates said in the statement , "  yet colleges have n't adapted to this new reality . " Also announced was the creation of the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence , a $ 1 million award for community colleges that have outstanding academic and work force outcomes . Attending the summit are some 150 people , including community college leaders , students , philanthropists and businesspeople , as well as state and federal policy leaders . Community colleges across the United States have seen enrollment figures jump by 24 percent over the past few years , as unemployed workers look to retrain at those institutions , which offer lower tuition compared to their four-year counterparts . But the recession has forced some of those colleges to cut back on course offerings and put limits on enrollment . Recent figures from the Department of Education show that only about 30 percent of students who begin a two-year associates degree program actually finish up in three years . The need for more educated workers was highlighted in a recent study by the Center for Education and the Workforce at Georgetown University . The study projects that by the year 2018 , the United States will need around 22 million workers with new post-secondary degrees , associate degrees or better . The actual number of such workers is expected to fall short by about 3 million . The community colleges summit also includes a session on the Skills for America 's Future initiative , the launching of which the president announced Monday at a meeting with his Economic Recovery Advisory Board . The initiative will make available more than $ 2 billion in competitive funds to community colleges over the next four years , the White House said in a statement . Examples of programs in the new initiative include Pacific Gas and Electric 's work with community colleges to develop courses and training for energy jobs , professional literacy courses provided by McDonald 's for managers across the country , and a pilot job training program in seven cities by Gap Inc. , the statement said . A White House statement said the initiative is based on the same concept as the Educate to Innovate campaign , in which corporations develop specific programs to boost the performance of U.S. students in math , science , technology and engineering . Obama said a Skills for America 's Future task force will coordinate federal efforts with corporate partners in the initiative . "  The goal is to ensure there are strong partnerships between growing industries and community college or training programs in every state in the country , " Obama said in remarks at the White House Monday . CNN Senior Producer Sally Holland and CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Decline in U.S. college degrees is "  a huge waste " and a "  threat , " Obama says NEW : Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announce $ 34.8 million , five-year program NEW : Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence " to fund $ 1 million award Summit 's aim is to make sure community colleges match teaching with available jobs
CNN  -- A major clean-up operation is underway along the north coast of New Zealand 's North Island as debris and oil leaking from a cargo ship that ran aground on a reef wash ashore , officials say . The Rena , a Liberian-flagged vessel , struck the Astrolabe Reef , about 12 nautical miles off the city of Tauranga , last week . New Zealand 's oil spill response agency , Maritime New Zealand  MNZ  , estimates that as much as 300 tonnes of fuel oil has leaked from the vessel , which was carrying 1,700 cubic meters  450,000 gallons  of fuel . The country 's environment minister , Nick Smith , has called the spill the country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . As of Wednesday , clean-up teams , comprised of some 500 responders , collected 50 tonnes of solid waste and five tonnes of liquid waste from beaches in the Bay of Plenty , cleaning oil from 17 kilometers of coastline , MNZ said . Pubic access to some waterfront areas has been restricted due to health concerns . MNZ said the coastline between the towns of Whangamata and Whakatane will be assessed today to determine the areas of highest priority for clean-up operations . "  There is a massive effort underway and it is only going to grow , " said National On Scene Commander Nick Quinn . "  We understand the anger and disbelief we 're hearing from people , " he said . "  Our focus is on recovering oil from wherever we find it and we will go in day by day until this is over . " MNZ said that 200 dead birds have been recovered following the oil spill and that this number is expected to increase "  significantly . " The agency said 36 wildlife rescue teams are scouring the coast for wildlife affected by the spill and 47 oiled animals are being treated at center that has been set up in Tauranga . A team has been established to capture seals and five of the animals are being kept in captivity . Greenpeace has expressed "  extreme concern " about the spill and urged the government to avoid using further toxic dispersants . "  This is an unfortunate illustration of just how difficult it is to deal with oil spills at sea , " the organization 's Steve Abel said . "  Even a slow and relatively accessible oil spill like this one has clearly stretched New Zealand 's response capability to its limits , " he said . "  It is also a potential disaster for the blue whales and dolphins presently calving in the area , as well as numerous other marine species . " MNZ said that about 70 containers had fallen off the ship , some of which have washed ashore . Due to the hazard the containers pose to shipping , the agency said navigational warnings had been issued and major maritime traffic has been re-routed . The Rena has suffered substantial structural failure and there is a concern that the stern of the vessel may break up , MNZ said . Salvage teams have three tugs mobilized either to hold the stern on the reef while efforts continue to remove oil from the ship , or to tow the stern to shallow water to extract the oil , the agency said . Containers remaining on the vessel continue to move , making it dangerous for salvage crews to work on board . The ship 's second officer will appear in Tauranga District Court this morning to face a charge of "  operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk , " MNZ said . The Rena 's captain was yesterday remanded on bail on the same charge , on the condition he surrender his passport . His name has not been released . If convicted , they face a maximum fine of $ 7,800 , or up to 12 months imprisonment . CNN 's Karen Smith and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Teams have cleaned oil from 17 kilometers of coastline in Bay of Plenty 200 dead birds have been found ; 47 oiled animals being treated Government : Spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster Rena cargo ship began leaking oil after hitting reef off New Zealand 's North Island
Bend , Oregon  CNN  -- Far from the glamour of Madison Square Garden , aboard a FedEx delivery truck in this small Oregon town , sits the one man who saw Jeremy Lin coming . "  I 've always had a mind for numbers , the statistical side of sports , " Ed Weiland explained . He spends his days as a driver for FedEx , but once he punches out , he goes to work at his true passion : finding the best college basketball players in the country . He publishes his assessments on the sports blog hoopsanalyst.com . In 2010 , he chose Harvard senior Lin as his top point guard prospect , when no one else was paying much attention to the Ivy Leaguer . Weiland never even saw Lin play , basing his assessment solely on stats . Read Weiland 's 2010 prediction He breaks out every possible statistic when analyzing a player . He keeps all the information in an elaborate spreadsheet on an old Toshiba laptop in his modest apartment . Weiland said Lin caught his eye because of his high two-point field goal percentage and his ability to rebound , steal and block . "  If you can do that at a high level in college , it probably means you are a dominant player , " he said . "  How often your team wins depends on putting it in -LSB- the basket -RSB- the most efficiently , and that 's what the two-point percentage is a measure of . " Weiland found it intriguing that no one else seemed to be paying attention to Lin . "  I look for underdogs , but the player has to be good . I wo n't specifically say I 'm going to find myself an underdog , because Jeremy Lins do n't happen every year , " Weiland explained . "  But when they do , you want to be ready to say , ` This is a guy we should look at . ' " Outside of the online world of "  stat heads , " as amateur analysts call themselves , no one paid much attention to Weiland 's 2010 assessment . Lin was n't even picked in the NBA draft . He played briefly for the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets , but he was cut from both teams without making much of an impact before being picked up by the New York Knicks in late 2011 . Opinion : Linsanity vs. Tebowmania As Lin bounced around the league , Weiland monitored his progress . "  I kind of kept an eye on him . That 's what I do with players like that , " he said . Then one morning in early February , he went online to check some NBA scores and he saw a headline that read "  Linsanity . " He knew his prospect was taking off . A victory over Kobe Bryant and the LA Lakers kicked Linsanity into high gear . "  After the Lakers game , the original article I wrote went viral , " he said . Articles in The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times have fueled interest in Weiland . His phone has n't stopped ringing with reporters from across the country . FedEx is giving him time off to handle news requests . "  When I led the 2010 preview off with Jeremy Lin , the idea was that if and when he broke out , there might be some notoriety there , " he said . "  I obviously never expected anything like this for him or for me . " It 's all a bit much for a 51-year-old vegan who tries to live a simple small-town life . "  I 'm having fun with it . I 'm trying to be careful to be the same guy I 've always been , because I did like that guy , and I want to continue to be that guy , " he said . Weiland sees himself as an underdog in the world of sports analysis , just like Lin is an underdog in the NBA . He has never been in contact with Lin but would like to meet him one day . Until then , he has a message for the young basketball star as he makes his way through the "  Linsanity " that surrounds him : "  Just keep playing the way you 've been playing . "	FedEx truck driver Ed Weiland predicted Jeremy Lin 's success two years ago Weiland , an amateur sports statistician , chose Lin as the top point guard prospect in 2010 He never watched Lin play , assessing him only on statistics His prediction was ignored in 2010 ; today , Weiland is getting massive media attention
If you read the headlines out of Chicago this past Easter weekend -- more than 40 shot , including nine killed -- you might be surprised to learn that the city 's homicide rate is still trending downward , according to the police chief . Yes , that 's right : Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy told WGN Radio this week that Chicago 's homicide rate is "  still ahead of where we were last year , which was a record . " The number of homicides in Chicago last year dropped to 415 , compared to 503 in 2012 , an 18 % drop . That lower level has n't been seen since 1965 . "  A week does n't wipe out two years of progress , " McCarthy told WGN Radio 's Steve Cochran in an interview Monday . "  We always knew that we 're going to have good days and we 're going to have bad days , we 've just got to make sure we 're having more good days than bad . " But does a lower murder rate really matter in Chicago , where such rampant gun violence has earned the city the nickname "  Chiraq " ? "  People always say , ' I do n't feel much better , even though shootings might be down by 40 % , ' " McCarthy told CNN . "  Well , the reason for that is kind of simple . If you have 10 shootings in your neighborhood last year , and you have six shootings in your neighborhood this year , do you feel 40 % better ? Absolutely not . " There are some Chicago neighborhoods -- poorer , less educated , predominantly African-American and infested with gangs -- that have murder rates 10 times higher than other Chicago areas . McCarthy says the news coverage of shooting incidents like the ones that took place last weekend does n't paint a complete picture of the police response . "  We are getting out in front of a lot of shootings , " the police chief told CNN . "  It 's hard to see success sometimes when you have a spate of shootings . " Chicago 's gun violence typically heats up as the temperature rises , so the police department has banked some overtime to deploy more officers to the city 's trouble spots . In the meantime , McCarthy is using the unwanted attention around the bloody Easter weekend to push legislators to pass gun control laws that he says will help police turn things around in Chicago . "  It 's just insanity that there 's such a proliferation of firearms that they 're so easy to get your hands on , " McCarthy told WGN Radio on Monday . "  The studies show when there 's more restrictive gun laws , there 's less gun violence . It 's not brain surgery , it 's really really simple . "  It 's going to take us a while to fix poverty and the break-up of the family units and education and jobs . But we can do something about gun laws today and we 're just not doing it . " That may be an uphill climb : In February , a federal judge struck down Chicago 's ban on gun sales , saying it went "  too far in outright banning legal buyers and legal dealers from engaging in lawful acquisitions . " And in 2010 , the Supreme Court declared Chicago 's 28-year-old handgun ban unconstitutional . Making it even more difficult , last year , Illinois became the 50th state to allow its residents to carry concealed weapons after a veto from its governor failed to kill the legislation . McCarthy may get some limited help from the feds at least in keeping repeat criminals off the street : the office of newly appointed U.S. Attorney Zachary Fardon announced Monday the creation of a violent crimes section to focus on how to more effectively use federal statues to prosecute those behind Chicago 's gun violence , the Chicago Tribune reported . Shortly after Rahm Emanuel took over as Chicago 's mayor in early 2011 , he brought in McCarthy , who had previously led the police force in Newark , New Jersey . A year into McCarthy 's term , he was hailed as a hero . Then , the city 's homicide rate skyrocketed at end of 2012 and there were calls for McCarthy 's resignation . As the murder rate started to drop , those calls abated -- but Chicago 's police and city leaders , particularly Rahm Emanuel , still face a lot of criticism for not doing enough . Opinion : It 's not Emanuel 's fault that Chicago is divided McCarthy , a regular on CNN 's original series "  Chicagoland , " has admitted that the city "  has one of the worst , most difficult , most intractable gang violence problems in the country . " And he 's made it clear that his top priority is "  dealing with gangs , guns and the press . " "  The media , they keep talking about the rising toll of gun violence in Chicago while the numbers are going in the other direction , " McCarthy said last year .	More than 40 people were shot over Easter weekend in Chicago Nevertheless , the city 's homicide rate is trending downward , police chief says "  A week does n't wipe out two years of progress , " says Police Supt. Garry McCarthy McCarthy is pushing for stricter gun laws
CNN  -- Two grieving fathers , who each lost a son in the recent killing spree in Santa Barbara , California , met for the first time Sunday . Peter Rodger , the father of killer Elliot Rodger , met with Richard Martinez , whose son Christopher was killed by the younger Rodger in the deadly rampage through the college town of Isla Vista just over a week ago . The meeting was private , and no media or cameras were allowed . "  I have met with Peter Rodger and we plan to work together so other families such as ours will not suffer as ours have , " Martinez told CNN affiliate KEYT . "  This was a private conversation between grieving fathers who 've reached common ground . " An emotional Martinez has been an outspoken critic of the nation 's gun laws in the days since his 20-year-old son , a junior at the University of California at Santa Barbara , was gunned down by Rodger inside a deli on campus the night of the rampage . Police say Rodger killed six people between the ages of 19 and 22 the night of May 23 after years of rejection and jealousy . He was later found dead in his car from a gunshot wound to the head . His family had tried to get help for him in the weeks leading up to the massacre , even calling police to conduct a welfare check , but all attempts at helping the troubled 22-year-old college student failed . Richard Martinez has been so grief-stricken by his son 's death that he reached out to the father of his son 's killer . Peter Rodger agreed to a private meeting Sunday . No other details of the meeting were available . ` Hell on Earth , ' California killer 's family says CNN 's Paul Caron and Anderson Cooper contributed this report .	Richard Martinez , whose son , Christopher was fatally shot , contacted Peter Rodger Elliot Rodger , 22 , killed six people and himself on a rampage in Isla Vista , California Martinez has criticized politicians and the NRA for lax gun laws
CNN  -- Sarah Murnaghan , a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl with cystic fibrosis whose family fought to have young children prioritized for adult organs , received new lungs Wednesday , her family told CNN . Her surgery took about six hours , and there were no complications resizing or transplanting the adult lungs , according to family spokeswoman Tracy Simon . A statement said the family was elated and that the doctors say Sarah 's prognosis is good . "  We expect it will be a long road , but we 're not going for easy , we 're going for possible . And an organ donor has made this possible for her , " the family said , calling the family of the deceased person who donated the lungs "  true heroes . " Sarah "  did extremely well " and was in intensive care after the procedure , Simon said . The parents ' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight . Earlier this week , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network 's executive committee approved a one-year change that makes children younger than 12 eligible for priority on adult lung transplant lists . Sarah received lungs donated by an adult , according to Simon , meaning the lungs needed to be modified . An OPTN news release said Monday that since 2007 only one patient younger than 12 had received adult lungs . Sarah has been in and out of hospitals her entire life , but her condition worsened this year . Her lungs had been deteriorating rapidly over the past few months -- much faster than anyone in her family expected . In May , doctors told her mother , Janet Murnaghan , that Sarah had less than five weeks to live . With just weeks left , Sarah fights the system for life-saving pair of lungs "  We knew at some point , she would need new lungs , " her father , Fran Murnaghan , said in May . "  We had hoped it would be much further down the road , but the disease has progressed . " At that time , Sarah had been on the waiting list for new lungs for 18 months . The Murnaghans were under the impression that the transplant would happen any day , since she was the first candidate on the priority list for children in her region . But children 's organs rarely become available . In 2012 , there were just 10 transplants in Sarah 's age group , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing . Comparatively , there were more than 1,700 adult transplants in the same year . Only people 12 years and older qualified for the adult lungs . Doctors previously have said they believe modified adult lungs could save Sarah 's life . Last week , the Murnaghans contacted a lawyer , who petitioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules that keep children under 12 from being prioritized for donated lungs . Sebelius had previously told the family that she did n't have the authority to intervene in a particular case , but she did also call for a policy review . Any change in the policy , though , could take up to two years -- time the Murnaghans did n't have . So in the letter last week they argued the rule was making it all but impossible for Sarah to receive a lung ; every adult on the list would have to turn down the lung to let the little girl have it . "  The Under 12 Rule is unfair , arbitrary and capricious , inconsistent with the statute and regulations , and stands in the way of Sarah potentially receiving a set of lungs that she needs to live , " wrote Stephen G. Harvey , the family 's lawyer . Dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants "  We have never , ever asked that Sarah get special attention or be placed in front of anyone more severe than her , " her father said at the time . "  So if there ... is another adult who is more severe , who has a higher lung allocation score , they will still get their lungs first . " Several factors determine someone 's place in line on the adult list : distance from donor to potential recipient , a lung allocation score determined by a patient 's diagnosis and test results , and a patient 's blood type . Sarah 's parents said her score was a 78 . It went up to a 91 this week , according to a family spokeswoman . Anything above 60 is considered a high score , according to the OPTN 's ranking system , and means a transplant need is particularly urgent . Several lawmakers also got involved urging Sebelius to act . Rep. Patrick Meehan and Sen. Pat Toomey , two Pennsylvania Republicans , co-signed a letter sent to HHS . It read : "  You have the ability and authority to intervene to allow for Sarah and other children under the age of 12 to become eligible for adult organs . " On June 5 , the Murnaghan family asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block Sebelius from having the agency that oversees transplants apply the policy . The judge granted the injunction and ordered Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive the rule in Sarah 's case . A letter from Sebelius was sent to the OPTN the following day directing them to comply with the judge 's order . OPTN created a second candidate record for Murnaghan that fudged her birth date so the system would treat her as a 12-year-old allowing her to wait on the adult transplant list . Her original record as a 10-year-old also was kept , allowing her to remain first in line for a pediatric lung donation , as well . On the same day he granted the injunction in Sarah 's case , Judge Michael Baylson also granted a similar injunction in the case of 11-year-old Javier Acosta , making him eligible for adult lung . Mother who lost one son fights for the other to get new lungs On Monday , the OPTN took further action , with the group 's executive committee approving the change for children under 12 . CNN 's Jen Christensen , Sarah Hoye and Zain Asher contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarah Murnaghan 's family says there were no issues during her lung transplant NEW : Surgery took six hours , Sarah did ` extremely well , " family spokesman says Her family fought to change the policy for children 's lung transplants Organization overseeing transplants ruled Monday to make children under 12 eligible for priority on adult lists
CNN  -- This week , CNN is exploring American exceptionalism -- the concept that the United States is exceptional when compared to other nations and is uniquely destined to bring democracy to the world . That notion of American exceptionalism was promoted by the nation 's founders and earliest leaders . It 's especially evident in the places where the Puritans first landed and built their first settlements , where explorers traveled westward to fulfill the country 's manifest destiny , and to purchase or take land by force . "  The American sites that evoke a sense of American exceptionalism are many ; they include places that mark the history of our struggles to secure and protect liberty , and places that evoke the promise and opportunity that generations have found in America , " says Thomas S. Kidd , a Baylor University history professor , a senior fellow at Baylor 's Institute for Studies of Religion and author of "  Patrick Henry : First Among Patriots , " "  God of Liberty : A Religious History of the American Revolution " and other early American history books . We asked several American historians where they enjoy exploring the history of the United States . Here are some of their favorite spots : Washington , D.C. There 's nothing wrong with enjoying some of the United States ' more well-known monuments to its history . A trip to Washington could include a visit to the Washington Monument , the Jefferson Memorial , the Lincoln Memorial and the National Archives . The National Archives Building Rotunda displays the Declaration of Independence , the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights .  If this history lesson bores the children , promise them a visit to the International Spy Museum later . Historic Jamestowne , Virginia . The site of the first permanent English settlement in America , the 1607 Jamestown colony is still revealing new information about the site . "  Just last year Jamestown announced the discovery of the remains of the first Protestant church built in America , the church where the Native American princess Pocahontas was baptized and married to John Rolfe in 1614 , " Kidd says . "  When I visited the site a few years ago , I found it quite moving to stand on the banks of the James River and think of the tiny band of English settlers arriving there , not having any idea the epic history of America that was to follow . " The Pilgrim Monument , Provincetown , Massachusetts . If you want to see where the Mayflower Pilgrims first made a home in the New World and the Plymouth Rock that symbolizes their journey , join the hundreds of thousands of tourists who visit Plymouth Memorial State Park each year . If you want to see where the Mayflower Pilgrims first landed in November 1620 and spent a few weeks before heading to Plymouth , head to Provincetown , on the tip of Cape Cod . The Pilgrim Monument completed in 1910 commemorates the landing , their five-week stay and the creation and signing of the Mayflower Compact . Red Hill , Virginia . Founding father Patrick Henry retired to Red Hill after a lifetime of public service , including five terms as Virginia governor and 25 years in the Virginia state legislature . Henry resumed his private legal practice and died at Red Hill in 1799 . He was buried there . "  In the quiet rolling hills of Brookneal , Virginia , that surround Red Hill , you can appreciate the attraction the land held for -LSB- Patrick Henry and many of the Founding Fathers -RSB- , " Kidd says . "  You can also better appreciate the quiet , grinding tragedy of American slavery in this environment ; slaves toiled on the Red Hill plantation , enabling Henry and the other founders ' American dreams . " Lewis and Clark historic sites . There are so many places to explore where Meriwether Lewis and William Clark first searched for a water route to the Pacific Ocean starting in 1804 . Colorado College professor Anne Hyde found some of their history at the Missouri History Museum while sorting through correspondence between William Clark and fur traders for her last book . "  These were Lewis and Clark 's ` before the trip letters ' , " says Hyde , who won the Bancroft Prize this year for her book "  Empires , Nations , and Families . " "  I literally could n't believe I was touching William Clark 's handwriting . Following his career after his famous trip , I listen to him get very upset about what was happening to the Indian people after the War of 1812 . "  Clark served as Indian superintendent for everyone west of the Mississippi for many years , she says . The National Park Service 's Lewis & Clark National Historic Trail crosses 11 states , while the Lewis & Clark National Historical Park also incorporates state parks in Washington and Oregon . About five miles south of Astoria , Oregon , Fort Clatsop marks the 1805-06 winter encampment of the expedition . Homestead National Monument , Nebraska . In the middle of the Civil War , Congress passed and President Abraham Lincoln signed into law the Homestead Act of 1862 , which granted 160 acres of free land to citizens and people applying to become citizens who fulfilled certain requirements .  The rules had the effect of disqualifying citizens of the Southern states , which had left the Union to join the Confederacy , until legislation was passed in 1866 allowing them to apply .  It 's the 150th anniversary of the act , which is commemorated by the Homestead National Monument of America in southeast Nebraska . This list by no means covers all of the possible sites embodying American exceptionalism . Where are some of your favorite sites in American history and why do you enjoy them ?	Historic Jamestown is still revealing truths about the first Pilgrim settlement Patrick Henry 's Red Hill home inspired the Founding Father Citizens of the Confederacy could not qualify for free land under the first Homestead Act
Wall Street is more than 10,000 miles away from Melbourne , but 24-year-old Australian Alex Gard felt a kinship to the outrage expressed on the streets of Manhattan . "  It 's great that people are finally standing up against the privileged few people who want to rule together , " Gard said . "  I wanted to stand together and say , ` Enough is enough ' . " Gard is one of the organizers of "  Occupy Melbourne , " a group that started on Facebook that now has more than 2,000 members with plans to protest on October 15 in City Square . Similar calls have sprung up around Australia : "  Occupy Brisbane , " "  Occupy Perth , " and "  Occupy Sydney . " "  We are inspired by what 's happening on Wall Street and loosely liaising with each other , but it 's not organized in any central way , " said Gard , who works as a mechanic on cargo ships . Gard and the planned Australian spin-offs of "  Occupy Wall Street " are not alone . There are Facebook calls for a global demonstration on October 15 in cities in more than 25 countries stretching from Hong Kong to Buenos Aires , Dublin to Madrid . Some protest pages show only a few dozen will attend ; others have thousands . Protest pages in Spain and Italy -- two countries hard hit by the financial crisis and subsequent European Union debt woes -- have the largest Facebook attendees so far , with 42,410 and 20,568 , respectively . "  Occupy Wall Street " began on September 17 and is now spreading to cities across the U.S. . The demonstrations , inspired by the Arab Spring protest movement , are against economic inequality and power vested in the top 1 % income earners . Its rallying cry , "  We are the 99 percent , " is now being picked up by groups around the globe . "  Occupy the London Stock Exchange " -- referring to Europe 's largest bourse and the world 's fourth largest exchange outside of New York and Tokyo -- has more than 6,000 followers . "  It 's time that we too say , enough is enough . Bankers have got off scot-free whilst the people of this country are being punished for a crisis they did not create , " said the group 's Facebook invite page . The event , which so far has 2,300 signed up as attending , plans to occupy Paternoster Square from 4 p.m. October 15 to December 12 . "  What we have in common is that we are the other 99 % , that we want people over profit , that we are making our voices heard against greed and corruption and for a democratic and just society , " London organizer James Alexander Fancourt told the Telegraph newspaper . "  And we are doing that in a non-violent and peaceful way . " In Melbourne , "  some demonstrators are planning to camp for days , maybe weeks , " Gard said . While the Australian economy -- driven by strong commodity sales of iron ore and coal -- escaped the brunt of the 2008 financial crisis , Gard said many Australians do n't feel they 're sharing in the wealth . "  Look , Australia 's not the worst place in the world , but we 're seeing banks recording record profits , rental has been crazy , housing prices are going up and up , " Gar said . "  Indigenous people are being moved off their own land for the sake of mining companies ... everything is building up to a boiling point . "	Facebook calls for a global "  Occupy " protest on October 15 similar to the Wall Street protests Demonstrations in more than 25 countries from Ireland to Italy , Hong Kong to Chile "  Occupy the London Stock Exchange " plans nearly two months of demonstrations Melbourne organizer : "  We are inspired by what 's happening on Wall Street "
Wired  -- We 're all familiar with Apple 's love affair for thin devices . Although the third-generation iPad surprised many by gaining about half a millimeter of thickness , it looks like Apple could be back to trimming product dimensions by using a new kind of display technology in the next iPhone . Instead of using a display comprising a number of separate layers , Apple could use in-cell touch display technology , according to a Friday report from Digitimes . The report says Apple would be sourcing its in-cell displays from Toshiba and Sharp . "  The advantage of in-cell is that you 're streamlining the manufacturing process , so in time you should be able to drive efficiencies and reduce cost , " IHS analyst Rhoda Alexander told Wired . "  Additionally , by reducing the number of layers , you reduce the size and thickness of the device , making it thinner and lighter . " If the iPhone has a larger 4 - to 4.3-inch display , as some reports expect it to , that extra glass could add a bit of heft to the iPhone 's weight . Thus , Apple would need to find new ways to keep the phone from gaining too much weight . Currently , the iPhone 's "  on cell " display is layered a bit like a sandwich  or if you 're feeling like dessert , think of a trifle  . At the very bottom , you 've got the back light . Directly above that , the LCD section , which houses the red - , green - , and blue-colored pixels of the display . Then there 's a layer of glass . On top of that is the capacitive touch layer , which is then topped off by a tough layer of Gorilla Glass . The middle layer of glass separates the liquid crystal portion of the display from the touch portion . In-cell display tech eliminates that middle layer of glass , combining the LCD and touch sections of the display into a single layer . One way this can be successfully accomplished is by "  multiplexing " the electrodes normally used to relay touch input -- that is , using the same electrodes to handle the signals for both touch control and the pixels of the LCD , according to a 2010 IHS report on touch-screen displays . In-cell technology is n't currently deployed in any shipping cellphones . And it should n't be confused with the similar-sounding "  Super " technologies from Samsung . Super AMOLED and Super LCD screens use on-cell technology rather than in-cell . Right now , in-cell touch displays are still an emerging technology . So while the core technology promises long-term benefits , yield rates could be a problem in the shorter terms , Alexander says . But that 's the deal with any new technological process , is n't it ? In the months before the new iPad was announced , yield rates for Apple 's Retina display were a huge question mark . So is in-cell really something Apple would pull the trigger on ? "  We do believe that the next iPhone display will implement in-cell touch , " DisplaySearch 's Paul Semenza told Wired via e-mail . But of course , we 'll have to wait and see how it pans out when the next iPhone actually debuts Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	New "  in-cell " tech combines LCD and touch sections of phones ' display into a single layer A report says Apple might be sourcing its in-cell displays from Toshiba and Sharp In-cell technology is n't currently deployed in any cellphones but could make them thinner
Time.com  -- Years ago when I was a broke college student subsisting on ramen noodles and off-brand cereal , I used to fantasize that someday , when I had a good job , I would be able to afford to eat incredibly healthily . I planned to buy fresh vegetables every week , belong to a fabulous gym , employ a personal trainer and get regular massages . But today I still get sticker shock when I go to the grocery store . That 's why I was so skeptical when a USDA study released a few months ago asserted that healthy foods are actually cheaper than the heavily processed stuff . These findings are based on the fact that the old method prioritized price per calorie , giving low-cost junk food an edge over fresh veggies . But , the report said , "  When measured on the basis of edible weight or average portion size , grains , vegetables , fruit , and dairy foods are less expensive than most protein foods and foods high in saturated fat , added sugars , and/or sodium . " Translation : now there 's really no excuse not to eat healthier . Time.com : Why families who eat together are healthier However , it 's one thing to understand that grains and legumes are a cheaper source of protein than free-range chicken ; it 's quite another to try to get my meat-loving husband to have rice and beans for dinner every night . Similarly , gym memberships and personal trainers can be a big monthly expense , but they might be worth it if the only thing you 'd do at home with your treadmill or dumbbells is occasionally wipe the dust off of them . Getting into shape -- and staying that way -- can save you some serious cash in the long run . Lifestyle changes can help stave off diabetes as well as joint replacement and other big medical expenses . So , with those motivators in mind , here are few tips to help minimize the cash you spend on the road to being active and healthy : Prioritize your monthly budget . Sitting down and writing a budget that accounts for fixed and discretionary expenses is an important step for anyone who wants to be in control of their finances . Yet it can be difficult to decide what discretionary expenses are appropriate -- especially if there is n't much left over after paying the bills . It should be a conscious process : you need to figure out what is most important to you and then make some tradeoffs . For example , my friend Tracy hired a personal trainer , which strained her budget . She dropped the service , but became unmotivated to exercise on her own . I suggested she continue to work with the trainer while cutting down on eating out and also wait to go shopping until after she dropped to her desired pant size â $ " both of which helped motivate her towards her weight-loss goal . If you ca n't have it all at once , invest in what makes you feel best . Time.com : Tips for a fitter summer Plan ahead and eat in . My mother worked outside the home when I was growing up and always planned a week 's worth of meals so we could do all the grocery shopping at once . We also do this in my household now , and this kind of planning not only saves me time , but also cuts down on us throwing out unused food . Thinking ahead makes it easier to budget in pricier selections , like fresh fish or more expensive cuts of meat , and also makes it less tempting to eat out , which can come with a high price tag â $ " and calorie count . Comparison shop . If you like working out at a gym but want to save money , shop around . If the gym memberships in your area are too pricey , explore options at your workplace , local schools or community centers , which often offer free or low-cost activities . Browse the Internet to see if there are group sports activities , like hiking , biking or running that you may join for free or a nominal cost . And if you think you 'd use them , consider at-home strength training or yoga DVDs . Time.com : NYC 's trans fat ban worked : fast-food diners are eating healthier So remember : if you find yourself struggling to slim down and stay motivated from beach season to beach season , it does n't have to be expensive to make healthy choices , as long as you 're willing to put in a little time and effort . By prioritizing , planning ahead and making smart choices , you can maintain your physical and financial well-being . De Baca is vice president of wealth strategies at Ameriprise Financial . This article originally appeared on Time.com : Is being healthy taking a bite out of your budget ?	A USDA study shows healthy foods are cheaper based on portion size Getting in shape can save cash in the long run Planning meals for the week can save money and calories Price comparison can be helpful in choosing a gym or exercise equipment
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a first for Manchester United , the English professional football club today announced major sponsorship deals with not one , but two , popular Chinese companies -- each in a three-year deal . While the value of those agreements have not been revealed , Chinese beverage giant Wahaha will become Manchester United 's first official soft drinks partner in the country . China Construction Bank , the country 's second largest bank by market value , will be the club 's first deal with a Chinese financial institution . Wahaha , based in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou , says it has been China 's biggest beverage maker over the past 11 years . Its bottled water , energy drinks and yogurt are ubiquitous from the urban markets of Beijing and Shanghai to rural stalls in the snowy mountains of the Tibetan plateau . "  Wahaha is one of the most iconic brands in China ... what better way to endorse this modern-day success story than to partner with the number one club in the world 's biggest sport , " said Richard Arnold , Manchester United 's commercial director , in a news release . Arnold added that the football club has had a long association with China dating back to 1975 with the club 's first friendly match in the country . Under the second deal , China Construction Bank gains exclusive rights to market the official Manchester United-branded credit card in China . CCB says it will start advertising the product to its nearly 102 million personal banking customers . "  In 80 major cities in China , CCB have almost 60 % of all branches , making them the ideal partner to connect with our fans , " said United 's Arnold . "  Financial services products give us tangible ways of providing real benefits to our fans that enable them to establish a closer relationship with their favorite team . " United 's Chinese sponsorship deals are just the latest in a series of at least a dozen agreements with global brand names in 2012 as the club has tried to pay down debts from a 2005 takeover . Most notably , last year the club signed a $ 559 million sponsorship with Chevrolet for a seven-year shirt agreement . In November , the club said its current debt stood at more than $ 640 million . After Manchester United 's two Chinese sponsorship deals were announced , its share price on the New York Stock Exchange rallied 5.23 % , peaking in intraday trade to a record high .	Man Utd announces major sponsorship deals with two popular Chinese companies Wahaha beverage maker to be Man Utd 's first official drinks partner in China China Construction Bank to be club 's first team-up with Chinese financial firm Value of sponsorship deals not revealed
A memorial cross at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum in New York can remain at the newly-opened facility , an appeals court ruled Monday . A three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit found that the cross , located at ground zero , was "  a symbol of hope " and historical in nature . It did not intentionally discriminate against a group of atheists who sued to have it removed , they ruled . Cross moved to Trade Center site The court also rejected arguments the traditional Christian cross was an impermissible mingling of church and state . "  With this recognition , a reasonable observer would view the primary effect of displaying the cross at ground zero , amid hundreds of other  mostly secular  artifacts , to be ensuring historical completeness , not promoting religion , " the judges said in their decision . The 17-foot cross in the museum was erected by rescue and recovery workers , and built from intersecting steel beams that had been part of the World Trade Center 's North Tower , after it collapsed during the al Qaeda terror attacks in 2001 . 9/11 Museum It was moved a year ago from near a church to its new location in lower Manhattan . "  This is an enormously important and common-sense ruling , " said Eric Baxter , counsel for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty , which filed a brief supporting the museum 's right to display the cross , noting that the court drew an "  important distinction " between religion and history and culture . The case was first dismissed by a federal district judge . Bearing witness to tragedy	First responders fashioned the cross from World Trade Center rubble Atheists sued to have the cross kept out of the 9/11 museum in New York Appeals panel found the cross to be historical and non-discriminatory
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Whether it 's as activists or politicians , artists or business leaders , women in the Middle East are stepping into the spotlight as never before . Some stereotypes still need to be challenged ; domestic violence , illiteracy and conservative views continue to fuel a gender gap in many part of the region . However , women are now proving their worth in most walks of life . ` Saudi Women Revolution ' makes a stand for equal rights This month , Inside the Middle East focuses on a few women leading the charge : Iraqi political activists , Saudi artists , Turkish footballers and the renowned Egyptian author and feminist , Dr. Nawal Sadawi . We meet two Baghdadi women -- one a human rights activist and the other a blogger -- facing the challenges of trying to rebuild their shattered country and making sure the key decisions are not left solely to the men . Revolution signals new dawn for Egypt 's women Meanwhile in Istanbul , the base for this month 's show , Turkey 's first female film director Cahide Sonku -- adorns the wall of the Istanbul Modern Art Museum , which is celebrating Turkey 's women artists . The exhibition "  Dream and Reality " highlights the changing position of women in Turkish society through paintings and videos by women artists over 150 years . But we know we have missed many inspirational women and would like your help . Who do you think are the Middle East 's most influential women ? The woman who wants to be Egypt 's first female president Are you inspired by Saudi 's women drivers campaigning for equal rights ? Or by the Lebanese fashion designer Reem Accra ? By the women who slept out in Tahrir Square for nights on end during Egypt 's revolution ? By Turkey 's former prime minister Tansu Ciller ? Comment below to help us find the female stars of the Middle East .	Tell us which women from the Middle East inspire you most Do you admire women artists , activists , politicians or business leaders ? Arab Spring has given some women a chance to shine more than ever
Editor 's Note : Alberto Gonzales is the former Attorney General of the United States . His commentary is part of CNN 's Uncovering America series , focusing on the Hispanic experience today . Former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales says his worst day at work was probably better than his dad 's best . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Over the next few weeks , America recognizes what many in this country know from personal experience . The most admired values of the Hispanic community are the same values that sustain our nation 's greatness : sacrifice , hard work , personal initiative , dedication to family , and perseverance in the face of adversity . I saw these values every day in the life of my father , Pablo . My father was not an educated man . But he worked every day to help his eight children find the American dream . As a young man , he picked crops in the fields of South Texas , where he met another migrant worker -- a young woman named Maria , who would become my mother . He and two of my uncles built the house in Houston that I grew up in -- my mother lives there still today . I can remember when I was a small boy playing in the field as they laid the cinder blocks for the house 's foundation . They nailed together the two-by-fours , hung the drywall , and hammered the composition shingles onto the roof . From their sweat , toil and vision arose the small two-bedroom house that became our home . That home is my past , but it also represents our heritage , as Americans who always dream and work for a better tomorrow . As a young boy I would ask my mother to wake me before dawn so I could eat scrambled eggs and tortillas with my father before he left for work . As dad and I ate breakfast together , my mother would prepare a modest lunch of beans and tortillas and carefully place them in a brown paper sack . I can picture my dad walking down the street to catch a ride to the construction site and me running outside and waving goodbye . The memories of this daily ritual burn strong in my chest as I recall this simple time , that simple food , and those deep , enduring American values of family , hard work , and sacrifice . Those are the principles that my parents instilled in me . And those principles are the best heritage of our community . They are the values our nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month . I 'm telling you this story not because there 's something so remarkable about my life , but because of how frankly unremarkable it has been in many ways . And that 's what is so wonderful about this great country . The story of America is a story of constant renewal and reaffirmation of our founding ideals and our enduring values of faith , family , and freedom . I have drawn on the strength of my heritage and the insights of my background to try to make America a better place for everyone . Over the past 2 1/2 years as attorney general , I have seen crimes involving dishonesty , corruption and depravity of types I never thought possible . I 've seen things I did n't know man was capable of . But I will tell you here and now that I am still hopeful . Because every time I see a glimmer of what the evil man can do , I see the defenders of liberty , truth , and justice who stand ready to fight it . I see the courage of our soldiers , sailors , Marines , and airmen and I am hopeful , and so very proud . My time in public service has had its share of difficulties , but even more moments of inspiration . My trips to Iraq have been among them . Being part of a department that plays a vital role in stopping terrorists has been a humbling experience . I have often said that my worst day in office was better than my father 's best day . My work has not been easy , but it has been unbelievably rewarding . Because I knew that every day when I got up , I was being given a new opportunity to work for the American people . When I first went into public service , I told my wife , Rebecca , it would only be for a couple of years . It 's been longer than that , but I have truly enjoyed myself . And I left public service proud to know that other Hispanics will carry on the mantle of service . My hopes , and those of many others with stories similar to mine , are reflected in those words of the founders of this nation more than two centuries ago : "  We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . " Those words are a simple , clear expression of the American dream . I believe in that dream with all my heart . I have lived it in a way I never would have thought possible . I am the son of a Mexican cotton picker and a construction worker who never finished grade school , and I served as the Attorney General of the United States . If anyone ever tries to tell you the American dream does n't exist , or that you ca n't achieve it , I hope you 'll prove them wrong . E-mail to a friend	Hispanic community 's values same as those that made U.S. great Gonzales rose to power from humble roots ; father was Mexican cotton picker He says public service has n't been easy but has been rewarding
CNN  -- Three Kenyan police officers have been suspended , authorities said Friday , after photos allegedly showed them shooting three unarmed men on a busy street in central Nairobi . Kenya 's largest newspaper , the Daily Nation , published the photos Thursday . It said they were taken by a motorist at the scene of the shooting in the capital . The first photo shows a man described by the paper as an undercover officer pointing a gun at two men lying face down on the highway . Another one shows the two men riddled with bullets lying in the middle of the road . A third shooting apparently took place , the paper said . A police spokesman confirmed that three men were killed , and three officers have been suspended pending an investigation . "  They  officers  are very much innocent until declared guilty , let 's not forget that , " Eric Kiraithe said by phone from Nairobi . "  We are conducting an investigation and will have the results soon . " Kiraithe said the victims have criminal records , and one injured a police officer in a shooting last week . "  That said , they have their rights as human beings , of course , so it does not justify their deaths , " he said . The killings sparked condemnation nationwide , with human rights groups renewing calls for reform in the Kenyan police . The trio was compliant and had already surrendered , Amnesty International said in a news release . A 2009 U.N. report accused Kenyan police of misusing its power , and called for the removal of the nation 's police commissioner at the time . "  Killings by the police in Kenya are systematic , widespread and carefully planned . They are committed at will and with utter impunity , " U.N. Special Rapporteur Philip Alston said in a statement . The Kenyan government said it rejected the findings .	Three police officers are suspended in the killings The pictures ran in Kenya 's main newspaper A 2009 U.N. report accused Kenyan police of misusing its power
CNN  -- Back in 2005 , the future did n't look too bright for Rosebill Satha-Sambo . Just over 20 years old , the young Malawian fell onto hard times after losing her job . Penniless and out of work , she 'd found herself having to raise two baby daughters with no income coming in . To survive , Satha-Sambo resorted to a skill she 'd learned from her mother while growing up : weaving bamboo baskets . Working from her home in the Malawian capital of Lilongwe , she began producing elaborate hampers for friends who were about to get married . Orders soon started piling in and , as business picked up , her creations quickly became the talk of the town -- including in high circles . "  My baskets caught the eye of the late president Bingu Wa Mutharika 's daughter , Duwa , who was getting married , " recalls Satha-Sambo . "  She ordered 1,000 wedding favor baskets that she needed in three weeks -- there was no way I could have done it myself , so I got some youth and women who I knew could weave and together -LSB- we -RSB- fulfilled the order . " That was in 2009 and by 2011 Satha-Sambo had set up JARDS Products , a thriving social enterprise focused on producing a wide range of eco-friendly bamboo furniture and baskets -- from beautiful rocking chairs and mirror frames to hand-made dressing tables and storage units . "  JARDS is an acronym for my family , " says Satha-Sambo . " -LSB- Daughters -RSB- Joanna , Amanda , Rosebill , Dalitsa , who 's my husband , and Sambo , which is our surname , " she adds . "  JARDS is all about family , community and friends , that 's who we are . " Tackling youth unemployment Malawi is a beautiful landlocked country in southeastern Africa . It is known as the "  warm heart " of the continent for its spectacular scenery and friendly people . Yet , it is also one of Africa 's poorest nations with chronically high unemployment rates , especially amongst young people . "  For the past 20 years , those who used to live in the rural areas left for the ` greener pastures ' of the life in the city , " says Satha-Sambo . "  But they end up becoming domestic workers or guards and their children look after each other and sometimes ca n't stay in school and the vicious life cycle continues . " Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step Influenced by her mother , who 'd spent years going to rural areas to teach groups of disadvantaged women how to weave bamboo baskets and furniture , Satha-Sambo also started training young people in her community to help them better their lives . "  I know how it feels to be unemployed , with a family relying on you to provide for basic necessities , " says the 30-year-old entrepreneur . "  Instead of them doing nothing at home , let them learn a skill that can basically end up being their income generator , " she says . "  It is important because unemployment in my country is so high ; we need to break the cycle of poverty that causes gender-based violence , child marriages and prostitution . " Remarkable turnaround To achieve this , Satha-Sambo works with uneducated women and young people who ca n't get into university . "  We 've got people who come in who want to train how to make earrings , " she says . "  We 've got people who come in who want to know how to carve wooden products . " And when she 's not training young people , nor running JARDS , nor mentoring budding entrepreneurs -- not to mention raising her family -- Satha-Sambo manages to find time to attend the Malawi Institute of Management . "  I have a good job and what is considered a thriving business but this is something I want to achieve for myself , " says Satha-Sambo , who is currently finishing her business degree and plans to start a Master 's straight after . "  I also want to show my daughters , nieces and girls in my community the importance of education -- it opens up your mind and gets you thinking in a different way . " It 's been a remarkable turnaround for Satha-Sambo , whose business acumen and social focus has recently won her two international grants , as well as four Malawian and foreign awards . With a growing business and big plans for the years ahead , the future now looks much brighter for this determined entrepreneur with a social conscience . "  I actually want to set up a skills-development center because I think entrepreneurship is the way for Africa to go , " she says . "  These skills just need to be passed ... because the jobs need to be created -- and how do you create a job if you do n't actually have the papers , and you do n't have a skill ? So that 's where we 're headed . " Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step Read this : How to turn trash into cash Sandra Muhwezi contributed to this report .	Rosebill Satha-Sambo is the founder and manager of JARDS Products The Malawian company specializes in producing eco-friendly bamboo products It is also providing job skill development to uneducated women and youth
The PlayStation gaming console wrapped up its second decade on Wednesday , and Sony celebrated by looking to the past . The Japanese tech giant announced that a limited edition 20th Anniversary PlayStation 4 will be released soon . The console will be gray , like the first PlayStation released December 3 , 1994 in Japan . It will include other imagery like the iconic four-color PlayStation logo that harks back to the system 's history . "  The mid - '90s were an exciting time for game developers , driven by the explosion of powerful but affordable 3-D graphics rendering hardware and the birth of many young and adventurous development studios , " Shuhei Yoshida , president of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios , wrote in the post on the PlayStation blog . "  The original PlayStation was meant to embody that sense of adventure and discovery , that sense that anything was possible . " The PlayStation sold a then unheard-of 100,000 units in its first weekend and hit 1 million units in six months , according to Sony . Only 12,300 units of the 20th Anniversary PS4 will be released , according to a video on the blog post . Pre-orders will begin Saturday , and details about how to vie for one of the handful of slots will come during a keynote presentation from PlayStation Experience , a fan and developer expo being held in Las Vegas . The keynote will be Saturday at 1 p.m. ET . To celebrate the 20th anniversary , we assembled a gallery of images of the PlayStation , and the people who love it , from the past two decades . Take a look , and let us know what you think in the comments below .	The Sony PlayStation was launched in Japan on December 3 , 1994 . Sony is releasing a limited-edition 20th Anniversary PlayStation 4 . Only 12,300 of the units will be sold .
You 'll have to pardon the people of Hawaii if they are freaking out over an approaching hurricane . It 's the kind of thing that rarely happens around there . And there are two headed that way . There 's Hurricane Iselle , which looks like it will smack into the Big Island on Thursday night , and the less threatening Hurricane Julio , due a few days later . The Central Pacific Hurricane Center in Honolulu issued a hurricane warning for Hawaii County on Wednesday afternoon . "  Tropical storm conditions are expected on the Big Island of Hawaii Thursday , with hurricane conditions expected Thursday night , " the center advised . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 90 mph on Wednesday night but Iselle was expected to weaken as it nears Hawaii . Tropical storm warnings are in effect for the islands of Lanai , Maui , Molokai and Oahu . Hawaii is a rare target for any tropical cyclone , let alone two . In Hilo , people were standing on beaches , anxiously looking out at the water . "  The surfers get excited about these storms , but everyone else is freaking out , " said Chris Owens , owner of East Side Builders and a longtime resident . "  A lot of the locals here believe that the tall mountains on the Big Island shield them from hurricanes , but in 24 hours this theory could be proven wrong . " Customers formed lines from the front to the back of a Cost-U-Less store on Tuesday , clearing shelves of bottled water and stocking up on other supplies . "  A lot of rice , water , toilet paper , " store worker Mike Kelley told CNN affiliate KGMB . Bottled water also was sold out at a Honolulu-area Costco . "  So we 're going to bottle up water at home now and just pray for the best , " would-be customer Lisa Viela told CNN affiliate KHON on Tuesday . Jackie Collins joined a steady stream of drivers trying to fill up vehicle gas tanks at the same Costco . "  We came last night , but it was too crowded , so I thought , ` Well , today I 'd better go , ' " she told KHON . Not everyone was worried . Scott Murray , who owns the Hilo Surfboard Co. and has lived on the Big Island for more than 60 years , said many residents were more optimistic for good surf than concerned about damage and flooding . "  I 'm not really worried about his storm , " Murray said . The schools on the Big Island and Maui will be closed Thursday as residents await Iselle 's arrival . Hawaii 's primary elections will go on as scheduled Saturday , despite the storms , KGMB reported . Local media reported that many turned up for early voting in expectation of severe weather on election day . Others are concerned that voter turnout could be affected . Julio , also churning westward in the Pacific , could potentially brush the islands on Sunday as a tropical storm , forecasters said . Iselle is expected to bring heavy rain and high surf , which could lead to coastal flooding on islands already saturated by recent rains , the National Weather Service said . Julio is expected to move north of Hawaii on Sunday , but outer bands of rain and strong winds still could affect the islands . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed an emergency proclamation , his office said . It gives the government access to the state 's disaster funds . Some airlines are making concessions to customers ahead of the storms . For people who had been scheduled to travel to or from Hawaiian airports on Thursday and Friday , United Airlines and Hawaiian Airlines say they wo n't charge fees to change reservations , and they 'll waive differences in fares for those changes . Island Air will do the same for passengers ticketed from Thursday though Tuesday . Delta said it would waive fees for reservation changes for Thursday and Friday , but fare increases could apply . Hawaii does n't often have to prepare for cyclones . A 2002 report by the U.S. Geological Survey said that "  actual hurricane strikes on the Hawaiian Islands are relatively rare in the modern record . " "  More commonly , near-misses that generate large swell and moderately high winds causing varying degrees of damage are the hallmark of hurricanes passing close to the islands , " according to the report .	Big Island under hurricane warning , Hurricane Iselle expected Thursday night Hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in Hawaii Julio has potential to brush islands later as a tropical storm Schools in Hawaii and Maui counties will be closed Thursday
CNN  -- U.S. gasoline prices have declined for four weeks straight and now average more than 20 cents a gallon cheaper than a year ago , according to a new nationwide survey . The average cost of a gallon across the continental United States of regular stands at $ 3.71 , down 3 cents from two weeks earlier , said Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the Lundberg Survey . Prices have fallen nearly 9 cents a gallon in the past four weeks and are 22 cents cheaper than at this point in 2012 , Lundberg said . Lower prices in the Europe 's benchmark Brent crude oil are largely behind the most recent fall . More U.S. refining capacity coming back on line after seasonal maintenance also contributed , Lundberg said . "  From there , short-term , we may see more price-cutting soon , perhaps on the order of this approximate 3-cent decline , " she said . "  But the current picture suggests it wo n't be large . " Gas prices broke a three-month upward spiral in early March , which had climbed nearly 54 cents since late December . The Lundberg Survey canvasses about 2,500 filling stations across the Lower 48 states every two weeks . The most expensive fuel in the latest survey , conducted Friday , was in Chicago , where pump prices averaged $ 4.10 a gallon ; the cheapest could be found in Billings , Montana , at $ 3.33 , Lundberg said . Average per-gallon prices in other cities : Atlanta : $ 3.57 Baton Rouge , Louisiana : $ 3.45 Boston : $ 3.75 Denver : $ 3.53 Las Vegas : $ 3.72 Memphis , Tennessee : $ 3.43 Miami : $ 3.74 Philadelphia : $ 3.64 San Francisco : $ 4.07 Seattle : $ 3.81 CNNMoney : California could be next oil boom state	Cheaper European crude helps push down U.S. gas prices The average price of a gallon of U.S. regular was $ 3.71 on Friday The most expensive gas was in Chicago ; the cheapest in Billings , Montana
Venezuelan prosecutors dropped the most serious charges against opposition politician Leopoldo Lopez , whom the country 's government blames for inciting clashes that have left at least five people dead . Lopez , one of the leading opposition figures in Venezuela , was formally charged with arson and conspiracy , but murder and terrorism charges were dropped , said his attorney , Juan Carlos Gutierrez . If convicted , Lopez could face up to 10 years in prison . Lopez 's legal team welcomed the reduced charges , though it criticized the way the judicial process was being carried out . Wednesday night 's hearing , to charge Lopez and determine whether he would be released or remain behind bars , took place in an unusual spot : a bus parked outside the prison where he is being held . "  It seems very unorthodox , " Gutierrez told CNN en Español . The initial court appearance was to take place in a courtroom , but because of security concerns , officials wanted to move it to the prison . Gutierrez argued that inside a prison was not a proper venue for a hearing , so the strange solution was reached : the bus-turned-courtroom parked just outside the facility . The prison , outside the capital , Caracas , is a military facility , and Lopez 's defense has raised questions about why a civilian is being held there . The response was that it was a place where the government could guarantee his safety , Gutierrez said . Lopez turned himself in to authorities this week in a dramatic scene before tens of thousands of supporters he had called to the streets . Anti-government protests in recent weeks are the largest demonstrations that President Nicolas Maduro has faced in his 11 months in power . The unrest During the demonstrations , supporters of the country 's socialist government and anti-government protesters have flooded social media with reports of violence , making drastically different claims about who 's behind it . Since February 13 , more than 2,000 stories from Venezuela have been uploaded to iReport , CNN 's user-generated platform . Many of the videos and photos depict violent scenes between demonstrators and government forces . Alejandro Camacho Beomont told iReport that students Wednesday blocked streets and burned debris in San Cristobal , from where he sent photos -- and he said he did n't blame them . "  Even though I am always looking for peace to make a better place to live , I think people have the right to express themselves in the ways they can , and it is not easy to express yourself in this country now , " he said . "  I support the protesters . There have been more than 15 years that the majority of the Venezuelan citizens are going through tough times . There are so many problems we have to face every day , and there seems to be not a sincere attitude from the high government officials to rectify  them  . " In a nationally televised broadcast Wednesday night , Maduro described bullet wounds sustained by government forces during protests and showed videos that he said depicted opposition protesters throwing stones and setting buses ablaze . "  You think this is a novel ? This is the reality that you with your hatred have created , " he said . "  If you do n't like Venezuela , leave . " Reports of violence drew condemnation from Henrique Capriles , a leading opposition politician who lost a bid for the presidency last year . He called for the government to open a dialogue with demonstrators , rather than cracking down on dissent . "  In this hour of turbulence , to the students , to those who are in the streets , again we call for you not to step into the trap of violence , " he said . Human rights concerns Human rights groups warned about the danger of turning the protests into a persecution of political opponents . The charges against Lopez , who has organized protests demanding better security , an end to shortages and protected freedom of speech , "  smack of a politically motivated attempt to silence dissent in the country , " Amnesty International said in a prepared statement . Human Rights Watch warned that Venezuela must avoid "  scapegoating " political opponents . Justice Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres said Thursday that out of about 200 people who were detained during clashes in the past week , only 13 remain in jail for offenses that include illegal gun possession and vandalism . Rodriguez Torres ridiculed reports that the Venezuelan state is illegally detaining students in an effort to put an end to the protests . Obama decries ` false accusations ' Major social and economic problems in Venezuela have fueled the protests . But as the demonstrations gained steam , officials have pointed fingers at other factors , accusing the United States of plotting to destabilize the government . Venezuela expelled three U.S. diplomats this week , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government . At a rally Tuesday , Maduro shouted , "  Yankee , go home " from the stage , drawing cheers from the crowd . U.S. President Barack Obama fired back at a news conference in Mexico on Wednesday . "  Venezuela , rather than trying to distract from its own failings by making up false accusations against diplomats from the United States , the government ought to focus on addressing the legitimate grievances of the Venezuelan people , " he told reporters . In a television broadcast Wednesday , Maduro accused Colombian paramilitary forces and the United States of fueling the violence , and he vowed to stand firm against any attempts to overthrow his government . "  And what is the Venezuelan opposition going to do ? " he said . "  Believe that with the support of  U.S. Secretary of State  John Kerry or Obama , you are going to be able to take political power by violent means ? " This is n't the first time that bitter protests and counterprotests by supporters and opponents of the government have threatened political stability in Venezuela over the past decade . Many of Maduro 's claims -- of U.S. intervention , of assassination plots -- were also lobbed by the late President Hugo Chavez . Chavez was briefly ousted in a coup in 2002 , but otherwise outlasted the protests and repeatedly won reelection . He ruled for 14 years , until his death last year after a long battle with cancer . Venezuela : 9 things to know about the protests Cheered by supporters , Venezuelan opposition leader Lopez surrenders 17-year-old dies during Venezuelan protests	Capriles to protesters : "  Do not step into the trap of violence " iReporter : "  People have the right to express themselves " A hearing for the opposition leader was held inside a parked bus Leopoldo Lopez charged with arson and conspiracy ; terrorism , murder charges are dropped
Mashable  -- Facebook game developer Zynga has proved once again that it knows exactly what it needs to do to keep millions of Facebook users happy and occupied . In less than a month , its latest game "  CityVille " has become the most popular application on Facebook , surpassing Zynga 's previous hit "  FarmVille " in all areas . According to AppData , "  CityVille " now has 16.8 million daily active users , compared to "  FarmVille 's " 16.4 million . Looking at monthly active users , "  CityVille " is also ahead with 61.7 million users , while "  FarmVille " trails behind with 56.8 million users . Zynga 's "  FrontierVille " and "  Texas HoldEm Poker " also round out the top five : put those four apps together  we 'll disregard the fact that many of those users overlap for a second  and you have a very impressive number : 184 million active users across four games . The only non-Zynga app in the top five list is "  Phrases , " which at one point threatened to take the top place , but is now overshadowed by both "  CityVille " and "  FarmVille . " "  CityVille 's " future success was n't hard to predict after an amazingly good start at the beginning of December , but it 's still impressive to see Zynga amassing tens of millions of users in a matter of days , proving that all that venture capital that went into the company is n't there by accident . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  CityVille " has 16.8 million daily active users and "  FarmVille " has 16.4 million Zynga 's "  FrontierVille " and "  Texas HoldEm Poker " also round out the top five The only non-Zynga app in the top five list is "  Phrases "
CNN  The United States is urging China to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . Authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing , Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for International Women 's Day on March 8 . "  Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Friday . "  We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . " The detention of Wei Tingting , along with Wu Rongrong , Li Tingting , Wang Man and Zheng Churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . Protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase "  free the five " as a hashtag . Wang Qiushi , the lawyer for Wei , said police recommended Monday that prosecutors press charges of "  assembling a crowd to disturb public order . " Prosecutors have seven days -- until Monday -- to decide whether to pursue the charges , according to the lawyer . "  We can do nothing but wait , " Wang said . The five were initially held on suspicion of "  picking quarrels and provoking trouble . " Wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . "  Neither should constitute a crime , " he said . Campaign group Amnesty International said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum prison term of five years . "  The women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , " said William Nee , China researcher at Amnesty International . Wang said that Wei was subjected to lengthy cross examinations during her detention . Two of the women are said to be in poor health . He added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for International Women 's Day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence . The five are members of China 's Women 's Rights Action Group . They had planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying "  stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe " and "  go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! " on International Women 's Day . This week , Kerry 's predecessor , Hillary Clinton , tweeted that the activists ' detention was "  inexcusable . " Chinese authorities rebuked her comment , saying public figures should respect the nation 's sovereignty and independence . CNN 's Katie Hunt and Shen Lu contributed to this report	The international community is calling for the release of the five women Chinese authorities detained them last month over their campaign for gender equality
The last time Rafael Nadal came back from a long-term layoff , he enjoyed one of the finest seasons of an outstanding career -- reaching nine consecutive finals on his return from a knee injury , and winning both the French and U.S. Open grand slams in 2013 . On Tuesday , the Spaniard took to the court for the first time in three months and looked as though he had never been away as he blitzed past Frenchman Richard Gasquet at the China Open . Needing just 78 minutes to win 6-4 6-0 in the opening round , the world No. 2 appeared to feel no effects of the right wrist injury he suffered while practicing at home in Mallorca in late July . "  In general , I have to be happy the way that I played , " Nadal , a 14-time grand slam winner , told the official ATP Tour website . "  After three months without a match , winning against a good player like Richard is a very positive comeback for me . I think I played solid , no mistakes . " Nadal , who presented Li Na with a bouquet of flowers as China said goodbye to its biggest tennis star on Tuesday , had not played since his surprise fourth round defeat by Australian Nick Kyrgios at Wimbledon on July 1 . His problematic wrist meant he was unable to defend his title at this month 's U.S. Open , where Croatia 's Marin Cilic emerged as a surprise winner . "  More important than winning or losing is spending time on court . That 's the key for me at the moment : spending time on court , playing matches , " said Nadal . "  At least I am going to play two matches minimum here . That 's a positive thing . I 'm going to try my best to play three . " The 28-year-old has returned to action even though he says his wrist is not quite 100 % healed . Nadal has a decent record in Beijing -- having won the China Open in 2005 and Olympic gold in 2008 . Last year , he finished runner-up as Novak Djokovic won his fourth China Open title . The Serb took his record in Beijing to 20-0 when beating Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-2 6-1 as Djokovic played his first match since being stunned by Japan 's Kei Nishikori in the U.S. Open semifinal .	Rafael Nadal beats Richard Gasquet at the China Open on his return from injury Spaniard had been out for three months with a right wrist injury World No. 2 was unable to defend his U.S. Open title during his layoff
The sister of a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp defended her brother Thursday , asking leaders of both nations to "  please , just see him as one man . " Pae Jun Ho , known as Kenneth Bae by U.S. authorities , was found guilty of unspecified "  hostile acts " against the reclusive Stalinist state , the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . KCNA said the Korean-American was arrested November 3 after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . North Korean law allows up to 10 days of processing before a sentence is enforced , so it was n't immediately clear when Bae would report for hard labor , or where he was being held in the meantime . "  We just pray , and ask for leaders of both nations to please , just see him as one man , caught in between , " Terri Chung , Bae 's sister , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . "  He 's a father to three children , and we just ask that he be allowed to come home . " She said her family has spoken to Bae once in the last six months . Sounding "  incredibly calm under the circumstances , " he called last week and tried to reassure family members , but they are devastated , Chung told Cooper . "  You know , Kenneth is a good man ; he 's not a spy . He has never had any evil intentions against North Korea , or any other country for that matter , " she said . Bae is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work , according to Chung . "  He did n't have any problems going there last time , last year five times , so he did n't have any reason to suspect that there would be any trouble this time around , " she said . Her brother 's case raises the possibly of another delicate diplomatic dance over an American captive . In previous instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary -- in recent cases , former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . But Bae 's case could get caught up in the recent tensions between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , as the North is formally known , and the United States . "  You all are aware of the history and how this has happened in the past with U.S. citizens , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell told reporters in Washington . "  But what we 're calling for and we 're urging the DPRK authorities to do is to grant him amnesty and to allow for his immediate release , full stop . " Ventrell said the State Department is still trying to confirm details of the case through Swedish diplomats who visited Bae last week . Sweden represents U.S. interests in North Korea because Washington has no diplomatic relations with Pyongyang . "  We 've had longstanding concerns about the lack of transparency and due process in the North Korean legal system , " he said . "  So now that Mr. Bae has gone through a legal process , we urge the DPRK to grant him amnesty and immediate release . " U.S. officials have struggled to establish how exactly Bae fell afoul of North Korean authorities . The North Korean statement on his conviction provided no details of the allegations against him . "  This was somebody who was a tour operator , who has been there in the past and has a visa to go to the North , " a senior U.S. official told CNN on Monday , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue . Read more : The North Korea we rarely see The news comes on the heels of weeks of superheated rhetoric from North Korea , which conducted its third nuclear test in February and launched a satellite into orbit atop a long-range rocket in December . Washington responded by deploying additional missile interceptors on the West Coast , dispatching a missile defense system to the Pacific territory of Guam and bolstering annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises with overflights by nuclear-capable B-2 and B-52 bombers . But the intensity of the North 's rhetoric appears to have subsided recently , and the U.S.-South Korean drills finished this week , removing another source of friction . Read more : Why I fled North Korea Previous situations involving Americans arrested in North Korea have usually been resolved with a red-carpet appearance by a prominent former official . In 2010 , former President Jimmy Carter secured the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a former English teacher who had been sentenced to eight years of hard labor for entering the North from China . In 2009 , the North freed American journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee to former President Bill Clinton . Ling and Lee had been arrested while reporting from the North Korean-Chinese border and sentenced to 12 years in a labor camp . Analysts say high-level visits are a show of respect toward Pyongyang , a propaganda boost for the North that gives it a face-saving way to release a captive . In 2009 , North Korean officials rejected several lower-level envoys before settling on Clinton , who sat for three hours of dinner and photos with then-North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . In one recent case , however , North Korea released an American prisoner without any apparent U.S. intervention . Robert Park had been arrested after crossing into the North to bring "  a message of Christ 's love and forgiveness " to Kim Jong Il in December 2009 ; he was released the following February , after what the state-run news agency KCNA called an "  admission and sincere repentance of his wrongdoings . " CNN iReport : Our global fear and fascination But a visit to Pyongyang in January by a delegation led by Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt did n't appear to make any breakthrough in Bae 's case . The State Department had objected to the delegation 's trip , saying it was ill-timed . The visit took place about a month after North Korea had launched a long-range rocket that put an object in orbit and prompted condemnation from the international community . North Korea is considered to have one of the most repressive penal systems in the world . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps that the regime is believed to use to crush political dissent . The United Nations Human Rights Council said in March that it would set up a commission of inquiry to examine what it called "  grave , widespread and systematic " violations of human rights in North Korea . North Korea reacted to the move with indignation , saying it had "  one of the best systems for promotion and protection of human rights in the world . " Why is North Korea cooling it ?	Terri Chung asks leaders of both nations to see her brother as just "  one man " He is known in the U.S. as Kenneth Bae and is referred to as Pae Jun Ho by North Korea The U.S. State Department demands Bae 's release , "  full stop " North Korean state media report he committed "  hostile acts " against the state
CNN  -- A partnership between NASA 's Kennedy Space Center and Boeing will bring more than 100 jobs to Florida 's Space Coast , the governor announced on Monday . "  Florida has five decades of leadership in the space industry , which makes our state the logical place for the next phase of space travel and exploration , " Gov. Rick Scott said in a statement . Boeing 's plans include manufacturing and testing its Crew Space Transportation-100 spacecraft and locating its Commercial Crew program headquarters at Cape Canaveral . The move is expected to create 140 jobs in Florida by June 2013 and 550 by December 2015 . Republican Rep. Sandy Adams called the announcement "  welcomed news " as she recounted the devastating job losses her 24th Congressional District has suffered since the space shuttle program ended . It was a little more than a year ago that NASA laid off more than 1,200 workers , even after a bill that extended the retirement date of the shuttle program from February to July 2011 . Thousands more , including shuttle workers and contractors , lost their jobs when the program ended . Despite the massive job losses , state and federal leaders have worked hard to preserve the history of the space center and produce new jobs that will secure economic growth for years to come . "  This marks the beginning of the vibrance of the economy of the Space Coast , " Republican Rep. Bill Posey said . NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Beth Garver thanked the Obama administration and Congress for their support and called the agreement "  the latest sign of tangible progress " as the space center transitions from a government-only facility to a commercial space port . The partnership is "  also part of a larger commitment on the part of NASA and the Obama administration to bring jobs and economic development to the Space Coast by building on all of Kennedy 's world-class launch capabilities , " Garver said . "  The Boeing Co. is helping lead the way in the next chapter of human spaceflight , and I am proud that they chose our community for their home , " Adams said . The CST-100 spacecraft is a reusable capsule-shaped aircraft that has a crew module and service module , a statement from the governor said . Boeing has planned test flights from Cape Canaveral in 2015 .	Boeing partners with Kennedy Space Center to establish new headquarters The move is expected to bring 140-550 jobs to Florida Florida congresswoman calls partnership "  welcomed news "
CNN  -- Be kind to fans of "  The Good Wife " today . They 're seriously struggling . During the course of Sunday 's episode , faithful "  Good Wife " viewers had to say goodbye to Josh Charles ' character , Will Gardner , who was killed in a plot twist no one saw coming . Fans have taken the news so badly that showrunners Robert and Michelle King have been forced to explain why they did it . The Kings , who launched the acclaimed drama in 2009 , say in an open letter addressed to their "  loyal " audience that their focus has always been on "  the education of " Julianna Margulies ' character , Alicia Florrick , a lawyer whose life was thrown into turmoil after her husband 's corruption scandal . Over the past five seasons , Florrick has gone from being "  the good wife " to a woman rebuilding her life and career as a litigator , reuniting with her old law school friend , Will , along the way . So when the two writers were "  faced with the gut punch of Josh 's decision , made over a year ago , to move on to other creative endeavors , we had a major choice to make . We could ` send him off to Seattle , ' he could be disbarred , or get married , or go off to Borneo to do good works , " they say of the deceased character . But distance would 've been but a "  meager hurdle " for Alicia and Will . "  To us , there always was a tragedy at the center of Will and Alicia 's relationship : the tragedy of bad timing , " the Kings said . "  The brutal honesty and reality of death speaks to the truth and tragedy of bad timing for these two characters . " Basically , this character 's death will "  propel Alicia into her newest incarnation . " "  Death also created a new dramatic ` hub ' for the show , " the Kings continue . "  We 're always looking for these turning points -- some event midway through the season that will spin everybody 's lives in new directions . These turning points keep the show from slipping into a numbing sameness , and keep the characters fresh : because you see how they react to a completely new status quo . " The unexpected death they just handed down "  in many ways becomes a hub for the whole series , violently spinning everybody in new directions . " So why did they opt to off the guy in such a gut-wrenching way ? Well , the Kings say , "  we 've all experienced the sudden death of a loved one in our lives . It 's terrifying how a perfectly normal and sunny day can suddenly explode with tragedy . Television , in our opinion , does n't deal with this enough : the irredeemability of death . Your last time with the loved one will always remain your last time . ` The Good Wife ' is a show about human behavior and emotion , and death , as sad and unfair as it can be , is a part of the human experience that we want to share . " In the end , the two conclude , "  Life does go on . "	"  The Good Wife " killed off an integral character in Sunday 's episode Fans have struggled with understanding why Showrunners Robert and Michelle King have explained it was necessary for the plot The Kings say TV does n't deal with the irredeemability of death enough
Los Angeles  CNN  -- About a year ago , a former quarterback with the San Diego Chargers and a retired linebacker with the Minnesota Vikings lifted their once-sturdy frames onto a cold examination table . Meanwhile , a radioactive chemical was coursing through their bodies on its way to receptors in their brain tissue . A hum filled the room as each man slid toward a doughnut-shaped opening on a brain scanner . When their scans were later analyzed , crimson and bright yellow bands appeared deep in their brains , indicating damage . The two former players , Wayne Clark and Fred McNeill , were participants in a pilot study at UCLA that may have found a destructive protein called tau in the brains of five living retired National Football League players . Tau is significant because it has been found -- posthumously -- in the brains of dozens of former NFL players , including Junior Seau , Dave Duerson , Terry Long , Shane Dronett and Mike Webster . All committed suicide and were later diagnosed with a disease called chronic traumatic encephalopathy . Some scientists call finding the disease in the brains of living players the "  holy grail " of CTE research , a way to diagnose and treat it . The UCLA study may turn out to be an important first step in that effort . But at this early juncture , the small study poses more questions than answers . Consider McNeill and Clark . Study authors say both had tau in their brain tissue , yet they are on opposite ends of the cognitive spectrum . McNeill , 60 , has been diagnosed with early stage dementia , while Clark , 65 , is cognitively normal . Lamar Campbell : Why I 'm donating my brain "  The sample is too small , and we do n't know enough to make much sense about this , " said Dr. Gary Small , lead author of the study , which appeared last week in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry . Clark 's brain scan -- as crude a picture as it provides of his brain function -- showed bright patches of red and yellow in key areas of the brain associated with rage , depression and memory problems . The hypothesis of the study is that the more concentrated the tau protein , the more red and yellow appears on the scan . Yet Clark says the worst thing that happens to him daily is occasionally forgetting the name of someone he just met . "  He 's in his mid-60s and just has normal aging , has mild memory complaints typical for somebody that age , " said Small , professor of psychiatry at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA . "  So we need to do more studies of players with symptoms , more studies of players without symptoms , and see what the correlations are . " In contrast to Clark 's scans , McNeill 's were flecked with red here and there , but most of his scan was greenish in hue , suggesting less tau . When his wife got the news that researchers may have found tau in McNeill 's brain , she was anything but surprised . His cognitive decline has been slow and , at times , painful . But when Tia McNeill , who is separated from her husband , considered the possibility that another player has tau but no cognitive problems , she remained unfazed . "  I think that as with anything , our bodies are all different , " she said . "  There are some players that are deeply affected and other that are n't . " Scan may detect signs of NFL players ' brain disease She knows that story well , recalling McNeill 's roommate when he played for the Vikings . "  They entered the league the same year , played the same position , used the same equipment , had the same coaches , " but today the former roommate is cognitively normal . Clark and McNeill are around the same age , but that 's where their similarities end . Clark started playing football in high school and was not a sought-after college recruit . He made it to the NFL and mostly lingered on the sideline as a backup quarterback . "  I did n't personally feel at risk at all because I did n't take the steady contacts that other players did , " Clark said . McNeill , on the other hand , began playing at a younger age , was a first-round draft pick when he entered the NFL , and by the time his career ended in 1985 , he had played football for more than 20 years . Quarterbacks like Clark -- especially backups -- get nowhere near the number of hits linebackers like McNeill suffer . In fact , the highest-profile cases of CTE thus far have primarily been diagnosed among linemen and linebackers , positions where hits to the head occur on virtually every play . "  One of the arguments is that it may have less to do with the number of concussions but more the number of sub-concussive impacts over the course of a player 's career , " said Kevin Guskiewicz , director of the Center for the Study of Retired Athletes at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . That might explain Clark 's lack of symptoms . NFL Players Association , Harvard planning $ 100 million player study Another popular theory among researchers is that the stark cognitive difference between players like Clark and McNeill could boil down to genetics . Small points out that when it comes to Alzheimer 's disease , which shares some symptoms with CTE , there are certain genes , like ApoE4 , that predispose people to worse cognition . So could McNeill be genetically more vulnerable to cognitive problems ? Or was it the sheer number of hits he took to the head compared with Clark ? "  Everything needs to be put on the table , " said Guskiewicz , a concussion expert . "  It may be something environmental , it may be genetic . What we need to focus on is what creates this perfect storm . " Small is realistic about the study -- despite his confidence in the early findings -- and the need for much more data to explain what that perfect storm looks like . "  I would say to  Clark  , ` Yes , I know that you have a scan that looks different , ' but we do n't know what that means yet , " Small said . "  What I suspect is that it 's not just the scan . There may be a lot of other variables that come into play that determine whether there 's a close correlation between the tau deposits in the brain and any clinical symptoms . " Former football star Junior Seau 's family sues NFL , Riddell helmets	Former NFL players Wayne Clark and Fred McNeill participated in a UCLA study The protein tau , linked to a brain disease , was found in both of their brains McNeill has early-stage dementia ; Clark does not Researchers say other variables may come into play when it comes to the disease
Washington  CNN  -- The White House rejected criticism Sunday that President Obama has not delivered on his promise of "  change " during his first year in office . White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the president has brought about "  enormous change . " "  I think what we 've seen is a dramatic difference in terms of how the United States is perceived around the world , " Jarrett told NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " on the final Sunday before the president 's State of the Union address . Obama 's travels have established relationships with world leaders that "  lay a foundation for keeping America safe and making us a partner around the world , " she added . Jarrett also credited the president with having "  pulled back the economy from the brink of disaster . " "  That 's an enormous amount of change when you consider where we were a year ago right on the brink , " she said . "  And he 's adding discipline in government to try to get control over our fiscal house . So I think that we 've seen enormous change . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , on the same program , countered that "  if you look at the first year of this administration , we have n't made much progress . " He complained about the deficit in the president 's budget and the health care reform package that Republicans oppose . But McConnell , R-Kentucky , was also on the defensive about the GOP , which critics have been calling "  the party of no . " Asked to characterize the performance of his own party this year , McConnell said , "  What we did is try to operate on principle . The president decided to go hard left . That 's why he does n't have many of my members -LSB- supporting his agenda -RSB- . If he chooses to govern in the middle , he will have broader support . " Jarrett insisted the president never wavered from his promised bipartisan approach . Discussing his health care initiative , Jarrett said Obama "  has sat down with the leadership and members of the Republican Party , both the House and the Senate . In fact , bills in both the House and the Senate contain provisions that were suggested by the Republican Party -- so nothing 's changed about the president 's approach . "	Valerie Jarrett : Obama has made "  dramatic difference " in U.S. image around the world White House senior adviser also credits Obama with pulling back economy from disaster Republican leader says Obama went "  hard left " and lost bipartisan support Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell criticizes deficit , health care reform
CNN  -- Thai villagers close to the disputed Preah Vihear temple began returning to their homes Tuesday following a decision in the International Court of Justice -- the UN 's highest court -- that awarded sovereignty over most of the land around the temple to Cambodia . Residents displaced by simmering tensions began returning to the border region , convinced the ICJ verdict will restore peace , according to Thailand 's The Nation newspaper . A panel of judges ruled on Monday that the promontory on which the temple sits was part of Cambodia , although the court did not give Cambodia full control over all the territory saying it had no jurisdiction over a nearby hill -- known as Pheu Makhua - that formed part of the dispute . "  In consequence , Thailand was under an obligation to withdraw from that territory the Thai military or police forces or other guards or keepers that were stationed there , " president of the International Court of Justice Peter Tomka said in the judgement . In a televised address , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said that Thailand would hold talks with Cambodia to finally resolve the 51-year-old dispute . " Thailand will enter negotiations with Cambodia to put an end to the issue , " she said in a nationally televised press conference . "  I would like all Thais to be confident that the government will be at its best in protecting national interests . " The Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen called for calm ahead of the court decision this week , saying that Thailand and Cambodia intended to abide by the court 's decision . "  I would appeal to the armed forces fulfilling their duties in the border area to maintain calmness , patience and avoid actions that would cause tension or eventual clashes , " he said in a statement . The 11th century Hindu temple sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The two countries differ on whether some territory around the temple forms part of Thailand or Cambodia . The Hague-based International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand says the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia - a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . In 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- a place the U.N. says has outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Both sides agreed to withdraw troops from the disputed area in December 2011 following border skirmishes earlier that year that left five people dead . As many as 27,000 people were displaced by the fighting . One Thai nationalist group , the Thai Patriotic Network , has said it would reject any judgment from the ICJ , according to The Nation newspaper . "  Thai people who know the reality would not allow the government to comply with the ICJ judgement . What the government has done could be deemed as ` selling the nation ' to foreigners , " Chaiwat Sinsuwong , leader of Thai Patriotic Network , told The Nation .	Villagers near the disputed temple begin returning to their homes The UN 's International Court of Justice rules Cambodia has sovereignty over area Thailand still retains jurisdiction over a nearby hill that formed part of the dispute Tensions in the five-decade-old dispute boiled over in 2011 when five were killed in skirmishes
New York  CNN  -- An Egyptian cobra that turned into a media darling after its escape and subsequent capture at New York 's Bronx Zoo was named Mia on Thursday after a public vote . The name is a play on the days when the snake was missing in action , zoo officials said . The Bronx Zoo and New York Daily News asked the public to vote on the best name for the mischievous cobra . After receiving more than 34,000 suggestions , officials whittled the list down to five nominations before Mia was chosen . Mia received 15,972 votes , or 27 percent of the total vote , a zoo statement said . The four runners-up were Subira , which means patient in Egypt , with 14,016 votes  24 percent  ; Amaunet , an ancient Egyptian goddess , meaning ` the female hidden one , " with 11,672 votes  20 percent  ; Cleopatra , the last ruler of ancient Egypt who supposedly killed herself by means of an Egyptian cobra bite , with 10,730 votes  18 percent  ; and Agnes , Greek for pure or holy and also a reference to St. Agnes , with 6,777 votes  11 percent  . "  Now that Mia has received her official name and has settled into her exhibit at the Bronx Zoo 's Reptile House , the building will be re-opened to the public on Saturday , April 9 and visitors will be able to see her for the first time , " the statement said . But an anonymous Twitter feed on behalf of the once missing cobra appeared defiant . "  So , the vote is in . They want to name me Mia , " the posting said . "  But in my heart I 'll always know that my true name is Mrs. Justin Bieber . " The 3-ounce , 20-inch reptile slithered out of her enclosure on March 26 and turned up five days later after zoo officials scattered rodent-scented wood shavings to lure her out in hopes of a meal . Zoo officials do n't know how the snake got out , director Jim Breheny said this week . "  Anyone who has ever dealt with snakes or kept snakes knows that they are notorious as escape artists , " Breheny said Monday . The disappearance of an animal whose venom can kill an elephant in three hours and a human in 15 minutes sparked more amusement than panic , drawing 200,000 followers to an anonymously authored Twitter feed . It had the snake taking tours of the city and threatening to drop down the chimneys of unsuspecting city dwellers . All the attention has brought plenty of notice to the zoo , Breheny said with a laugh . "  It certainly has put us out there , " he said . "  But we would have preferred to be out there for another reason . "	The snake was named Mia after vote sponsored by Bronx Zoo and newspaper , officials say The Egyptian cobra captured public imagination when it escaped last month Visitors to Bronx Zoo can see Mia on Saturday , zoo says
Who is Kenneth Bae ? And why is he being held by North Korea ? Those are the questions for many following the combative exchange Tuesday between Dennis Rodman and Chris Cuomo on CNN 's "  New Day , " who asked whether the former NBA player was planning to inquire about Bae , a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp . In response , Rodman , who is in North Korea with a team of fellow former NBA players , suggested the Korean-American had done something wrong , but did not specify what . "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asked Cuomo . "  No , no , no , you tell me , you tell me . Why is he held captive here in this country , why ? " Here 's a look at the case : Who is Bae ? Born in South Korea , Bae immigrated at age 16 to the United States with his parents , his mother told CNN . The 44-year-old Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , moved to China in 2005 . A year later he established "  Nations Tour , " a China-based tour company that specialized in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website established by friends to promote his release . Described by his sister , Terri Chung , as a devout Christian , Bae is married and the father of three children . "  Several years ago , Kenneth saw an opportunity that combined his entrepreneurial spirit with his personal convictions as a Christian , " the website said . "  He believed in showing compassion to the North Korean people by contributing to their economy in the form of tourism . " Bae had guided at least 15 tour groups , mostly made up of Americans and Canadians , into North Korea at the time of his arrest , his family has said . What happened ? This much everybody appears to agree on : Bae was on the first day of a five-day tour when he was arrested November 3 , 2012 , in Rason , an area along the northeastern coast of North Korea that has been established by Pyongyang as a special economic zone to promote trade and investment . U.S. officials have struggled to establish how exactly Bae ran afoul of North Korean authorities . Word of Bae 's arrest first surfaced in South Korea media reports days after he was detained , with the United States later confirming it . Nearly two weeks after detaining Bae , North Korea 's official news agency confirmed his arrest , saying only he was picked up for a crime against the state . According to the state-run Korean Central News Agency , KCNA , there was evidence uncovered that proved he had committed a crime against the country . Among the allegations : Bae was setting up bases in China to topple the North Korean government ; he was encouraging North Korean citizens to bring down the government ; and he was conducting a "  malignant smear campaign . " In May , the government also accused Bae of planning a "  Jericho operation " to bring down the government through religious activities . The American confessed to the offenses , the government said . What did he do ? There has been speculation the evidence North Korea cites may in fact have been something Bae was carrying with him , perhaps a Bible or some other religious literature . His mother , Myunghee Bae , who visited her son in North Korea in October , told CNN that her son was a devout Christian who had not understood the North Korean system . North Korea is officially an atheist state . Bae 's health North Korea is considered to have one of the most repressive penal systems in the world . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps that the regime is believed to use to crush political dissent . His mother and sister have told CNN that more than 10 months into Bae 's sentence , his health is failing . In a prison interview with Choson Sinbo , a pro-North Korean group based in Tokyo , Bae had spoken of health problems , including diabetes , high blood pressure , fatty liver and a back problem . He looked noticeably thinner and wore a blue prison garment streaked with sweat and dirt . "  Although my health is not good , I am being patient and coping well , " he said at the time . "  And I hope that with the help of the North Korean government and the United States , I will be released soon . " Bae was moved to a hospital for serious health problems , his sister told CNN in August . In previous interviews , Chung has said that her brother suffers from health problems including severe back and leg pain , kidney stones , dizziness , blurred vision and loss of vision . He was already dealing with diabetes . His family says he has lost more than 50 pounds . Bargaining chip ? The timing of Bae 's conviction has raised questions about whether Pyongyang is using him as a bargaining chip in efforts to jump-start negotiations to dismantle North Korea 's nuclear program . Washington has previously accused North Korea of doing so to try to gain concessions . Bae 's conviction followed North Korea 's testing of a long-range rocket and an underground nuclear test , moves that resulted in tougher U.N. sanctions . Tensions between North Korea and the United States have eased somewhat since the spring , when Pyongyang unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats as U.S. and South Korean troops carried out large-scale military exercises in the region . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae . In August , the two countries appeared close , but North Korea rescinded an invitation to a U.S. envoy . Ambassador Robert King , President Barack Obama 's special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , had been expected to fly to Pyongyang to try to win Bae 's freedom . In previous instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary -- in recent cases , former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . But efforts by Bill Richardson , the former ambassador to the United Nations , were unsuccessful in winning Bae 's release during a visit to North Korea last year . Even Rodman , at one point , called on North Korea 's Kim Jong Un to release Bae . "  I 'm calling on the Supreme Leader of North Korea or as I call him "  Kim , " to do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose , " Rodman said in a May 7 post to his Twitter account . Rodman 's rant Rodman 's rant garnered swift reaction , with Richardson telling CNN the basketball player "  crossed a line this morning by implying that Kenneth Bae might be guilty , by suggesting there was a crime . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said he had heard about Rodman 's outburst . "  I did not see some of the comments that Mr. Rodman made , but I am not going to dignify that outburst with a response , " Carney said . But the harshest criticism of Rodman came from Bae 's sister , Chung . "  We could n't believe our ears . He was in a position to do some good and help advocate for Kenneth , and refused to do so , " Chung said on AC360 . "  But then instead he has chosen to hurl these outrageous accusations against Kenneth . He clearly does n't know anything about Kenneth , about his case . And so we were appalled by that . "	Kenneth Bae 's sister says Rodman was in a position to do some good and refused Bae , 44 , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in North Korea in 2012 He was convicted by North Korea of "  hostile acts " in 2013 Bae was sentenced to 15 years ' hard labor
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- The legal battle over a tough Arizona immigration law entered its next stage Thursday when Gov. Jan Brewer filed an expedited appeal to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . The appeal asks the court to lift a preliminary injunction granted by a federal judge that blocked the most controversial parts of the law . The court document suggests a fast-track timetable that would have oral arguments on the appeal on September 13 . Before then , Arizona would file a substantive brief to the court and the U.S. Department of Justice would respond . The Justice Department responded to the motion Thursday , opposing the proposed timetable that would force the government to respond in half the typical time allotted . "  America is not going to sit back and allow the ongoing federal failures to continue , " Brewer said in a statement . We are a nation of laws and we believe they need to be enforced . " Following Wednesday 's injunction , some legal experts expect that the fight between the federal government and Arizona will reach the U.S. Supreme Court . "  We 'll win on appeal , " said Arizona state Sen. Russell Pearce , who wrote the law , known as SB 1070 . "  I got news for the anarchists , " he added . "  Our laws will be enforced . " But Isabel Garcia , an immigrants ' rights activist and a legal defender in Pima County , Arizona , said she is confident that Wednesday 's ruling by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton will prevail under appeal . "  The court will not allow the state of Arizona to criminalize undocumented immigrants , " Garcia told CNN . The judge 's ruling "  gutted " the Arizona law , Garcia said . The preliminary injunction issued Wednesday prevents police from questioning people 's immigration status if there is reason to believe they are in the country illegally . Bolton also blocked provisions of the law making it a crime for people to fail to apply for or carry "  alien registration papers " or "  for an unauthorized alien to solicit , apply for , or perform work , " as well as a provision "  authorizing the warrantless arrest of a person " if there is reason to believe that person might be subject to deportation . The parts of the law that took effect Thursday include a ban on so-called "  sanctuary cities " -- municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . Pearce noted that provision in the judge 's ruling . "  It was still a victory for Arizona , " he told CNN 's "  Newsroom AM " program . The judge also allowed a provision in the law that makes it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . The parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants also withstood the first legal test . Despite the judge 's ruling -- or perhaps because of it -- tensions remained elevated Thursday . Several demonstrators who oppose the immigration law were arrested Thursday afternoon in downtown Phoenix , where police blocked off several downtown streets and officers in riot gear were deployed throughout the area . Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said there were approximately 200 protesters oustide of a Phoenix jail . At least 15 protesters had been arrested , he said . Arpaio , a staunch supporter of the immigration law , and his department went ahead on Thursday with a sweep where violators of the law are subsequently investigated to verify their immigration status . The sweeps do not contradict the judge 's ruling because there are other laws that allow the transferring of undocumented workers from state jails to federal immigration custody afterwards , he said . "  Nothing is going to deter the sheriff and my office , including rulings by the federal judge . So , business as normal , " he said . From the other side of the 2,000-mile U.S.-Mexican border , the governor of Sonora state noted that the law has produced "  much tension " between the two state governments . "  It puts a lot of tension to border states like Sonora , " Guillermo Padres Elias told CNN . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the ruling reflects the government 's argument that immigration enforcement should be dealt with at the federal level . "  Arizona may have good intentions , they may be trying to make up for where the U.S. government has failed , but what the judge is saying is , this is not the way to do it , " he said "  I think this -LSB- is -RSB- a case very much destined for the Supreme Court , " as other states pass similar laws , Toobin said . Pearce , author of the law , said he foresaw a protracted legal fight from the beginning . "  I wrote it to go to the Supreme Court , " he said before the ruling came down . "  I 'm begging for that fistfight at the Supreme Court . We will win in a 5-4 decision and finally settle this problem . " He added , "  My message to the judge , is uphold the Constitution . Uphold states ' rights . This is a battle of epic proportions . This is the states versus the central government . " The federal appeals court could take up the case in a matter of days , but the earliest the Supreme Court could look at it would be October , because the high court is in summer recess . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Adam Blank , Phil Gast and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Justice Department opposes fast-track timetable Arizona governor files expedited appeal Opponents of the law say the ruling "  gutted " the measure Judge blocks police from questioning people 's immigration status
Colombia 's top rebel group , FARC , announced Monday it will temporarily halt its decades-old battle against government forces starting at midnight as a goodwill gesture amid peace talks with the Colombia government . FARC commander Ivan Marquez announced the unilateral cease-fire and called on the the Colombian government to do the same as he arrived for peace talks at Cuba 's Convention Palace in Havana Monday . "  Heeding the overwhelming demand for peace from diverse sectors of the country , the FARC secretariat orders guerrilla units across the country to cease military operations and acts of sabotage , " Marquez said The rebel cease-fire is scheduled to start Monday night and last until January 20 , the rebel group said . It 's unlikely the Colombian government will take part in the two-month truce : Bogota has said previously that it will not consider a cease-fire until after a final agreement is reached . FARC had signaled that it would pursue a cease-fire , even before peace talks , now being held in Havana , began in mid-October in Norway . Critics of the move believe it 's just an attempt by the rebel group to rebuild its forces . The leftist FARC , or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , has been at war with the government since the 1960s , making it the longest-running insurgency in Latin America . The U.S. State Department , which has listed FARC as a terror group , posted a $ 5 million reward for the capture of Marquez , whose real name is Luciano Marin Arango . FARC child soldiers on the rise There have been sporadic attempts at peace since the 1980s . The last attempt fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group but ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position . But this time , both sides say , they have a more ambitious agenda . "  The end of the armed conflict is the precursor to peace . To achieve it , we have to go deep into the transformation of society , " said Humberto de la Calle , a representative for the Colombian government . Five facts about the FARC rebels The end of hostilities -- the kidnappings and bombings by the FARC and military operations by the government -- will not usher in peace without a true transformation within the country , he said . Ivan Marquez , a FARC representative , agreed . "  We are not the guerrillas that some media make us out to be , " he said . "  We come to the table with proposals and projects to achieve a definitive peace , a peace that implies a demilitarization of the state and radical socioeconomic reforms that are the foundation of democracy , justice and freedom . " The FARC continues to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces , though it has been severely weakened in recent years . Two days after peace talks began in Norway , an apparent FARC rebel attack killed five Colombian soldiers . FARC rebels release French journalist A large distance remains between the sides . While the Colombian government has said that the FARC could continue to advocate for its positions as a political force , it does not want to negotiate all the group 's demands during the peace talks . "  This is about creating an agenda for the end of the conflict that allows the FARC to put forth its ideas unaccompanied by weapons , and with guarantees for its transformation to an unarmed political force , " de la Calle said .	FARC commander Ivan Marquez calls on the Colombian government to join the cease-fire Colombia 's FARC rebels announce one-sided truce as goodwill gesture FARC is taking part in peace talks with Colombia 's government Bogota has previously rejected any truces before a peace deal
CNN  -- The re-emergence of some vaccine-preventable diseases has prompted the California legislature to consider a bill that would make it more difficult for parents to opt out of vaccinating their kids . The legislation would require that parents get counseling from a doctor before opting out of immunizations for their children . Last year , the United States saw its highest number of reported measles cases in 15 years , even though the disease was eliminated from the country in 2000 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . One theory behind this rise , according to Dr. Richard Pan , the state assemblyman who introduced the bill , is that the recent trend away from immunizing children . That 's why he wants to make it more difficult to bypass vaccine requirements in his state . Jillian Edwards , a 27-year-old mother of two , is one of a number of parents who are not at all , or only partially , immunizing their kids . "  In the first year of their life , the kids get like 15 shots , which is so much for such a tiny body , " Edwards said . "  I think it was more the likelihood of them catching the disease versus the likelihood of them having a bad reaction . " Dr. Steven Nishibayashi says that 's a common sentiment among many parents when it comes time to immunize their kids -- even though it 's not backed by science . "  Most of the fears about immunizations are not well founded , " he said . Nishibayashi has been a pediatrician for 32 years . He said one of the most damaging works ever published about vaccines was a 1998 article in the medical journal The Lancet . It was written by the now-infamous Dr. Andrew Wakefield , who argued that there was a link between the measles , mumps and rubella vaccines , and autism . Nishibayashi said , however , that no one knows what causes autism . Even with people refusing vaccines , or delaying them , or spacing them out , autism rates continue to rise , he said . Some scientists say that this is simply a function of more awareness , better diagnosis and a broadening of the definition of what constitutes the disorder . The Lancet retracted the Wakefield article in 2004 and Wakefield lost his medical license  Wakefield is now suing the British Medical Journal and one of its authors for defamation  . But the damage had already been done . Many doctors believe parents ' fears about vaccines -- brought on by the Wakefield article and other non-scientific information -- has lead to a resurgence of diseases like measles and Pertussis or Whooping Cough . In 2010 , 10 children died in from Whooping Cough in California . The outbreak lead to a requirement that at age 10 , before entering the seventh grade , kids must have a Pertussis booster shot . Nishibayashi said the result was that the following year there were no deaths from Pertussis . The World Health Organization is hopeful that legislation like the bill in California will turn the tide of parents opting out of vaccinations . The anti-vaccine movement is not helping the fight against measles in Europe . There were 37,000 cases of measles reported last year in all of Europe , compared to 222 cases in the United States . "  I would say that you have a very active , if not the most active , anti-vaccination lobby globally in the U.S. , " said Robb Butler with the WHO . "  That certainly does n't help , if I can be completely honest and open about this . " Nishibayashi said there is plenty of good and accurate science that shows there is no definitive link between vaccines and other problems like autism . The problem , said Nishibayashi , is that because vaccines are generally administered around the time that autism is first diagnosed in children -- the first two years of life -- there is no way to prove to an absolute statistical certainty that the two are n't related . "  That 's where all this sort of quackery comes about , " said Nishibayashi . The bill in the California legislature requiring medical counseling has passed the assembly and is headed for the Senate . Pan , author of the bill , says it looks like it will come up for a full Senate vote , and may pass before school resumes in the fall .	Bill would require counseling before parents can opt out of vaccinations for kids Many fears about immunizations are unfounded , doctor says World Health Organization expert says U.S. has one of the largest anti-vaccination voices
CNN  -- Singer Jennifer Lopez , famous for her revealing outfits , is expected to take a more modest approach when she hits the stage this weekend in Indonesia and Malaysia -- both Islamic countries . "  She 'll have to cover up a little bit , " said Chairi Ibrahim , project manager for Dyandra Promosindo , one of the promoters for the Jakarta show of the "  Dance Again World Tour " on Friday . She and all the dancers must wear clothes that do n't show men 's chests or women 's cleavage , and sexual dance moves will have to resemble laughs as opposed to "  making love , " he added . Some women will wear black ties , he said , based on photos he 's seen . The adjustments are in keeping with informal rules that make the concert "  suitable for Indonesia " and will satisfy the local government , Muslim Indonesians and clerics , Ibrahim said , adding that he spoke with many parties . The near-sellout concert comes nearly six months after Lady Gaga was forced to cancel her sold-out show in Jakarta amid an uproar by Islamic hardliners against her costumes and dance moves . Ibrahim said that Lopez 's case was different because "  people know her from ` American Idol , ' " where she 'd been a judge , and saw her as a "  normal girl , " while Indonesian clerics deemed Gaga 's lyrics as "  not very good to youngsters . " Lopez is to perform in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , on Sunday . On her website , a Malaysian fan  "  Yusrizal Hamzah "  expressed concern in September over whether strict rules for women might cause a "  last-minute cancellation , " citing a canceled Beyonce concert in 2009 as an example . "  Please J.lo ! Malaysian fans want u here ! " he wrote . After Kuala Lumpur , Lopez will perform in Singapore and then Australia .	Promoter : Dancer 's clothes will cover men 's chests , women 's cleavage Sexual dance moves will have to resemble laughs , promoter adds Near-sellout concert comes nearly six months after Lady Gaga canceled Jakarta show Lopez to perform in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , on Sunday
CNN  -- A number of themes emerge from the regional reports included in the National Climate Assessment -- things like risks to infrastructure due to rising oceans both benefits and harm to agricultural production because of changing temperature , and new realities for cooling and heating costs . Find your geographic region below and see how these issues specifically affect where you live , according to the report . NORTHWEST If you live in the Northwest , you can appreciate how vital the snow accumulation in the mountains is . It melts in spring to provide water for hydropower plants and irrigation for crops . But as seasonal water patterns change , caused in part by changes in snowmelt , the region 's diverse ecology and geography can face challenges . The impacts of climate change will be strongly felt along the coast -- an area important for the region 's economy . People 's livelihoods , recreational areas and infrastructure could be affected by rising sea levels . At the same time , wildfires are expected to increase . White House : Climate change is here , action needed now Examples from report : -- "  Since around 1950 , area-averaged snowpack on April 1 in the Cascade Mountains decreased about 20 % , spring snowmelt occurred 0 to 30 days earlier depending on location , late winter/early spring streamflow increases ranged from 0 % to greater than 20 % as a fraction of annual flow , and summer flow decreased 0 % to 15 % as a fraction of annual flow , with exceptions in smaller areas and shorter time periods . " -- As sea levels rise , coastal areas of Washington and Oregon will flood more often . Beaches and habitats will probably decline in these areas . -- "  Climate change will alter Northwest forests by increasing wildfire risk and insect and tree disease outbreaks , and by forcing longer-term shifts in forest types and species . " -- Wildfires are a natural part of the forest ecosystem in the Northwest , but warmer and drier conditions have increased the number and extent of such fires . -- "  Projected warming will reduce the availability of irrigation water in snowmelt-fed basins and increase the probability of heat stress to field crops and tree fruit . " -- In the short term , some crops will benefit from a longer growing season , but the long-term consequences are uncertain . SOUTHWEST Those in the Southwest , especially in California , have already seen what changes in sea levels and temperature can do . Wildfires have ravaged some communities , and there has been damage along the coast due to waves encroaching further and further inland . Residents in this region count on a reliable supply of water . Imagine if that supply becomes less reliable as snowpack and streamflow amounts decrease ? Examples from the report : -- "  Over the past 50 years across most of the Southwest , there has been less late-winter precipitation falling as snow , earlier snowmelt , and earlier arrival of most of the year 's streamflow . " -- Between 1970 and 2003 , warmer and drier conditions increased the burned area in the western U.S. mid-elevation conifer forests by 650 % . -- The sea level along the California coast has risen anywhere between 6.7 to 7.9 inches over the past 100 years . -- "  If adaptive action is not taken , coastal highways , bridges , and other transportation infrastructure  such as the San Francisco and Oakland airports  are at increased risk of flooding with a 16-inch rise in sea level in the next 50 years . " -- "  The effects of heat stress are greatest during heat waves lasting several days or more , and heat waves are projected to increase in frequency , duration , and intensity , , , , , become more humid , and cause a greater number of deaths . " GREAT PLAINS A large chunk of the middle United States , from Texas to Montana and the Dakotas , falls into this category in the report . What do Texans and Montanans have in common when it comes to climate ? Well , the entire region will see increased demand for water and energy , and temperatures rise . Changes in how much you have to cool or warm your house has large impacts on the efficiency of energy use . Five things you can do Climate change does n't have just negative effects . For example , increased rainfall in the Northern Plains could increase agricultural productivity . But in the Central and Southern Plains , declines in rainfall means crop yields will be reduced . Examples from report : -- In the Northern Plains , warmer winters mean that there may be a reduction in heating demand , but it might be outweighed by greater demand for air conditioning during warmer summers . -- In the Central and Southern Plains , "  the climate impacts of shifting from irrigated to dryland agriculture would reduce crop yields by about a factor of two . " -- Plants and animals adjust to rising temperatures by adjusting their ranges , but that is becoming more difficult . For example : "  The historic bison herds migrated to adapt to climate , disturbance , and associated habitat variability , but modern land-use patterns , roads , agriculture , and structures inhibit similar large-scale migration . " -- Native American communities face physical and political constraints as the climate changes : "  Tribal members have reported the decline or disappearance of culturally important animal species , changes in the timing of cultural ceremonies due to earlier onset of spring , and the inability to locate certain types of ceremonial wild plants . " MIDWEST The Midwest is home to one of the country 's treasures , the Great Lakes . Climate change , however , means that the ecosystem might see changes such as increased invasive species and harmful algae , and declining beach health . On the flipside , less ice on the lake could increase the shipping season . As in other regions , the growing season stands to be lengthened because of the climate change , but again , it risks being offset by extreme weather events such as freezes that ruin crops . Examples from report : -- The Midwest growing season lengthened by almost two weeks since 1950 . -- The longer growing season can be offset by extreme weather , such as freezes and springtime cold outbreaks . -- The frequency of major heat waves in the Midwest has increased over the past 60 years . -- "  One study projected an increase of between 166 and 2,217 excess deaths per year from heat wave-related mortality in Chicago alone by 2081-2100 . " -- "  The Great Lakes , North America 's largest freshwater feature , have recently recorded higher water temperatures and less ice cover as a result of changes in regional climate . " SOUTHEAST The Southeast -- known for its beaches , its seafood and ports , and as home to two of the nation 's major cities -- Atlanta and Miami -- could face risks due to climate change . Sea-level , rise , especially , can affect the region , as well as extreme weather such as hurricanes and heat spells . The risk is intensified in that so many cities , roads , energy facilities and water supplies are on the coast . Opinion : Wake up to the reality The hot weather is only going to get hotter , though the increases for this region are smaller than for some others . Examples from report : -- North Carolina is raising the roadbed of U.S. Highway 64 across the Albemarle-Pamlico Peninsula on the coast by four feet , which includes 18 inches to allow for higher future sea levels . -- "  Louisiana State Highway 1 , heavily used for delivering critical oil and gas resources from Port Fourchon , is literally sinking , resulting in more frequent and more severe flooding during high tides and storms . " -- Utilities will be under more pressure as rising seas means saltwater can contaminate freshwater supplies . -- The summer heat will continue to reduce crop productively and damage crops , as happened in Georgia in 2007 , when a drought cost $ 339 million in losses . NORTHEAST New York . Washington . Some of the country 's most important cities are categorized together in the climate report under the Northeast region . The governmental and financial hubs of the United States will have to withstand heat waves , downpours , and a rising sea level . The Northeast is a highly-urbanized region , where the heat and other climate factors can take a toll on the population . Already , there are examples of cities in this region incorporating the risk into their planning . Industries such as agriculture and fishing will be tested , and farmers can choose to explore alternate crops , but this is not easy or cheap . Examples from report : -- "  One recent study projected that temperature changes alone would lead to a 50 % to 91 % increase in heat-related deaths in Manhattan by the 2080s . " -- Do n't forget about rural areas . Places where air conditioning is not prevalent because heat waves are rare suddenly become vulnerable when such heat events become more frequent . -- "  In New York State , two feet of sea level rise is estimated  absent adaptation investment  to flood or render unusable 212 miles of roads , 77 miles of rail , 3,647 acres of airport facilities , and 539 acres of runways . " -- Higher ocean temperatures mean that commercially important fish will be pushed northward . This means fisheries that depend on cod and lobster face significant declines .	The National Climate Assessment includes regional reports Themes include infrastructure risks from rising oceans , to changing energy needs Forecasts are included for six U.S. regions
New York  CNN  -- Tommy Hilfiger began his career selling jeans out of the back seat of his car in upstate New York . On Sunday night , the designer celebrated the 25th anniversary of his fashion label with 25 limited-edition pieces inspired by American legends . "  It 's been an amazing journey from where I started , " Hilfiger told CNN as looks derived from classic style icons hit the runway . "  Grace Kelly -- we have a halter dress inspired by her and a sleeveless trench , but with a modern twist , " Hilfiger said . Next came a Steve McQueen-inspired navy pea coat , a James Dean-inspired leather motorcycle jacket and a Debbie Harry-inspired hooded sweater . Hilfiger said music , film and pop culture have always helped spark his ideas . In the early days , top rap musicians often sported his label . It symbolized cool street-wear in the 1980s and 1990s . Today 's collection has evolved into a more preppy , country-club , classic look -- but with a rock 'n' roll vibe . "  It 's what I like to call the Tommy Twist , " Hilfiger said , dressed in one of his own looks for the season : red trousers and a navy blue blazer , the epitome of relaxed preppy . In keeping with his pop-culture-infused style , the fashion show 's after-party featured a live performance of critically acclaimed American rock band The Strokes , who made a comeback appearance after years of touring in Europe and Canada . After four years on hiatus while honing their skills on the music festival circuit overseas , the invite-only bash at the Metropolitan Opera House was the perfect opportunity to return home , said Denise Sullivan , a spokeswoman for Hilfiger and the band . "  Tommy has a long history of involvement with rock stars , and The Strokes respect that , " she said . More than 1,200 guests turned out , and -- in typical "  Tommy " style -- the turnout was diverse ; musicians and Hollywood stars mingled with high school teenagers , bankers and airplane pilots . Music legend Russell Simmons and former wife Kimora Lee attended , along with Jennifer Lopez , Serena Williams and Lenny Kravitz . The Strokes performed on the second-tier balcony -- above the Met 's grand , red velvet stairs and beside bold Chagall paintings -- emphasizing again the theme of the evening , the Hilfiger motto of "  classic meets rock . "	The designer 's collection includes looks inspired by Grace Kelly and James Dean He calls his combination of classic looks with a rock 'n' roll vibe "  the Tommy Twist " The Strokes perform at the after-party , with more than 1,200 guests in the audience
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . London  VBS.TV  -- The North West seaside town of Blackpool was once the No. 1 holiday destination for working-class British families . In the 1960s it would attract 17 million of them a year , until cheap , all-inclusive holidays to Spain cut their business in half . They called it "  The Las Vegas Of The North " because of its bright lights and reputation for bawdy thrills . These days the town makes most of its money from old people and "  stag and hen " nights -- drunken pre-nuptial parties with half-naked gangs of drunken lads and lasses falling in and out of strip clubs , sex shops , bars and brothels . They stumble past gift shops selling novelties concerned with sexual organs , like pens shaped like penises and coffee mugs with breasts on them . The town 's like a British version of New York 's Coney Island , with miles of rundown old buildings , tattered and torn and closed-down shops . The unpredictability of the British summer is never kind to Blackpool , and during winter months the place is a ghost town . The wind that blows in from the Atlantic Ocean is perishingly cold . The large amount of cheap bed-and-breakfast hotels in the town attracts a very transient population , a noticeable portion of whom are young men and women in the grips of addictions to heroin . Other residents of Blackpool town center include students who work in the amusement arcades and bars , and there 's a sizeable proportion of aged pensioners who 've retired there . In January 2009 , I went up there with Leo Leigh , with whom I made "  Swansea Love Story , " and we spent a week with Leo 's aunt and uncle in their B&B , getting to know the residents of Blackpool as much as we could . We met old ladies , adult entertainers , clowns , drug addicts , donkey ride operators , criminals and some of the people who run the town 's burgeoning sex shop trade . The other businesses that are doing well are the shops who sell the cut-price alcohol , which are putting Blackpool 's pubs out of business . You could be forgiven for thinking this documentary -- set in January 2009 against the spectre of the bleakest economic climate the Western world has had in living memory -- is one of the most depressing you could ever watch , but there 's a magic about Blackpool that lies in the resilience of its inhabitants and how they 're clinging onto the traditional seaside values that once made them the "  Jewel In The Crown " of British holiday-making . See the rest of Blackpool at VBS.TV	Blackpool was once a popular destination for British families In the 1960s Blackpool would attract 17 million visitors VBS : All-inclusive holidays to Spain eventually cut Blackpool 's business in half Despite their bleak situation , Blackpool 's inhabitants hang on to their traditional seaside values
CNN  -- One week ago , the Michigan House of Representatives was taking up some of the most restrictive anti-choice legislation in the country . It was in the context of this bill that I said , "  Finally Mr. Speaker , I 'm flattered that you 're all so interested in my vagina , but ` no ' means ` no . ' " You can watch me say that here . My comment is made around the 1:50 mark , and you can see exactly how the legislators seated behind me reacted . While there was a scatter of applause from my colleagues , there were no dropped jaws , bulging eyes or fainting . In fact , the only remarkable thing about their response is that there was virtually no response at all . Not until the next day . That 's when I got word that Republican House leaders had banned me and my colleague Rep. Barb Byrum from speaking on the House floor . I was shocked . Given my speech , I could only assume it was because I spoke to my Jewish values or because I had said vagina . But later that day , Rep. Mike Callton told the press that what I had said was so vile , so disgusting , that he could never bear to mention it in front of women or "  mixed company . " Since we share the same religion , I 'm guessing he was n't referring to my kosher sets of dishes . Even though Callton has a bachelor 's degree in biology and worked as a chiropractor , it was the word "  vagina " that did him in . As a storm of protest grew against our silencing and women across the state started to rally around my use of the word vagina , Republicans changed course . They insisted they had no problem with vaginas . Byrum and I were being punished for our lack of decorum . We were accused of throwing a "  temper tantrum . " Take another look at the video . Do you see a temper tantrum ? Does that look like a group of people shocked by what we said or how we behaved ? Vagina enters stage left -- or is it right ? When complaints about our banning picked up pace , Republicans tried again . This time , their story was that I was kept from speaking because I said "  no means no . " As Republicans continued to throw mud against the wall to see what stuck , they only made it worse for themselves . Thousands of women , not only in Michigan but across the country and even around the globe , saw exactly what was going on . What they saw was a male-dominated legislative body going to great lengths to silence two women who dared speak in opposition to a measure that would limit access to our health care . They saw it , and they did n't like it . Among the people watching this unfold was Eve Ensler , who wrote the award-winning play , "  The Vagina Monologues . " Ensler , who has worked for nearly 20 years to empower women and undo the shame many of us are taught to feel toward our bodies , did n't just see a group of mostly male legislators freaking out about "  vagina . " She saw them trying to shut women up at the same time they were trying to pass laws about our health . She would n't stand for it . That 's why she came to Lansing this week to lead a performance of "  The Vagina Monologues . " Thousands of men , women and children showed up to see it and show their support for Byrum and me . In the aftermath of this , Rep. Jim Stamas , whose job it was to issue the edict against me , said he "  honestly had no idea it would become such an issue . " I find it amazing that a fellow legislator would n't understand why it 's outrageous not to just silence me , but my 90,000 constituents . I hope he and his fellow Republicans get it now . If not , the election this November will surprise them even more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Brown .	Michigan state Rep. Lisa Brown said "  vagina " in addressing strict anti-abortion proposals Republicans decried use of the word ; banned her and a colleague from the House floor Women rallied to defend Brown , saying she was silenced for speaking out on health care Republican men did n't get it , and if they do n't wise up , they will lose their seats , she says
Another top Iranian official weighed in Wednesday about the tensions brewing between his country and the United States , the latest salvo in the war of words over the Strait of Hormuz and the Persian Gulf . "  We have always stated that there is no need for the forces belonging to the countries beyond this region to have a presence in the Persian Gulf , " Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said Wednesday , the semiofficial Fars News Agency reported . "  Their presence does nothing but create mayhem , and we never wanted them to be present in the Persian Gulf . " His statement is the latest rhetoric stemming from Iran 's threat last week to close the strategically important Strait of Hormuz . The strait , the only outlet from the Persian Gulf , is a critical shipping lane , with 17 million barrels of oil per day passing through in 2011 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency . Iran threatened to block the strait if sanctions were imposed on its oil exports . France , Britain and Germany have proposed sanctions to punish Iran 's lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . Cmdr. Amy Derrick Frost , spokeswoman for the U.S. 5th Fleet based in Bahrain , responded at the time , "  Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside the community of nations ; any disruption will not be tolerated . " Answering a reporter 's question Wednesday about the closing of the strait , Vahidi said , "  The security of the Strait of Hormuz is one of the issues that Iran is concerned with , and the Islamic Republic has been maintaining this security . " He emphasized that Iran is a regional power and will always protect the strait . "  Of course the enemies try to exaggerate this issue in order to secure weapons sales to the countries of this region , " he said . Vahidi said a number of observers from other countries had been present during Iran 's recent military exercises in and around the strait , and suggested that Iran could hold joint maneuvers with neighboring countries , Fars said . Iran warned the United States on Tuesday not to return a U.S. aircraft carrier group "  to the Persian Gulf region . " Maj. Gen. Ataollah Salehi , commander of Iran 's army , said his country "  will not adopt any irrational move , but it is ready to severely react against any threat , " the Islamic Republic News Agency said . U.S. officials rejected the warning . The commander spoke at the Port of Chabahar in southern Iran , as forces held a military parade the day after Iran ended naval drills in the region , IRNA reported . The USS John C. Stennis , part of the U.S. Navy 's fleet in the region , moved last week from the Persian Gulf into the North Arabian Sea as part of what the 5th Fleet called a preplanned transit . Iran said the ship 's movement in relation to Iran 's naval exercises showed that the United States "  understood " that Iran 's maneuvers were not "  suicidal or aggressive , " but rather about Iran protecting its own "  interests and power . " But Western diplomats last week described the naval drills -- which , according to Iranian officials , included test-firing missiles -- as further evidence of Iran 's volatile behavior . Iran 's naval exercises began in the strait and also included waters in the Sea of Oman and the Indian Ocean up to the Gulf of Aden , according to IRNA . After Tuesday 's warning from Iran , a Pentagon spokesman issued a statement saying "  deployment of U.S. military assets in the Persian Gulf region will continue as it has for decades . " The United States has had forces in the Persian Gulf since World War II . Its ships sail through the Persian Gulf frequently , many on their way to and from the 5th Fleet 's headquarters in Bahrain . The 5th Fleet 's area of responsibility covers about 2.5 million square miles , including the Persian Gulf , which the Navy also refers to as the Arabian Gulf ; the Red Sea ; the Gulf of Oman ; and parts of the Indian Ocean .	Iran 's defense minister speaks out over U.S. warship The Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz are critical areas The United States has had forces in the Persian Gulf for decades
CNN  -- Comprehensive immigration reform has so far eluded President Barack Obama . But with his re-election victory in battleground states propelled by strong Latino support , Democrats and Republicans in Congress have a stronger interest in cultivating support from a group with growing political clout . Here are five reasons why the time may be right for immigration reform to take hold in Washington . 1  The voters have spoken Immigration reform may not have been the biggest issue in the election -- the economy was paramount -- but it is very important to a key segment of voters . Latino voters turned out in force and helped to tip battleground states in Obama 's favor . The number of registered Latinos has increased by 26 % in the past four years to 12.2 million , or 8.7 % of all voters . That means this demographic will only increase its political power . Issues important to this minority logically will become increasingly important to both major political parties . A new electorate has arrived 2  Obama promised but failed to deliver on immigration reform Obama promised to push for immigration reform before the 2008 election and had to answer tough questions from Latinos about why that did not occur . At a forum by the Spanish-language Univision network , Obama was pressed to admit that he had fallen short and took responsibility for a lack of action . But the president also said he did n't promise he would accomplish everything he wanted right away . There also is some Latino disillusionment with the stalled Dream Act in Congress . This proposed law would create a path to citizenship for some young undocumented immigrants . Obama did sign an executive order that defers deportation for undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children , but it did not change current immigration law . The president has said he is ready to act . He told the Des Moines Register in an interview before the election that he believes he will achieve immigration reform next year . Opinion : How progress is possible 3  There is a bipartisan starting point Having bipartisan support for immigration reform will not ensure passage -- it did n't for President George W. Bush in 2007 -- but without it , chances are even slimmer . Just days after the election , a leading Democrat and Republican announced that they hope to start debate this year . Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , the third-ranking Senate Democrat , and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina say they will officially restart immigration reform talks that crumbled two years ago . Schumer told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that he and Graham have a plan designed to appeal to interests on all sides of the highly contentious issue , and he 's optimistic that it can get through a Congress hobbled by political gridlock in recent years . The plan includes four key elements : stronger border security , creation of forgery-resistant proof-of-citizenship documents , fairer legal immigration for desirable candidates , and a "  tough love " path to citizenship for those already in the United States . Opinion : Both parties must lead 4  Republicans want to win a larger share of the Latino vote The election results thrust the immigration issue back into the spotlight partly because Republican nominee Mitt Romney won only 27 % of the Latino vote compared to 71 % for Obama . Why Romney lost The GOP wants to reverse the trend of decreasing Latino support at the ballot box . Already , Republican lawmakers , political commentators and thought leaders have adopted a more conciliatory tone when discussing immigration . Carlos Gutierrez , the former commerce secretary who led Romney 's outreach to Latino voters , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " the candidate "  made some mistakes " during his campaign that ultimately led to a precipitous drop in Latino support . The Republican primary process forced Romney to move to the right on immigration , something that did n't sit well with many Latino voters . To avoid repeating the mistake , Republicans may consider working on immigration reform . 5  Democrats do not want to diminish their share of Latino vote The Democratic Party benefited from Latino votes but that support is not assured in the future , especially if the Republicans move toward the center on immigration . The Obama administration is responsible for a record-setting number of deportations even as it has employed prosecutorial discretion to focus on high-priority cases . The Democrats will have to work with Republicans if they want to reform an immigration system both parties agree is broken . iReport : Under Deportation , Above Fear	Barack Obama promised but could n't deliver comprehensive reform Latinos factored heavily in Obama 's re-election , giving them more political clout In defeat , Republicans may see immigration reform as politically smart
CNN Student News  -- November 7 , 2013 As CNN Student News reports on some election results from Tuesday , we examine what one governor 's statewide electability might indicate about a potential White House run . We also discuss a U.S. Supreme Court case concerning government and religion . Plus , we cover stories about recovered art in Germany and reflected sunlight in Norway . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were producing a news story involving individuals who were hesitant to comment to the media , where would you go for information ? How could you verify that the information you found was correct ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . electability 2 . First Amendment to the Constitution 3 . masterpiece Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What were the results of yesterday 's elections in New York City , Virginia and New Jersey ? 2 . What portion of the year is Rjukan , Norway in the shade ? Why ? How did the town recently address this issue ? 3 . What new details have emerged about alleged player misconduct involving some members of the Miami Dolphins football team ? What did people in the report say about these allegations ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Can local or state elections be considered good predictors for future national elections ? Why or why not ? In your view , what qualities are most important in a candidate for public office ? 2 . How do you interpret the First Amendment as it pertains to religion ? What do you think might be some different perspectives on having a prayer before a public meeting ? 3 . What are some possible outcomes for recovered artwork that was lost or stolen during World War II ? In your view , what should happen to this art ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New York City ; Virginia ; New Jersey Europe Munich , Germany ; Norway FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Manchester United spent almost $ 300,000 on a World Cup winner 's medal owned by one of the English soccer club 's former players at an auction on Wednesday . Nobby Stiles , a member of England 's winning team in 1966 , received a total of # 424,438  $ 669,000  after putting his collection of memorabilia up for sale . United paid # 188,200  $ 297,000  for the 68-year-old 's medal , which surpassed the # 165,00  # 260,000  paid for the medal owned by Stiles ' 1966 teammate Alan Ball in 2005 . Scottish auction house Convery , which was involved in both those sales , said it was a new world-record price for a football medal at auction . Convery said United bought 10 of Stiles ' 45 lots , including his 1968 European Cup winner 's medal for # 49,402  $ 78,000  . The shirt the midfielder wore in that final against Portuguese club Benfica sold for # 30,582  $ 48,000  and his cap from the 1966 Wembley match brought in # 35,287  $ 55,000  . Stiles played 395 times for United from 1960-71 during a 15-year career that later saw him join Middlesbrough and Preston . He had a reputation as a tough-tackling player , whose appearance on the pitch seemed even more fearsome as he did not wear his dentures -- thus exposing the gaps in his teeth . "  We 're delighted to have acquired these items , which possess tremendous historical significance for Manchester United and English football , and look forward to proudly displaying them in our museum , " said a statement on the club 's website . Convery said the shirt worn by Ball in 1966 -- and subsequently swapped after the match with Stiles -- was sold for # 51,755  $ 86,000  at the same auction , which attracted worldwide interest from regions including Australia , Chile and the Far East .	Manchester United to exhibit Nobby Stiles ' memorabilia in club museum after auction Club bought 10 of the former England player 's 45 lots up for sale in Edinburgh The 68-year-old midfielder spent most of his 15-year playing career at Old Trafford He won the World Cup with England in 1966 and European Cup with United in ' 68
The family of Kendrick Johnson filed a wrongful death lawsuit against school officials claiming their lack of action led to his death at the hands of another student . Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in the Lowndes High School gymnasium on January 11 , 2013 . His parents earlier filed a negligence lawsuit against the south Georgia school district claiming it was negligent and violated Johnson 's constitutional right to equal protection based on race . Johnson , 17 when he died , was African-American . The new lawsuit accuses the Lowndes County Board of Education , its superintendent and the high school principal of ignoring reports that Johnson was repeatedly attacked and harassed by a white student . "  As a direct result of and proximate result of defendants ' aforesaid actions and omissions , on or about January 10 , 2013 , Kendrick Lamar Johnson was violently assaulted , severely injured , suffered great physical pain and mental anguish , and subjected to insult and loss of life , all of which took place at the hands of one or more students while on the property of Lowndes High School and during its normal hours of operations , " the lawsuit said . The complaint said school officials knew about an attack on Johnson by a white student during a school bus trip a year earlier and another attack later . The other student "  had a history of provoking and attacking " Johnson at school , the lawsuit said . Johnson was "  victimized " again "  in the presence of the coaching staff and employees " of the school again after his mother complained about the attacks , the suit said . After Johnson was "  improperly accused and blamed for instigating " a school bus fight , school officials refused to let his mother see the bus surveillance video , the filing said . Johnson was "  subjected to undeserved punishment , humiliation and various forms of mistreatment by members of the coaching staff " of the football program , leading to his decision to quit the football team , the suit said . The older brother of the student who attacked Johnson confronted him and told him "  it ai n't over , " the lawsuit said . Feds subpoena Kendrick Johnson 's schoolmates amid probe into teen 's death No school official interviewed Johnson or his friends who witnessed the attacks , the suit said . "  This failure to act despite actual knowledge that Kendrick Lamar Johnson was being harassed departed from the defendant Lowndes County School System 's own established procedures dealing with harassment and mistreatment , including racial discrimination , " the suit said . School officials also failed to "  properly monitor the activities of students throughout all areas " of the campus and to "  maintain a properly functioning video surveillance system , " the family 's suit contends . Investigators with the Sheriff 's Office ruled his death accidental -- concluding that Johnson climbed into the center of the gym mat to reach for a shoe and got stuck . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson believe that their son was beaten to death . They hired an independent pathologist , who found "  unexplained apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the teen 's neck and concluded the death was a homicide . State board : Filling Kendrick Johnson 's body with newspaper not illegal The U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia launched a federal investigation into the case on October 31 , 2013 . Warren Turner , an attorney for Lowndes County Schools , told CNN the school had not been served with the lawsuit so "  it would be premature and inappropriate to make a public comment on this matter at this time . " Sheriff 's office : Claim of confession in Kendrick Johnson death not credible	The lawsuit says school officials ignored repeated attacks by a white student The black teen was found dead in January 2013 in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym A sheriff 's office investigation ruled the death accidental An independent pathologist hired by Johnson 's parents ruled it a homicide
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden sounded like someone who wants to be President when he spoke to CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . He talked about America 's potential and its role as a global leader , as well as his commitment to helping the middle class . He never mentioned the overwhelming early favorite for the 2016 Democratic nomination -- former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . What would the Democrats do without Clinton in 2016 ? Clearly Biden , the longtime senator who now is the White House conduit to blue-collar union workers essential to Democratic support , is seriously considering a presidential run . Asked by CNN 's Kate Bolduan when he would decide , Biden answered a realistic timetable would be the summer of 2015 . That response , and a closer look at Biden 's words Friday , also show that if Clinton decides to run -- as expected -- then Biden will step aside . "  He is effectively saying , look , it depends on what Hillary Clinton decides to do , " noted Gloria Borger , CNN 's chief political analyst . Here are some of Biden 's remarks in the interview with Bolduan , and a look at what he was really saying : 1  "  There may be reasons I do n't run , but there 's no obvious reason for me why I think I should not run . " Biden is hedging his bets . He acknowledges it may not happen , but makes clear the reason wo n't be because he does n't want to or is n't qualified for the job . That 's another way of saying there are circumstances beyond his control , meaning a Clinton decision to enter the race . Supporters are already raising money for the former first lady and senator who served with Biden in President Barack Obama 's Cabinet and would be the nation 's first woman President . First on CNN : Ready for Hillary heads to South Carolina Clinton has said she will make up her mind sometime in 2014 . Polls show her with a commanding lead over other possible Democratic contenders , including Biden . CNN/ORC Poll : Christie 's loss appears to be Clinton 's gain 2  "  Realistically , a year this summer . " Biden 's answer when Bolduan asks for a timetable for his decision is the clearest signal that his choice depends on whether Clinton runs . To Peter Hamby , CNN Digital 's national political reporter , waiting until the middle of 2015 -- just six months or so before the Iowa caucuses -- would be way too late to take on Clinton . "  If these guys are going to get in and run for president , whoever it is , challenging Hillary Clinton , they really have to start laying groundwork , " Hamby said . "  They have to raise money and hire staff and recruit volunteers in these early states . " Hillary Clinton 's Iowa problem As vice president , Biden has the advantage of constant media focus if desired , which would help him maintain a high profile without some of the normal steps of mounting a presidential campaign . That could help if Clinton does n't run and lesser-known contenders such as Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley enter the race . However , Biden 's lag in announcing his candidacy would leave him at a huge disadvantage against a Clinton campaign expected to have the backing of the party machinery . Does Obama secretly support Hillary Clinton for 2016 ? 3  "  Am I the best qualified person to focus on the two things I 've spent my whole life on -- give ordinary people a fighting chance to make it and a sound foreign policy that 's based on national interest of the United States , where we not only are known for the power of our military , but the power of our example . " Biden lays out his rationale for running , stressing his two major strengths as a candidate -- foreign policy and working-class ties . As the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Biden has the necessary foreign policy credentials , particularly against candidate ABC  Anybody But Clinton  . However , her four years as secretary of state negates some or all of a Biden advantage . On appealing to middle class workers , Biden showed his strength in the 2010 and 2012 elections when he went to states such as Ohio where Obama was less popular . In Clinton , though , he would face the wife of former President Bill Clinton , who remains extremely popular among traditional Democratic constituencies . In Friday 's interview , Biden did n't mention Hillary Clinton by name , but she is the biggest factor in whether he goes for it . 4  "  It does n't mean I 'm the only guy that can do it , but if no one else I think can and I think I can , then I will . If I do n't I wo n't . " The vice president sums up his future decision with two qualifiers -- that no else runs who can do what he can , and that he still thinks he can deliver the goods . Biden could decide that he is better qualified than Clinton on what he considers the key issues , but he would have to think twice if her already anticipated campaign has started strongly and generated initial momentum . If he were to run and win in 2016 , Biden would be 74 when he took office , making him the oldest ever to begin a presidency . By the end of his first term , he would be the oldest U.S. President in history . So while he remains energetic and passionate , talking about getting his Corvette Z06 from zero to 60 in 3.4 seconds , the clock is ticking and Biden knows it . A more diverse slate of GOP presidential possibles Christie and Perry : ` They just do n't like each other ' Sen. Paul : Lewinsky scandal still a liability for Democrats Romney on 2016 : ` The answer is no ' Ryan : ` Not closing my options ' Jeb Bush not saying no to 2016	Vice President Biden tells CNN 's "  New Day " he 'll decide on a presidential bid in mid-2015 Biden sounds raring to go , but his words hint Hillary Clinton has the edge Among Democrats , Biden looks good against candidate ABC  Anybody But Clinton If he runs and wins in 2016 , Biden would be the oldest to begin a presidency
PEOPLE.com  -- "  America 's Next Top Model " crowned a winner Wednesday night in its all-stars cycle , but not before a shocking and largely unexplained disqualification of one of the final three contestants . Lisa D'Amato , Allison Harvard , and Angelea Preston were battling for the crown , but after an unusual panel , the judges declared that Preston was disqualified -- without saying exactly why -- and that D'Amato and Harvard would square off for the title . Eventually , D'Amato was named the winner , but the buzz around the Internet continued to focus on the nature of Preston 's dismissal . In a statement , the CW said it had learned information about Preston after the show wrapped that disqualified her , and actually re-shot scenes , suggesting Preston might have been declared the winner the first time around . Report : Candace Bushnell Files for Divorce , Claims Husband Had Affair The network said : "  After production wrapped on the current cycle of America 's Next Top Model , we learned information that made Angelea ineligible and she was subsequently disqualified from the competition . As a result , new scenes were filmed to address this for the audience during the finale . " There has been speculation , not confirmed , that Preston might have bragged about her victory on her Facebook page before the finale , thus breaking the rules of the competition . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CW said it learned information about Preston after the show that disqualified her Preston might have bragged about her victory on Facebook before the finale Eventually D'Amato was named the winner
CNN  -- A former Microsoft executive and his son were aboard a turboprop airline that crashed Friday morning into two houses in East Haven , Connecticut , a family member told CNN . There has been "  no official confirmation or positive identification " that Bill Henningsgaard and his son were on board , but there is no reason to believe that it was not the two of them , his brother , Blair Henningsgaard , said . Also feared dead in the crash were two children -- ages 1 and 13 -- in one house , East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. said . The other house was unoccupied . National Transportation Safety Board investigators can not confirm the number of people killed , saying there are reports of four to six people dead . Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said there could be as many as five people killed in the crash , including up to three people on the plane . But Blair Henningsgaard said only his brother and his nephew were believed to be on the plane . Two bodies were seen inside the home but have n't been recovered because the home is unstable , East Haven Fire Chief Douglas Jackson said at a press conference Friday afternoon . Fire consumed both houses , preventing firefighters from searching for victims , Jackson said , and the basement in the home holding at least two victims was filled with water . Maturo said the children were in one house with their mother when the plane struck shortly before 11:30 a.m. . The mother escaped , he said . "  It 's ... total devastation in the back of the home , " Maturo said . The multi-engine Rockwell International Turbo Commander 690B , registered to Bill Henningsgaard , took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport on Friday morning and crashed while approaching the Tweed New Haven Airport around 11:25 a.m. , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The plane missed its initial approach , which is n't uncommon , said Tweed airport manager Lori Hoffman-Soares . But NTSB investigator Robert Gretz told reporters it was possible the plane was on its first approach . The neighborhood is about a half mile from the airport . One resident said the accident was n't surprising . "  They fly in very low , and a lot of times you can hear the engine cut off before it gets to the runway , " she told CNN affiliate WTIC . The mayor said the airport 's close proximity to residents is n't unusual . "  It 's always a concern , but it 's something that happens in every airport , " Maturo said . Neither the pilot 's identity nor information about how many people were in the plane was immediately available . The fuselage entered one of the homes , Malloy said . The right wing of the airplane could be seen in the smoldering wreckage of one house , and the left wing was in another house . Video from affiliate WTNH showed smoke rising from a heavily damaged house in East Haven , and what appeared to be the tail of a plane nearby . NTSB investigators will examine whether the weather played a role in the crash . It was raining at the time of the crash . Bill Henningsgaard worked for Microsoft for 14 years , beginning in 1988 . He served as vice president of sales for the western United States , Australia and New Zealand . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Chelsea J. Carter , Kevin Conlon and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Between four and six people are believed dead , NTSB says Ex-Microsoft executive was aboard the plane , a family member says Two children , ages 1 and 13 , are believed to have been in the house It was not immediately known if anyone was in the plane along with the pilot
Apple has elicited a lot of hand-wringing by investors and fans alike lately , even as its chief competition Samsung seems to be prompting nothing but applause . Turns out selling a wider variety of phones and tablets is a good strategy after all . While Apple was on its way to the company 's first profit decline in almost a decade during the first three months of the year , Samsung 's net profit grew 42 percent in the same period to 7.2 trillion won -- about $ 6.5 billion U.S. -- from 5 trillion won a year earlier . It was a record-setting quarter for the Korean consumer electronics maker . "  Our business earnings grew from the previous quarter driven by an increase in smartphone sales and decreased marketing expenses , " Hyun Joon Kim , Samsung 's vice president of mobile planning told analysts . In other words , Samsung sold more phones while pumping less money into marketing . Kim further pinned the quarter 's success on sales of its flagship smartphone , the Galaxy S3 , and its oversized Galaxy Note 2 handset . Research firms underscored the two companies ' divergent financial performance with units shipped . "  Samsung shipped almost two times more smartphones and grew nine times faster than Apple during the quarter , " said Strategy Analytics Executive Director Neil Mawston in a report digging into the first quarter . Another research firm , Juniper Analytics , estimates Samsung shipped 68 million smartphones during the first quarter , accounting for approximately 34 % of the 200 million smartphones sold . Apple in contrast , sold north of 37 million iPhones during the same quarter . The quarter met with the guidance Samsung had earlier provided , but it was all the more impressive because the company pulled it off despite being forced to pay out an estimated $ 600 million to Apple , and even before it dropped its next-generation smartphone , the S4 ,  which just went on sale in the United States over the weekend  . The S4 is expected to keep the Samsung streak going , and one would think ought to light a fire beneath Apple . Apple has stubbornly resisted offering a lower-priced iPhone , or a handset with a significantly larger screen-size  older , discounted models do n't count as a true lower price effort  . In the tablet space it has been more willing to experiment , and has had great success with its smaller , and lower priced iPad Mini . But with Samsung on a roll , and showing no signs of letting up on its variety of offerings , Apple may be forced to rethink its strategy . The pressure will be on for Apple to come up with its own plan to expand into new markets , and beyond the premium category that it has dominated for so long . Until it does , you can expect the applause for Samsung to continue .	As Apple sales dip , Samsung continues to climb In first three months of 2013 , Apple sales dipped for first time in a decade During same period , Samsung 's sales were up 42 percent Apple has resisted bigger , and cheaper phones ; Samsung makes a variety
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 36 people were killed and 71 hurt Monday in three vehicle bombings that rocked Baghdad , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . The blasts targeted hotels in central Baghdad . The three explosions happened in quick succession near the Palestine , Babil and Al-Hamrra hotels , the Iraqi official said . Some news organizations have offices in the Palestine and Al-Hamrra hotels .	NEW : More than 70 also hurt in three vehicle bombings in Baghdad NEW : Blasts targeted hotels in Iraqi capital
Chingola , Zambia  CNN  -- It 's 10 minutes after the final whistle has blown but still no one knows whether their efforts have been in vain . The Libyan national soccer team sit in the dressing room at the Nchanga Stadium -- in Chingola , a small copper mining town on the Zambia-Congo border -- quietly waiting for news amidst the fog of sweat and redolence of rubefacient muscle rub . The team has just drawn 0-0 with Zambia in their final qualification match for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations , a qualification campaign that began with the country under the rule of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , continued through the civil war and ended before the death of the former notorious leader . Victory was needed to be sure of progression to next January 's tournament in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon . A draw meant that results elsewhere had to go their way . As their campaign for Africa 's biennial continental championship progressed with war as the backdrop , some players declared the team was behind Gadhafi . Others left the team to go and fight on the front line with the rebels . In unison , somehow , they qualified ; news that will shortly be relayed to the team when confirmation of results from other matches are circulated . Six days earlier coach Marcos Paqueta is in good spirits in the lobby of his hotel in Tunis . The security situation is such that the team could not train in Tripoli . The Brazilian coach once famously won the under 17s and under 20s World Cups in the same year for his homeland , but signed for Libya in June 2010 when the Libyan Football Federation was run by one of Gadhafi 's sons , Mohamed . "  When I was there the first time I contacted only the federation , then one time I have one meeting with Dr Mohamed , " Paqueta explains of his dealings with the Gadhafi regime . "  He was happy because of the project I made for the national team and Libyan football . I focus only on sports . At that time you do n't know about the country . " In the past , the Gadhafi family 's dealings with soccer and its players had been much more hands on . His son Saadi played for Al Ahly Tripoli and installed himself as captain of the national team . The team plummeted to 186th on FIFA 's rankings . But they also used soccer as a political tool . In 2000 Saadi 's Al Ahly Tripoli traveled to Al Ahly Benghazi for a league match . Benghazi had long been associated with Libya 's opposition and the team 's fans paraded a donkey wearing Saadi 's shirt . "  It is a bad story , not a funny story , " says 29-year-old defensive midfielder Moataz Ben Amer , the current captain of Al Ahly Benghazi . "  The first half , Tripoli are winning . But the referee is no good . So Ahly Benghazi goes to the airport -LSB- in protest -RSB- . Saadi Gadhafi turned up with his dogs and the police and said : ` If you do n't play the second half , we will kick you ' . " Unsurprisingly , the players returned to play the second half , and lost 3-0 . Colonel Gadhafi was so incensed that he ordered Al Ahly Benghazi 's training ground to be destroyed . The club was also banned from domestic competition for five years . When Interpol released a "  Red Notice " for Saadi Gadhafi in September , the allegations given were "  misappropriating properties through force and armed intimidation when he headed the Libyan Football Federation . " Paqueta 's early results were encouraging . Libya beat Zambia , one of Africa 's best teams , in Tripoli . But then in February civil war broke out , dividing the players . After Libya had beaten the Comoros Islands in March the team 's former captain , 34-year-old Tariq Taib , declared that the players were 100 per cent behind Gadhafi . He even labeled the rebels "  rats and dogs . " Walid el Kahatroushi disagreed . The 27-year-old midfielder scored in that game but when the team gathered again in June , he decided to leave the camp and fight for the rebels when he heard a friend had been injured in the violence . "  Some people come to me and told me one of my dear friends was in the hospital and lost his arm ... in that moment I decided to leave the camp and join the front line ... in Jebel Nafousa , " explains Kahatroushi . Life on the front line was hard . Friends would shield him from worst of the fighting until , in the end , he felt he had no choice "  When I was there I was just about forgetting about football because the most important thing then is how to secure your life and secure the life of your friends . If it was about me I would never come back , you would never find me here playing football . But ... my friends on the front line told me : ` This is your future , you must go there . This is also like a war for you ' . " Others left for the front line too , like goalkeeper Guma Mousa , but not all were so lucky . Ahmed Alsagir was shot in the shoulder and spent a month in hospital before returning to the front line . By the end of August Gadhafi had been toppled . A week later the team had to play their penultimate qualifier against Mozambique behind closed doors in Egypt . Aside from the trouble of getting the players out of the country , there were some more practical concerns . For one , Paqueta had to hold a clear the air meeting with the squad . The old pro-Gaddafi players were nowhere to be seen . A new kit had to be designed , with the rebel 's flag stitched on to it . The Libyans fought out a 0-0 draw . "  The last game -LSB- against -RSB- Mozambique , it had a big impact on the people in Libya . Everyone was happy and everyone was talking about us , " recalls Kahatroushi . "  We will do everything to qualify , Inshallah , because this will help our country too much . At least to bring them some happiness after all the sadness they have been through . " The journey south to Zambia took almost 24 hours , but the players are ready when they take to the pitch at the packed Nchanga Stadium . Libya 's new captain , 39-year-old goalkeeper Samir Abod is the hero , making three world class saves . The match finishes 0-0 . Some of the players collapse on the floor in tears . Others pray before returning to the dressing room . They wait . The quiet is broken when one of the coaches bursts in and breathlessly delivers the news . The blue-painted room erupts in celebration and song . The rebel national anthem is sung as the new flag is held aloft in the center of the melee . Ghana 's victory and a last-minute equalizer for Guinea against Nigeria means that Libya has , against the odds , qualified for the Nations Cup . As a nation recovers thousands of miles away from the ravages of civil war under the new interim government , Walid Kahatroushi leads the celebrations and the chants . "  The blood of the dead , " they sing , "  will not be spilt in vain . "	CNN travels with the Libyan national soccer team to Zambia The team 's campaign to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations coincided with Libya 's civil war Several of the players had fought on the front line for the rebels The Africa Cup of Nations is one of the biggest tournaments in world football
CNN  -- Scotland 's Andy Murray will face Roger Federer in the final of the Shanghai Masters on Sunday after both men eased past their semi-final opponents in straight sets on Saturday . World number four Murray powered past Argentina 's Juan Monaco 6-4 6-1 in 85 minutes at the Qi Zhong center to reach his second straight final at a Masters 1000 event . Murray broke Monaco 's serve early in the first set to open up a two game lead , but the South American refused to lie down , and when Murray double-faulted to squander his service game in the ninth game , it looked as though the Scot might drop his first set of the tournament . But the 23-year-old did n't panic and broke back instantly to secure the opening set 6-4 . It was one-way traffic from there on in as Murray broke the South American 's serve twice to comfortably secure his passage to the final . "  In each match I felt better . I feel like I move well on these courts and I can still get my serve through the court to get enough free points , Murray said after the match , AFP reported . Murray , who is looking for his second title of the season will face Roger Federer in the final after he beat Novak Djokovic 7-5 6-4 in the second semi-final . The record-breaking Swiss produced some vintage form to overcome Djokovic , who beat Federer in the semi-final at the U.S. Open last month . But it was n't easy going for the former world number one as he took just over an hour to secure the first set . Federer had to save four break points in the fourth game to square up the set 2-2 . And it was n't until the 11th game that the Swiss was finally able to break the Serb 's serve . Federer served out the first set and rammed home his advantage with an early break in the second , which was quickly followed by another . Djokovic claimed one of the breaks back but could n't stop Federer reaching his fourth final of the season . Sunday 's final is a repeat of the previous Masters event in Toronto in August . Murray won that encounter and currently holds a 7-5 career lead over the 16-time grand slam champion . Federer 's semi-final win means he switches places in the world rankings with Djokovic , rising to second , behind current number one Spain 's Rafael Nadal .	Andy Murray will face Roger Federer in Sunday 's Shanghai Masters final Scot beat Juan Monaco 6-4 6-1 ; Federer defeated Novak Djokovic 7-5 6-4 in semi-finals Final is a rematch of previous Masters tournament in Toronto which Murray won
CNN  -- This is the time of the year when NBA executives may get a little religious , praying that the ping pong balls in Wednesday 's NBA draft lottery fall in their favor . Nobody may be praying harder than Michael Jordan , whose Charlotte Bobcats is the losingest team in NBA history . The Bobcats ended the season with a record of 7-59 and finished with an all-time worst .106 winning percentage . For the lottery , the league assigns ping pong balls to the worst performing teams . The poorer a team performed in the season , the more balls it gets . The idea is to help the team get first dibs in the draft and pick up a promising player . The Bobcats ' dismal distinction means it will have a 25 % chance of getting the top pick in Wednesday 's draft lottery -- and the greatest chance at picking Kentucky 's all-world big man Anthony Davis . Davis , a 6-foot-10 power forward who led Kentucky to a NCAA national championship this year , is believed to be the top prospect for any team who wins the first pick in the NBA draft . Last year 's big winner was the Cleveland Cavaliers , which won the first pick despite having the second best odds of getting it . The draft lottery , which determines the order of the first 14 teams drafting in the June 28 draft , will be held in New York Wednesday night and will be televised . Here are the odds of getting the first pick for the 14 teams in the draft lottery , according to the NBA : 1 . Charlotte , 25 % 2 . Washington , 19.9 % 3 . Cleveland , 13.8 % 4 . New Orleans ,13.7 % 5 . Sacramento , 7.6 % 6 . New Jersey , 7.5 % 7 . Golden State , 3.6 % 8 . Toronto , 3.5 % 9 . Detroit ,1.7 % 10 . New Orleans ,1.1 % 11 . Portland , 0.8 % 12 . Milwaukee , 0.7 % 13 . Phoenix , 0.6 % 14 . Houston , 0.5 %	NBA draft lottery is to be held Wednesday night The lottery determines the order of the first 14 teams drafting in the June 28 draft The idea of the lottery is to help poor teams pick up promising players
CNN  -- "  There is a nasty bug going around , " wrote Kelly Ishmael on her blog back in January . "  A lot of my friends have been bitten by it and it is highly contagious . " Indeed , it is contagious -- particularly among women . Some might call it addictive , even . Nevertheless , no , this article does n't belong in the health section . Because the bug that 's infected Ishmael , her friends and thousands of women around the world is called Pinterest . And there 's no known cure . Pinterest , for the uninitiated , is a highly visual website that lets users collect -- or "  pin " -- items from around the Web . The main thing that separates it from older social bookmarking sites , such as del.icio.us , is its emphasis on images . And it 's that visual interest that makes Pinterest -- created by three men , by the way -- so popular among women , whether they 're planning a wedding or looking for a craft to try with their girlfriends . Pinterest grew 400 % from September to December last year , and the site 's users are about 58 % women . Why the appeal ? Pinterest user and social media consultant Colleen Pence thinks she knows the answer : "  Everything on Pinterest looks so appealing , so gorgeous , so effortless , " she wrote on CNN iReport . "  And somehow merely viewing these amazing things makes us feel that we can elevate ourselves and -- heck -- our lives to that level of sophistication , creativity and beauty if only we could make/wear/cook / say/invent those things too . " Pinboards , then , serve as inspiration for those who create them . But do those beautiful boards result in any real-life change or creativity ? Pence is skeptical , and even Pinterest addict Ishmael admits that she usually spends more time pinning than doing . "  The problem with Pinterest , though , is that I spend a lot of time pinning , pinning , pinning and not enough time trying , trying , trying , " she wrote on her blog . So she decided to challenge herself with a venture she 's calling 52 Weeks of Pinspiration , during which she 'll try out a different Pinterest-inspired project each week and blog about her experience and results .	Pinterest is a rapidly growing , highly visual online "  pinboard " Users can collect items from around the Web and share them with friends The site has gained quite a following in the crafting and DIY community Browse the gallery above to see real-life projects inspired by images found through Pinterest
CNN  -- It 's the biggest stage in the world of college football . The talented students from Florida State and Auburn who charge onto the field Monday night in Pasadena , California , will know that nothing in their lives may ever top this feeling . For the great majority of the seniors who wo n't go on to play professionally , this will be the last time in uniform . I 'm not referring to the football players . The Florida State Seminoles and the Auburn Tigers will be competing for the national championship , and their head coaches , Jimbo Fisher and Gus Malzahn , have been getting them ready for the game . But there are two other groups of students from those schools who also will step onto the bright green floor of the Rose Bowl on Monday night . Those squads are even larger in number than the football teams , and , although they draw considerably less national attention , they have been preparing just as diligently . "  It starts with practices in the heat of the Alabama summer , " said Corey Spurlin , associate professor of music at Auburn and director of the 380-member Auburn University Marching Band . "  Just like the football players , our musicians are at the very peak of their abilities , " said Patrick Dunnigan , professor of music at Florida State University and director of bands , including the 400-member Marching Chiefs . With kickoff approaching , I got in touch with Spurlin and Dunnigan because the months of work put in by marching band members at schools across the country often gets overlooked . They are a major part of the pageantry of college football , but in recent decades the television networks have all but ignored them most of the time . If the performance of the marching bands at college games each Saturday gets a few seconds on the TV broadcasts , they count themselves lucky . "  Generally , if we do get airtime , it 's very brief , minimal , " said Auburn 's Spurlin . "  We 'd love to be able to share what we do with more people . " Florida State 's Dunnigan said : "  The kids in the band do n't know any different . I grew up in a world where the halftime shows were seen on TV , but that 's over . " The replacements on television have been studio shows with analysis , replays and highlights of other games ; the studio shows are lucrative revenue generators , attractive for commercial sponsors , and the switch away from the field at halftime is almost instant on most telecasts . Still , the audiences inside the stadiums are massive . Florida State 's home stadium seats more than 82,000 ; Auburn 's seats more than 87,000 . The Rose Bowl , where Monday 's national championship game will be played , seats more than 90,000 . Few bands of any kind ever get to play in front of that many people . Bruce Springsteen and the Rolling Stones might even be a bit envious . The musicians , although they do their work on the same gridirons as the football players , are not recognized around campus the way the star quarterbacks or linebackers are . "  With 380 musicians in the band , not many people can pick out their faces , " Spurlin said . And as far as the scholarships and perks that go with big-time college football programs : Forget it . At Florida State , Dunnigan said , not only are there no marching band scholarships , but "  the student musicians pay for the work they do -- the band is a one-credit class , so they 're paying tuition to be in it . We 're kind of proud that the members of the band are there by choice . " At Auburn , Spurlin said , the budget that is available for the marching band 's expenses goes only so far ; the university provides the band 's uniforms , "  but the members of the band have to pay for the cleaning , " and they have to get their uniforms to the laundry after the games . The intangible rewards , however , are ample . "  The individual challenge is to play the instruments as well as they can , to lock into the formations as well as they can , " Dunnigan said . "  The big picture is when they look at the crowd , see the fans clapping , watch the football team waving at them . The feeling is being a part of something huge . " Spurlin said the friendship and the time together is something irreplaceable , something the band members will take with them for the rest of their lives . Very few members of the marching bands go on to careers as professional musicians . "  Some will go on to teach music , " Spurlin said , "  but for most , they bless us with their talent while they 're here , and then they graduate and do something else for a living . " Dunnigan said : "  I hope that , in 10 years , some who are in the band now will still play their instruments in church , or in a community musical group . " The physical challenges can be daunting : "  We come onto the field in a high-step jog , with legs all the way up , " Spurlin said . "  They 're wearing long-sleeved cadet-style uniforms , heavy hats , and carrying their instruments , and for a 1 o'clock game in Alabama , it can be 98 degrees down on the field . " Dunnigan and Spurlin both said that , each year , there are some musicians who are supremely talented , but who just ca n't play their instruments well while marching quickly in formation . There also are some who are brilliant at close-order drills , but whose musicianship does not match their strutting skills . The directors have to tell them that they have n't made it onto the bands . With hundreds of band members on the field , if one musician hits a clunky note or takes a false step , the football fans up in the seats may not notice . But the other band members do , as do the band directors . "  We 're all attuned to it , and we know , " Dunnigan said . "  The accuracy of the notes , the formations to lock into , the crescendos -- we know right away when something 's off . " Spurlin said : "  Our standards for ourselves are high . We teach a precise work ethic , a pride , that we hope will carry over to whatever the musicians do after they leave here . " As the seniors in both schools ' bands , like the seniors on both schools ' football teams , soon will do . But first there is Monday night 's game . Each band has been allocated six minutes to perform before kickoff , when , as they march , they will play their schools ' traditional fight songs . At halftime , each band gets eight minutes ; among Auburn 's selections , Spurlin said , will be music from stage shows that became popular movies . Dunnigan said that the Florida State band will also include movie music : the James Bond theme , among other songs . And then , for the musicians whose final season this is , it will be over . "  The value of all this will become more apparent to them as the years go on , " Dunnigan said . Spurlin said that when graduating band members tell him that being on the squad has been the time of their lives , he tells them he hopes that turns out not to be true . "  I thank them , but I tell them that I do n't really want that for them . I tell them that I hope they will have many , many special moments after they leave college . I tell them that I hope the times of their lives -- the spine-chilling , best moments -- are still ahead of them . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Two other teams will take the field at Monday 's college football championship game Bob Greene writes that it 's a big evening for the Auburn , Florida State marching bands Greene : They likely wo n't be featured on TV , but their hard work deserves praise
Washington  CNN  The unraveling security situation in Yemen -- the same country President Barack Obama cited as a model for his fight against ISIS -- could throw the President 's counterterror message into question ahead of Tuesday 's State of the Union address . In Sanaa on Tuesday , the presidential palace was overrun by Shiite Houthi rebels , a situation the country 's minister of information described as the "  completion of a coup . " That 's a problem for the United States , which has relied on the government in Yemen as an ally in battling the al Qaeda affiliate that 's based there . A power vacuum could benefit al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , the terrorist offshoot that U.S. officials consider the most dangerous branch of the global jihadi network . Obama himself cited the U.S.-Yemen partnership when he announced in September he was going after ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria . Explaining why he was ruling out sending American troops to fight ISIS , Obama said he was modeling his strategy after what he said were successful efforts in Yemen and Somalia to partner with governments to go after terrorists . "  This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us , while supporting partners on the front lines , is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years , " Obama said on September 10 . "  It is consistent with the approach I outlined earlier this year : to use force against anyone who threatens America 's core interests , but to mobilize partners wherever possible to address broader challenges to international order . " What that strategy relied on , however , was a strong partnership between the United States and the existing government in Yemen , led by President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . Hadi reorganized Yemen 's military to better go after AQAP , a strategy that worked for a time . But the plan was waylaid when resources were diverted to battle the militant Houthis , a Shiite group who say they feel marginalized in the majority Sunni country . Republicans have seized upon the latest news from Yemen to illustrate their opposition to Obama 's terrorism strategy . Sen. John McCain , now the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , tweeted "  The ` success story ' of Yemen continues to unfold " on Tuesday , followed by a link to a news report about the violence there . When pressed by CNN in September whether U.S. efforts in Yemen could be described as a "  success , " the White House said the strategy there has worked . Yemen is "  a place where the American counterterrorism strategy that has been put in place by President Obama has succeeded in degrading the threat that those organizations pose to the United States , " press secretary Josh Earnest said . "  We intend to implement an analogous strategy against ISIL . " During Tuesday 's State of the Union , Obama will "  talk broadly about our counterterrorism strategy as part of our national security strategy , and as part of our way to make sure American principles are held up throughout the world , " according to White House spokesman Eric Schultz . A senior administration official said Obama was being updated on the situation in Yemen by his national security team . "  We strongly condemn the violence and those stoking it in an effort to disrupt Yemen 's political transition . We will continue to support efforts to bring about a peaceful solution , " the official said .	President Obama had cited Yemen as a success story in fight against terrorists The United States had been working with Yemen 's government Houthi rebels took over the presidential palace in Yemen , official says
CNN  -- What happens to the bar of soap you barely used the last time you checked into a hotel room ? Most certainly it 's gone to waste at the end of each day . This was a shocking revelation for Ugandan humanitarian and social entrepreneur Derreck Kayongo during his first stay in a U.S. hotel in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in the early 1990s . "  When i checked into the hotel , there were 3 bars of soap - there was body soap , hand soap and face soap and that did not include the shampoos - and so for me that was a new experience , I was thinking to my self , "  why do they have soap for every part of their bodies ? " Kayongo recalls . "  Now , my goodness , why would you throw away such a resource ? " The striking realization stayed with Kayongo , a Ugandan native who spent much of his childhood as a refugee in Kenya , and prompted him years later to create the Global Soap Project . The non-profit organization reprocesses used soaps from hotels around the United States and turns them into new bars for impoverished nations such as Uganda , Kenya , Haiti and Swaziland . Kayongo says an estimated 2.6 million bars of soap are discarded every day from hotels in the United States -- collecting such an enormous amount of soap , he notes , can help poor countries fight disease and combat child mortality by improving access to basic sanitation . "  We have more than two million kids that die every year to lower respiratory diseases like diarrhea , " says Kayongo . "  If you are able to put a bar of soap in every child 's hand , you are able to reduce infectious diseases like diarrhea and things like typhoid and cholera by 40 % . "  So the intervention became immediate for me and that 's when I thought we have a solution for kids in Africa , Latin America , Asia that die every year . " Based in Atlanta , Kayongo started the Global Soap Project in 2009 by going door to door , pitching his lifesaving idea to local hotels . So far , some 300 hotels across the United States have joined Kayongo 's cause , enabling him and his team to reprocess thousands of soap bars and ship them to 18 developing countries . The recycled soap is only released for shipment once a sample is tested for pathogens and deemed safe by a third-party laboratory . The Global Soap Project then works with partner organizations to ship and distribute the soap directly to people who need it for free . Last summer , Kayongo personally delivered 5,000 bars to Kenya Relief , Brittney 's Home of Grace orphanage . "  When I took the soap to the orphans and they smelled the bar of soap , ah , you could see the joy -- those little messages of hope is what people need when they are between a rock and a hard place , " he says . The son of a soap maker , Kayongo has experienced what it is like to live in tough conditions . His happy early childhood in the 1970s was suddenly brought to an end after Uganda 's President Idi Amin waged war against Tanzania . Kayongo and his parents soon fled to neighboring Kenya to escape the horrors of conflict and witnessed first hand the struggle to survive without access to basic necessities . "  When you have come from a home that you knew , you 're used to your food , your friends ... to move from that to become a nobody and to literally be called a refugee is as dramatic as it gets . " He got a new chance in life through education , first in Nairobi and then in the United States . Today , he runs the Global Soap Project from a warehouse in Atlanta , with the help of volunteers from all across the United States , determined to improve the quality of lives in the developing world . "  When I was a refugee , a pen pal letter was all I needed to get through the day , " he recalls . "  If the bar of soap is going to help them get through the day then good , but our final goal is to change behavior and make sure they wash up and to stop diseases like diarrhea from infecting people and killing people -- that is our ultimate goal , we have yet to achieve that . " Last year , Kayongo was a top 10 finalist for the CNN Hero of the Year award . The recognition , he says , has boosted the popularity of the Global Soap Project , helping him and his team to promote the cause for better sanitation . "  We are seeing an up tick of the number of hotels that are registering with us , " he says . "  We are seeing a lot of volunteers coming to work with us , so there is a lot of traffic happening right now for us and that is going to help us make more soap . " Despite all the success , Kayongo is determined to continue dedicating time and effort in his cause . He says his goal for this year is to make a million bars of soap . "  If you want to do big things and you want to bring big change then you have to be able to give in a big way , " he says . "  It 's important to understand what this is about -- people coming together globally to connect the dots . "  So I say ` travel , use the soap ' because that soap goes eventually to help refugees , orphans . This is not about Africa per se , it 's about the collective good as humans to solve problems and that 's what we are trying to do . "	Derreck Kayongo is the creator of the Global Soap Project The group recycles discarded hotel soaps and sends them to impoverished countries Born in Uganda , Kayongo was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011
Political ads on the airwaves have been so pervasive this year that voters in battleground states probably see them in their sleep . But when a political spot pops up while surfing the Web , there 's a good chance it 's aimed right at you . The practice is called microtargeting and like a lot of marketing techniques on the Internet aimed at identifying consumer tastes and behaviors , it is an information-age approach that is helping change how political groups identify and interact with voters . Moreover , microtargeting may give pollsters , campaigns and interest groups a sharper idea of how candidates and issues may fare at the ballot box , raising concerns about personal privacy in a medium where government regulation is minimal . Obama , Romney make a mad dash in a final bid for votes In fact , "  there is none , " said Chris Calabrese , legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union . "  Anonymity has been crucial to our political process . It 's the reason for the secret ballot , it 's the reason the Federalist Papers were anonymous , " he said . Surfing the Web leaves a trail of browser history that allows marketing companies to glean insight into personal interests . Do you read The New York Times or watch Fox News ? Do you have children ? Do you shop in high-end stores or hunt for bargains on eBay ? Do you support the Sierra Club or Club for Growth ? Political strategy firms like Democratic DSPolitical and Republican CampaignGrid are gathering or buying up that data . They then match it to the publicly available voter rolls that were digitized as a part of a new federal law aimed at efforts to help improve voting procedures after the ballot controversies of the 2000 election . What these firms receive is detailed information about how often a potential voter has cast a ballot in addition to data on what they read , where they shop and other consumer behavior tracked for decades off line . Jim Walsh of DSPolitical said the company has so far aggregated more than 600 million cookies -- or tags on Internet user IP addresses that track movements online -- and has worked to match them against lists of some 250 million voters in the United States . This all is aimed at helping them determine how someone might vote and then reaching them wherever they go online . Micro-targeting offers clues to early vote leads It is so efficient and such a natural extension of direct mail that Walsh called the way microtargeting is being used today "  inevitable . " In response to privacy advocates , CampaignGrid President Jordan Lieberman and Walsh said they are n't doing anything that has n't been done before . "  The data has been commercially available data for years -- we 're not targeting you by who you voted for ; we 're targeting you if you tend to vote or participate in the democratic process , " Lieberman said . And he said these strategies infringe less on privacy because they do n't use names or physical mailing addresses like direct mail . "  The reality is that we are more focused on privacy and we have more privacy protections than direct mail ... has used for decades , " Lieberman said . This they said is because lists generated from browser histories are stripped of any personal information before they are used to target potential voters . Both companies said they use a third party vendor to remove that data and match the files . Lieberman would n't identify CampaignGrid 's vendor , calling it "  part of the special sauce . " DSPolitical and CampaignGrid are n't the only ones in the game . Final CNN/ORC national poll : It 's all tied up Google , Facebook and other data powerhouses are also in on the action , albeit in a different way . For instance , Google said it does n't collect or allow its advertisers to use personally identifiable information , including political information , to reach potential customers or voters . But it does allow marketers , political or otherwise , to target its users based on specific demographic information . The company launched its Google Political Toolkit and campaign tools via YouTube , offering candidates the chance to "  promote your videos using Google AdWords for video to reach exactly the audience you want -- by age , gender , location or other criteria . " Facebook is also using its vast amount of personal information during the election . Currently there are more than 110,000 political Facebook pages in the United States and more than 11,000 U.S.-based pages for politicians , according to a Facebook spokesman . While Facebook does n't hand over personally identifiable information , it does allow advertisers to seek out subsections of the population based on their preferences on Facebook . ProPublica also reported on how other search engine giants are selling their users ' browser history to campaigns . What companies , who follow a model of self regulation , and campaigns are doing is n't popular with the public . When asked if they wanted "  political advertising tailored to your interests , " 86 % of Americans surveyed said they did not , according to a study from the University of Pennsylvania 's Annenberg school of Communication released last July . Provisional ballots could be key if Ohio margin razor thin Sixty-four percent said their support for a candidate would decrease if they found out a candidate was microtargeting them differently than their neighbor . The study also found that 20 % more respondents reacted more strongly to political targeting than they did to being targeted as a consumer . "  There 's a lot to say in favor of campaigns targeting voters in this way ,  but  there is a lot to be concerned about , " said Eitan Hersh , a political science professor at Yale University who studies the impact of microtargeting on campaigns and the political process . "  People like being targeted in many ways , " said Hersh . "  Many people like that Amazon knows what kind of books they like . If a campaign knows that you 're of this religion and this race and went to college , you 're likely to have a different set of values ... the campaign is likely to reach out to you on those attributes . " But there is always a danger that the campaign will misfire or that the ads will seem like "  pandering , " Hersh said . "  The downside , of course , Is that we might not like being stereotyped , " he explained . Still , microtargeting makes an uphill process easier for the campaigns , especially at the presidential level . "  How do you start by trying to convince 200 million people that you they should vote for you ? " asked Hersh . "  The task is hard . Data helps and permits campaigns to talk to people about issues they care about , " he continued . And the data does help . Know your polling place Besides ads that show up before a YouTube video or banner ads on the websites users visit , they dictate scripts that door-to-door canvassers read . They also improve efficiency of campaign voter turnout efforts and reduce costs since ads online are significantly less expensive than television spots . In the age of DVR , microtargeting can also guarantee that voters actually see campaign ads . "  We can serve a pre-roll video ad , " Walsh said , referring to ads viewers see before videos online , "  which is great stuff , it forces you to watch it before you get to your content . The big problem for advertisers these days is that everyone is fast forwarding through their videos . " A sign of how often these ads are used by political campaigns -- "  online video inventory has been sold out , " Lieberman said , in many of the key battleground states looking into the final days of the campaign . Privacy and civil liberties activists do n't propose shutting down online advertising . Instead , they favor an opt-in versus the opt-out option currently available to consumers and voters -- a "  Do Not Track " mechanism . Calabrese says the trick is not getting browsers to add the mechanism , but getting other Web companies to agree to it . Yahoo recently said it would not honor the "  Do Not Track " button Microsoft is installing in Microsoft Explorer 10 . Could close race produce a popular/electoral vote split ? "  The pushback has been that there is a business model out there that wants to track you all the time , " Calabrese said . "  They can wring more and more advertising dollars out of you . " But do n't look for this practice to end . Lieberman says it 's just the beginning . Looking toward the next election cycle , CampaignGrid signed a deal with AT&T combining AT&T 's mobile network with its online voter data files . The next frontier is to reach voters with ads on their "  IP-addressable " television sets , serving the same targeted ads that people see online , during the commercial breaks on their favorite shows . And Lieberman says they are adding data crunching power to what he calls "  rich data sets . " As Duke political science professor Sunshine Hillygus said , "  There 's no turning back on microtargeting . " Why they ca n't break margin of error	Campaigns use microtargeting to reach key voting blocs in key battleground states Firms match voter lists to browser history to find potential voters Many of the largest search engine companies are in on the microtargeting game 86 % of Americans say they object to targeted political advertising
CNN  -- Apple gave you FaceTime . Now Google is countering with Face Unlock . Google teamed up with Samsung this week to unveil the Galaxy Nexus , an ambitious smartphone they hope will make a run at the iPhone while serving up Ice Cream Sandwich , a new version of Google 's Android mobile operating system . Released Wednesday in the wake of the iPhone 4S 's big splash , the Galaxy Nexus is the first phone designed specifically to run Android 4.0 . It 's scheduled to go on sale in November , although pricing has n't been announced . In Google fashion , the phone 's software has its own tasty-treat nickname . And while Google keeps maintaining that all phone makers get equal access to its Android releases , it 's clear that the company has a special place in its heart for the Galaxy Nexus , and possibly even hopes of a flagship phone to challenge the crowd from Cupertino . "  Galaxy Nexus is n't just a smartphone -- it 's beyond smart , " Google Senior Vice President Andy Rubin wrote on the company 's blog . "  Ice Cream Sandwich gives you complete control over the amount of mobile data you use by helping you better understand and manage it . " One of the new system 's fanciest features , shown off at an unveiling Wednesday in Hong Kong , is Face Unlock . Thanks to facial recognition software , the feature lets users unlock the phone by showing it their face instead of tapping out a password . It 's worth noting that , in awkward fashion , it took two or three tries to get Face Unlock to work during a demo at the Hong Kong event . Until that happens in the real world , we 'll give them the same opening-day pass that Steve Jobs got for iPhone 4 connection glitches  . It also has what 's being called Google Beam , an app that lets users share contacts , apps , websites and other data between two Android phones by simply holding them near each other . And while there 's nothing as sexy as Siri , the iPhone 4S 's voice-activated "  personal assistant , " the phone does feature "  voice typing , " which allows users to speak to create text messages , e-mails and the like . The Galaxy Nexus features a big , 4.65-inch display screen  the new iPhone 4S 's is 3.5 inches  , 32 GB of storage and a dual-core 1.24 GHz processor . It has a 5-megapixel camera , which is on par with the iPhone 4 but lags behind the 4S 's 8-megapixel version . Google and Samsung counter with claims of zero shutter lag  a frequent iPhone complaint  , autofocus and panoramic photo capabilities . Early response to the phone , and the operating system , has been positive . "  While hardware junkies like myself may have spent the past few weeks drooling over the Galaxy Nexus , the onstage demo of Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich proves that the software powering the device is just as impressive , " Chris Velazco wrote for TechCrunch . Google says that Ice Cream Sandwich is the first operating system optimized for both smartphones and tablets . They say it has dramatically improved the touchscreen keyboard , made notifications more interactive and created resizable widgets , among other upgrades . All of which is well and good , of course . But the question remains : Is this the phone to go head-to-head with the market 's 800-pound gorilla , the iPhone ? The Android system as a whole has come on like gangbusters . Phones running the system make up about 43 % of the multibillion-dollar smartphone market , compared with the iPhone 's 18 % . But that 's spread out over dozens of phones from multiple manufacturers and ranges from top-of-the-line offerings to cheap , slapped-together handhelds . Google basically takes bids each year for a manufacturer to make its Nexus phone . That 's after the company 's attempt to produce its own , the Nexus One , fizzled and died in remarkably short order . No single Android phone has captured the public 's imagination like the iPhone , a fact that Google would love to change . "  Ice Cream Sandwich could provide the critical push in the race to catch Apple , " Mark Newman , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , who is based in Hong Kong , told Bloomberg Businessweek . "  Apple 's software is still on the cutting edge . "	Google , Samsung unveil Galaxy Nexus phone and Android 4.0 , or "  Ice Cream Sandwich " The new Nexus phone has a big , 4.65-inch screen and is first to run new system New Android operating system is designed for both smartphones and tablets Android phones dominate market , but no single phone has rivaled Apple 's iPhone
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East travels to Beirut , the cosmopolitan , multi-lingual capital of Lebanon . Beirut 's popularity among expatriate residents has not waned , despite the increased fears of instability spilling over from the conflict in neighboring Syria . Host Arwa Damon explores Beirut , discovering why the "  Paris of the Middle East " is so appealing to foreign residents of the city . Expats may be flocking to Beirut , but not everyone is welcome . Many economic migrants in Beirut struggle with racism on a daily basis . Lebanon 's minister of tourism says the country has implemented a zero-tolerance policy towards racism -- but Damon finds out why it 's going to take more than legislation to change the attitude of the Lebanese . We also explore the rights of women in Lebanon , a nation traditionally known for its tolerance towards the opposite sex . Women 's rights activists say they have a false sense of freedom . There are few laws in Lebanon protecting women from domestic abuse and hardly any representation in parliament , but some Lebanese women are now demanding change . Finally , the program meets the alternative rock band Mashrou ' Laila , a group of seven 20-somethings living in Beirut . Mashrou ' Laila has become a major hit in Lebanon by taking on taboo topics in their music , singing about everything from politics to homosexuality . SHOWTIMES Wednesday February 6 : 1030 , 1730 ; Saturday February 9 : 0530 , 1930 ; Sunday February 10 : 1330 ; Saturday February 16 : 1330 ; Sunday February 17 : 0530 , 1930	IME discovers why Lebanon 's capital is such a popular choice among expatriates Arwa Damon talks to a female population in pursuit of better women 's rights Hit Lebanese rock band Mashrou'Laila talks to IME about their popular music
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday proposed a package of measures that would provide at least $ 58 million in additional funding for oil spill relief efforts and raise the tax that oil companies pay to maintain an emergency fund . In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi requesting congressional approval of the package , Obama said oil giant BP -- which owns the leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico -- was responsible for all cleanup costs . In addition , Obama said , the government would seek full compensation for all damages from BP . "  We can not allow the potentially protracted pursuit of claims to prevent us from swift action to help those harmed by this spill , " Obama said in the letter . The proposals would increase by 1 cent the current tax of 8 cents a barrel that oil companies pay into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund , and also increase the amounts that could be spent from that fund on single incidents . Efforts to staunch the gusher continued Wednesday . The "  top-hat " oil containment device has reached the sea floor and should be in position over the wellhead and operational by the end of the week , BP said . A larger containment vessel was unsuccessful in stopping the flow of oil from the gusher about 5,000 feet underwater . The spill is sending 210,000 gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico each day . The "  top-hat " cofferdam , a 5-foot-tall , 4-foot-diameter structure , weighs less than 2 tons . The structure was deployed by the drill ship Enterprise . BP built the smaller dome after a much larger , four-story containment vessel , designed to cap the larger of two leaks in the well , developed glitches Saturday . Ice-like hydrate crystals formed when gas combined with water and blocked the top of the dome , making it buoyant . The new device would keep most of the water out at the beginning of the capping process and would allow engineers to pump in methanol to keep the hydrates from forming , said Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer for exploration and production . Methanol is a simple alcohol that can be used as an antifreeze . Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar said the success of this latest attempt to cap the well could be known in the next few days . "  On this Thursday , we should know whether or not this alternative top-hat cofferdam is going to work , " Salazar said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  And then the next key date is Saturday , because by Saturday they will have the diagnostics completed through X-rays and gamma rays and pressure ratings to be able to make decisions about what the next steps are . " If attempts to cap the well fail , BP may try to plug the leak by shooting debris -- shredded tires , golf balls and similar objects -- under extremely high pressure into the well 's blowout preventer in an attempt to clog it and stop the leak . The blowout preventer has been partially successful in sealing the well , but did not fully close when the rig exploded and sank . Suttles said BP also is drilling a relief well to try to divert the flow to another pipe . "  That started about a week ago , " Suttles said . "  That work continues . The well is at about 9,000 feet . " It may take up to three months to reach the target area , and progress will slow the deeper the drill bit goes , said David Nagel , executive vice president of BP America . Federal investigators are still trying to determine what caused the explosion that sank the Deepwater Horizon , which was owned by BP contractor Transocean Ltd. . The oil rig exploded April 20 and sank two days later , about 50 miles off the southeast coast of Louisiana . BP is legally required to cover economic damages from the spill up to $ 75 million . But Florida Sen. Bill Nelson has introduced legislation that would raise the liability cap to $ 10 billion . iReport : Share images from the Gulf "  If this gusher continues for several months , it 's going to cover up the Gulf Coast and it 's going to get down into the loop current , and that 's going to take it down the Florida Keys and up the east coast of Florida , " Nelson said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . "  And you are talking about massive economic loss to our tourism , our beaches , to our fisheries , very possibly disruption of our military testing and training , " he said . CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama also says U.S. will seek full compensation for all damages from BP "  Top-hat " containment device reaches Gulf floor New device would allow engineers to pump in methanol and keep hydrates from forming Interior secretary : Success of latest attempt could be known in next few days
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. authorities announced new sanctions and criminal charges against a Chinese businessman who the U.S. says supplied the Iranian military with parts for ballistic missiles and other equipment . Prosecutors in the Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office on Tuesday unsealed an indictment against Li Fangwei , also known as Karl Lee , accusing him , his companies and associates of money laundering and wire fraud , and of being part of a ring that evades sanctions to supply Iran 's missile program . The Treasury , Commerce and State departments also announced new sanctions against Li and his companies . The State Department also announced a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest , and the U.S. has sought an Interpol red notice to seek his detention . Chinese authorities are n't expected to turn over Li to face charges , so the actions by the U.S. for now are only likely to make it difficult for him to travel outside China without fear of arrest . Li was indicted in 2009 by a grand jury on charges brought by the Manhattan district attorney , accusing him of using false names to process payments of sales to Iran through New York banks . Treasury officials also sanctioned him in 2006 , seeking to cut him off from the U.S. financial system . Despite those sanctions , U.S. authorities say , Li 's companies and their Iranian partners used new shell companies and other ways to continue to do business . He told Reuters in 2013 that his companies did only legitimate business with Iran , selling steel and other metals .	U.S. authorities announce new sanctions and criminal charges They say Li Fangwei supplied Iran 's military with parts for ballistic missiles , other equipment Li , his companies and associates are accused of money laundering , wire fraud The Chinese are n't expected to turn Li over to the U.S.
London  CNN  -- Michael Adebowale , 22 , has been charged with murder in the hacking death of British soldier Lee Rigby earlier this month on a London street , Metropolitan Police said late Wednesday . Adebowale will appear in court on Thursday . He was one of two people -- along with a 28-year-old man whom family , friends and acquaintances have identified as Michael Adebolajo -- arrested after being wounded in a confrontation with police after the May 22 attack . Adebolajo has not been formally charged . Adebowale was discharged from a hospital Tuesday and is now in custody at a police station , police said , while the 28-year-old remains hospitalized under guard . Adebowale also is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . The killing of Rigby , who had served as an infantryman in Afghanistan and Cyprus , in the southeast London district of Woolwich shocked people across the United Kingdom . In all , 10 people have been arrested in connection with the killing . Two were released without charges , while six others have been freed on bail -- the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested Monday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . Rigby 's fiancee , Aimee West , told Britain 's Press Association on Wednesday night that she 's "  extremely proud " of him and "  devastated " by his death . Her comments came in a statement to the news service issued through the Metropolitan Police ; while police did n't relay that statement to CNN , they did confirm that they 'd passed on West 's remarks to the Press Association . "  I am moved by all the flowers and tributes , and that he has been remembered by the nation as the great man she was , " West said of her "  loving fiancee . "	NEW : Lee Rigby 's fiancee says she 's "  devastated " and "  moved " by tributes to him Adebowale was one of two wounded , arrested right after the May 22 attack He 's charged with murder and unlawful possession of a firearm , police say He was discharged from a hospital Tuesday , and will appear in court Thursday
CNN  -- As Formula One racer Jules Bianchi continues to fight for his life in a Japanese hospital , his Marussia team says it has been angered by "  a number of media reports " into the cause of the accident . The French driver spun off in rainy conditions in the closing laps of the Japanese Grand Prix and collided head-on with a recovery vehicle . The vehicle was removing Adrian Sutil 's Sauber which had left the track on the preceding lap , prompting double yellow flags to be waved to warn drivers to slow down and be prepared to stop . Various reports suggested that Bianchi did not slow down and that the team had actively encouraged him not to do so . "  The Marussia F1 Team is shocked and angered by these allegations , " said the statement . "  At a time when its driver is critically ill in hospital , and the team has made clear that its highest priority is consideration for Jules and his family , it is distressed to have to respond to deeply upsetting rumors and inaccuracies in respect of the circumstances of Jules ' accident . "  However , given that these allegations are entirely false , the team has no alternative but to address these . "  Regarding point 1 , Jules did slow down under the double waved yellow flags . That is an irrefutable fact , as proven by the telemetry data , which the team has provided to the FIA  world motorsport 's governing body . "  Regarding point 2 , an audio copy of the full radio transmission between Jules and the team , and a written transcript , were provided to the FIA . "  It is quite clear from the transmission and the transcript that at no point during the period leading up to Jules ' accident did the team urge Jules to drive faster or make any comments suggesting that he should do so . " The FIA is investigating the accident and is considering implementing a system which will automatically slow down the cars following a crash . Charlie Whiting , the FIA 's race director and safety delegate , gave a briefing to media in Sochi in which he outlined these plans . He also indicated that Bianchi had slowed down prior to his accident . Bianchi 's family issued an update on the 25-year-old 's condition Tuesday , nine days after his accident at Suzuka . "  As a consequence of the accident at Suzuka a number of medical challenges have needed to be overcome , " the statement issued by Marussia said . "  The situation remains challenging due to the diffuse axonal traumatic brain injury Jules has sustained . "  Jules remains in a critical but stable condition in the Intensive Care Unit of Mie General Medical Center in Yokkaichi . "  The Bianchi family continue to be comforted by the thoughts and prayers of Jules ' man fans and the motor sport community . " There was a moving show of support for Bianchi before the drivers resumed racing for the first time since the accident at the Russian Grand Prix . The Frenchman 's 21 fellow Formula One racers gathered together at the front of the grid in Sochi for a minute 's silence . Earlier , Bianchi 's Marussia team made its own tribute with its sole driver in the Russian race , Max Chilton , holding a pit board which read , "  Racing for Jules . " Lewis Hamilton , who won the race for Mercedes to extend his lead in the drivers ' championship , later dedicated his win to Bianchi .	Marussia says it is "  shocked and angered " by speculation into cause of Jules Bianchi 's crash The F1 team says the seriously-injured racer "  did slow down " before his spun off at Suzuka Marussia adds at no point "  did the team urge Jules to drive faster " Bianchi 's family says his condition remains "  challenging " nine days after his crash in Japan
CNN  -- King Tutankhamun 's golden , mummified remains tell only a partial story of an ancient Egyptian boy king who died under mysterious circumstances . But a new "  virtual autopsy " of King Tut 's body , shown in an upcoming BBC One documentary , has given historians a clearer picture of the young man 's life -- and death . Scientists used CT scans to recreate the first life-size image of Tutankhamun , one of the last rulers of the 18th Dynasty . King Tut ruled from 1333 B.C. until about 1323 B.C. Historians put his age at death at about 19 . Research published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2010 showed that King Tut may have died of malaria , possibly after suffering an infection in his broken leg . As seen in the new virtual autopsy photo , Tutankhamun 's left foot was also severely deformed ; the inward angle suggests that he had a clubfoot . Researchers believe the boy king had Kohler disease , a rare bone disorder . More than 100 walking sticks were found in Tut 's tomb ; historians originally thought they represented his power , but it 's more likely Tut used them to get around . Albert Zink , head of the Institute for Mummies and Icemen in Italy , told The Independent it would have been impossible for the king to have died while riding a chariot , as has been previously thought . "  We concluded it would not be possible for him , especially with his partially clubbed foot , as he was unable to stand unaided . " King Tut replica tomb opens to public Scientists believe genetics and inherited diseases played a role in Tut 's bad health because of inbreeding . A genetic analysis of his family 's mummies suggests that his parents were siblings . "  Tutankhamun : The Truth Uncovered " will air Sunday on BBC . The Smithsonian will also be showing the documentary on November 2 . CNN 's Val Willingham contributed to this story .	Virtual autopsy of King Tut shows Egyptian ruler 's body Scientists used CT scans to create King Tut image Researchers believe King Tut had clubfoot , malaria
CNN  -- They will say this is about one person . It is not . They will attempt to distance themselves from the controversy . But they ca n't . They will even try to claim the whole conversation is a distraction from the "  real issues . " And yet they never shy away from using this same conversation to fire up their base , or hurl attack ads or raise funds . The truth is the "  legitimate rape " comment made by U.S. Rep. Todd Akin -- as in pregnancy from "  legitimate rape " is rare -- is not a GOP anomaly but rather another disturbing glimpse into the viewpoint too many social conservatives have about women 's health and reproductive rights . And if abortion is not among the "  real issues , " why is the GOP platform committee considering adding a ban , with no mention of exceptions , to this year 's to-do list ? Akin defies calls to withdraw from Senate race Last March , in a discussion in the Kansas House about whether women purchase separate abortion-only policies , Republican state Rep. Pete DeGraaf suggested women should plan ahead for rape the way he keeps a spare tire . A few weeks later , Indiana state Rep. Eric Turner , a Republican , said some women might fake being raped in order to get free abortions . Former presidential hopeful Rick Santorum suggested doctors who perform an abortion on a woman who becomes pregnant from an attack should be thrown in jail and this year suggested rape victims who become pregnant from an attack should be forced to keep the baby and "  make the best out of a bad situation . " And we 're to believe Akin is just a one-off . Please . More than 200 Republican members of Congress joined him in co-sponsoring House Resolution 3 , the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act , when it contained language restricting the exception for federally funded abortions to "  an act of forcible rape or , if a minor , an act of incest . " Forcible rape . That 's not too far from "  legitimate rape " So vice presidential hopeful Paul Ryan can try to backpedal away from Akin as fast as he can , but his name is still on the record in support of that bill , with that language . He can say he 's in line with Mitt Romney and would not ban abortions in the case of rape , but it 's his name attached to House Resolution 212 : Sanctity of Human Life Act , which would have done just that . GOP platform committee approves tough anti-abortion stance No wonder Romney chose Ryan as his running mate ; he admires the speed with which the congressman from Wisconsin flip-flops . So yes , the current general election conversation may be largely about Medicare . The dialogue may eventually work its way back to the economy and jobs . But do n't think for a second that social issues -- particularly abortion -- are not in the GOP 's sights . Since the tea party helped pull the GOP back into power in 2010 -- under the guise of controlling government spending -- close to 1,000 anti-abortion bills have been introduced across the country . I ca n't think of anything approaching that number of bills with the goal of creating jobs in that same time span , can you ? At a Personhood USA "  tele-town hall meeting " in December , Santorum , Michele Bachmann , Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry all said they would work to outlaw all abortions , regardless of the circumstances . You can fully expect a Republican Congress to move quickly to ban all abortions , regardless of circumstances . And given that a would-be President Romney said , "  I will protect a woman 's right to choose , " when he was running for Massachusetts governor in 2002 , only to become an anti-abortion advocate while running for president , there 's no telling which side of the issue he will fall on , on any given day . Opinion : GOP policy is the scandal , not just Akin Some social conservatives talk of protecting religious freedom , but what they are really seeking is a theocracy that places limits on freedom based on a version of Judeo-Christianity that fits their liking . That language is also being considered for the GOP 's national platform . Some speak of fighting abortion because of their religious convictions and then belittle the trauma caused by rape . They think they can make this controversy all about Akin , as if Ryan 's legislative history is just going to disappear . As if DeGraaf never suggested women should plan ahead for rape the way he keeps a spare tire . As if none of us are paying attention . But we are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Todd Akin 's "  rape " comment offers glimpse into some conservatives ' views He says Akin 's views politically embarrassing , but such views voiced by others in GOP He says Paul Ryan 's name on anti-abortion bill making odd distinction about "  forcible rape " Granderson : You can expect a GOP Congress to move quickly to ban all abortions
Editor 's note : Hank Sheinkopf , a CNN contributor , is a longtime political consultant who was a member of the media team for President Bill Clinton 's 1996 re-election campaign . Sheinkopf was a media consultant for Eliot Spitzer 's campaign for New York attorney general in 1998 and has represented candidates around the country and the world . He represented Rep. Steve Israel , a Democrat whose name has been mentioned for the New York senate seat , in 2000 , but has n't had a business relationship with him since . Sheinkopf , who also represents corporate clients , does not represent any of the other politicians whose names have been mentioned for the Senate seat . For a rival view , read here . Hank Sheinkopf says Caroline Kennedy has n't earned the nod for a Senate seat from New York . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Judging by the screaming newspaper headlines and the steamy ecstasy of the gossip columns , people from other worlds might presume that it has already come to pass : that a woman who happens to be named Caroline Kennedy was pole-vaulted above the crowd and sent with magic wand and golden slippers to the U.S. Senate from New York , in the hope of saving the Empire State and bringing goodness to all its inhabitants . After all , why should n't she be sent to the Senate ? Her unique experience of writing a book or two , smiling well , appearing from time to time -- but not too often -- at city mayoral news conferences announcing help for those who attend New York City public schools -- and , well , just being a Kennedy -- should suffice . Her social standing alone , some might argue , would give her the advantage of all advantages . A Kennedy . Camelot . Ah ! The greatness of it all ? Not . The man who has to make the decision whether or not New York is to be so vaunted in representation is Gov. David Paterson , the former lieutenant governor who had the fortune of replacing morally triangulated Gov. Eliot Spitzer after Spitzer 's resignation in the face of a publicly humiliating sex scandal . Paterson will have to face the voters in 2010 . So will his pick to fill the seat that will be left vacant after Hillary Clinton is confirmed as secretary of state in early 2009 . The governor 's poll numbers suggest that voters like him . Paterson has taken a tack much unexpected by challenging all to tighten belts , cut spending , pay more fees to the state and get rid of waste after Wall Street 's collapse and the subsequent free fall in tax collections from the financial services business . Paterson could have a tough time . Voters do n't like losing money , they hate losing services , and all the earnest explanations about fighting the good fight together wo n't put better food on the table or pay the bills . He needs someone who can help him win , and he needs someone who can win . He and the senator he chooses will both face the voters together . With that in mind , is Caroline Kennedy the correct choice ? On the issues of the day , Kennedy has been mighty silent . Financial cretins stealing for fun , profit and because they can ? Not a word . The wars ? Syllable-less . Millions of humans evaporated in Africa 's inner madness ? Quiet and silent . The auto bailout ? Nada . The printing of a trillion soon-to-be inflated dollars that will further sap our savings ? On such matters , Kennedy remains absolutely silent . What about the destruction of the economy of western New York ? Does she know that there is a deeply pained world beyond the Westchester County border just a bit north of New York City that benefited little from some fairy-tale place called Camelot and less from well-orchestrated and timed public relations campaigns afforded only by the rich ? Why should Caroline Kennedy be named a U.S. senator ? Is it because merit no longer matters ? Surely , Kennedy offers the dazzle of an unmistakable surname and the kind of celebrity appeal that seems to follow members of the New York social elite . But for the white ethnics who gave their vote to Democrats on the promise of fairness and merit , Kennedy 's star quality may not suffice . The simple fact is that if the governor passes on other options -- candidates , many of whom serve in Congress and have earned their right to represent New York -- then he does so at his own risk . In 1964 , Robert Kennedy wanted then-Sen . Kenneth Keating 's job so badly that he ran for office . President Lyndon Johnson 's landslide victory in New York helped Kennedy win the election , but not before the challenger ran a campaign that made its appeal to voters and proved worthy . His niece has done neither . If Kennedy wants to be New York 's junior senator , she should stand in line and run for office in 2010 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hank Sheinkopf .	Hank Sheinkopf : Some treating Caroline Kennedy 's Senate bid as a done deal He says Kennedy has n't been vocal on many of the key issues we face Sheinkopf : What qualifies Kennedy to be given priority for the vacant seat ? He says Gov. Paterson has to worry about facing voters in 2010
CNN  -- The latest controversy over whether North Korea has the technology to fit a nuclear warhead on a missile is not the first time American intelligence agencies have been at odds in assessing Pyongyang 's capabilities . And it is not the first time the Pentagon 's intelligence arm , the Defense Intelligence Agency  DIA  has been out front in reaching the most alarmist conclusions about North Korea -- one with which other U.S. agencies have disagreed . The DIA assessment , disclosed by a Congressman at a hearing on April 11 , was that the DIA has "  moderate confidence " North Korea has developed a nuclear warhead that can be delivered by a ballistic missile . Within hours , however , James Clapper , Director of National Intelligence , released a statement saying the DIA report did not represent the consensus of the intelligence community , and that "  North Korea has not yet demonstrated the full range of capabilities necessary for a nuclear armed missile , " -- a view echoed by a Pentagon spokesman and the South Korean Defense Ministry . Secretary of State John Kerry also noted that "  it is inaccurate to suggest that the DPRK has fully tested , developed or demonstrated capabilities that are articulated in that report . " READ MORE : Kerry visits South Korea amid North Korea 's nuclear threats The sharply different judgments about Pyongyang 's capabilities recall a similar episode in 1998 , when a fierce debate erupted within the American intelligence community after U. S. spy satellites discovered an underground complex at Kumchangri , not far from North Korea 's main nuclear facility at Yongbyon . The DIA insisted that Kumchangri was a construction site for a secret , underground nuclear weapons facility and that its existence proved Pyongyang was cheating on the Agreed Framework , the Clinton administration 's 1994 deal under which the North froze operations at Yongbyon in return for economic and diplomatic concessions from Washington . "  The DIA was adamant , " then-National Security Adviser Sandy Berger recalled in a 2007 interview for my book , "  Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . " "  They said they could see the roads that were characteristic of this kind of facility , they could actually see that this hole was perfectly suited for a nuclear reactor , " he said . Other intelligence agencies at the time , including the CIA , were more skeptical . "  I looked at the evidence , " one senior Clinton administration official told me during research for my book , "  and I could easily see innocent explanations for virtually everything they pointed to . And others in the intel community looked at exactly the same stuff and heard the DIA 's arguments about it , and said essentially , this is really flimsy stuff . " On August 17 , 1998 , the New York Times published a story that revealed the intelligence findings , turning what had been an internal intelligence debate into a public firestorm of controversy -- just as the congressman 's revelations did on Thursday . The Times report , with headline "  North Korea Site An A-Bomb Plant , US Agencies Say " created major problems . In Washington , the Clinton administration came under attack for Pyongyang 's alleged violations of the Agreed Framework . And , unless the issue was handled with great skill , the tenuous link between the U.S. and North Korea that has existed since the 1994 deal would collapse . In the spring of 1999 , Chuck Kartman , Washington 's Special Envoy for Peace Talks with North Korea -- nicknamed "  Iron Butt " for his ability to sit patiently and listen to North Korean envoys spew out venom , bombast and threats across the negotiating table -- engaged in protracted talks with his North Korean counterparts . In May , Kartman convinced the North to agree to permit U.S. inspectors to visit Kumchangri . In addition , after initially demanding a payment of $ 300 million dollars for a one-time visit , North Korea eventually accepted a shipment of 100,000 tons of potatoes as the "  price " of permitting the inspection . Accompanied by a team of experts , Kartman flew to Pyongyang and the North Koreans took them to Kumchangri . To the Americans ' surprise and embarrassment , they found a large , empty underground cave . There was no evidence of a secret nuclear site . The crisis passed . According to Gary Samore , then the National Security Council 's Senior Director for Non-Proliferation and subsequently President Obama 's Coordinator for Weapons of Mass Destruction , Counter-Terrorism and Arms Control : "  The conclusion was that Kumchangri was not configured in a way that could be used either for plutonium or for enrichment . So , whatever we thought Kunchangri was , it was n't . It was not nuclear-related . " Nearly two decades later , the purpose of the construction site at Kumchangri remains unknown . But the episode underscores the complexities of assessing intelligence on North Korea . The rush to judgment in 1998 , driven by the DIA 's aggressive briefings and the deliberate leak of the story to the media , left many officials at the time cautious , if not downright skeptical , about subsequent intelligence findings . "  DIA hyped their findings unbelievably , " one former senior Clinton administration official said to me . "  They mis-stated their level of certainty , and the further up the food chain they went , the more they dropped the caveats , and ended up putting us in a terrible position . " Gary Samore had accepted the DIA 's analysis , and lobbied strongly for the Clinton administration to make Kumchangri a major issue . "  Sandy Berger -LSB- President Clinton 's National Security Adviser -RSB- depended pretty heavily on my judgment , " he told me , "  and I feel that my recommendation to him that it was a serious issue led the administration to deal with it more seriously than it ever turns out is justified . I would say that was the biggest mistake I made in my career as a civil servant . " The Kumchangri episode does not mean the DIA is necessarily wrong in its current assessment of North Korean nuclear capabilities . But the skepticism expressed by other agencies after Thursday 's revelation carries a lesson . In a country which the former deputy head of the CIA , John McLaughlin , once described to me as an "  intelligence black hole , " serious analysts can reach sharply differing conclusions about the same evidence , and the public should be careful in taking every alarmist headline about North Korea at face value . READ MORE : Nuclear North Korea unacceptable , Kerry says READ MORE : N. Korea endgame : 3 scenarios READ MORE : North Korea nears ` dangerous line , ' Hagel says READ MORE : The North Korea we rarely see	North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the U.S. and South Korea The U.S. calculates that a test launch of mobile ballistic missiles could come at any time Mike Chinoy says it 's not the first time such an "  alarmist " conclusion has been reached He suggests other U.S. agencies have disagreed
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met with his NATO allies in Strasbourg , France on Friday to talk about his plans for the war in Afghanistan , his "  front line in the war on terror . " Protesters outside the White House in February have a simple idea for the controversial prison . But the U.S. war on terror has some dark secrets and Obama has n't really wanted to talk about them . In Spain , a crusading judge named Baltasar Garzon is reviewing the case of several men who say they were tortured at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . In Washington , Senator Patrick Leahy has been asking similar questions that people around the world want answered : Did the U.S. really torture prisoners , did it secretly transfer some to other countries specifically to be tortured and did senior officials authorize it ? Leahy says : "  We ca n't turn the page unless we first read the page . " There are ample grounds to believe crimes were committed . Individual prisoners have described being tortured in U.S. custody or being dispatched to other nations with the same terrible result . An investigation by the International Committee of the Red Cross also reported evidence of it . While he was in office , George W. Bush said flatly "  the United States does not torture . " But the Bush administration defined ` torture ' so narrowly that its use of the word has been contested as well . The effort to find out just what happened has been moving slowly , both inside and outside the United States . The Obama administration has n't encouraged it . Obama said recently that "  generally speaking , I 'm more interested in looking forward than looking backwards . " That 's easy to understand . Millions of Americans are grateful to America 's ex-president and his aides , as well as U.S. soldiers and spies , for keeping the country safe after 9/11 . Any investigations or potential prosecutions could set off a national debate complicating everything else Obama wants to accomplish . But the U.S. has signed international treaties on torture and war crimes , suggesting it 's legally obligated to prosecute any cases that come to light . Countries in Europe , Africa and the Americas have found a way to face their secret crimes . The United States has to decide if it wants to take its own turn .	Leading figures in U.S. , Europe want the U.S. to answer torture allegations Claims come from prisoners and the Red Cross So far , President Obama has not encouraged inquiries Other countries faced up to secret crimes , now U.S. needs to decide what to do
Antananarivo , Madagascar  CNN  -- With their unique shape and imposing stature , the majestic baobab trees have been an icon of Madagascar 's landscape for centuries , unmovable symbols of the tropical island 's luscious scenery . Six out of the eight species of the long-lived tree are endemic to Madagascar , the island country located in the Indian Ocean off the southeastern coast of Africa . The stunning country is home to a rich ecosystem that boasts an incredible mosaic of animal and plant life evolved for tens of millions of years in complete isolation . As a result 90 % of Madagascar 's wildlife exists nowhere else on the planet . In the midst of it all , the mighty baobab has stood tall for generations , its barrel-like trunk reaching a height of 18 meters . Often described as "  the upside down tree " due to its unusual shape -- the tree 's branches look like roots sticking up in the air -- the baobab has sparked many legends throughout the centuries . An ancient myth goes that when the gods planted the trees , they kept walking away so they placed them upside down . Read related : Madagascar 's ` lemur lady ' on saving endangered animals Communities in Madagascar , one of the poorest countries in the world , have long been benefiting from the deciduous trees -- their fruits are edible , their leaves are used for medicinal purposes , while their large trunks are often excavated to serve as shelters or store water during dry periods . "  There are many interactions with the life of community living around forest , " explains botanist Jimmy Razafitsalama . "  First , they use the bark for the construction of their house and then they use leaves as medicinal plants . They eat also the fruit because the fruit are very rich in vitamins and do n't forget also it 's one of the attraction for tourists to come here . " But while tourism proceeds can generate income for people often living on less than $ 2 a day , many other human activities are posing a serious threat to the baobab trees and the island 's one-of-a-kind ecosystem . Largely dependent on the island 's natural resources , many rural communities in Madagascar have to make ends meet by exploiting the land that surrounds them -- the country is estimated to have lost 90 % of its forest to deforestation over the years . Environmentalists say that activities like slash-and-burn agriculture -- where an area of forest is cut and burned to create fields -- logging for timber and fuelwood and charcoal production are all destroying the island 's beautiful rainforests and their endemic biodiversity . "  They cut the trees down to clear the land for agriculture or for grazing their animals , " says Razafitsalama , who has moved to the island 's northernmost part near the city of Diego Suarez to teach locals about biodiversity . In recent years , authorities in Madagascar have taken up a series of initiatives to save its precious forests . The country has launched several conservation and reforestation projects and has also marked many regions in the country as national parks , attracting ecotourists from across the world . Razafitsalama says that more needs to be done to safeguard the future of the baobab trees and the vast array of unique species living in Madagascar 's forests . "  Now the government they want to increase the surface of protected areas . They made a big effort but right now I see for baobab it 's not yet representative , " he says . "  A good example is this forest in front of us -- it is not protected but this has the highest concentration of population of this endemic species . " Unless more action is taken and behaviors change , Madagascar , one of the world 's true biodiversity hotspots , will risk losing more of its forests , putting in danger the survival of its unique species .	Six out of the eight species of the baobab tree are endemic to Madagascar The island is home to a vast array of animal and plant life Madagascar has lost 90 % of its forest to deforestation The government is trying to protect the forests by marking areas as national parks
CNN  -- Chuck Klosterman 's seventh book and second novel , "  The Visible Man "  Scribner  , is out Tuesday . Its story is told by an Austin , Texas , therapist named Victoria Vick and centers around one of her clients , Y ___ , a man whose name we never learn and who , more importantly , has an unusual talent . Thanks to a suit and some cream he helped develop , Y ___ can basically render himself invisible to the untrained eye . But more than simply a book about a guy with a special ability , "  The Visible Man " is about how people act when they 're not being watched , and the sketchy moral line that 's crossed by the watcher . CNN spoke with Klosterman about the inspiration for the book , writing about and participating in the interview process , and how no one is going to relate to the two main characters in his new novel . CNN : What was the inspiration for "  The Visible Man " ? Chuck Klosterman : I think it was probably when I was writing the previous book , the essay collection  2009 's "  Eating the Dinosaur "  . I had to reread H.G. Wells ' "  The Time Machine " for an essay I was writing . I was living in Germany at the time , teaching for the University of Leipzig , so I got it through Amazon Europe or whatever , and it was an edition of the book that was "  The Time Machine " and "  The Invisible Man . " So I decided I would read "  The Invisible Man " too , since I had n't read it since fifth or sixth grade . It was a totally different book than I 'd remembered  which is what happens when  you 're an adult . The thing that was most interesting to me was that the invisible man was such a jerk . He was just this kind of egocentric , weird person . Of course , as I thought it over , what type of personality would pursue something like invisibility ? It would have to be someone who was both very smart and really sort of egocentric -- would lack the normal boundaries a person would have . At the same time , I was thinking a lot about the process of interviewing . Sort of the unreality of being interviewed . I started to wonder , if you really want to understand what someone 's like , how would you do it ? Interviewing or surveying or anything when a person is around other people is so impacted by the experience . So those two things together sort of ended up becoming this book . CNN : You like to talk about interviewing while being interviewed . Having written this book , which includes a lot of interview-based conversation , was your position on interviewing altered ? Klosterman : No . The more you profile people and the more you try to learn things from people through asking them questions , the shortcoming and failures of this process become more and more present in your mind . I ca n't imagine that , as I grow older , I 'm going to reverse my thinking and start believing the interviewing process is more valuable than I think now . It will probably just keep eroding . But here 's the trick , or , I guess , the paradox : Even though interviewing is this incredibly flawed process , it 's still the best means we have for understanding people we do n't know . It 's completely imperfect , but still better than every other option . CNN : Do you think your opinion of interviewing will erode to the point where you no longer interview people or get interviewed ? Klosterman : What else would I do ? I mean , I 'm a journalist . There 's certainly a thinking , and I did n't see this as much when I worked in newspapers , but when I moved to New York and ended up being surrounded mostly by critics , I came to the realization that a lot of people sort of work under the impression that not only is interviewing not helpful , but that it 's mostly detrimental . That if you want to write about the band Wilco , it 's a disadvantage to meet Jeff Tweedy , because that 's going to warp your real perception of the music . You 're going to hear his music through these things you learned in the interview . Maybe he charms you , maybe you see something in him , maybe you do n't like him . I understand that , and I think that 's why a lot of pretty smart writers , as they age , do tend to do less reporting . I do n't know that that 'll ever happen to me . CNN : One of the two main characters in the book , and the one who tells the book 's story , Victoria , admits on Page 1 , "  I am not a writer . " Did writing in this person 's voice allow you to free yourself of writerly conventions , or was there a pressure to authentically write in an unwriterly fashion ? Klosterman : To me , that was totally a decision based around verisimilitude , I guess is the word ? To me , if someone had never written a book before and was now attempting to write a book based on the fact that they had one metaphysical encounter , that would be their fear . That 's one of the weird things about this book . There are two primary characters , obviously , and the one character , because he 's this psychopathic scientist , he is this kind of unlikable , egocentric person . But what kind of therapist would allow themselves to almost become  involved with  this person ? Well , it would be someone who is insecure , and someone who is just smart enough to be kind of dumb . As a product , neither one of these two characters are very relatable to people . I ca n't imagine someone reading this and going , "  I really relate to this man or this woman . " But that 's just how it goes . CNN : There 's a battle between actual sense of self and pop-culture-produced sense of self in this book , especially with regards to reality television . Do you worry that pop culture is taking too strong of a hold on our daily lives ? Klosterman : The short answer is yes . The long answer is that it 's an extremely complicated question which often collides with this classic problem of , "  Is this idea bad or is it just new ? " I 'm just thinking about it constantly . In probably all of my books , except maybe the very first one , but even that one probably , is this idea of , "  What is reality ? " I mean , it 's kind of a cliche thing ; it seems like something you worry about when you 're 17 , but I 've never stopped worrying about it . It 's the main thing I think about in my life .  laughs CNN : Does writing about a guy like the one in this book help , or does it confuse the issue ? Klosterman : Both . You start with a core problem , and maybe you answer that question to what you 've decided is an acceptable degree , but of course , that just creates a new question . If you think about reality , and you think about the problems of reality , there 's never going to be a point where there 's no more questions to ask . The questions just get harder and less clear . But at the same time , if you keep going on that , eventually you end up writing a book where the whole premise is , "  This book exists . " Like , "  Am I really writing a book ? " is sort of a zero-sum game . CNN : In describing the book , are you hung up on the semantics of invisibility , like its main characters ? If someone says , " ` The Visible Man ' is about a man who becomes invisible , " does that bother you ? Klosterman : Well , it 's a very good question , I guess , would it bother me . If somebody asked me , "  What is this book about ? " and I know that I only have one sentence to tell them , I would say , "  Well , it 's how it would be to be the invisible man 's therapist . " But if I read a review that said that and simplified it down , I would be like , "  That 's totally wrong ! " It might bother me if someone else said it , but it does n't bother me when I think it . The simple fact is that people ca n't be invisible . I think that , in general , when I write nonfiction , I want it to seem like hyperreality , for it to feel like you 're reading fiction . But when I write fiction , I want it to seem like journalism .	Klosterman says he was partially inspired by the classic "  The Invisible Man " The main character in the book can render himself invisible The author says he wants his fiction to feel like journalism
CNN  -- She was the world 's crusader against the trafficking of girls for sex in Cambodia , and she told an extraordinary personal tale : she was a village girl sold by a grandfatherly man into sex slavery . Triumphant as well as beautiful , Somaly Mam won attention from Oprah Winfrey , a New York Times columnist , a PBS documentary , Time magazine 's 100 Most Influential People of 2009 , and even CNN , which named her a "  Hero " in 2007 . The fame -- and her memoir "  The Road of Lost Innocence " -- generated millions of dollars for her Somaly Mam Foundation , fighting sex traffickers . But her personal story was n't true , according to a Newsweek exposé this month . In the wake of the magazine 's revelations , Mam resigned this week from her foundation , which had hired a law firm to independently investigate Mam 's background when questions arose . The law firm 's findings were n't disclosed by the foundation . Mam , whose book says she was born around 1970 or 1971 , could n't be reached for comment , but the foundation still bearing her name issued a statement this week : "  As a result of  the law firm 's  efforts , we have accepted Somaly 's resignation effective immediately , " foundation executive director Gina Reiss-Wilchins said . "  Despite the foundation 's heartfelt disappointment , we remain grateful to Somaly 's work over the past two decades and for helping to build a foundation that has served thousands of women and girls . "  The foundation 's commitment to eradicating the trafficking and sexual exploitation of women and girls in Southeast Asia remains steadfast , and we ask that you continue to stand with us in the face of these challenging times , " Reiss-Wilchins said . Villagers contradict her A Newsweek story by Simon Marks cited how Mam 's childhood acquaintances , village leaders and even a cousin contradicted her autobiography . Residents of the Thloc Chhroy village told the magazine they never saw or met the cruel "  Grandfather " who turned her into a domestic slave as a child , a rich Chinese merchant who raped her , or a violent soldier whom Mam said she was forced to marry as a teenager . Mam claimed all those experiences in her story of survival . In fact , Mam arrived with a family and lived a normal life in the village from 1981 until 1987 , when she finished high school and then took a teachers exam , according to a commune chief , childhood friends , a cousin and a school official interviewed by Newsweek . Furthermore , "  Mam was well-known and popular in their small village , a happy , pretty girl with pigtails , " Newsweek reported . Those villagers ' accounts differed from the horrific personal narrative that Mam told the media and readers of her memoir . In an interview with CNN on Friday , Marks said he spoke with "  to dozens of villagers , former teachers , commune chiefs , who all say that they witnessed Somaly Mam arrive in the village . " "  They say that they saw her arrive in the village with a family , she grew up in the village living a relatively normal life , " said Marks , who 's a contributor to Newsweek . Millions in donations Mam 's foundation attracted such corporate partners as Estee Lauder Companies and Goldman Sachs . Actress Susan Sarandon sits on the group 's advisory board . By 2011 , the Somaly Mam Foundation attracted $ 2.1 million in revenue and incurred $ 3.67 million in expenses , according to its annual report . In 2012 , those revenues rose to $ 2.78 million and the foundation 's expenses fell to $ 2.3 million , its annual report said . That year , the foundation helped thousands of sex workers : 9,269 in Cambodia , 1,356 in Laos and 6,675 in Vietnam , the report said . Many people in Cambodia long doubted Mam 's personal story , but they feared her duality : Mam was polished and charming in front of international donors , but was "  tyrannical " and "  moody " in the office , even ordering the girls in her foundation to do her personal chores , the magazine reported , quoting named and unnamed sources . False claims by "  rescued " girls Some of the girls and young women whom Mam rescued from slavery were used in testimonials promoting Mam 's foundation , but at least one of those girls later "  confessed that her story was fabricated and carefully rehearsed for the cameras under Mam 's instruction , " Newsweek reported . Meas Ratha portrayed herself on a French television program in 1998 as a teenager who had been sold to a brothel and was forced to become a sex slave , but last year , Ratha said the foundation chose her to go on television after auditioning her , the magazine said . In fact , Ratha was never a sex slave . Her parents could n't care for their seven children so they sent Ratha and her sister in 1997 to a refuge center of group called Agir Pour Les Femmes en Situation Precaire , or AFESIP  Helping Women in Danger  , whose then president and co-founder was Mam , Newsweek said . Now in her early 30s in Phnom Penh , Ratha told Newsweek she reluctantly agreed to the fake story about being a child sex slave : "  Somaly said that ... if I want to help another woman I have to do -LSB- the interview -RSB- very well , " she told the magazine . Ratha was n't the only purported rescued girl telling fictions , according to the magazine . Long Pros claimed a woman kidnapped her and sold her to a brothel , where she was tortured and forced to undergo two crude abortions . Pros alleged an angry pimp gouged out one of her eyes with a piece of metal . Mam rescued Pros , and Pros ' story was recounted by New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof in 2009 . In 2008 , he also profiled Mam in a column headlined "  A Heroine From The Brothels . " But Pros ' family , neighbors and doctor contradicted her account : A physician performed surgery on a nonmalignant tumor covering her right eye when she was 13 , and medical records clearly showed her eye before and after the surgery , Newsweek said . Pros was then sent to Mam 's group to be part of a vocational training program , an eye hospital director told the magazine . This week , the foundation ended its relationship with Pros , also as a result of the law firm 's investigation into her background , Reiss-Wilchins said . "  We are permanently removing Ms. Pros from any affiliation with the organization or our grant partner , but will help her to transition into the next phase of her life , " Reiss-Wilchins said .	Somaly Mam drew international attention for her personal tale of surviving sex slavery She used that narrative to begin a foundation and collect money to save girls But Newsweek reports this month that her personal story is untrue Mam resigned from the foundation this week
Grozny , Chechnya  CNN  -- It has been ten years since my last visit to Chechnya . I knew the place had changed . I did n't realize how much . For a decade , Chechnya was the most violent , hopeless , war-torn corner of Russia . Russia 's impoverished , conscript army had been locked in an ugly struggle with Chechen insurgents that left the region 's capital , Grozny , a smoking ruin . Much of the civilian population was either homeless or had fled . Meanwhile , even the most courageous reporters and human rights activists thought twice about sneaking into the republic . By the end of the 1990s , Chechen gangs made a lucrative business out of kidnapping and ransom . The kidnappers became quite adept at chopping off hostage body parts on camera , to provide gruesome video incentive for swift payment . Imagine my surprise , then , when Russian government minders pick us up at Chechnya 's newly-constructed airport , and then send a busload of foreign journalists to sparkling downtown Grozny without any armed escort . A decade ago , the only illumination in Grozny would have come from tracer bullets and the campfires of traumatized residents whose homes had been destroyed . Today , a giant , Turkish-built mosque glows at the center of a park rigged with rows of retro-style street lamps . Families wander around on sidewalks in the balmy air . There is not a single gunman or soldier in sight . For the next two days of this Kremlin-supervised junket , I strain to find signs of the bullet-holes and shrapnel scars that once seemed to pock-mark every piece of concrete in Chechnya . Instead , in Chechnya 's second largest city of Gudermes , I find armies of workers -- including migrant laborers from East Asia -- busily constructing high-rises and roads . Downtown Gudermes is getting an architectural face-lift . Ten years ago , when I wandered off from a Russian military "  embed " trip to Gudermes , Chechen locals joked openly about how much I would be worth if they kidnapped me , prompting me to hustle back to my army escort . Today , residents sing a very different tune . "  We thought it would take 50 years to rebuild this town , " one Chechen man wearing in a wide-brimmed black hat tells me . "  It 's a miracle how quickly this has happened here ! " The Kremlin clearly spent untold billions of rubles rebuilding the most unruly of Russian republics . It also struck a deal several years ago with a brash former rebel fighter named Ramzan Kadyrov . His Chechen security forces began taking the lead in operations against the insurgents . Today , Kadyrov is the president of the Chechen republic . This fiercely loyal supporter of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has adopted the bizarre habits one comes to expect from a Middle Eastern despot . Kadyrov races around his fiefdom driving his own black SUV , dressed in shiny track suits and baseball caps . His mansion , a half hour 's drive out of Grozny , has its own horse race track , a show room full of antique guns and sabers , the Cyrillic initials "  RK " carved into the building 's façade and a private zoo full of lions , tigers and other big , endangered wildcats . The roars of one of these animals echoes throughout the compound as we wait until well after midnight for a press conference with the Chechen strongman . When Kadyrov finally arrives , he makes an announcement of victory . "  We are in the final stages of our struggle , " he says , and then goes on to claim there are only 187 fighters left in Chechnya 's insurgent movement . Most of them , he adds , are foreigners . But peace in Chechnya has come at a disturbing price . For some reason , critics of Kadyrov and his security forces keep getting killed . Last July , Natalia Estemirova , an activist with the human rights group Memorial , was kidnapped in broad daylight in downtown Grozny and later found dead with two bullets to the head . "  This crime could n't have been committed without the participation of some law enforcement agencies , " says Dokka Itslaev , the Chechen man who has assumed Estemirova 's former position at Memorial . "  Certain forces in Chechnya reserve the right to kidnap , kill or torture whoever they want . " More recently , police in Austria linked one of Kadyrov 's top aides to the January 2009 shooting death in Vienna of Umar Israilov . The former Chechen rebel served in Kadyrov 's security forces and later testified against Kadyrov before the European Court of Human Rights . Moments after his murder , Austrian police said one of the suspects called a cell phone in Chechnya believed to belong to one of Kadyrov 's right-hand men , Shaa Turlayev . Turlayev visited Vienna and met with the suspect a few months before the murder . Kadyrov denied any links to the murder , while delivering a lengthy monologue . "  I knew this guy -LSB- Umar Israilov -RSB- personally , " he said during the midnight press conference . "  It would have been so stupid and so obvious to kill people in broad daylight . Why would I do this ? Did he kill any of my people ? If he did , maybe then I would have considered it . " The Kremlin now relies on Kadyrov , along with the many potentially explosive skeletons in his closet , to guarantee peace and stability in Chechnya . But while Chechnya has stabilized , the neighboring Russian regions of Dagestan and Ingushetia have grown more violent then ever , with frequent car bombs and assassinations . Caucasus experts say the Chechen nationalist movement that once challenged Moscow has morphed into a broader Islamist rebel movement that threatens to engulf the Russian North Caucasus . That violence seems worlds ' away from the brand-new ice skating rink that we visit in Grozny one night . Dance music throbs as young Chechen men on ice skates crash into each other , laughing ; some of them hug the sideboards to avoid collapsing on the ice . It is a silly , wonderful sight to see in a city that had endured so many years of war and hopelessness . But how long can Kadyrov 's huge public works projects and scary security forces ensure stability , with so much trouble brewing nextdoor and unemployment still sky high within Chechnya ? The cliché that Chechnya is "  skating on thin ice , " springs to mind -- especially after I notice that one of the Chechen men , teetering comically on the ice , is skating with a pistol strapped to his belt .	Chechnya has seen construction surge in formerly war-torn areas Chechan president was rebel fighter Activist : critics of president have ended up dead Neighboring Russian regions have grown more violent
CNN  -- Two men have been arrested in California in connection with a string of brazen attacks in the past six months thought to be targeting law enforcement . Nicholas Smit , 40 , is being held on allegations of making a booby trap , assault with intent to murder a police officer and possession of a firearm while on bail , Hemet Police Chief Richard Dana said Saturday . Also arrested was Steve Hansen , 36 , for possession of a firearm while on parole . Authorities are investigating whether he may be involved in seven attacks believed to have targeted members of the Hemet Police Department since December . No one has been injured in the attacks . The arrests came after police served search warrants on the men 's homes in Hemet and Homeland on Friday night , Dana said . At least two more suspects are being sought , and a $ 200,000 reward for information in the case is up for grabs as the investigation continues , he added . The police chief would not comment directly on a possible motive but said one of the suspects made comments during his arrest suggesting that "  he does n't like us very much , " Dana said . The arrests come less than a week after a suspected arson damaged a police evidence lab , the latest attack aimed at the department , according to authorities . The booby trap-style attacks have drawn the attention of state and federal law enforcement agencies , which have contributed manpower to the investigation and money to the $ 200,000 reward . "  Clearly , an attack on one community is an attack on all communities . By the same token , an attack on a police officer puts all of the public at risk , no matter where they live , " said Riverside County Sheriff Stanley Sniff Jr. , whose department is participating in the investigation . Authorities have not been able to directly connect the attacks to a particular gang or organized crime , Dana said , even though most of the attacks have targeted members of an organized crime task force . Hemet is one of eight local , state and federal agencies that make up the Riverside County Gang Task Force , which was formed in 2006 to address the growth of criminal street gangs and outlaw motorcycle gangs . The attacks began in December , when , police say , a natural gas line was rerouted into the task force 's headquarters , risking an explosion . On February 23 , a task force member at the Hemet headquarters opened a security gate outside the building , which launched a homemade zip gun attached to the gate . The weapon fired , missing the officer 's head by inches . Subsequent incidents included four city vehicles being set ablaze in the City Hall parking lot and a suspected arson at a police shooting range . "  My personal opinion is that the same people are connected with all of them , but the investigation is not over , " Dana said .	Man arrested on allegations of making booby trap , assault with intent to murder officer At least two more sought in booby trap-style attacks believed to target police Suspect 's comments during arrest suggest "  he does n't like us very much " police chief says Seven attacks since December have targeted police in Hemet , California , authorities say
CNN  -- British rider Mark Cavendish won the fifth stage of this year 's Tour de France after a mass sprint saw him narrowly beat Belgium 's Philippe Gilbert and Spain 's Jose Joaquin Rojas . Cavendish , 26 , a sprint specialist who has now won 16 stages of the Tour de France since 2008 , edged what had been an eventful , crash-filled race . Both Janez Brajkovic and defending champion Alberto Contador fell during the 164.5 kilometer stretch from Carhaix to Cap Frehel , the former being taken to hospital with head injuries . The Slovenian later retired from the race altogether . Norwegian Thor Hushovd retained the leader 's yellow jersey after finishing tenth . "  I think what the organizers have done this year is to make it harder to have a proper bunch sprint . That 's because we have been dominating in the last years , " Cavendish , widely regarded as the best sprint cyclist in the sport , told the Tour de France 's official website shortly after the race . "  The reason why we dominate the sprint at the Tour de France is , well , for me personally I have put every other race on the back foot to be good at the Tour de France . " This year will be the 98th edition of the race , the most famous in cycling and one of the world 's best known sporting events . Cavendish , who was disqualified from an intermediate sprint in the third stage for illegally butting Hushovd -- who was also censured -- will find the next stage much harder : the sixth , 226.5 kilometer stage between Dinan and Lisieux is Le Tour 's longest . "  That was a proper hard finish , " Cavendish admitted . "  Those last couple of hundred meters my legs were going ... I 'm really happy with that . "	Mark Cavendish wins fifth stage of Tour de France The British rider narrowly beat a pack of riders in a frenzied sprint finish Several riders were injured during the stage It was Cavendish 's 16 stage win of his career
CNN  -- Election night could be a long one . Many of the polls continue to show a tight race with the candidates remaining in a dead heat in the swing states . Whoever wins the election , it might not be by much . Close elections have produced challenges for the victor once he starts his term in the White House . If voters do n't provide a clear mandate , presidents often find that they have added challenges when dealing with Congress , as legislators have far less fear about the commander in chief . In 1916 , for example , President Woodrow Wilson won reelection against former Supreme Court Justice Charles Evan Hughes by 23 electoral votes and 3.1 percent of the popular vote . The victory , which depended on Wilson 's assurances to keep the U.S. out of war , hardened the lines of partisan battle . Republicans returned to Washington angry about how he had used the potential for war against them , even as he ushered the nation into World War I soon after the election . During the war , and especially during the fight over the peace treaty that followed , Wilson found little cooperation from Republicans who felt confident that they could take him on in the home front . Opinion : Media 's pointless speculation over election outcome When Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kennedy defeated Vice President Richard Nixon in 1960 by 84 electoral votes and only 0.2 percent of the popular vote , the conservative coalition of Southern Democrats and Republicans in Congress read the close outcome as evidence that the young senator did not have a popular mandate . The fact that Democrats did n't enjoy any coattails from his victory even made liberals and moderates nervous about going out too far on a limb for the president . On domestic policy , Kennedy found most of his legislation stifled in congressional committees through the time of his assassination . Opinion : Both parties have a huge race problem When former Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter squeaked out victory against President Gerald Ford in 1976 , the same pattern recurred . Though Carter had excited many Democrats during the primary by promising voters that they could trust him in the aftermath of Watergate , he won by only 2.1 percent of the popular vote and 57 electoral votes . The nation was "  hopeful , sort of , " quipped Time . During his first two years , Carter struggled to win support from his own party on issues like energy conservation , while Republicans such as Ronald Reagan felt emboldened to take him on over issues such as tax cuts and foreign policy . From the moment he entered office , the fragility of his election victory motivated Democratic and Republican opponents , who both played a role in his defeat in 1980 . Texas Gov. George W. Bush came under fire in 2000 when the Supreme Court ordered an end to a recount in Florida , resulting in his winning the presidency against Vice President Al Gore by five electoral votes . Bush lost the popular vote to Gore by 0.5 percent . Many Democrats felt that the election had been stolen from them . Bush was not deterred and governed as if he had a mandate , pushing through a massive tax cut in 2001 . His political standing was helped by the fact that the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , created a sense of national emergency and inspired a "  rally around the leader " effect . But stalemate soon set in , as Democrats had little appetite to help him . Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 The 2004 election , which Bush won by 35 electoral votes and 2.4 percent of the popular vote , also generated controversy as some Democrats felt that there had been voter suppression and rigged voting machines in the crucial state of Ohio by Republican-supporting groups . Republicans claimed there had been voter fraud in other states , like Pennsylvania . Bush never received the political capital he expected from his reelection victory and saw most of his domestic legislative proposals languish . Opinion : Cool Obama vs. square Romney In today 's political era , every president -- even those who enjoy landslide victories -- faces immense challenges working in the current congressional environment . Partisan polarization , interest-group politics and the 24-hour media make legislating difficult . But narrow elections only make things worse , and this would be the case for either a second term for President Barack Obama or a first term for Mitt Romney . The situation would be even worse if certain states are contested , as occurred in 2000 , and if the chaos from Hurricane Sandy results in logistical problems in parts of the East Coast . The winner would walk into a toxic Washington environment with the perception that their mandate is thin . Added to all of this is the fact that the winner of the electoral college vote might not be the winner of the popular vote , as has occurred a handful of other times in U.S. history . Of course , the polls could be off and we might be heading to another Truman defeats Dewey moment , such as occurred in 1948 when the president proved the pollsters wrong and enjoyed a comfortable reelection victory . But since that 's probably not the case , we 'll be heading toward some rough times on Capitol Hill in the years ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Close elections often produce challenges for presidents , says Julian Zelizer JFK found most of his legislation stifled in congressional committees , Zelizer says Jimmy Carter struggled to win support from his own party on many issues , he says Zelizer : After 2004 , George W. Bush saw most of his domestic legislative proposals languish
CNN  -- Reigning Tour de France champion Alberto Contador has rejected the findings of a positive dope test taken while the cyclist was competing in this year 's race , blaming it on bad meat . Contador was provisionally suspended from competitive cycling by the sport 's governing body , the Union Cycliste Internationale  UCI  , on Thursday following the results of the test . The Spanish rider , a three-time winner of cycling 's showpiece event , had traces of the banned substance clenbuterol in a test sample he gave on July 21 -- which was a rest day . However , in a press conference held in the 27-year-old 's home town of Pinto in Spain , which CNN attended , Contador said he was innocent . Tour of Spain runner-up fails doping test "  It is a food contamination case of which I am the victim . " He added that the test result was due to bad meat he and several other riders had eaten the day before the test . "  When they confirmed to me what had happened the first thing I did was ask the UCI which of my fellow riders had passed the test . "  They said the only one who passed the control ... was Alexandre Vinokourov . -LSB- He was the only one of the riders -RSB- who did not eat the meat on that day . " He concluded that truth was on his side . Contador now faces a fight to clear his name after the UCI released a statement saying : "  The UCI confirmed today that Spanish rider Alberto Contador returned an adverse analytical finding for clenbuterol . "  The rider , who had already put an end to his cycling season before the result was known , was nevertheless formally and provisionally suspended as is prescribed by the World Anti-Doping Code . "  This result was reported by the WADA accredited laboratory in Cologne to UCI and WADA simultaneously . " The UCI went on to explain the amounts of the prohibited stimulant found in the sample were low , so a second sample was also tested . "  In view of this very small concentration and in consultation with WADA  World Anti-Doping Agency  , the UCI immediately had the proper results management proceedings conducted including the analysis of B sample that confirmed the first result . " Further analysis of the results will now be carried out by UCI and WADA , with no further comment being made until it has been concluded . "  The UCI continues working with the scientific support of WADA to analyze all the elements that are relevant to the case . "  In order to protect the integrity of the proceedings and in accordance with the World Anti-Doping Code , the UCI will refrain from making any further comments until the management of this adverse analytical finding has been completed . " Andy Schleck , who finished runner-up to Contador in this year 's Tour De France , said he hoped the Spaniard would prove his innocence . "  I hope he is innocent and I think he deserves the right to defend himself now , " Schleck wrote on the micro-blogging site Twitter . "  What a crazy day in cycling with the news about Contador . I only heard about it in the press . " Cadel Evans , who finished second to Contador in the 2007 edition , said he wanted to find out the facts of the case before passing judgment . " I just read some little things in the paper , I do n't really know what the situation is . -LSB- But -RSB- if people are cheating and getting caught , that 's a good thing . If people want to exaggerate the stories and ... claim cycling is a filthy sport , that 's not such a good thing . "  I do n't know exactly what the situation is , they 're still waiting on further analysis . I 'd like to see what facts come about Contador before I make an opinion . " Daniel Friebe , features editor of Pro Cycling magazine , believes it is possible the Spaniard could have received the substance in food , and this case is not comparable to other doping scandals in cycling . Friebe told CNN : "  This really does sound like a legitimate excuse . "  It 's well known that clenbuterol is used on cattle . This is an alibi that 's been used before and it 's been verified before . It does n't sound impossible to me . " He said that people familiar with other incidents of doping in the sport will recognize that Contador has been unlucky . "  Most people who are au fait with how doping within cycling works will be fairly sure that this is quite different to other cases , " he said . Friebe also explained how taking clenbuterol would not make sense for Contador and it could possibly have a negative effect on his performance . "  He is well known for his climbing ability . This substance is a steroid , which will boost muscle mass and make him heavier . It 's not really the kind of substance you would expect a rider like him to take . " Contador , who has just signed a contract with the Saxo Bank team , successfully defended his Tour title while riding for the Kazakhstan-based Astana team . The Spaniard won his first Tour in 2007 and joined Astana in 2008 -- although he was prevented from defending his title that year as the team had been banned by race organizers for previous doping violations . In 2006 , Contador was linked to a Spain-based blood-doping ring known as "  Operation Puerto " but was cleared of any wrongdoing . The only previous winner of the Tour de France to be stripped of his title after being found guilty of using a banned substance was Floyd Landis . The American was found to have taken testosterone while winning the 2006 race .	NEW Tour de France runner-up Andy Schleck hopes Contador can prove his innocence Alberto Contador rejects claims he took a banned substance Daniel Friebe , features editor of Pro Cycling , says the case is not like other scandals The Tour de France champion tested positive on 21 July , during the race
It is nighttime as a pack of masked soldiers silently moves toward the front line of a deadly shootout between law enforcement officials and unknown men in a dimly lit Honduras neighborhood . But the soldiers are too late to prevent the grisly scene that awaits them . One of their own is on the ground , seriously wounded . One of the attackers is dead , and three others have been shot . "  They did n't even say a word . They just pulled out their weapons and started shooting at our soldiers , " army commander Carlos Rolando Discua said of the scene , which has become all too familiar in Honduras ' second-largest city . Discua oversees a unit of soldiers , often masked to protect their identities , who patrol the streets of San Pedro Sula , the so-called murder capital of the world . Photos : Deadly violence grips Honduras For the second straight year , San Pedro Sula , in northwest Honduras , has topped a list of the world 's 50 most violent cities , with a rate of 169 intentional homicides per 100,000 inhabitants -- an average of more than three people every day . The report , compiled by the Mexican think tank Citizen Council for Public Security , Justice and Peace , compared intentional homicide statistics around the world in 2012 . The report does not include cities in the Middle East . The sunny beach resort of Acapulco in Mexico ranked second on the group 's list , followed by the Venezuelan capital of Caracas . New Orleans is the murder capital of the United States , according to the report , which ranked the city 17th on the list . Detroit , St. Louis , Baltimore and Oakland were the other U.S. cities to make the list . Central America 's bloody drug problem San Pedro Sula 's challenge , experts say , is that Mexico 's offensive against drug cartels and the active U.S. deportation of criminal immigrants are pushing the problem south . Some of this criminal element has ended up in Honduras , where , like most Central American countries , law enforcement has few resources to fight it . But city residents say that "  murder capital of the world " is an undeserved label that is hurting local businesses . There are only three morgues in Honduras , and one of them is in San Pedro Sula . Residents say that people who are murdered elsewhere and then taken to the city 's morgue are being grouped into the city 's crime statistics . "  All of the crimes that happen in northern Honduras are registered as happening here , " businessman Luis Larach said . "  So what we businessmen are doing is an accurate count to determine where crime or violent deaths originate so that the information is truthful . " The National Autonomous University of Honduras said that only people murdered in San Pedro Sula were tallied in the group 's report -- and that in fact the actual murder rate in the city is even higher . The authors of the report defended their research on the group 's website , writing : It "  is not the ranking that damages the image of the city but the violence and the government 's inability to contain and reduce it . To hide the problems never solves them . " Honduras is far from the only country in the region with a murder problem . The top 10 -- and 39 of 50 overall -- most violent cities on the list are Latin American . Authorities have launched Operation Lightning in San Pedro Sula , saturating violence hotspots with police and soldiers , and some residents believe the beefed-up security is working . "  There 's more security now , " said local resident Nicolle Valladares . "  And that gives us peace . " Unfortunately , at least so far , the measures seem to have had little impact on the murder rate .	San Pedro Sula , Honduras , named murder capital of world for second straight year Acapulco and Caracas come second and third , respectively , in Mexican think tank report Residents say "  murder capital of the world " label is hurting business and is undeserved Honduras university says murder rate in San Pedro Sula actually higher than reported
Beijing  CNN  -- To many people in China , Mao Zedong is the country 's eternal father -- "  No Mao , no China , " is the mantra often repeated by his supporters . His giant portrait hangs over the gate of Beijing 's ancient Forbidden City like that of an emperor . Across the city , thousands flock every day to gaze at his body lying preserved in a mausoleum in Tiananmen Square . His picture holds pride of place in many houses in villages across China . To these people he remains a symbol of strength , a man born a peasant -- albeit a somewhat comfortable one -- who rose to lead the people 's army of the Communist Party and unite a warring country . Lately , Mao has re-emerged as the face of resistance and defiance more than three decades after his death . Young Chinese protesters have carried his image aloft during protests against Japan over disputed islands in the region . One young woman from Mao 's home village in Hunan province lamented how weak she thought her country 's leaders have become -- that if Mao were still alive then China would just take the islands . Despite this reverence , Mao 's remains a flawed legacy . For those who see strength in his face , others remember fear : revolution , paranoia , famine , brutality and tens of millions of deaths . China suffered during high-profile campaigns introduced by Mao , such as the "  Great Leap Forward , " where millions of people died through starvation or persecution during a catastrophic attempt to modernize China between 1958 and 1961 . Another disastrous period , known as the "  Cultural Revolution , " began in 1966 with the intention of reviving the revolutionary spirit of Communism . But over the next decade , millions of young people were forcibly removed from cities to learn from peasants in the countryside -- viewed as ideological role models by Mao -- causing massive social and economic upheaval . On the streets of Beijing , when we mention Mao 's name , seeking people 's opinion , some are wary . "  Why are you asking me this ? " asks one woman as she scurried away from our cameras . "  Where is your identification , you should n't be talking about this , " she warned . Another young woman was more forthright : China needs no more of Mao . "  I think that Chairman Mao is a rather extreme person . We do n't really need those who are too extreme ; instead , we need people who can connect China with the international community . In the long run , this would be best for China , " she said . But many are wrapped up in an almost revolutionary nostalgia . "  The current leaders should be as strong as Mao , " one Beijing resident said . "  For the Chinese people , he represents belief , a great man , " said another . As the Communist Party prepares for its 18th Party Congress on Thursday , when it will name a new leader , it will also reflect on a country that would be unrecognizable to Mao . This is no longer the land of gray suits and bicycles , it 's all about Audi cars and Armani suits for many Chinese now . The country that once could n't feed itself is now the world 's second-largest economy and an emerging superpower to rival the United States . Mao 's peasant revolution has given way to "  socialism with Chinese characteristics . " Yet Mao remains inescapable , not just in the minds of ordinary people nostalgic for the past , but at the heart of the party itself . Bo Xilai , once tipped as a potential future President himself whose father was a Mao acolyte , launched an audacious bid to re-model the party in Mao 's image . As chief of the massive metropolis of Chongqing , Bo launched huge Cultural Revolution-style rallies , encouraging the singing of red songs -- songs popular during the country 's revolution -- and chanting Mao-era slogans . Bo won great favor with ordinary people . But as his popularity rose , his standing in a nervous Communist Party diminished . According to those close to him , Bo played with fire . "  I think it was a huge misjudgment of Bo . Going back to Mao 's path is definitely not an option . That has proven to be a dead end . Mao led a road to ruin , " Wang Kang , a Chongqing scholar who knows Bo and his wife , told CNN . As the world now knows , Bo is in disgrace and never got a chance to spread his new "  gospel of Mao . " He 's been stripped of his party positions and faces prosecution in the wake of a political scandal while his wife , Gu Kailai , is in prison convicted of killing a British business associate . This scandal has torn open the veil of secrecy around the party , and all of this in a year of political transition with a new generation led by Xi Jinping , the current vice president , preparing to take the helm . Like Bo , Xi is a "  princeling , " the son of one of Mao 's revolutionary inner circle . Xi will inherit a different party -- the days of one supreme leader are over , according to long-time China watcher Mike Chinoy . "  This is a system that is based on consensus , not structured any longer to have a single dominant figure like a Mao Zedong or a Deng Xiaoping , " he said . Yet Xi must also walk the "  maze of Mao , " for he is a son of China 's past as much as a leader of its future . Like all Chinese , he will look at Mao 's image and know the power of its symbolism , yet he will look past that and know his country 's fate lies , perhaps , with moving even further from Mao 's idea of China .	Mao Zedong can divide opinion in China , inspiring nostalgia in some and fear in others Mao 's "  Great Leap Forward " and "  Cultural Revolution " was disastrous for China China is now less about one supreme leader and more about ruling by consensus The country has grown into the world 's second largest economy behind the U.S.
CNN  -- Israel was founded on democratic principles with the Jewish state 's declaration of independence in 1948 including a commitment to the "  complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion , race or sex . " It has remained a continuous democracy ever since . The 120-seat Knesset is the Israeli seat of government . The seat of Israeli government is the Knesset , the country 's national parliament , located in Jerusalem , which Israel claims as its capital . The Knesset 's 120 lawmakers are elected by universal suffrage with all Israeli citizens over the age of 18 entitled to vote . Knesset seats are divided according to each party 's proportion of the overall vote . But parties must poll at least two percent nationally to gain a seat . Participation in elections , including among Arab Israelis who constitute around 20 percent of the population , has traditionally been high at around 80 percent turnout , according to Israeli government figures . Israel currently has around 5.3 million eligible voters . Israel usually holds national elections every four years . But this year 's poll on February 10 was called early -- less than three years since the last vote -- by Israeli President Shimon Peres following the resignation of prime minister Ehud Olmert amid allegations of corruption and his Kadima Party successor Tzipi Livni 's failure to form a coalition . Olmert has continued to serve as caretaker prime minister in the interim . Coalitions of two or more parties are common in Israel ; in fact no party has ever won enough votes to form a government by itself . Those remaining outside the ruling coalition make up the opposition . Thirty-four parties will participate in the 2009 elections , including major parties such as Kadima , Likud and Labor and also three Arab parties . The task of forming and leading a government is charged by Israel 's president to the Knesset member and party leader considered to have the best chance of forming a viable coalition . The prime minister-designate then has 28 days , extendable by 14 days , to build a coalition commanding the support of at least 61 Knesset members . Officials results are due to be published on February 18 with the new Knesset convening on March 2 .	Israel goes to the polls in national elections on February 10 34 parties bidding for 120 seats in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament Turnout among Israel 's 5.3 million eligible voters expected to be high Election follows collapse of Kadima-led coalition , resignation of ex-PM Ehud Olmert
CNN  -- Country music star Mindy McCready was found dead Sunday at her home in Arkansas from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , the local sheriff 's office said in a statement . She was 37 . Deputies from the Cleburne County Sheriff 's Office were dispatched to a report of gunshots fired Sunday afternoon and found McCready 's body on the front porch , the statement read . McCready leaves behind two boys , one of whom is 10 months old . The infant 's father , record producer David Wilson , died of an apparent suicide last month . The singer struggled with addiction and mental illness , often publicly . She appeared in an episode of "  Celebrity Rehab " three years ago with Dr. Drew Pinsky , who said he contacted her last month after her boyfriend 's death . "  When I heard she was struggling , I did reach out to her and urged her to go to take care of herself , get in a facility if she felt she needed , " said Pinsky , who hosts his own program on CNN 's sister network HLN . "  Her biggest fear was the stigma of doing so and what people would think if she , God forbid , took care of herself . And this to me is the most distressing part of this story . She is a lovely woman , we have lost her , and it did n't have to go down like this . " McCready burst onto the music scene in 1996 with her debut album "  10,000 Angels , " and the chart-topping hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " In the past few years , McCready waged a public battle for custody of her elder son , Zander . She took the boy from her mother , who had custody , and fled with him to her home in Arkansas , saying she had concerns over his safety . McCready fights for custody of her son A judge ordered authorities to pick up the boy , who was 5 at the time , and days later authorities found McCready hiding with Zander in a closet at her home . Country music stars expressed their condolences Sunday on hearing news of McCready 's death . "  I grew up listening to Mindy McCready ... so sad for her family tonight . Many prayers are going out to them , " tweeted singer Carrie Underwood . "  It breaks my heart what addiction continues to take from this life , " singer Wynonna Judd wrote in a series of tweets . "  Addiction is a disEASE & not a character flaw . When the pain becomes too much , it causes people to want that pain to stop . This is just so unbelieveable & so sad . " A year ago , McCready posted excerpts of a book she said was upcoming about her life . She acknowledged a difficult upbringing , personal problems and the challenges she faced turning her life around . "  I have n't had a hit in almost a decade , " she wrote in January 2012 on her official fan website . "  I 've spent my fortune , tarnished my public view and made myself the brunt of punch line after punch line . I 've been beaten , sued , robbed , arrested , jailed , and evicted . But I 'm still here . With a handful of people that I know and trust , a revived determination , and both middle fingers up in the air , I 'm ready . I 've been here before . I 'm a fighter . I 'm down , but I 'll never be out . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Mindy McCready is found dead at her home in Arkansas The gunshot wound appears to be self-inflicted , sheriff 's office says She had long struggled with addiction and mental illness McCready burst onto the scene in 1996 with her album "  10,000 Angels "
Mental Floss  -- 1 . "  Für Elise " Bob Dylan wrote "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " for Joan Baez . Written by : Ludwig van Beethoven Written for : Some girl probably not named Elise . In fact , as far as most historians can tell , Beethoven did n't even know an Elise . Instead , the song was originally titled "  Bagatelle in A minor " based on some handwritten notation a Beethoven researcher claimed to have seen on a now-lost copy of the sheet music . Further complicating things , Beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written "  for Therese , " as in Therese Malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro . 2 . "  Philadelphia Freedom " Written by : Elton John & Bernie Taupin Written for : Billie Jean King , as a thank-you for a tracksuit she gave Elton . And what a tracksuit it must have been ! The 1975 song remains one of the most popular disco hits ever , leaving thousands of Hustle enthusiasts wondering just what Billie Jean King had to do with Philadelphia , anyway . Turns out , the song was a reference to King 's pro tennis team , The Philadelphia Freedoms . Prior to 1968 , tennis players were all considered "  amateurs " and were n't eligible to receive prize money . So , if you did n't have the wealth to support yourself , you could n't play . Billie Jean King fought against those constraints , ultimately founding Professional World Team Tennis in 1974 and turning tennis into a paid league sport . 3 . "  Lola " Written by : The Kinks ' Ray Davies Written for : A transvestite . But the question is , which one ? According to Rolling Stone , "  Lola " was inspired by Candy Darling , a member of Andy Warhol 's entourage , whom Ray Davies briefly  and cluelessly  dated . If that 's the case , then "  Lola " is just another notch on Darling 's song belt -- she 's also referred to in Lou Reed 's "  Walk on the Wild Side . "  "  Candy came from out on the Island / In the backroom she was everybody 's darlin ' . " But , in the Kinks ' official biography , Davies tells a different story . He says "  Lola " was written after the band 's manager spent a very drunken night dancing with a woman whose five o'clock shadow was apparently obvious to everyone but him . 4 . "  867-5309 / Jenny " Written by : Jim Keller  of Tommy Tutone  and Alex Call Written for : Unknown , as the songwriters apparently make up a different story about its inspiration every time they 're asked . While the woman continues to remain a mystery , however , the phone number is all too real . In fact , it 's been wreaking havoc ever since 1982 and the passage of time has n't quelled of the number of crank calls . In 1999 , Brown University freshman roommates Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza found that out the hard way , when the school adopted an 867 exchange number for its on-campus phone system . Immediately , the girls ' innocuous Room No. 5309 became a magnet for every drunk college kid with a 1980s fetish . Other unfortunate phone customers have fought back with creative and profitable solutions , like the holder of 212-867-5309 , who put his phone number up for auction on eBay in 2004 . Bids approached $ 100,000 before eBay pulled the item at the request of Verizon , the number 's actual owner . 5 . "  Oh , Carol " Written by : Neil Sedaka Written for : Carole King , naturally . Sedaka and King actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance Sedaka was able to successfully milk with "  Oh , Carol , " a then top-10  if now somewhat forgettable  1959 pop song . However , the real success of "  Oh , Carol " came a few months later , when it inspired King to write a rebuttal entitled "  Oh , Neil . " At the time , King and her husband , Gerry Goffin , were fledgling songwriters in need of a hit tune . "  Oh , Neil " was n't that , but it did pay off . After Sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , King and Goffin landed jobs at the legendary Brill Building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like "  Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow " and "  The Loco-Motion . " 6 . "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " Written by : Bob Dylan Written for : Joan Baez , though it clearly was n't the nicest gift Dylan could have given her . The two met in 1961 , when Baez was an up-and-coming folk singer and Dylan was a nobody from Minnesota . Desperate to make his break in the music biz , Dylan worked like crazy to get Baez 's attention . He eventually ended up going on tour with her , which is how he first became famous , and also how the two began dating . For a while , they seemed like the golden couple , but things soon went downhill . During a European concert tour together in early 1965 , they had a huge fight and parted ways . That May , Dylan was holed up in a hotel after being hospitalized with a virus , and Baez , hoping to remain friends , decided to bring him flowers . Sadly , that 's how she found out that her ex was already dating someone else . That someone else was Sara Lownds , whom Dylan married a mere six months later . 7 . "  Our House " Written by : Graham Nash  of Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young Written for : Joni Mitchell . In December 1968 , Nash and Mitchell moved into a cozy little house in the Laurel Canyon section of Los Angeles . Though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , Laurel Canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for San Francisco society -- not just CSN&Y , but also Jim Morrison , the Eagles , Frank Zappa , and more . "  Our House " was directly inspired by a lazy Sunday in the Nash/Mitchell household . The couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point Nash literally "  lit a fire , " while Mitchell "  placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . " No , really . The whole tableau seemed so ridiculously domestic to Nash that he immediately sat down and spent the rest of the day writing about it . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several famous songs written by men for a woman Beethoven 's "  Für Elise " may have been written "  for Therese " Songwriters make up stories about who is behind "  867-5309 / Jenny "
CNN  -- With at least two winners sharing a prize of more than a half-billion dollars , Tuesday 's Mega Millions lottery may have drawn more players than any previous drawing . But they may be the lucky ones , in more ways than you think . Related : Woman is Georgia winner of $ 648 million Mega Millions jackpot Most of those who play know they have little chance of winning anything . Ever . And most of them probably ca n't afford to play , anyway . Still , they line up to place their dollars on the counter , all for a snowball 's chance at an instant miracle , even as that miracle has gotten harder to attain . Lotteries and games of chance such as the Mega Millions , or more traditional casinos , have come in vogue among politicians seeking to raise revenues without raising taxes . This seems like a net win all around -- players receive the entertainment of playing and we all enjoy the benefits of higher funding for schools or other public works . Unfortunately the reality is not so rosy . Related : You won the big one -- now what ? Those in poverty or near poverty not only are more likely to play the lottery than those with greater means , they also spend a larger percent of their money on average on these games of chance . Some have argued that this may not be such a bad thing if the poor basically play the lottery as a cheap form of entertainment . However , when we look for the telltale signs of entertainment behavior , they are absent . We do n't see evidence that changes in the availability or price of other entertainment , movies for example , lead to changes in lotto purchases . Rather , we find there are big jumps in lottery purchases when the poverty rate increases , when unemployment increases , or when people enroll on welfare . Lottery playing among the poor is a Hail Mary investment strategy -- a small ray of hope among the hopeless . But this false hope is , by design , an attempt to lure the emotional decision-maker . Recent changes in the Mega Millions lottery have reduced the chances of winning in order to increase the size of the jackpot . By changing the range of the six possible numbers drawn -- from between 1 and 56 to between 1 and 75 -- the already improbable odds of 1 in 176 million have diminished to a virtually impossible 1 in 259 million . Fewer big winners means larger jackpots , more hype and more players . And more money for the lotteries . Related : $ 800 million in lottery prizes unclaimed Such changes have occurred as the lottery commissions have become expert in swindling players out of their money . Humans are n't particularly good at dealing with risks and gambles . We tend to believe that rare events are more common than they truly are . Moreover , we do n't discern between small changes in very low probabilities . Thus , few will have noticed that the odds of winning the lottery reduced from 0.000000006 to 0.000000004 for any given ticket . But our eyes are drawn to the steadily increasing prizes -- prizes that are now designed to eventually exceed $ 1 billion . Such astronomical amounts draw in even those who consider themselves very prudent . When the prizes get this large , many start to rationalize the purchase of a ticket . In the end , there are few who win money , and many who simply lose a few dollars with nothing to show for it . But those few dollars add up . For example , the average annual per capita spending on lottery tickets in Massachusetts is nearly $ 800 . That is $ 800 being spent for every man , woman and child in the state . That is more than six times the average per capita food stamp benefit . Some of this $ 800 goes to schools , constituting about 1-2 % of school budgets in many states . The majority of this $ 800 , however , goes to a very small number of lucky winners who take home what seems like infinite wealth that is sure to change their life forever . Or not so much . Related : No lotteries in these 7 states Approximately one third of lottery winners will declare bankruptcy . This happens primarily because new winners are so unfamiliar with the magnitude of the money they have won , that they simply overestimate the purchasing power . How could I ever need to budget when I have several hundred million in the bank ? The overwhelming majority of lottery winners do n't believe they are better off for having won . One study finds that recent lottery winners have lower levels of happiness than do those who have recently become quadriplegic . Apparently , winning the lottery is not what the hype would have you believe . Personally , I would probably prefer an $ 800 tax . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David R. Just .	At least two people will share the $ 648 million jackpot from Tuesday 's Mega Millions lottery Most who play know they have little chance of winning anything Just : Lottery playing by poor a Hail Mary investment strategy , a ray of hope among the hopeless
CNN  -- Turkey 's peripatetic Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu spent last Thursday in Tehran in negotiations with leading Iranian officials . Davutoglu 's visit comes at a very critical juncture in U.S.-Iran relations , as saber-rattling dangerously escalates over the United States ' ever-more stringent sanctions and Iran 's threat to close the Strait of Hormuz . Davutoglu 's visit also comes as Shia-Sunni tensions in Iraq rise in the wake of the American withdrawal . These tensions threaten the very survival of Iraq as a united country and have the potential to adversely affect Iran-Turkey relations -- in light of Iran 's strong support of the Shia in Iraq and Turkey 's sympathy for the Sunni cause . Iran and Turkey 's divergent stances on Syria as well as Turkey 's decision to host a NATO anti-missile radar facility close to the Iranian border have added even more to the strain . Reports suggest that much of the talks between Davutoglu and his Iranian counterparts were devoted to ironing out some of these bilateral differences . A major objective of the Davutoglu visit , however , was to kick-start negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 over Iran 's nuclear enrichment program . The group comprises the permanent five members of the U.N. Security Council : France , the UK , China , Russia and the United States , plus Germany . Major Western powers believe the enrichment program is part of Iran 's clandestine ambition to acquire nuclear weapons capability . Negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 have dragged on for years , with Iran insisting on its right under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to enrich uranium for civilian purposes and the Western powers demanding that it suspend its enrichment program to allay fears that it is covertly engaged in building nuclear weapons . The most recent International Atomic Energy Agency report , issued on November 8 , 2011 , brought the dispute to a boiling point by stating for the first time that it had documentation that led it to believe nuclear weapons work had been done under a "  structured program " up to 2003 , and that "  some may still be ongoing . " While this information was not new , the report provided the United States and its European allies the excuse to impose even more stringent sanctions on Iran . The proposed sanctions could seriously damage prospects for Iran 's energy exports by targeting the Central Bank of Iran and preventing it from carrying on financial transactions abroad . They are thus aimed at hitting Iran where it really hurts , although the prospect of Iran 's oil exports being forced off the market also threatens to drastically increase the price of crude internationally . Iran 's ruling elite perceives sanctions that target Iran 's export of crude as existential threats . Iran has , therefore , threatened to block the Strait of Hormuz , through which a fifth to a quarter of the world 's oil passes , if sanctions are imposed on its export of crude . Iran 's capacity to block the strait for any length of time might be debatable , but it is clear that threats and counter-threats have reached a point where a shooting war can not be ruled out completely . This is the last thing Turkey wants to see , caught as it is between its NATO membership and its dependence on energy supplies from Iran . Ankara is fully aware that the cost of a war with Iran would far exceed that of the American invasion and occupation of Iraq . Turkey realizes that Iran is no Iraq , and that Tehran can inflict major damage on American interests and those of its allies , including Turkey , in the Middle East . In this context , it becomes clear that it was Davutoglu 's primary mission in Tehran to persuade the Iranians to resume negotiations with P5 +1 . He delivered a note from the European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , inviting Iran to resume such talks , and Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi apparently responded positively . It is worth noting that Iran 's chief negotiator on nuclear issues , Saeed Jalili , announced a few days ago that Iran was willing to resume negotiations with P5 +1 on the nuclear enrichment issue . Salehi suggested in his news conference with Davutoglu that Turkey would be the ideal venue for these negotiations , a suggestion that is likely to be accepted by Ashton . Istanbul was the venue for the last round of negotiations a year ago and it appears logical that the parties reconvene there . It is likely these negotiations will be re-started , and with Turkey facilitating and providing a venue for them , Turkey could be primarily instrumental in preventing a catastrophe in the Middle East . It could even help ease Western sanctions against Iran , especially the most recent threatening financial transactions with Iran 's Central Bank , which could hurt Turkey 's ability to pay for its energy supply purchases from Iran . It would also help put Iran-Turkey relations , recently mired in disputes surrounding Syria and NATO 's radar facilities in Turkey , on a more even keel and help defuse tensions between these two most important political actors in the Middle East . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Mohammed Ayoob : Turkey 's minister visits Iran as tensions rise between West , Iran Ayoob notes Western nations vow stricter sanctions on Iran over nuclear program Iran vows to close Strait of Hormuz ; he says Turkey caught in the middle of disputes Turkey holding talks between West , Iran , he says , might head off confrontation
A Utah couple is facing a $ 3,500 fine and a damaged credit score for doing what many people do after a bad purchasing experience : posting an online review . Their story -- first reported by CNN 's affiliate in Salt Lake City KUTV -- started in 2008 when John Palmer bought his wife Christmas gifts off KlearGear.com . The items never arrived and the Palmers said the transaction was automatically canceled . "  After 30 days , PayPal said ` Hey , there 's no activity here ' and they turned around and gave the money back into my husband 's account and effectively canceled the sale , " Jen Palmer told CNN . After repeated calls to KlearGear.com to find out what happened , Jen Palmer posted a review of the company on ripoffreport.com saying in part , "  There is absolutely no way to get in touch with a physical human being . No extensions work . " Web 's black market peddles drugs , guns More than three years later , the Palmers received an e-mail appearing to be from KlearGear.com stating that they would be fined $ 3,500 if the negative review posted on ripoffreport.com was n't taken down within 72 hours . "  We were shocked that someone would attempt to do this because it 's ridiculous that anyone would turn around and try to extort us like this , " Jen Palmer said . Button lets kids remove online posts they regret The e-mail cited an obscure non-disparagement clause in the terms of use contract that states : "  Your acceptance of this sales contract prohibits you from taking any action that negatively impacts KlearGear.com . " The Palmers say this clause was added after they purchased the items , citing their 2008 customer agreement which they found . Legal experts warn that more and more companies are adding this type of language in the fine print as protection . "  The First Amendment does not protect certain kinds of free speech and you can sign a contract giving away your free speech , " according to CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . He said he believes KlearGear.com 's terms of use contract is not fair and would likely be thrown out by the court . Study : 15 % of American adults are not online The Palmers tried to take down their online review , but could n't because ripoffreport.com requires the company to enter into arbitration to have a post removed , which would cost $ 2,000 , and KlearGear.com refused . So KlearGear.com reported the Palmers ' $ 3,500 unpaid fine to a collections company . After that , Jen Palmer said the couple had trouble getting approved for financing because their credit score took a huge hit . CNN e-mailed KlearGear.com and tried multiple phone numbers listed on its website . No one responded back and all the numbers were disconnected . KlearGear.com did respond via e-mail to KUTV , defending its actions , referring to its "  terms of sale , " and saying its request that Jen Palmer remove her post was not blackmail but a "  diligent effort to help them avoid  the fine  . " Holiday shoppers pledge to buy American The Better Business Bureau is investigating KlearGear.com separately and has put the company on alert . KlearGear.com is n't the only company with a so-called non-disparagement clause in its customer agreement terms . CNN found a similar clause on a vacation rental company , shoredreams.net , that threatens a charge of up to $ 10,000 for online reviews containing "  unreasonable negative sentiment . " After a CNN report about the clause aired , the company removed it from its terms and conditions , citing customer feedback . A spokeswoman for shoredreams.net explained that the non-disparagement clause was intended to provide protection against customers who demand compensation by threatening unreasonable negative reviews after leaving a unit . The company adds it has never imposed a fine on a customer for violating the clause . Since the Palmers ' story first surfaced , a wave of outrage has made its way across the Internet against KlearGear.com and as a result , the company has since protected its Twitter account and shut down its Facebook page , according to Techcrunch.com . The Palmers say they 're taking their fight all the way to court . "  We do n't want them to get away with this , " Jen Palmer said . "  We are apparently not the only ones that they have done this to , but we are the only ones who are fighting back . And we 're not giving up . " During this busy online shopping season , retail analysts suggest you take steps to protect yourself by taking the time to read the fine print and ensure a company is legitimate before buying a product online . And if you do write a negative review , make sure it 's accurate because you could be sued for libel even if the company does n't have a non-disparagement clause , according to CNN legal expert Paul Callan .	A Utah man purchased online gifts , but they never came After getting no response from the company , his wife posted a negative review The company fined the couple $ 3,500 for violating allegedly violating its terms Then they reported the couple to a credit agency when the fine was n't paid
CNN  -- An ice floe forced oil giant Royal Dutch Shell to call off its preparatory drilling off Alaska just a day after the controversial work started , the company announced Monday . The drifting chunk of ice , more than 32 miles long by 12 miles wide , forced the drill ship Noble Discoverer to move off the planned well as a precaution , company spokesman Curtis Smith said . But the ship will be re-anchored within the next few days , and drilling will resume , Smith said . Shell began work on its planned well in the Chukchi Sea , about 90 miles off the Alaskan North Slope , on Sunday . The Interior Department granted the company permission to begin "  certain limited preparatory activities " -- including work related to the installation of a blowout preventer -- on August 30 . Shell 's plans had been held up by BP 's disastrous 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , which prompted a review of offshore drilling plans . Environmental groups argued against the project , warning that a spill would be difficult to plug and clean up in the remote and inhospitable Arctic . Shell says it 's working at far less depth and lower pressures than the BP well that erupted off Louisiana , destroying the Deepwater Horizon drill rig and killing 11 men aboard . But Steve Oomittuk , the mayor of the Alaskan coastal town of Point Hope , said he 's keeping a wary eye on the Shell operation and has concerns about what the future will bring . "  There 's nothing we can do now but I worry about the weather and the animals we depend on for our survival , " he said . If "  Shell finds what it thinks is down there then many other companies are going to come and then it will only be a matter of time before something happens out there . " The U.S. Geological Survey estimates more than 90 billion barrels of oil and nearly 1,700 trillion cubic feet of natural gas may be recoverable . The shrinking of the region 's sea ice -- which hit record lows this year -- has created new opportunities for energy exploration in the region . The amount of the Arctic covered by sea ice fell in late August to the lowest point since satellite observations began in 1979 , the National Snow and Ice Data Center reported . That trend has stretched into September , with 45 % less coverage than September conditions in the 1980s and 1990s . Climate researchers say this decrease in sea ice a symptom of a warming climate , caused largely by the combustion of carbon-rich fossil fuels . The science is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most scientists . CNN 's Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Shell began work on its controversial Arctic project Sunday An ice floe forced the company to halt work on Monday Shell says it can safely drill off Alaska 's coast Environmental groups say a spill there would be catastrophic
Washington  CNN  -- More than 2 feet of snow piled up at the nation 's capital as a blizzard pounded mid-Atlantic states Saturday , cutting power to hundreds of thousands in the region in what the president referred to as "  Snowmaggedon . " Snow fell from southern Indiana eastward to New York , Washington , Pennsylvania , Delaware and the New Jersey coast , gripping states and snarling traffic . The snow did n't stop everyone , however . Some made fun with the white stuff , fashioning "  people " out of snow or having snowball fights . In Washington 's Dupont Circle , about 1,000 people packed , rounded and flung snowballs in between outbursts of laughter . President Obama did n't let the snow keep him from his busy Washington schedule . Faced with the swirling flakes , Obama ditched "  the Beast " -- his souped-up Cadillac limousine -- for an armored , four-wheel drive Chevy Suburban capable of trudging through the several inches of snow . Despite plowing and shoveling , the continuous snow made for a slippery White House driveway . Before the 15-vehicle presidential motorcade pulled out of the driveway headed to the Capital Hilton for Obama 's speech to Democrats , one of the emergency vehicles lost traction and slid into an SUV . No one was in the car at the time . Sliding vehicles in Virginia hit six state police troopers ; three of the troopers suffered minor injuries , police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . About 25.5 inches of snow fell at American University in Washington over two days , inching the city toward the snowfall record . The capital received 28 inches of snow in the "  Knickerbocker Storm " of January 27-28 , 1922 . The blizzard has left hundreds of thousands of customers from Virginia to Pennsylvania without power , utility companies said . As of 7 p.m. , 92,840 customers were without power , Dominion Virginia Power said , down from 207,000 customers Saturday morning . In Maryland and Washington , 104,331 Pepco customers were in the dark , the utility company said . The majority , or 84,829 , live in Montgomery County , Maryland , and 7,643 live in Washington , according to Pepco . Another 23,163 Maryland customers were also without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. . Are you affected by winter weather ? Share photos , videos In Philadelphia , a reported 28.5 inches had fallen at the airport by 4:45 p.m. , the National Weather Service said . "  We are getting absolutely clobbered this morning with snow , " said Steven Steingard , a lawyer who lives in suburban Philadelphia . "  We have about a foot already and they say it will continue for 10 to 12 hours more . " The storm also may produce a record snowfall for Baltimore , which has reported up to 28 inches of snow so far , according to the National Weather Service . Flights canceled , highway crews mobilized In College Park , Maryland , snow-laden power lines drooped onto branches , causing power failures . One city resident , Ben Hampton , told CNN he could hear electrical transformers popping . Annapolis , Maryland , racked up 21.5 inches of snow by 3 p.m. Saturday . State officials said 2,400 pieces of equipment were trying to clear highways . The state also was relying on 300 National Guard members to help with ongoing weather trouble . Crews have about 12 to 24 more hours of work ahead to clear roads and ready them for the Monday commute , Maryland Emergency Management Agency spokesman Ed McDonough told CNN . "  It was coming down 2 to 3 inches an hour at times and snow plows just ca n't keep up with that , " he said . In some areas , snow piled as high as 30 inches tall , McDonough said . More than 750 personnel were clearing roads in Washington , Mayor Adrian Fenty said . But the heavy , wet snow has even trapped some plows , Washington Department of Transportation director Gabe Klein said . Flights were canceled at the Washington-Baltimore area 's three main airports and at Philadelphia International Airport . Amtrak has canceled many trains in and out of Washington , and Greyhound has halted bus service until 1 p.m. Sunday , Klein said . On Friday , a weather-related accident in Virginia 's Wythe County left two dead , state police said . A father and son stopped on a shoulder to help injured occupants of a disabled vehicle . Minutes later , a tractor-trailer jackknifed and struck their van while trying to avoid hitting the disabled car . The father and son died at the scene , state police said . Virginia state police said the accident was one of many crashes and disabled cars reported . Winter storm warnings were in effect from southern Indiana eastward to New York and south to North Carolina , with blizzard warnings for Washington , Delaware and the New Jersey coast . Delaware Gov. Jack Markell declared a state of emergency Friday night and ordered all vehicles off the roads by 10 p.m. Forecasters were predicting that the mountains of West Virginia and Maryland , west of the nation 's capital , would receive the most snow -- possibly 3 feet . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Suzanne Malveaux and Angela Fritz contributed to this report .	Maryland officials say 2,400 pieces of road-clearing equipment in use More than 200,000 still without power , though many customers reconnected 28.5 inches reported at the Philadelphia airport by 4:45 p.m Flights canceled at Washington-Baltimore area airports , as well as Philadelphia 's
Ottawa  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and his wife will join thousands of people Friday to mark Canada Day during their first official foreign trip as a married couple . Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , arrived in Ottawa on Thursday aboard a Royal Canadian Air Force jet "  Catherine and I are so delighted to be here in Canada . Instilled in us by our parents and grandparents , we love this country . We have been looking forward to this moment for a very long time , " William said . They attended a series of events , including laying a wreath at the National War Memorial to recognize Canada 's servicemen and women . On Thursday evening , they met with young Canadians at a barbecue . Prince William has said it is a "  great privilege " to be invited to Canada for their first trip as a married couple . The itinerary for the nine-day tour features a mix of official events with less formal activities , including a cooking workshop in Montreal and the Calgary Stampede , an annual rodeo and festival . On Friday , the couple will mark Canada Day by attending a citizenship ceremony and joining thousands of people for a show featuring music and military displays . Friday would have been the 50th birthday of Prince William 's mother , Princess Diana , who visited Canada with Prince Charles in 1983 . Widespread support for the monarchy makes Canada , which is part of the Commonwealth -- a loose association of nations that used to be part of the British Empire -- a pretty safe bet for a debut royal tour , correspondents say . However , anti-monarchy protesters are expected to demonstrate Sunday at Quebec City Hall . This is not the first trip to Canada for Prince William , who was mobbed by screaming girls when he visited in 1998 . "  I have wonderful memories from my last times in Canada and as such we consider it a great privilege to have been invited to Canada for our first joint tour , " he said . The itinerary also includes stops in Prince Edward Island -- where Prince William will take part in a coast guard rescue exercise -- the Northwest Territories and Alberta . After they wrap up their Canadian tour , the prince and duchess will head to California for three days . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince William and Catherine arrive in Ottawa , the first stop on their tour It is the couple 's first official trip since their wedding in April Prince William says it is a "  great privilege " to be invited to Canada
CNN  -- Two former presidents reflected on their greatest regrets in office Monday , each looking back to issues that continue to plague the nation years later . Former presidents and political rivals Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush now share philanthropic efforts . Former Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the National Automobile Dealers Association in New Orleans , Louisiana . Asked his biggest regret after leaving office , Bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get Saddam Hussein to leave office at the end of the first Gulf War in 1991 . He told the gathering , "  I 've thought a lot about it , but at the end of Desert Storm , the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until Saddam Hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table , surrendered . And the common wisdom was he would n't do that . " But he said a conversation with an FBI agent who interrogated Saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider . Bush recalled their talk , "  I said , ` What if we just say he has to come to surrender , would he have done it ? ' And this guy said , ` I 'm absolutely convinced he would have . ' My experts tell me he would n't have . " Bush said , "  We ended it the way we said we would " as a military success , but noted a cleaner ending "  would have been perfect . " He added , "  If we had tried to get Saddam Hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table , I think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him . " On a day that President Barack Obama dispatched George Mitchell to the Middle East as the latest U.S. envoy , Clinton discussed the failure to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians . "  My No. 1 regret is that I was not able to persuade Yasser Arafat to accept the peace plan I offered at the end of my presidency that the Israelis accepted . "  If he had done that ... we had had seven years of progress toward peace . We had one year in 1998 , the only year in the history of Israel where not a single soul was killed in a terrorist act . The Palestinians had more control over West Bank then than they do today , " Clinton said . "  And if he had taken that deal , we would have a Palestinian state and we would have had , I think now , normal peaceful relations with Israel and all of its Arab neighbors . " Clinton said a deal would have helped the U.S. handle other issues in the region , saying , "  We 'd be much better positioned to deal with the problem of Iran , and we would have taken away about half the arguments of terrorists around the world by giving the Palestinians their state and creating a cooperative , positive interdependence in the Middle East , not a negative one . And so , I think that would have done more good to save more lives and help more people , and I wish I had been able to do that . " Clinton also said he regretted not doing more to "  stop the Rwandan genocide , " and succeeding on a new health care plan . He said "  presidents should share freely ... the mistakes they made " with historians , because it teaches lessons . He said he shared problems during the lunch with Obama and the four living presidents , saying , "  You want each new president to make new mistakes , not the same ones . " Clinton added , "  all of us know if you make enough decisions , you 're going to make a few of them are n't right . "	Middle East leaves George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton with some regrets Bush wonders whether he should have pressed harder for Saddam 's surrender Clinton looks back at Palestinian-Israeli peace process with some remorse Presidents should share their mistakes as a learning tool , Clinton says
CNN  -- A man with a knife hijacked a school bus in central Arkansas on Thursday morning , taking 11 elementary school students and their driver on a detour that police ended after a roughly 10-mile chase , authorities said . Nicholas John Miller , 22 , was arrested after the incident , which began in Jacksonville -- about 12 miles northeast of Little Rock -- and ended in nearby Cabot , Jacksonville Police Capt. Kenny Boyd said . No one -- including the 11 students of Pinewood Elementary School in Jacksonville and the bus driver -- was injured , Boyd said . The incident began with Miller allegedly demanding a car from a woman in Jacksonville , Boyd said . But she "  did not have one to give , " Jacksonville police added in a news release . The bus had stopped nearby , and Miller left the woman , boarded the bus and , armed with the knife , took over the driver 's seat , Jacksonville police said . The woman called police , who eventually found the bus and pursued it north to Cabot . A cell phone video of the chase , recorded by 17-year-old onlooker Kelsey Eggers and provided to CNN , shows a bus moving along a two-lane road pursued by 10 police cars with flashing lights . Police stopped the bus roughly 20 minutes after the hijacking began , according to Boyd . "  We were able to get the bus stopped . The suspect was taken into custody , and nobody was injured , " he said . According to an arrest report , Miller told authorities that people were after him and that he needed to take the bus to save his life . He said he had no plans to hurt any of the children or the driver . An office worker who answered the phone at the school Thursday morning said parents were being notified . Miller was being charged Thursday with a felony count of vehicle piracy , 12 felony counts of kidnapping , and two felony counts of aggravated assault , Jacksonville police spokeswoman April Kiser said . The incident was not his first brush with the law this year . In May , according to a police report , Miller was arrested on suspicion of breaking and entering a vehicle , and stealing a shotgun and money . He was sentenced in September to 24 months of probation . Miller 's grandmother , Elsie Miller , said she did n't know why he would have hijacked a bus , and she had n't had a chance to speak with him since his arrest Thursday . She said her grandson lives in Jacksonville . "  He has a good heart . I am totally surprised , " she said . Boy kidnapped from school bus held in underground bunker CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect told authorities people were after him , needed the bus to save his life NEW : Nicholas John Miller , 22 , is arrested ; incident is not his first brush with the law this year Police : Miller , armed with knife , boarded bus and took the wheel in Jacksonville , Arkansas 11 children and the bus driver were on board ; no one was injured , police say
Mashable  The Knickerbocker in New York City opens its doors to guests on Thursday , more than a century since John Jacob Astor IV built the hotel . Designed in the Beaux-Arts style , "  the Knick " first opened on October 23 , 1906 , and the building has collected many anecdotes -- like being the  rumored  birthplace of the original martini -- in the years since . At its opening in 1906 , the hotel was marketed as having "  prices within the reach of all . " "  While the Knickerbocker has not exactly furnished itself with a motto , the manager and his assistants will tell you that they are running ' a Fifth Avenue Hotel at Broadway prices , ' " the New York Times wrote of the opening . "  Between the hours of 1 and 6 o'clock the fifteen-story structure on the southeast corner of Forty-second Street and Broadway was thronged with visitors , " the Times wrote . "  The lobby , on the Forty-second Street side , was much admired by the host of visitors , and all paused to take a look at the representation of Father Knickerbocker in the entrance hall . " Rates in 1906 averaged $ 3.25 a day  or about $ 78 in today 's dollars after adjusting for inflation  , according to the Times . Unfortunately travelers are unlikely to come by a room at that price in 2015 : Room rates on the Knickerbocker 's website start at $ 446 . When John Jacob died on the Titanic in 1912 , his son Vincent took over , eventually closing the hotel in 1921 . As for why he closed it , speculators have blamed either prohibition , or a lack of interest in  or ability to afford  elaborate accommodations . Mashable : Watch an implosion reduce this Las Vegas hotel to rubble ... almost In the years afterward , the building changed ownership several times . It was converted to offices and housed Newsweek magazine from 1940 to 1959 . The Knickerbocker was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 , and designated a New York City landmark in 1988 . Landmark status brings with it certain protections for the exterior of the structure , which made the restoration complicated , according to the Knickerbocker 's managing director Jeff David . Exterior details -- like the copper lion heads around the rooftop terrace -- were meticulously preserved while the interior was completely redone . "  We 're embracing the hotel 's original DNA , while simultaneously offering guests intuitive service and relevant luxury , " David said in a statement . "  The Knickerbocker 's history is something that most luxury hotels can not offer . " Texas-based FelCor Lodging Trust , which purchased and funded the $ 240-million redevelopment of the Knickerbocker , owns more than 70 hotels in the U.S. , according to the Wall Street Journal . The company originally planned to open the hotel in late 2013 , later revising the date to 2015 . Times Square has changed nearly beyond recognition since the hotel first opened . Whereas the 16-story structure used to stand out , it is now surrounded by high rises and is one of the few Beaux-Arts buildings left . Mashable : Norway musicians play instruments made of ice The original Knick welcomed "  glitterati and dignitaries , " according to the hotel , and famous guests included F. Scott Fitzerald , who set a chapter of "  This Side of Paradise " in the hotel bar ; Italian operatic tenor Enrico Caruso , whose wife gave birth in one of the rooms ; and John D. Rockefeller , who ordered those original martinis with his Wall Street friends . There were 556 sleeping rooms and 400 baths in the original hotel , accommodating about 1,000 guests . The newly-opened hotel will have 330 guestrooms , including 31 suites . For history buffs , there is one part of the Knickerbocker that unfortunately will not be re-opening : The sub-level ballroom , with a direct entrance from the subway platform . Mashable : What a night in New York City looks like from 7,500 feet When the hotel was built , the nascent subway was so exciting to John Jacob Astor IV he had a door -- still visible today -- installed to provide direct access to one of the early lines . The area behind the door -- a corridor leading to the upper levels of the hotel -- is owned by the MTA , which apparently is n't interested in how much 21st century New Yorkers would be interested in a restored subway entrance . The lower-level parlor was elaborately decorated in the hotel 's early years , but now sits in disrepair . David expects the history of the hotel -- with or without a refurbished subway parlor -- to attract guests . "  By drawing inspiration from our past to create a lifestyle experience that is beyond typical luxury hotel amenities , The Knickerbocker will undoubtedly appeal to both local New Yorkers and international travelers , " he said . © 2015 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The Knickerbocker opened in 1906 The Times Square hotel closed in 1921 , and the building was used for offices The renovated hotel will have 330 guest rooms
