Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Ten Americans accused of trying illegally to take 33 children from Haiti had met with a Haitian police officer and a Dominican official the week before being stopped at the border , interpreters who worked with the group said Wednesday . One interpreter said the officer offered to help the Americans with the paperwork required take the children out of the country . The Americans -- five men and five women , some of whom are members of Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho -- were arrested in Haiti after being turned back from the Dominican Republic border on Friday night . A Haitian lawyer representing the Americans told reporters Wednesday that the arrests were illegal and that their clients had only been trying to help . The Americans , who were interviewed Wednesday by Judge Isai Jean Louis , are to appear Thursday before the attorney general , who is handling the case , lawyer Edwin Coq said . Around noon Wednesday , Haitian authorities took away for questioning a Haitian police officer who works at the Dominican Embassy , officials said . They said he would be asked whether he provided illegal paperwork to the Americans to facilitate their efforts to remove the children from the country . Three interpreters who had translated for the Americans told CNN that the Americans met last week at least twice with the officer -- at the embassy and consulate . Full coverage of Haiti earthquake , aftermath The Americans have said they had the permit they thought they needed from the Dominican authorities , but the Dominican consul general told CNN that that was not the case . Carlos Castillo said he met Friday with Laura Silsby , the leader of the group . He said he told her the documentation was not in order and warned her that , if she were to attempt the trip , she could be accused of child trafficking . "  The Haitian authorities contacted me , they called me , and they told me that she was telling them she had the authorization from the Dominican authorities to cross the border , which was a lie , " Castillo said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul attempted to get comment from the jailed Americans in Haiti 's capital , but they would not discuss the matter , responding to his questions by singing "  Amazing Grace " and praying . The group , New Life Children 's Refuge , said it was "  rescuing " abandoned children by moving them to the Dominican Republic , where it was building an orphanage . The group 's effort came after an earthquake last month killed tens of thousands in Haiti . The U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince said Sunday that the Americans had been detained for "  alleged violations of Haitian laws related to immigration . " SOS Children 's Villages , where Haitian authorities took the 33 children after the Americans ' arrests , said at least 20 of the kids are n't orphans and many others have relatives such as aunts and uncles . Search for the missing , found Several residents of the village of Calebasse , more than an hour from Port-au-Prince , told CNN this week they had voluntarily handed over their children to Silsby . The parents said Silsby told them she would give their children a better life and promised that they could see them whenever they wanted . Told Monday that many of the children had living parents , Silsby said during a jailhouse interview , "  I did not know that . " She added , "  In our hearts , our intention was to help children that had been orphaned or abandoned by their parents . " But the interpreters said they translated conversations between Silsby and the parents in Calebasse and that Silsby must have been aware of the children 's status . Jean Sainvil , a pastor who helped find children from a camp in the Delmas neighborhood of the capital , told CNN that the Americans told him they were seeking orphans . Sainvil said he rounded up 20 children and handed them to the Americans on Thursday , though the translators put the number he helped at 13 . Some of those who were receptive to his call apparently included parents . "  One of them turned five children over , " he said . "  Mother came out with children , said ` You can have them all , ' she does n't have a home , she is hopeless . " He said no money changed hands . One interpreter said representatives of the group met with a Haitian police officer on January 26 . The officer told Silsby that her group could n't gather Haitian children as they were doing , but then offered his help , the interpreter said . "  They met a police guy and he told them that he could help , and he was helping them with some paper , " interpreter Steve Adrien said . "  We did not meet him in a police station , but in the street in a car . " The Americans met again with the man in Port-au-Prince on Thursday , near the Dominican Embassy , the translator said . "  He was helping Laura -LSB- Silsby -RSB- to get in touch with the ambassador in the Dominican Embassy , " said Isaac Adrien , Steve 's brother and another of the interpreters . He said the group came away from the meeting with a document from the embassy that the Americans took with them to the border Friday . Though the group said it planned to start an orphanage in the Dominican Republic , it has no experience running an orphanage , has not registered as an international adoption agency and has not filed with the U.S. government as a nonprofit . Church pastor Clint Henry was unfazed . "  I believe that the kind of knowledge that it takes to begin an organization that works that way was in place , " he told CNN . "  The kind of employees that it takes to successfully run an orphanage , those were going to be hired . " On Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the matter "  unfortunate . " "  We know how to do this in the right way and it was unfortunate that , whatever the motivation , that this group of Americans took matters into their own hands , " she said , adding that U.S. authorities were in discussions with the Haitian government "  about the appropriate disposal of their cases . " Government approval is needed for any Haitian child to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children have no passports . The number of Haitian orphans taken to the United States after the earthquake -- those whose approval and paperwork had been in the bureaucratic pipeline at the time of the disaster -- is 578 , with 44 others awaiting transportation , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said . CNN 's Dan Simon in Meridian , Idaho ; Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince , Haiti ; and Jill Dougherty in Washington contributed to this report .	Interpreter : Policeman offered to help the Americans take the children out of Haiti Ten Americans were arrested after trying to take children into Dominican Republic Group acknowledged children did not have passports to leave country Haitian authorities say they 're interviewing police officer
CNN  -- Defending champion Alberto Contador has issued an apology after he took advantage of his rival Andy Schleck 's mechanical failure to seize the yellow jersey in the Tour de France . Schleck , who was leading Astana rider Contador by 31 seconds in the overall standings going into stage 15 on Monday , dropped his chain while launching an attack on the day 's final climb and had to stop to repair the problem . Rather than waiting for his rival -- in keeping with the Tour 's sporting traditions -- Contador and a group including fellow contenders Denis Menchov and Samuel Sanchez stole a march to the finish , gaining 39 seconds on Schleck . Contador now leads Saxo Bank 's Schleck by eight seconds in the overall standings , with Spain 's Sanchez two minutes behind the leader in third and Russia 's Menchov two minutes , 13 seconds back . See Contador 's Youtube apology here Spaniard Contador was booed by the French crowd as he was awarded the yellow jersey on the podium and was heavily criticized by Schleck . But after reflecting on the stage , Contador issued a video on Youtube saying : "  The race was in full gear and , well , maybe I made a mistake . I 'm sorry . "  At a time like that all you think about is riding as fast as you can . I 'm not happy , in the sense that , to me , fair play is very important . "  The kind of thing that happened today is not something I like , it 's not my style and I hope my relationship with Andy will remain as good as before . " Luxembourg 's Schleck , the runner-up to two-time champion Contador last year , was angered by what he saw as a lack of "  fair play " and vowed to take "  revenge " on his rival . "  In the same situation I would not have taken advantage , " Schleck said , AFP reported . "  I 'm not the jury , but for sure those guys would n't get the fair play award from me today . "  I 'm really disappointed . My stomach is full of anger , and I want to take my revenge . I will take my revenge in the coming days . " In a similar situation in 2003 , Germany 's Jan Ullrich was praised for his sportsmanship after he waited for Lance Armstrong to recover from a collision with a spectator in the Pyrenees . Armstrong then surged forward to win the stage by 40 seconds en route to the fifth of his seven Tour victories . The 187.5 kilometer stage from Pamiers to Bagneres-de-Luchon - the second of four stages in the Pyrenees - was won by French champion Thomas Voeckler after a fine solo ride , finishing nearly three minutes ahead of the race favorites . Voeckler 's triumph gave France their fifth victory in 15 stages .	NEW : Contador apologizes for taking advantage of Schleck problem in stage 15 Contador takes yellow jersey from Andy Schleck in controversial fashion Contador gains 39 seconds after Schleck drops his chain on final climb Contador , who did not wait for Schleck , booed as he collects yellow jersey
CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president has accepted opposition demands for constitutional reforms and holding parliamentary elections by the end of the year , according to a statement issued by his office . The statement said President Ali Abdullah Saleh was "  committed to undertaking all possible initiatives to reach a settlement " with the opposition JMP bloc and "  prevent any future bloodshed of the Yemeni people . " According to the statement , Saleh "  has accepted the five points submitted by the JMP , including formation of a government of national unity and a national committee to draft a new constitution , drafting a new electoral law , and holding a constitutional referendum , parliamentary elections and a presidential vote by the end of the year . "  These accepted proposals have been submitted to the mediating party on the basis that this would end the current state of political turmoil facing the nation and paving the way for a smooth , peaceful and democratic transition , " the statement from Saleh 's office said . There was no immediate reaction from the opposition , which previously has demanded Saleh 's immediate resignation . On Tuesday , a JMP spokesman rejected a report that Saleh was offering to step down by early 2012 . "  Any offer that does not include the president 's immediate resignation is rejected , " JMP spokesman Mohammed Qahtan said . Saleh 's statement came on the same day that Yemen 's parliament approved a 30-day extension of emergency powers he declared last week in response to the protests . The emergency law expands the government 's powers of arrest , detention , and censorship . The president 's standing has weakened after some government officials and military officers declared their support for the opposition Monday in the wake of a crackdown on protesters that left 52 people dead last week . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Wednesday for full political dialogue in Yemen involving all players to find a peaceful solution . Saleh , who has been in power for 32 years , has been a U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terrorist network based in Yemen . "  The people of Yemen have the same rights as people anywhere , and we support dialogue as a path to a peaceful solution , " Clinton said in Washington . Asked about putting any pressure on Saleh , Clinton said : "  We are certainly making our views known on both a regular and consistent basis , both publicly and privately . " Yemen 's army repelled an attack Tuesday on a military position by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , killing 12 militants and wounding five , a Yemeni official said , citing sources at the Interior Ministry in Sanaa . The official , who spoke on condition of not being named because he is not authorized to talk to the media , said the attack occurred east of the city of Lawdar , in Abyan province in southwest Yemen . The violence against opposition demonstrators last week drew international condemnation . Rupert Colville of the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights said Tuesday that the agency deplored the reported killings of protesters , including allegations of snipers shooting from rooftops . "  All such violations of human rights must indeed be investigated by independent and impartial mechanisms , " Colville said in Geneva . Saleh and Maj. Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar on Monday discussed a deal for a peaceful transition of power that would allow Saleh to stay in place for the rest of the year , a Yemeni official and senior U.S. official said . Then on Tuesday , Saleh appeared to criticize the powerful general and other officers who declared their support for the opposition on Monday , saying , "  Any division in the military will have negative impacts on the whole country . " A government official said the speech was a warning to those who broke ranks . "  Saleh was sending a message to the generals who defected yesterday , telling them , you know you 're going to come back , so why not come back now rather than trying to do so later ? " said the official , who asked not to be named because of the sensitive situation . Al-Ahmar , who belongs to an important tribe whose backing is significant for Saleh , said Monday he would order his troops to protect civilians demonstrating against the president . Other officials who announced their support for the opposition Monday included Yemen 's ambassador to Britain and the embassy 's entire diplomatic staff , as well as Yemen 's ambassador to the European Union , Mohamed Jaffer . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday the United States was "  obviously concerned about the instability in Yemen . We consider al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which is largely located in Yemen , to be perhaps the most dangerous of all the franchises of al Qaeda right now . " Radical American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki is believed to be hiding in the country . The cleric has been linked to terror plots including the attempt to bomb a Detroit-bound plane on Christmas Day 2009 , and he corresponded separately with a British Airways employee about trying to smuggle explosives onto planes . Top American officials , including U.S. President Barack Obama 's counter-terrorism chief , have traveled to Yemen to meet with Saleh . Leaked diplomatic cables suggest Saleh 's government helped disguise strikes by U.S. unmanned drones on terror targets in Yemen by calling them Yemeni actions . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry , Caroline Faraj , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Pam Benson , Jo Shelley and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Yemeni parliament extends emergency law for 30 days President Saleh agrees to a new constitution and elections The opposition previously rejected any plan without Saleh 's immediate ouster Some government , military officials have joined the opposition
CNN  -- European Union peacekeepers in Bosnia on Tuesday raided homes belonging to family members of Ratko Mladic , the highest-ranking figure still at large from the Balkan conflict in the mid 1990s , Serbian media reported . Portuguese peacekeepers stand guard outside a home raided on Tuesday . The force raided houses belonging to Mladic 's sister , Milica Avram , and sister-in-law , Radinka Mladic , in East Sarajevo , an area of the city inside the Bosnian Serb-controlled Republika Srpska , a seperate political entity to the Muslim-Croat-controlled Bosnia-Croat Federation . The raids were a part of a broader operation targeting locations and people who are believed to be helping Mladic evade trial , the reports said . Serbian authorities recently put up "  wanted " posters for Mladic at police stations across Serbia , reminding people of the 1 million euro  $ 1.3 million  reward for any information leading to Mladic 's capture . Mladic , who commanded the Bosnian Serb military during the 1992-95 war in Bosnia-Herzegovina , has been the Balkans ' most wanted since former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was arrested in Belgrade last July . The 66-year-old is wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  for allegedly overseeing the killings of almost 8,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica in July 1995 . Mladic is charged with genocide , crimes against humanity , and violations of the laws of war . He has been on the run for 13 years , ever since the ICTY issued the indictments against him . The ICTY has accused Serbia of knowing Mladic 's whereabouts and letting him slip through their hands . Serbia 's status as a candidate for European Union membership also remains conditional on Mladic being handed over to the ICTY . Serbian leaders have denied protecting Mladic .	EU troops in Bosnia raid homes belonging to family members of Ratko Mladic Former Bosnian Serb general is highest ranking accused war criminal at large Mladic accused of orchestrating Srebrenica massacre in 1995 Raids part of operation targeting those believed to be helping Mladic evade trial
CNN  -- Nisreen lies listless curled under a blanket , an armed rebel guard at her door . She looks vulnerable , and younger than her age - 19 . She has soft features , a heart-shaped face , large brown eyes and full lips . She speaks haltingly , often falling into a tortured silence , unable to verbalize her thoughts and emotions as haunting images of what she did play out like a curse in her mind . "  One of them had facial hair , like this . " She gestures in the shape of a goatee around her mouth , recalling the face of one of the young men she shot dead . Nisreen became an executioner for Moammar Gadhafi 's forces . She admits she murdered 11 rebels , all prisoners of the Gadhafi regime .  CNN is not identifying Nisreen with her full name because of her experiences in Gadhafi 's all-female brigade . "  They brought one person in at a time and they said shoot him , " she tells us , her voice quiet , her words chilling . "  There was someone on either side of me and one behind and they said if you do n't shoot we will shoot you . " She pauses , sliding back into that horrific moment . "  I would turn my head away and shoot . I saw the blood dripping , it just kept flowing . " She says she was told the rebels wanted to rape women and pillage the capital . Nisreen was a member of the female unit of Gadhafi 's popular militia . She says she was forcibly taken from her mother - who is battling cancer - by the head of the unit , a family friend . She says the two argued , about what she does n't know . That was around a year ago . She was trained to handle weapons and then kept by her commander at the headquarters of the 77th Brigade , right next to Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound . She and the hundreds of other women who made up her unit were kept isolated , cut off from their families . Some of the women with her were ardent supporters of the regime . She says she was n't , but she could n't leave . "  My brother came and tried to get me out , " she says , but he was threatened and told to leave . When the uprising began in February , she says her female leader summoned her to see the 77th Brigade commander . He raped her . "  I screamed , " she tells us . It made no difference . She was summoned twice again and raped by two other commanders . Her leader told her she had to bear it . She says all the women in her unit were raped , but they were forbidden to speak about it . As the rebels closed in on Tripoli , she and two other young women were assigned to the Bousalim neighborhood , where some of the heaviest fighting was taking place . It was there that she was forced to be an executioner . "  They were all so young , " she says of her victims before sliding into yet another heavy , burdened silence . She escaped by jumping out of a second-story window as a firefight erupted behind her . She was captured by rebel fighters and brought to the hospital . Although the rebels plan to put her on trial , many of them seem to pity her , as do the hospital staff . One of her doctors , Nadia Benyounis , says she was speechless when she first heard about her case . "  When I saw her , I thought that she looked like a kid . Her face is so young , innocent , totally innocent , " she says . "  She lost her life . " "  She was manipulated by Gadhafi forces , unfortunately . Gadhafi manipulated us all . " Benyounis says Nisreen was robbed of everything -- her dignity , her self-worth , her family -- and turned into a killer . "  She is silent all the time . " Benyounis tells us . "  I watch her closely , she tries to sleep all the time to escape from this reality . " But there is no escape . Nisreen 's mother is in Tunisia getting cancer treatment . Nisreen says they spoke on the phone and she told her everthing . "  My mother was very upset , " she says . Her father does n't know . The family fears he is too ill to bear the news . Her eyes well with tears . "  All I want is to go home , " she says . "  I want my mother . "	19-year-old says she was told to kill rebels or be killed by Gadhafi 's men She says she was taken from home and forced to join an all-female brigade She and other women in the brigade were raped repeatedly , she says She says she killed 11 rebels before jumping out a window to escape
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has postponed his return from exile until the political situation in Pakistan and the court cases against him are resolved , a senior leader in his party said Friday . Another party source who is close to Musharraf but did not want to be named said Musharraf will not return in the next year and is stepping out of politics . Musharraf has lived in exile in London and Dubai since resigning in 2008 . He has vowed to return to his home country and run in upcoming elections , though his party recently said he was reassessing those plans after Pakistan 's upper house of parliament demanded his arrest . "  Musharraf did n't want to postpone it ; the party forced him to do this , " said Muhammad Ali Saif , a senior leader in Musharraf 's All Pakistan Muslim League . He said the party made the decision after two days of meetings in Dubai . The party will decide Musharraf 's plan for return once the political situation has been resolved , he added . The unnamed party source said there has also been talk within the All Pakistan Muslim League about whether to disband because Musharraf 's supporters are "  disheartened and frustrated . " Pakistan 's upper house of Parliament passed a nonbinding resolution this week demanding Musharraf be arrested and tried for treason for unconstitutional acts during his regime , Sen. Muhammad Ibrahim Khan said . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Friday that Musharraf will "  certainly " be arrested if he returns to Pakistan . The charges against Musharraf are in connection with the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . A U.N. report in 2010 accused Musharraf 's government of failing to protect Bhutto , who had returned to Pakistan from exile to run for office . Musharraf has denied the allegations , arguing that Bhutto had police protection and took unnecessary risks . Pakistan is facing its most serious political crisis in years , with rapidly escalating conflicts between the civilian government , the military and the judiciary against the backdrop of a faltering economy , widespread poverty , corruption and the bloody war with Islamist militant groups . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Party : Pervez Musharraf is waiting for court cases against him to be resolved in Pakistan Musharraf has lived in exile since 2008 The Pakistani prime minister says Musharraf will be arrested upon his return to Pakistan The charges are in connection with Bhutto 's assassination
CNN  -- U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice withdrew her name from consideration Thursday for secretary of state . Over the past few months , a slew of articles have criticized Rice 's personality . The Daily Beast recently ran a piece titled "  Susan Rice 's Personality Disorder . " These articles allege that America 's U.N. ambassador is "  brusque , " "  dismissive , " "  undiplomatic , " "  shrill " and awful to work for . I felt compelled to write something because these caricatures of Rice bear no resemblance to my former boss . I worked for Susan Rice in 2009 and 2010 as her special assistant in the Washington office of the U.S. Mission to the United Nations . Over the past few weeks , I have talked to other junior staffers for Rice -- current and former -- who all share my surprise at the way she has been described . Junior staffers see a side of their "  principal " -- Washington-speak for boss -- that others do not . Being a special assistant involves a wide swath of activities : couriering papers , sitting in on meetings and delving into some policy issues . In this multifaceted role , my colleagues and I saw Rice as a boss , as a diplomat and as a person . In each arena , Rice demonstrated a rare combination of openness , honesty and passion . Read more : Susan Rice withdraws from consideration as secretary of state Early on in the job , I delivered a 50-page paper on Afghanistan to Rice . Before I could set it down on her desk , she asked , "  What do you think of it ? " I had n't read a word and froze . I soon found out that this was typical of Rice . She always asks people at all levels what they think ; she 's not concerned with hierarchy or status , just ideas . You see this in her strategy meetings , which always involve staff at all levels . You also see this when Rice tours foreign countries . She is just as interested in the stories of people on the streets as the proclamations of ministers -- and often more so . Democrat ` extremely upset ' with Rice 's withdrawal As a diplomat , Rice can be extraordinarily charming . She can put new acquaintances instantly at ease . But she can just as easily snap them to attention . Rice has little patience for dissembling and her insistence on thorough preparation means that she invariably knows the subject matter as well as -- and usually better than -- her interlocutor . This enables Rice to move from charm to hard substance in an instant , getting to the heart of an issue quickly . Some people have criticized this aspect of Rice 's personality as "  undiplomatic . " If diplomacy is the art of talking and doing nothing , then perhaps they 're right . But that has never been Susan Rice . Rice is in government because she believes in strengthening America and improving this world . Rice believes that advancing core principles serves U.S. interests in the long run . You can see this belief guiding her approach to issue after issue , in meeting after meeting . Read more : Rice 's letter to the President Rice is down to earth , too , which won the loyalty of her slightly younger staffers in particular . She has an inexplicably vast collection of go-go music -- a D.C. invention . She has mastered social media and new technology , but only after overcoming a healthy dose of skepticism . And she has a general demeanor , some combination of athlete and wonk , that conveys cool . I do n't mean to minimize the serious policy issues she has handled as U.N. ambassador , a member of President Obama 's Cabinet and a lifelong public servant . One op-ed is not enough space to engage her many accomplishments in government and the various policy disputes that inevitably arise over 20 years in high office . Opinion : A lucky day for Susan Rice All I can say in this short piece -- and say with total confidence -- is that Susan Rice is a wonderful person and an inspiring boss . Washington is filled with people seeking power for its own sake ; people embroiled in partisan politics ; petty people ; imperious , dismissive people ; people who put themselves before others . But that is not Susan Rice . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amar C. Bakshi .	Susan Rice withdraws her name from consideration for State Articles have claimed Rice is undiplomatic and difficult to work for Amar Bakshi says those descriptions clashed with the reality of working for Rice He says Rice demonstrated openness , honesty and passion as a boss
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Marina Ochoa keeps a handful of photos of her little brother in a faded yellow envelope . She has a black-and-white snapshot of him as a baby and some color portraits of him as a successful banker in Miami , Florida . And then there 's one of him as a 7-year-old , about to be airlifted out of Cuba . That was the last time she ever saw him . "  I went to the airport to see him off , " the Cuban filmmaker said at her Havana home . Her brother Frank was one of 14,000 Cuban children quietly sent to the United States between 1960 and 1962 , at the start of Fidel Castro 's revolution . Their parents were terrified the new government would strip them of parental authority and ship their kids off to work camps in what was then the Soviet Union , or send them into the countryside on literacy campaigns . Those fears deepened when the state nationalized industries , confiscated private property and closed religious and private schools . "  Our parents thought they would soon join my brother or that this government would n't last , " Ochoa said . "  My father thought , ` Americans wo n't put up with this radical revolution . ' " Her parents wanted to send Ochoa , then 11 , but she refused to go . The clandestine program came to be known as Operation Peter Pan . It was backed by Washington and coordinated by the Catholic Church , which helped Cuban children get U.S. visas and once in America , find a family or go to foster homes or orphanages . But things did n't play out as expected . To begin with , a CIA-backed invasion failed to topple Castro . With the subsequent Cuban missile crisis , relations between Havana and Washington broke off completely , making travel and even communication almost impossible . Many parents could n't get U.S. visas , and others could n't get permission to leave Cuba . Latin pop star Willy Chirino and former U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez of Florida are perhaps the best-known of the "  Peter Pan " kids . The operation inspires mixed feelings . Many Cuban exiles argue that the airlift saved children who might have died trying to escape on rafts or grown up under a repressive regime . Others say the clandestine program put many kids at unnecessary risk , with a few suffering abuse in foster homes and orphanages . Silvia Wilhelm was airlifted out when she was just 14 . She did n't come back to Cuba for more than 30 years but now visits frequently and promotes cultural and religious exchanges . "  I will always respect my parents ' decision , because they made it at a juncture in time that was when their whole world was falling apart , " she said . Her parents managed to get coveted U.S. visas a year later and moved to Florida . "  I think at the end of the day we were pawns between political powers , two countries . " But it took years for other families to be reunited , and 20 percent of the children never saw their parents again . Ochoa 's brother Frank drifted from home to home , and his family eventually gave up trying to join him . "  He felt so alone that he wrote to my mother , filling pages with the same sentence : Come Mommy . Come Mommy , " she said . In 1993 , Frank died . He was only in his 30s . "  When the bureaucratic hurdles started to ease , it was too late . My brother was already sick . My mother had already died without ever seeing him again , " she said . Ochoa started work on a documentary about the exodus a year later . Politics still divide the countries , but many families touched by Operation Peter Pan have started to reach out to people and places they thought they had lost . Last year , President Obama lifted restrictions on allowing Cuban-Americans to visit relatives in Cuba and made it easier for them to send money to relatives .	14,000 Cuban children sent to U.S. at start of Castro 's revolution Mixed feelings remain about Operation Peter Pan Some families were never reunited Others have started to reach out again as restrictions are lifted
CNN  -- Police have identified a suspect in a fatal shooting and crash on the Las Vegas Strip that left three people dead . The suspect is 26-year-old Ammar Asim Faruq Harris , the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said Saturday in a press release . He is at large , though a black Range Rover police said he was driving early Thursday morning has been impounded . Police consider Harris to be armed and dangerous , and said in a statement that he has "  an extensive and violent criminal history . " He has several tattoos , including a small heart - shaped one below his right eye and a large one of an owl that covers his neck and part of his chest . Kenneth Cherry , an aspiring rapper known as Kenny Clutch , was driving his Maserati around 4:20 a.m. Thursday when someone in a Range Rover shot at his car as it headed north on Las Vegas Boulevard . Cherry , who was shot in the chest and arm , later died at a hospital . The Maserati continued into the intersection of the boulevard and Flamingo Road and collided with a taxi , which caught fire , killing cab driver Michael Boldon , CNN affiliate KVVU said . A passenger in the taxi -- identified by the Clark County coroner 's office as Sandra Sutton-Wasmund , 48 , of Maple Valley , Washington -- also died . Her death and the deaths of Boldon and Cherry have been ruled homicides , according to the coroner 's office . See an iReporter 's video of the fire The fire closed a block and a half of the Strip near some of its biggest draws : Caesars Palace , the Bellagio , Bally 's and the Flamingo . Police collected surveillance video from the casinos . The shooting took place two blocks from where rapper Tupac Shakur was killed in 1996 . The 27-year-old Cherry leaves behind three children , the oldest being 2 years old and the youngest just 2 months , his father said . Kenneth Cherry Sr. blasted news reports and social media messages about his son , claiming some had falsely characterized him as a person "  involved in the rap life . " He also disputed accounts that his son exchanged gunfire with the Range Rover 's driver , saying he was n't even armed at the time . "  I do n't like the way that some of the media stations are portraying my son , because he was black ,  like  he 's a criminal , " the elder Cherry told reporters . "  My son was a good boy . " While the police department statement named Harris as the suspect , it did not indicate any charges have been filed so far . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Traci Tamura and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	The suspect fired from his Range Rover at a Maserati in Las Vegas , police say 26-year-old Ammar Harris is at large , though his car has been impounded , they add The Maserati 's driver was shot , then hit a taxi spurring an explosion that left 2 dead The father of the Maserati 's driver , an aspiring rapper , says he was "  a good boy "
CNN  -- The pilot of Continental Flight 61 died Thursday as the plane flew from Brussels , Belgium , to Newark , New Jersey , the Federal Aviation Administration and Continental Airlines said . Pilot Craig Lenell is shown with daughter Jennifer Lenell-Small , a former Continental employee . The 60-year-old Newark-based pilot died of "  apparently of natural causes " about halfway through the flight , the airline said . He had 32 years of service with Continental , it said . The pilot 's family identified him to CNN as Craig Lenell . The airline said the crew on the flight included an additional relief pilot who took the place of the deceased man , and "  the flight continued safely with two pilots at the controls . " The Boeing 777 landed safely at Newark International Airport at 11:49 a.m. ET Thursday , the airline said . No further details were given . Continental did not release the pilot 's name . Asked whether the plane 's 247 passengers had been told of the situation , a Continental spokesman said only that the plane had arrived safely . Passengers told CNN that they were not informed , and that the only indication of a problem was that an announcement for a doctor was made during the flight . Watch a report about airline procedures " "  I have n't heard anything . " passenger Chris Balchuas , from Houston , Texas , told reporters after the flight . "  They just said there was a medical emergency and were there any doctors aboard . " Another passenger , Dr. Julien Struyzen , said he responded to the request for a doctor and pronounced the pilot dead . "  He was clinically dead when I came in , " Struyzen said . Flight personnel asked him if anything was possible , and he said "  it was not . " He did not give additional details . Struyzen said all flight personnel were "  very professional . " Watch the doctor talk about his experience " Balchuas , after being told what had happened , said , "  Oh , that 's scary . I did n't know anything about that . " He said nothing was unusual about the flight , just that about "  four or five fire trucks and a whole bunch of medical emergency teams " met the plane when it landed . Steve Coleman , a spokesman for the New York and New Jersey Port Authority , said the FAA told Newark airport officials to have emergency crews standing by for the landing . Watch emergency vehicles respond " The plane landed without any problem , he said , and a medical examiner met the plane to help handle the situation . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Mark Norman , Mary Snow , Kiran Khalid , Jason Kessler , Allan Chernoff and Eden Pontz contributed to this report .	NEW : Family identifies pilot as Craig Lenell Passenger says he responded to request for doctor , pronounced pilot dead Flight 61 landed at 11:49 a.m. ET ; jet was carrying 247 passengers , airline says Flight was headed from Brussels , Belgium , to Newark , New Jersey
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . "  30 rock " actors Alec Baldwin , Jane Krakowski , Jack McBrayer , Tina Fey and Tracy Morgan . After a long day 's work , workers often look forward to a relaxing evening at home , enjoying their favorite TV shows to escape the chaos that they  hopefully  left at the office . But what happens when the workplace follows us into the TV ? These days , more and more shows are set in work environments , making it easier for viewers to relate to realistic characters and storylines . In a recent CareerBuilder survey , when asked which TV show reminds them of their work environment , 15 percent of workers said "  The Office . " "  Deadliest Catch , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Lost " trailed with 3 percent each , and "  CSI , " "  Rescue Me " and "  Ugly Betty " followed with 2 percent each , respectively . Here are some of our favorite TV workplaces and why : 1 . "  30 Rock " Work environment : TV network Why we love it : Because it 's entertaining  to say the least  . Summary : Set behind-the-scenes of a fictional , live sketch-comedy show , its characters are beyond hysterical . Between Kenneth , the overeager , quirky , entry-level studio page ; Jenna , the conceited , flirtatious and often flighty actress ; and Tracy , the unpredictable , self-centered and "  crazy movie star , " we barely have time to focus on Jack Donaghy , the interfering network executive and Liz Lemon , the narrator and head writer for the show . 2 . "  The Cleaner " Work environment : Drug intervention Why we love it : Because it 's inspirational to workers and people everywhere . Summary : William Banks , an extreme interventionist , is inspiring in his passion and dedication for his work , referring to it not as a job , but as a calling . "  The Cleaner " focuses on Banks and his small team , all of whom are recovering addicts . Together , they use unconventional , often extreme measures "  by any means necessary " to get rock-bottom addicts on the road to recovery . 3 . "  Glee " Work environment : Secondary education Why we love it : Because it portrays the ups and downs of what it takes to be a great educator . Summary : Will Schuester is an optimistic teacher who takes on the difficult task of restoring the formerly awesome glee club . Despite opposition from his co-workers  specifically , the hilarious gym teacher  , Schuester demonstrates that with a little determination , even the toughest tasks at work can be handled . 4 . "  HawthoRNe " Work environment : Hospital Why we love it : Because it teaches workers to stand up for themselves and others at work . Summary : Whether she 's your boss , your colleague or your nurse , chief nursing officer Christina Hawthorne encourages workers everywhere to make a difference . Compassionate and headstrong , Hawthorne fights for her patients to the death  no pun intended  , defends her staff and stands up to authority if necessary . 5 . "  In Treatment " Work environment : Psychotherapy practice Why we love it : Because it touches on an industry that is n't always talked about , but has become a staple of American society . Summary : A show about a psychotherapist  and his psychotherapist  , the drama captures Dr. Paul Weston and his sessions with his patients . We think it gives the oft-unrecognized psychotherapist some well-deserved credit . 6 . "  Lie to Me " Work environment : Various Why we love it : Because it 's unique , honest and contributes to the greater good . Summary : If your boss is Dr. Cal Lightman , you can forget about feeding him a line about your alarm clock not going off this morning . Lightman is the world 's leading deception expert and can detect the truth by analyzing a person 's body language , facial expressions , voice intonations and speech patterns .  Talk about an intimidating boss .  Lightman and his team help federal law enforcement , government agencies and local police with their most difficult cases . 7 . "  The Listener " Work environment : Paramedics Why we love it : Because it focuses on a  cute  25-year-old paramedic who can read people 's minds , and therefore , solves crimes . How 's that for good qualities in a co-worker ? Summary : Toby Logan can listen to anyone 's most intimate thoughts , a secret he shares with only one other person . He tries to use his gift to help as many people has he can , personally and professionally , but struggles with his own inner demons . 8 . "  Parks and Recreation " Work environment : Local government , specifically the parks and recreation department Why we love it : Because everyone can relate to a character on this show as it pokes fun at how seriously -- or in some cases , lightly -- some people take their jobs . Summary : Documentary cameras follow Leslie Knope , mid-level government official , as she tries to advance her career by helping turn an abandoned construction pit into a community park with no thanks to one colleague who "  cheerfully exploits his government position for personal gain , " and her boss , "  who is philosophically opposed to government in any form . " If nothing else , this workplace is pure comedy . 9 . "  Rescue Me " Work environment : New York City firehouse Why we love it : Because it pulls on our heartstrings watching the camaraderie and relationships among colleagues . Summary : Focusing on the men in a New York City firehouse -- the crew of the fictional Firehouse 62 -- the show mainly follows Tommy Gavin , a veteran firefighter and relapsed alcoholic . We also get a peek into the lives of his crew , and the day-to-day struggles firefighters face personally and professionally every day . 10 . "  True Blood " Work environment : Local diner/small town Why we love it : Because of its character storylines -- especially the cute vampire coupled with a telepathic waitress . Summary : Realistically , this "  workplace " is n't realistic at all , what with the selling and dealing of vampire and synthetic blood ; anti-vampire movements and the general idea of the co-existence of humans and vampires . But Merlotte 's is your typical small business ... Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Survey asks people which TV show workplace reminds them of their own 15 percent identified with "  The Office " about coworkers at paper company office "  Deadliest Catch , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Lost " were the choice of 3 percent each "  30 Rock , " "  HawthoRNe " and "  Rescue Me " were also favorites
CNN  -- A 2009 helicopter crash in which eight people died was due to a bird striking the chopper 's windshield , the National Transportation Safety Board said Wednesday . "  Contributing to the accident , the board said , were the lack of -LSB- Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- regulations and guidance requiring helicopter windshields to be resistant to bird strikes , " among other factors , the NTSB said in a news release . On January 4 , 2009 , a dual-engine Sikorsky S-76C helicopter crashed into marshy terrain near Morgan City , Louisiana , about seven minutes after takeoff from Amelie , Louisiana . The copter was on a charter flight to a Gulf of Mexico oil rig . Both pilots were killed , along with six of the seven passengers , according to the NTSB . Heard on the helicopter 's cockpit voice recorder was a "  loud bang , followed by sounds consistent with rushing wind and a power reduction on both engines , " according to the statement . "  The aircraft crashed several seconds later . " Feathers and other debris , identified as belonging to a red-tailed hawk , were collected from the helicopter 's canopy and windshield , the NTSB said . Investigators believe the bird 's impact jarred the fire extinguisher T-handles loose and moved them aft , which pushed both engine control levers into the flight idle position , reducing fuel to both engines , the statement said . "  The pilots were probably disoriented from the broken windshield and rushing air and were unable to react in time to maintain control of the helicopter . " The helicopter was registered to and operated by PHI Inc. , the board said . The helicopter initially was equipped with laminated glass windshields that complied with European bird-strike resistance standards , but PHI had replaced them with lighter-weight acrylic windshields without bird-strike resistance . The crash occurred just days before pilot Chesley Sullenberger and co-pilot Jeffrey Skiles landed a US Airways flight in the Hudson River at New York City after a bird strike to the engines . Only a few minor injuries were reported . The January 15 landing made heroes of Sullenberger and his crew .	Eight people died in the January 2009 crash in Louisiana The chopper 's windshields were not bird-strike resistant , the board says The crash occurred days before a Hudson River landing following a bird strike
CNN  -- "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning " hopes to be the next big , addictive role-playing video game , and its creators are putting an emphasis on "  big " with a wide-ranging environment and a deep story line . But did they take on more than they were prepared to do ? Big Huge Games studio general manager Sean Dunn was working in Los Angeles and content with his lifestyle there when he got a call about working on "  Reckoning . " After seeing what the project and the people were all about , he decided to head east to Baltimore and join the team there . "  This is a passionate and competitive group who want to take on Beth Soft  Bethesda Softworks  , " Dunn said . "  This team stayed together despite being bought and sold by Microsoft and THQ before being bought by 38 Studios . These people believe in what they are doing . " Dunn said the new "  Reckoning " game contains more than 10 novels ' worth of back story from best-selling fantasy author R.A. Salvatore , 45,000 to 50,000 lines of dialogue , the artistic vision of Todd McFarlane and the gaming vision of Ken Rolston . But his team of 110 people was tasked with bringing all that creative energy to life . Lead combat designer Joe Quadara , who worked on games for Crystal Dynamics and Sony Computer Entertainment America  SCEA  , said he was skeptical at first about whether the Big Huge Games team could make a game as big as it envisioned . "  It started hitting its stride about the sixth month , in where it was ` We are making a huge game , and it 's going to be great , ' " Quadara told CNN . "  Once we all convinced ourselves that we were actually doing it , we stopped looking at if we could do things or not and just started building everything . " The goal , Quadara said , was to make a fantastic role-playing game  RPG  that had a great action game built inside . He explained there were constant battles internally on balancing those two types of gaming while still presenting a cohesive story . "  There 's this weird conglomerate of taking the best minds of the RPG group and taking the best minds of the action group and seeing how we could put those together , " he said . "  The engine itself is a full-on action game , fighting game engine , but it 's also a full-on RPG game engine and puts all those hooks into each other . " If trying to design hundreds of weapons with different hit effects and back stories for combat was a challenge , trying to express 10,000 years of history in the game seemed nearly overwhelming for art director Tim Coman . He likened it to riding a bike down a hill . "  You stop worrying about pedaling and just keep moving , " Coman said . "  You just take each individual step as it 's coming and focus on ` We 're going to get this done , going to get this done . ' " "  There 's a depth there that you know walking in , you 're going to be building lots and lots of stuff , " he added . "  Ken Whitman is our lead effects artist , and he 's fantastic . He and I would have conversations daily . How do we push this , yet try to find something that is familiar enough to people so they get it ? " Coman 's artistic team had debates about what was going to be represented , how it would appear visually and whether it was even needed . Eventually , the decisions came down to creating a huge , open world to appeal to gamers ' sense of exploration . "  R.A.  Salvatore  came up with a line that we 've repeated around here : ` If you want people to save the world , you have to give them a world worth saving . ' For us , we wanted to put all that in there so that the players that really are RPG fanatics can see this is a real-deal RPG . And -LSB- for -RSB- the people that are action-game players , it is a real-deal action game . " Both Coman and Quadara admit they do n't know how deep the rabbit hole goes when talking about the depth of "  Reckoning . " "  Take the blue pill , " Coman said while laughing . "  Do n't even get me started on the quests , because there is so much lore , over 10 novels ' worth of writing , just in the game itself , " Quadara added . "  The dialogue is so huge . Each person has so much that they 've contributed to this game that there is no way one person could fit it all in their head . " However , they were able to fit it all on one disk . "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning " is available for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC . It is rated M for Mature because of blood and gore , intense violence and suggestive themes .	New "  Reckoning " game has more than 10 novels in back story from writer R.A. Salvatore Artistic team wanted a creation that appealed to a gamer 's sense of exploration "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning " is available for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC
CNN  -- Eleven Somalis convicted of piracy-related crimes are heading to prison in the island nation of Seychelles , the archipelago 's department of legal affairs said in a press release . The Seychelles ' Supreme Court Monday convicted and sentenced eight of the Somalis for committing an act of piracy and the other three for aiding and abetting an act of piracy . Each of the 11 was sentenced to 10 years in prison , said the statement . The presiding judge of the Supreme Court acquitted the suspects on five other charges related to "  acts of terrorism . " On December 5 and 6 , the pirates -- who were in two small boats -- attacked the Seychelles coast guard vessel Topaz with automatic weapons . "  The aiders and abettors were found in a mother skiff not very far from the attack , " said the statement . "  Evidence has revealed that the mother skiff had provided ammunitions and firearms to the two attack skiffs before they effected the attack . " The international piracy cases are the first to be prosecuted in the Seychelles . The department of legal affairs said the convictions "  will serve as a deterrent for prospective Somali pirates who would otherwise have thought that they would have come into Seychelles waters with impunity . " "  There are 29 other suspected and accused Somali pirates who are still awaiting trial in Seychelles or transfer from the Republic of Seychelles to Somalia , " the statement said . The Seychelles are a group of more than 110 islands located off the east coast of Africa in the western Indian Ocean .	NEW : Seychelles hopes the convictions will be a "  deterrent " to other Somali pirates The piracy cases are the first to be prosecuted in the Seychelles 29 other alleged Somali pirates are awaiting trial
CNN  -- It 's almost unfathomable to believe that Sinead O'Connor could n't have seen this coming . Earlier this week , in an open letter to Miley Cyrus , the Irish singer-songwriter offered the lately controversial pop star such tough-love advice as "  you do n't need to let the music business make a prostitute of you " and "  They 're there for the money ... " and "  Kindly fire any -- who has n't expressed alarm , because they do n't care about you . " Cyrus has certainly seemed to ask for such admonition -- and warning . In recent weeks , she 's shocked the world with antics that have included a seamy , hypersexual awards show performance , a music video in which she swings around naked on demolition equipment and licks sledgehammers , and a Terry Richardson photo session in which she 's depicted smoking blunts and violating herself with a red bodysuit . She has officially , and unfortunately , ushered the word "  twerking " into the vernacular . In return , she 's been called "  crude , " "  a hot mess , " and a lot worse . She 's also gotten immense attention , which is , of course , the point of all of this . When in a recent Rolling Stone interview Cyrus said that O'Connor 's 1990 video for "  Nothing Compares 2 U " helped inspire her own video for her new single , "  Wrecking Ball , " O'Connor , it seems , saw an opening . She swiftly posted a 1,000-word letter to her website and Facebook page , issued , she claimed , "  in the spirit of motherliness and love " and telling the younger musician why and how she should value her body , which is "  for you and your boyfriend " and not the music honchos who "  will be sunning themselves on their yachts in Antigua , which they bought by selling your body . " But by choosing to hand down her advice in such a public forum , O'Connor effectively proved that the aspiring yacht owners are n't the only ones out to get something from Cyrus . She easily could have sent Cyrus a private letter . Instead , O'Connor chose to initiate a very public shaming . That , of course , provoked an aggressive response , igniting a woman-on-woman battle likely as damaging to young female onlookers as O'Connor 's condemnation of Cyrus ' self-exploitation . Once again , we have women beating down on other women . A near-teenager under attack , Cyrus responded like any near-teenager under attack might : Instantly and cruelly . She compared O'Connor to troubled actress Amanda Bynes , tweeting a screen shot of messages O'Connor had posted to Twitter two years ago about her own emotional health . Then she said she was too busy to get into it with O'Connor , because she had a "  Saturday Night Live " gig to prep for . O'Connor 's sympathy for Cyrus , a "  victim " in her eyes only hours earlier , immediately turned far less understanding as she threatened legal action if Cyrus did n't apologize and remove the tweets . She then mocked Cyrus in an objectifying way that was particularly ironic given such missives in her original note as "  you are worth more than your body or your sexual appeal " and "  women are to be valued for so much more than their sexuality . " She wrote that Cyrus "  can take five minutes today between G-string  effing  changes to publicly apologize . " That 's not to say O'Connor does n't have a point -- or a good one . She has called for a public discussion of how male executives at record labels manage young female stars and whether their decisions are always or ever in a star 's best interest . After all , who is looking out for Miley ? Certainly not her parents and certainly not the men from her record company , who are making a ton of money off of her . Larry Rudolph , best known for guiding the career of Britney Spears , is heading Team Cyrus , surely he must know there can be a price to pay when the act overshadows the talent . There is a shelf life on outrageous behavior , as so many young stars have found out who came before Miley . So , one might give O'Connor the benefit of doubt . She was concerned for Cyrus and thought , somehow , that insulting her in a public forum was the quickest and most direct way to reach her . But by assuming that Cyrus is n't in charge -- or , more poignantly , suggesting to Cyrus that she was n't in charge -- and by inviting a global audience to sit in on the belittling , O'Connor was very carefully and specifically asking for a fight . And a fight she got . The letter could have been the best and most honest advice Cyrus has ever received , but delivery -- and intention -- matters . And O'Connor was n't in it just for Cyrus , now was she ? For fans of Cyrus , the best bet is to focus on the music . Cyrus might not be role model material at the moment , but if you do n't look to her for more than catchy tunes , there 's less chance that she 'll disappoint . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Sinead O'Connor posted an open letter to Miley Cyrus telling her she 's a victim Peggy Drexler : O'Connor could have told Cyrus privately She says now we have a woman-on-woman battle Drexler : O'Connor makes good points , but delivery and intention matter
CNN  -- A U.S. team was at work Monday at a Himalayan military outpost in Pakistan , joining the search for as many as 139 people buried in a massive avalanche . The eight-member U.S. group of experts arrived Sunday , the official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan  APP  reported . Three experts from Switzerland and six from Germany were on their way to Pakistan on Monday as well , according to the Pakistani military . About 300 Pakistani soldiers and civilians were working at the rescue site , using heavy machinery and helicopters , the military said . APP said around 124 troops and 11 civilians could be trapped . The military said Sunday that as many as 139 people were believed trapped . A blanket of rock and snow covering one square kilometer -- about the size of a large city block -- slid over the base on the Siachen glacier near the Indian border on Saturday morning , burying it under 70 feet of snow . It was the first such disaster at the mountain headquarters in its two decades of existence , the military said . The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad expressed condolences for those who have lost their lives , and offered "  any assistance that Pakistan requires in the aftermath of this tragedy . "	The U.S. team includes 8 experts Groups are also coming from Switzerland and Germany As many as 139 people could be trapped , officials say
CNN  Whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown . You know the one . It might as well have been stitched together with paper towels and duct tape , and it usually leaves the wearer 's behind hanging out . "  You 're at the hospital because something 's wrong with you -- you 're vulnerable -- then you get to wear the most vulnerable garment ever invented to make the whole experience that much worse , " said Ted Streuli , who lives in Edmond , Okla. , and has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions . Put another way : "  They are horrible . They are demeaning . They are belittling . They are disempowering , " said Camilla McRory of Olney , Md. . Hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from Patient Style and the Henry Ford Innovation Institute . The gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . But if efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style . The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter . In 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the CEO , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon . That feedback led to a search for something new , said Adrienne Boissy , chief experience officer at the hospital system . The prominent academic medical center ultimately sought the help of fashion icon Diane von Furstenberg , settling on a reversible gown with a front and back V-neck , complete derriere coverage , and features such as pockets , softer fabric and a new bolder print pattern . Patients "  loved the gowns , " Boissy said . "  People felt much more comfortable in the new design , not just physically but emotionally . " In recent years , she added , "  hospitals are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether or not it contributes to enhancing the patient experience . " It 's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines -- fueled in part by the health law 's focus on quality of care and other federal initiatives . The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services increasingly factors patients ' satisfaction into its quality measures , which are linked to the size of Medicare payments hospitals get . Sometimes the efforts involve large capital improvement projects . But they can also mean making waiting rooms more comfortable , improving the quality of food served to patients or , as in this case , updating hospital gowns . Ultimately , this focus leads to "  a better patient experience , " said John Combes , senior vice president of the American Hospital Association . The Detroit-based Henry Ford Health System is in the process of updating its gowns , an initiative that began when the system 's innovation institute challenged students at the city 's College for Creative Studies to identify and offer a solution to one hospital problem . The students responded with the suggestion to redo the garment that has often been described by patients as flimsy , humiliating , indecent and itchy . The process took three years , but last fall , the institute unveiled a new and improved version . It 's made of warmer fabric -- a cotton blend -- that wraps around a patient 's body like a robe and comes in navy and light blue , the hospital 's signature colors . Patient expectations are part of the calculus . They "  are demanding more privacy and more dignity , " said Michael Forbes , a product designer at the Henry Ford Innovation Institute . When the institute tested his gown design , Forbes said , patient-satisfaction scores noticeably increased in a few days . The new gown "  was emblematic ... of an attitude that was conveyed to me at the hospital -- that they cared about me as a whole human being , not just the part they were operating on , " said Dale Milford , who received a liver transplant during the time the redesign was being tested . "  That was the subtext of that whole thing , was that they were caring about me as a person and what it meant for me to be comfortable . " But replacing the traditional design is no easy task . What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals proper access during exams , meaning it must open and close easily . The gowns also need to be easily mass-manufactured , as well as efficiently laundered and reused . New designs , though , can be expensive . After Valley Hospital of Ridgewood , N.J. , switched to pajamas and gowns that provide extra coverage , costs went up $ 70,000 per year , said Leonard Guglielmo , the facility 's chief supply chain officer , because the new garments cost more to buy and maintain . Beyond cost , more ingrained cultural expectations might also play a role in what hospitals think patients should wear , said Todd Lee , an assistant professor of medicine at McGill University , who co-authored a 2014 study in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine , examining whether gowns were important and whether patients might be fine wearing their own or hospital-provided pants , instead of or along with gowns . Often , doctors reported that pants or undergarments beneath gowns would have been okay , but patients said they were never given those options . Traditional gowns make it easier to examine patients quickly , and several doctors Lee spoke to seemed shocked at the idea that patients might wear garments other than the open-backed gown during their stay . But the most common challenge is n't necessarily doctor expectations or costs . It 's navigating hospital bureaucracies , said Dusty Eber , president of the California-based company PatientStyle , which designs and sells alternative gowns . In his company 's experience , hospital decisions are often made by committees , not individuals . "  There 's a lot of bureaucratic runaround , " Eber said . Kaiser Health News  KHN  is a nonprofit national health policy news service .	Hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift with help from fashion designers such as Diane von Furstenberg What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams Patient satisfaction is linked to the size of Medicare payments hospitals get
CNN  -- Responding to an allegation by the U.S. chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that Pakistan 's main intelligence agency has a "  longstanding relationship " with a Taliban-allied insurgent group that targets U.S. troops in Afghanistan , a senior Pakistani intelligence official said : "  We do have a relationship : that of an adversary . " "  We have made our resolve very clear that  the Haqqani Network  is an enemy we need to fight together , " said the official , who did not want to be identified discussing intelligence matters . In an interview that aired Wednesday on Pakistan 's Geo TV , Adm. Michael Mullen spoke forcefully about the Haqqani Network , which he said "  very specifically facilitates and supports the Taliban who move in Afghanistan , and they 're killing Americans . " "  I ca n't accept that and I will do everything I possibly can to prevent that specifically , " he said . Then Mullen said Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence "  has a longstanding relationship with the Haqqani Network . That does n't mean everybody in the ISI , but it 's there . " "  I also have an understanding that the ISI and the  Pakistani military  exist to protect their own citizens , and there 's a way they have done that for a long period of time , " Mullen said . "  I believe that over time , that 's got to change . " Based in Pakistan 's North Waziristan frontier , the Haqqani Network "  has been at the forefront of insurgent activity in Afghanistan , responsible for many high-profile attacks , " according to the United Nations . The group is believed to have three main sources of funds : donations from the Persian Gulf region , drug trafficking , and al Qaeda payments . Pakistani forces in December announced they had seized Nasiruddin Haqqani , son of the group 's leader , Jalaluddin Haqqani . Other U.S. officials in recent months had expressed concerns that Pakistan has not been aggressively confronting militants operating in the tribal regions . The Pakistani intelligence official told CNN that "  we have our hands full " fighting other Islamist militant groups along the border with Afghanistan , notably those under the umbrella of the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  LeT  "  and once we are through with them we can turn on the other  the Haqqanis  . We do not have the capacity to undertake simultaneous operations . " The official said the "  onus of providing proof of this " relationship was on the Americans and it was not up to the ISI "  to start providing clarification . " Asked if offense was taken by Mullen 's remarks , the intelligence official said : "  Not personally , no . " Earlier in the Geo TV interview , Mullen was pressed on issues such as the arrest of CIA contractor Raymond Davis and unmanned drone strikes against targets within Pakistan , which have marked what he called a "  rough patch " of increasingly complex relations between the two nations in recent months . The admiral traced the difficulties back to the 12-year period in which the two countries had severed diplomatic ties , then restored them in the midst of the global terrorism crisis that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  We ca n't snap our fingers and say all of the sudden we trust each other , " he said , "  and that 's what we 're trying to work our way through in the midst of these huge terrorist challenges that we both have . " "  It 's the focus from the United States ' perspective on the terrorist threat  in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas  , the al Qaeda leadership which still lives there and still threatens to kill as many Americans as they possibly could , combined with what I would call this federation of terrorist organizations that are getting along more than they used to , and at least from my experience ... the complexity is increasing , not decreasing . " As Joint Chiefs chairman , Mullen is the highest-ranking uniformed official in the U.S. military 's chain of command . He has been part of recent discussions that have included CIA Director Leon Panetta and their Pakistani counterparts : Chief of Army Staff Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and the ISI 's director , Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha . Mullen 's term is set to end this year . "  It 's been a very rough patch lately , " Mullen said , "  and I think the leaders , including Generals Pasha and Kayani , Director Panetta and myself and others are very committed to working our way through this because we see the need to solve this problem , and we just ca n't walk away from it . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Adm. Mike Mullen said ISI has "  longstanding relationship " with the Haqqani Network A senior Pakistani intelligence official says that relationship is "  that of an adversary " "  Onus of providing proof on this " rests with the Americans , the official says Despite strain , Mullen says leaders "  are very committed to working our way through this "
CNN  -- Iberia ground and cabin crews Monday began what they said was the biggest strike in the airline 's history , but the company countered that it had already re-assigned most passengers to other flights to reduce airport chaos . Five people were arrested during the strike for going beyond a police line at Madrid 's Barajas airport , a government spokesman told CNN . Earlier , Iberia said in a statement that it had found other flights for 60,000 clients and will give ticket refunds to another 10,000 . But Iberia canceled 415 flights this week , about 40 % of its total , and three smaller airlines for which Iberia provides ground services canceled an additional 800 flights . Most routes -- within Spain , or to nearby destinations in Europe or much longer distances -- were operating , but in many cases with fewer than the normal daily number of flights . The unions are protesting layoffs , salary cuts for many of the remaining staff and company downsizing that has already seen elimination of flights from Madrid to Athens , El Cairo and Istanbul . In April , Iberia will also stop flying from Madrid to Havana , Santo Domingo , Montevideo and San Juan de Puerto Rico . Iberia has announced 3,800 layoffs , about 19 % of the staff , part of an effort to reduce losses , which were more about $ 350 million last year . Ground crews and in-flight attendants announced 15 days of strikes , during three weeks Monday to Friday , starting Monday . Pilots are not on strike this week but are due to join in for next strikes , for the weeks of March 4 and March 18 . Union leaders call it the biggest strike in Iberia 's history because it 's the first time that all three units -- pilots , cabin crews and ground personnel -- have joined forces to strike and it 's the first time so many days of strikes have been announced at one time . Iberia called the situation "  totally normal " on Monday , given the strike . But Manuel Atienza , of the General Workers Union  UGT  said the strike will have more impact as it continues , because overloaded ground crews , even while complying with legally-mandated minimum services , will fall farther behind on tasks like baggage handling . Unions say that Iberia , which merged with British Airways in 2011 , has been suffering ever since as the junior partner , while the majority shareholder British has expanded . Iberia pilots last year went on strike when Iberia created a low-cost carrier called Iberia Express . It and two other airlines that get ground services from Iberia - Air Nostrum and Vueling - also canceled fights this week .	Iberia said it had found other flights for 60,000 clients and will give ticket refunds to another 10,000 Ground crews and in-flight attendants announced 15 days of strikes , during three weeks Iberia pilots last year went on strike when Iberia created a low-cost carrier called Iberia Express
CNN  -- Amid the rumblings of war between Russia and Ukraine , just how do you go about your everyday life ? With foreboding and fear , according to former Ukraine football international Oleg Luzhny . "  Everyone is scared about war -- they are very nervous , " Luzhny , who enjoyed a successful spell in the English Premier League with Arsenal , told CNN . More than once during our interview , Luzhny seemed desperate to deliver this message : "  It is important the whole world supports us . " He was speaking from his mother 's home in Kiev , Ukraine , on Monday , after flying there from London , where he lives with his wife and children . He wanted to visit following the events of the past few weeks . Luzhny , who was born in in the western city of Lviv , last held a managerial job with Tavriya Simferopol -- a club based in Crimea , an autonomous region of eastern Ukraine with strong loyalty to Russia . "  Here in Kiev , it 's OK but in Crimea and places like Donetsk and elsewhere , people are worried . Where there is a large population of Russians , they are scared , " he said . "  Everyone is scared about war . They are very nervous . It 's scary for the children , for the adults , for everyone . "  I hope the world can see what is going on and will speak out . " What he has witnessed on his television screen , and heard while speaking to his friends , has ignited a passion for his country 's right to self-determination . Ukraine has been in chaos since President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted on February 22 following bloody street protests which left many dead and hundreds injured . A deepening split within Ukraine society has seen those in the western part of the country supporting the interim government and ties with the European Union , while those in the east advocate a Russian presence in Ukraine . Crimea , where Russia has sent more troops , remains firmly opposed to the new political leadership in Kiev . Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region and fears it might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority population . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , the country 's interim prime minister , accused Moscow of declaring war and insisted his West-leaning government would not give up the Crimean region . But as words are traded by politicians around tables and via television screens , among the people , trepidation over Ukraine 's future only grows . "  Russia is aggressive against many countries not just Ukraine , " said Luzhny , who admitted he did not understand Russian President Vladimir Putin 's tactics . "  They went into Georgia in 2008 and now they have gone into Ukraine , " added Luzhny , referring to the five-day conflict between Georgia and Russia . "  I do n't understand what he is doing or what he wants to gain from doing this . "  Nobody understands why he is doing this , for what ? "  He says that it 's to defend Russian people , but the Russian people in Ukraine that I know are saying , ` We are OK ' -- they do n't need any help . " Moscow has defended its parliament 's approval to use military force to protect its citizens in the Crimean Peninsula . In the U.S. , a senior White House official told CNN on Sunday that Russian forces "  have complete operational control of the Crimean Peninsula . " The official said the U.S. estimates there are 6,000 Russian ground and naval forces in the region . "  There is no question that they are in an occupation position -- flying in reinforcements and settling in , " another senior administration official said . The move by Russia has been met with fear and anger in Ukraine while it has also been condemned by world leaders . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has urged the Russian Federation to "  refrain from any acts and rhetoric that can further escalate the situation and instead engage constructively and through peaceful means with Ukraine . " Luzhny , who was part of the famous Dynamo Kiev team of the 1990s which included Andrei Shevchenko and Sergei Rebrov , says he enjoyed his time working in Crimea before leaving in June last year . He still has friends in the region and while they are all OK , he says that the rise in tensions within Ukraine is unimaginable . "  When I was growing up I never thought this would happen . Nobody would have thought this situation would happen , " he said . "  Everybody is surprised because nobody thought for a second that Putin would go into Ukraine . "  Everyone is shocked . Ask anybody if they expected this to happen and they would have said you were crazy and that it would be impossible . " In Kiev , Luzhny says life is returning to normal following the protests which raged for several days . He is at a loss to understand the decision to move Ukraine 's international friendly game with the United States to Cyprus on March 5 . It was originally scheduled for the eastern city of Kharkiv , but Luzhny believes it could still have been played on home soil -- even though the domestic championship has been suspended . "  There is no more trouble in Kiev , it is absolutely fine , " he said . That can not be said for Crimea and Donetsk , where tension continues to rise as the world waits to see how this situation plays out . "  I do n't know what is going to happen next , " said Luzhny . "  I think we will see something happen in the next few days because the whole world is watching Putin . "  It is so important that the world sees what is going on . "  We need their support , " adds Luzhny in one last plaintive refrain .	Oleg Luzhny played international football for Ukraine He says people in Ukraine are "  scared " and "  nervous " The 45-year-old accuses Russia and President Putin of being aggressive Former Arsenal defender says whole world must unite behind Ukraine
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The woes of Boeing 's new 787 mount as U.S. regulators ordered airlines to stop flying their Boeing 787s . The U.S. move comes after two fleets of Boeing 787s have been grounded in Japan after alarms and a burning smell in the cabin forced a Dreamliner to make an emergency landing Wednesday . The incident is the most serious in a spate of problems that have bedeviled the new aircraft , and comes after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , which is responsible for air safety , launched a comprehensive examination on Friday of the Dreamliner 's design as well as its manufacture and assembly . "  The Boeing 787 incidents have taken on a new seriousness with the grounding " by All Nippon Airways  ANA  and Japan Airlines  JAL  , said Richard Quest , CNN 's aviation correspondent . "  The potential of fire on board an aircraft is among the most serious issues in aviation , " he said . "  The plane is still safe to fly . However , Boeing must ensure the reliability of the aircraft for the airlines and the confidence of the traveling public to fly on the planes . "  That is the fundamental problem that Boeing is now facing , " Quest said . U.S. grounds Dreamliners over fire risk What happened ? As CNNMoney reports , a Boeing 787 operated by All Nippon Airways was forced to make an emergency landing Wednesday in Japan . The domestic aircraft was traveling to Tokyo when irregular battery activity and smoke in the forward electrical compartment were detected . The aircraft then made an emergency landing at Takamatsu airport after a burning smell was detected in the plane 's cabin . Following the incident , both All Nippon and Japan Airlines said they were immediately grounding their Dreamliner fleets -- which effectively grounds about half of the Dreamliners now in operation worldwide . The Japanese airlines were among the first to take delivery of the Boeing 787 . ANA has 17 aircraft , while JAL has seven Dreamliners . Worldwide , Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners -- but hundreds more are on order . More than 150 Dreamliner flights occur daily , according to Boeing . Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing What problems has the Dreamliner had ? In recent weeks , many . The most recent Dreamliner setbacks occurred Friday . Oil was discovered leaking from a generator on an engine at a Japanese airport , and a crack appeared in a cockpit window of a plane en route from Tokyo to western Japan , a spokeswoman for All Nippon Airways said . On January 8 , a Japan Airlines flight bound for Tokyo aborted takeoff from Boston 's Logan International Airport after a pilot on another airplane spotted the 787 leaking fuel . On January 7 , a maintenance worker discovered the electrical fire aboard an empty plane being prepared at a gate at Logan for a return trip to Japan . Another Japanese flight was cancelled last week after sensors detected problems with the plane 's braking system . In December , a United Airlines 787 traveling from Houston to Newark , New Jersey , was diverted to New Orleans because of mechanical problems . A general inspection of all 787s in September turned up cracked engines on two planes . The woes come after the debut of the plane in 2011 -- nearly three years behind its production schedule . Related : More trouble for Boeing as Dreamliner forced to make emergency landing Do Dreamliners fly in the U.S. ? United Airlines -- which has six 787s -- debuted the nation 's first domestic Dreamliner routes last November . "  We continue to have complete confidence in the 787 and the ability of Boeing , " United said Friday in a statement . The airline described the problems as "  early operational issues . " United 's Dreamliner fleet travels primarily on routes connecting Houston and Chicago and between Newark and Los Angeles . Last week , the airline kicked off its first international 787 service between Los Angeles and Tokyo . Other U.S. carriers are in line to buy Dreamliners , including Delta . American Airlines has announced an order , but it 's not yet "  firm . " What does the troubles mean for Boeing ? The company 's stock has taken a hit as the troubles mount . Several hundred are under order , making its success crucial for Boeing , which had not designed a new commercial jetliner in years before unveiling the Dreamliner . "  The 787 , being a new airplane , does have teething problems , " John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board , told CNN last week . It 's common for new planes to have "  these kinds of problems , " he added . Airlines have been excited by the Boeing 787 as the first mid-size , long-range airplane , which would allow airlines to open up routes where they do n't have enough demand from passengers to justify a larger plane like a Boeing 747 or an Airbus A380 . Related : How the 787 will change the way we fly Boeing has more than 800 unfilled orders from airlines around the globe that will take years to fill . In addition to the Dreamliner assembly line at its Seattle-area factory , it built a new 1,000-worker factory in South Carolina to handle the demand . It hopes to double production of the plane this year to about 10 a month . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley and CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and CNN Wires staff contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. regulators Wednesday ordered airlines to stop flying their Boeing 787s Two fleets of Boeing 787s have been grounded in Japan after one jet made an emergency landing The woes come after the debut of the plane in 2011 , nearly three years behind its production schedule About 50 aircraft have been delivered ; Boeing has more than 800 unfilled orders from airlines
CNN  -- William D. Green After a six-year relationship , Accenture ended its association with Tiger Woods . The global consulting company becomes the first major sponsor to cut ties with the golfer , who admitted to infidelity and announced he was taking an indefinite leave from the sport . The son of a plumber , Green , chairman and CEO of Accenture , told The New York Times in November that integrity and character are important to him . "  I like taking the responsibility , but I had no idea about the spiritual part . The spiritual obligation to the lives of 177,000 people is a big deal . I 'm a guy who had trouble being responsible for his own life in the early days , and now I 've got 177,000 people that look up to me . That took a little getting used to , " Green told the Times . CNN : Accenture ending sponsorship deal with Woods Accenture : William D. Green bio Silvio Berlusconi Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi spent the night in a Milan hospital after an attacker hit him in the face with a model of a cathedral at a Sunday campaign rally . Berlusconi , 73 , is receiving antibiotics , anti-inflammatory medication and painkillers Monday , a doctor said , after the attack left him with broken teeth and a fractured nose . In recent months , Mr. Berlusconi also has faced tax fraud charges , protest rallies in Rome , allegations of hiring escorts and a divorce case from his wife of 19 years . CNN : Berlusconi has fractured nose , broken teeth BBC : Silvio Berlusconi profile Michelle Rhee The Washington schools chancellor made headlines last week when students in her school system showed progress on national math tests , D.C. being the only one of 11 urban districts to demonstrate significant increases . In June , Rhee fired some 250 young and tenured teachers for poor performance or failure to get a license , The Washington Post reported . On Monday , a Wall Street Journal editorial questioned why the Obama administration was n't doing more to back her reform ideas . Wall Street Journal : Who 's got Michelle Rhee 's back ? Newsweek : An unlikely gambler Stephen King The best-selling author and his wife , Tabitha , are donating $ 12,999 to help 150 soldiers from the Maine Army National Guard travel by bus from Indiana to Maine and come home for the holidays , according to the Bangor  Maine  Daily News . The soldiers are scheduled to depart for Afghanistan in January , the paper said . Bangor Daily News : Kings paying way home for troops StephenKing.com : About the author Robert G. Heft In 1958 , the Lancaster , Ohio , student designed and sewed an American flag for a high school history project . President Eisenhower chose Heft 's design for the first 50-star banner to replace the existing 48-star flag . Heft died this weekend at age 67 , The Saginaw  Michigan  News reported . The Saginaw News : Flag designer Bob Heft dies at 67 What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Accenture ends sponsorship deal with Tiger Woods Attack leaves Italian prime minister with fractured nose , broken teeth Designer of 50-state U.S. flag dies at 67 , Michigan paper reports
CNN  -- I 'm one of those people who wo n't throw out electronics just because they 're outdated . If a device is still working and potentially useful , I 'd rather get it into the hands of someone who will continue to use it . And even when devices are broken or useless , I ca n't bring myself to landfill them -- I save them up for local electronics recycling drives . But even though I take steps to keep my old electronics out of landfills and environmentally disastrous overseas disposal does n't mean I 'm willing to spend large amounts of time and effort to figure out what to do with them . I bought a Droid Incredible last month . Since then , my two-year-old iPhone 3G has been gathering dust on my dresser . That iPhone served me well enough for a long time , and there 's nothing really wrong with it . I 'd love to pass it along to someone who wants it . ... Well , OK , there is one thing wrong with it : a few months ago I made the mistake of updating its operating system to iOS4 , which drastically slowed its performance .  Cult of Mac , Wall Street Journal and many other venues are reporting the same problem . This problem apparently is reversible , but not easily so -- and I just do n't feel like trying . I 've got many more pressing concerns . My phone 's iOS4 performance problem is severe enough that I would be embarrassed to give this phone as a gift to anyone I know , or even to sell it directly to another party via Craigslist or eBay . So I found a middleman to shield me from embarassment , keep my old iPhone out of the landfill and let me make some easy money all at the same time . I 'm selling my old iPhone -- as is -- to Gazelle.com , a "  reCommerce company " that says it provides "  a practical , responsible , rewarding way for consumers to get value for used electronics . " In less than a minute Gazelle.com agreed to buy my old iPhone for $ 93 . This week they 're sending me a box to ship it to them , and after they 've checked out the phone they 'll PayPal me the money .  I 'll report back if that part of the process does n't work as promised . Admittedly , $ 93 is less than half of what people here in the Bay Area are asking today for an 8GB iPhone 3G on Craigslist  although that may not be the price they 're actually getting  . And it 's toward the low end of the price range for what folks are asking for this phone on eBay today . So yes -- if I want to sell my old iPhone , I definitely could make more money elsewhere . I do n't care . My time is worth money . Avoiding hassle is worth money too . Frankly , if I had to deal with the hassles and risks of selling this phone myself via Craigslist or eBay , and also reverting it back to an older OS so it 's bearably functional again to assuage my conscience , that iPhone would keep sitting on my dresser until the next electronics recycling drive . And then I 'd have to pay someone to take it away . So for me , that $ 93 is a total gain . Gazelle.com spokesperson Kristina Kennedy explained that the company , which buys over 20 categories of electronics products in addition to cell phones , ends up "  finding new homes " for more than 90 percent of the used devices they buy . Mostly they resell devices through sites like eBay or Overstock.com , or through wholesalers . "  Our brand appeals mainly to the upgrader market , the gadget geeks , the people who always want the latest devices , " she said . "  There tends to be a large secondary market for their used devices , which normally are n't very old . " For instance , before the iPhone 4 was unveiled June 7 , Gazelle.com was getting about 25 used iPhones per day . But as soon as iPhone users knew when they could get their new model , trade-ins on the site soared to 1500 units per day for two weeks . Since then it 's tapered off  currently about 500 per day  . Kennedy noted that there also is a thriving global market for refurbished older devices , such as a four-year-old BlackBerry . "  We tend to resell those for reuse overseas , " she said . Gazelle.com has a no export / no landfill policy for recycling and disposing of products at the end of their useful life . This applies to their own operations and those of their downstream partners . Gazelle.com also follows the EPA 's Responsible Recycling  R2  practices -- which is a good start , even though a recent Government Accountability Office report points out that the federal agency "  does not specifically regulate the export of many other electronic devices , such as cell phones , which typically are not within the regulatory definition of hazardous waste despite containing some toxic substances . " The Gazelle.com site did not ask me which operating system is on my iPhone 3G . Their short list of questions concerned the physical condition of the hardware , which accessories I have , etc. . I asked Kennedy whether , given the widely reported troubles with iOS4 on the iPhone 3G , they 'd start taking that into account into the price they offer on trade-ins . "  Right now we sometimes ask those kinds of questions , but only about computers , " she said . "  As phones become more like computers , we might start to pay closer attention to that . " However you get rid of your old cell phones , be sure to protect yourself with proper precautions to delete your data . Also , remove your SIM card  if your phone has one  .	Gazelle.com is a "  reCommerce company " that buys used electronics on the spot The company buys more than 20 categories of electronics More than than 90 percent of the used devices that Gazelle.com buys find new homes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A series of major international sporting events , a weak currency and its perennially sunny perch on the tip of South Africa are making Cape Town one of the hottest sailing destinations of 2009 . Lucky strike : The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting events The Indian Premier League cricket tournament was recently relocated to South Africa because of security concerns , and now Cape Town is slated to host the opening match on April 18 . Both the Lions Tour rugby and the FIFA Confederations Cup football will follow the cricket tournament , heading down to South Africa later this year . Combined with the arrival of the World Cup in 2010 , South Africa has suddenly become the ultimate holiday spot for sports fans . Calvyn Gilfellan , chief executive of Cape Town Routes Unlimited -- the region 's tourism board -- told CNN the boost to the region had arrived at a crucial time . "  When the financial crisis started people went into gloom and doom but these events are helping a lot to restore confidence in the industry . "  The fact that we have a positive exchange rate also helps us a lot as a destination , " he said . But South Africa 's government is so focused on ensuring the success of the upcoming games that it recently denied a visa to The Dalai Lama . Critics contend that South Africa bowed to pressure from the Chinese government in refusing Tibet 's spiritual leader entry to attend a peace conference that was partially intended to help promote the World Cup . As the focus strengthens on these international events , the Cape Town region looks set to benefit more than many from the expected surge in tourism . Gilfellan says this is largely due to the city 's location . "  We are lucky to be in such a wonderful spot . A lot of these events revolve around the marine industry and revolve around the harbor . " This weekend harbor will play host to the Cape Town International Jazz Festival -- one of many upcoming festivals in the area . Cape Town 's picturesque Victoria & Alfred Waterfront , set against the backdrop of Table Mountain , has become South Africa 's most visited tourist attraction . Commodore of the Royal Cape Yacht Club  RCYC  John Martin , told CNN the Cape Town port was used widely for business , leisure and sports . As well as being the country 's second biggest functioning port for trade , the port played host to racing yachts in events such as the Volvo Ocean Race and the Clipper Round-the-world Challenge . "  We have several major yachting events that stop here and we are very proud of that . " Martin said the popularity of the port means water space is "  at a premium , " but there are hopes a new harbor and breakwater will be constructed in the next few years . Still , Cape Town has the capacity to cater for foreign visitors on super-yachts and international cruise-liners . "  Cape Town is a real focal point for refueling and repairs and it 's also quite cheap here so people tend to stay for a while , " he said . Gilfellan said she felt the surge of massive sporting events would undoubtedly have spin-off benefits for the marine industry . The Indian Premier League Twenty20 cricket , which starts this month , had been tipped to go to England , but ultimately South Africa was chosen for its sunny weather . The tournament , which will feature 59 matches across six venues , will run from 18 April to 24 May The 2009 British and Irish Lions tour officially kicks off on May 30 in Rustenberg . Matches will be held in Cape Town on June 13 and June 23 . The eight-team Confederations Cup runs from June 14-28 , and will take place across four cities . The event marks the first time an African nation will host an international FIFA tournament . The landmark event foreshadows the much-anticipated World Cup football tournament in June 2010 , for which qualifying matches are currently being held . Although that 's still a year away -- there are signs that the excitement in South Africa is already palpable . A new television commercial that began airing last month features Spain and Liverpool star , Fernando Torres , and Brazilian icon Kaka showing off their football skills . The advertisement ends with Torres saying "  Ke Nako " , which in South Africa 's Sotho language means "  it 's time . " It seems for Cape Town and the whole country -- this could not be more true . Mike Steere contributed to this report .	MainSail 's ` Port of the Month ' is Cape Town , South Africa The area is one of South Africa 's most popular tourist destinations Cape Town is set to benefit from major international sporting events The port is the country 's second biggest and hosts major yacht races
CNN  -- It was 35 years ago Tuesday that Sony , not Apple , revolutionized the way we listen to music . The Walkman , a portable cassette player that , for the first time , let us take our music with us without bothering our neighbors , hit the market on July 1 , 1979 . Today , it 's all about Apple 's iPod . But in its heyday , the Walkman was as synonymous with portable music players as Kleenex became to tissue and Xerox was to copy machines . Bowing to digital reality , Sony retired the cassette Walkman in 2010 . Check out our gallery for a look at some of the most iconic Walkman models through the years . What are some of your Walkman memories ? Let us know in the comments .	The Sony Walkman turns 35 on Tuesday The cassette player was retired in 2010 , but Walkman mp3 players remain
CNN  -- Yet another woman has come forward accusing comedian Bill Cosby of sexual assault . Judy Huth filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court , claiming sexual battery and infliction of emotional distress during an incident at the Playboy Mansion , according to the documents first obtained by Radar Online . The alleged sexual assault took place in 1974 when Huth was 15 years old . According to court documents , Huth and a 16-year-old friend met Cosby when he was filming a movie at Lacy Park in Los Angeles . After talking with the girls , the suit alleges , Cosby invited them to his tennis club the following Saturday , "  where he served them alcoholic beverages and played games of billiards . " They then went to the Playboy Mansion where , the lawsuit says , Cosby asked Huth to sit on a bed beside him , after she came out of a bathroom . "  He then proceeded to sexually molest her by attempting to put his hand down her pants , and then taking her hand in his hand and performing a sex act on himself without her consent . " CNN reached out to Cosby 's lawyer Martin D. Singer but was not immediately able to get a response . His camp has repeatedly and vigorously denied previous allegations . CNN also tried to contact Huth and her attorneys but has not heard back from them . Cosby facing litany of allegations ` Horrible , horrendous allegations ' The suit goes on to call Cosby 's alleged actions "  malicious , oppressive and fraudulent in nature . " "  This traumatic incident , at such a tender age , has caused psychological damage and mental anguish for  Huth  that has caused her significant problems throughout her life since the incident . " The case describes the damage as "  substantial and continuing . " Huth is asking for damages and legal fees . Because four decades have passed since the alleged crime , It was n't immediately clear if the case falls within the statute of limitations in California for child sex abuse . It 's because of that lag in time that defense attorney Joey Jackson says he thinks Cosby 's legal team will ask for the lawsuit to be dismissed . "  It 's highly problematic , and it 's likely the lawsuit will not stand , " he said . With the allegations mounting , CNN political contributor Van Jones said , now is the time for Cosby to speak up . "  At some point , his silence becomes almost kind of an admission , " he said . "  These are horrible , horrendous allegations . " Cosby has not commented on the allegations , leaving that to his lawyer . In a recent statement , Singer said it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " By CNN 's count , at least 18 women have gone public with accusations . "  He owes this country . He owes his fans . He owes the women some kind of statement , " said Jones , who is also an attorney . "  I think this level of silence for this long is unfair to everybody . " Another allegation The lawsuit dropped on the same day The Daily Beast published a story in which a man named Tony Hogue alleges he rescued a female friend from Cosby 's New York brownstone in 1984 . The article describes Hogue beating on the comedian 's front door after receiving a frantic phone call from the woman , who said , "  Tony , you 've got to come get me . " After Cosby answered the door , the story says , Hogue found his friend on the second floor of the home . "  She looked drugged and in a fog , and she could n't snap out of it , " he said . "  She was a mess . " The Daily Beast reports this same woman was a witness in a sex assault lawsuit against Cosby , filed in 2005 . That case was settled before going to trial . But Cosby does have his supporters . Comedian Whoopi Goldberg said on November 17 that she was skeptical of the rape claims against him by one of the accusers . "  I have a lot of questions for the lady , " Goldberg said on "  The View . " Her support may have prompted Tuesday 's cryptic tweet from Cosby 's Twitter account : "  Thank you @WhoopiGoldberg . " .	The alleged sexual assault took place at the Playboy Mansion in 1975 Cosby 's camp has consistently , vehemently denied the claims against him The Daily Beast published a story detailing another allegation
CNN  -- Way back in the winter of 1982 , I was a fifth grader at Lakeview Elementary -- and I was not happy . Because it was late in the year , and because I lived in a town , Mahopac , New York , with about six-and-a-half Jews , I was required by law to participate in the school 's annual holiday concert . It was , for a boy who always felt resentful over having to spend December 25 inside Ming 's Chinese Restaurant , the worst of the worst of the worst . Of the 11 songs we were told to sing , 10 were Christmas carols . Of those 10 , seven or eight evoked either Jesus Christ or the Virgin Mary or Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary . Finally fed up , one day I swallowed my anxiety and approached Mrs. Hart , our fifth-grade teacher -- a woman who scared the living hell out of me . Jeffie : "  Ms. Hart , I have a complaint . " Ms. Hart : "  What do you want ? " Jeffie : "  I 'm Jewish . " Ms. Hart : "  So ? " Jeffie : "  I do n't think it 's fair that there are no Chanukah songs in the concert . " Ms. Hart : "  Do n't be stupid . " That was that . I put on my stupid white collared shirt and my stupid red tie , and when the special night arrived I crooned loud and proud about the miracle of Jesus Christ 's birth . OK , admittedly I stood there and opened my mouth a few times while gazing longingly toward Lori Raffa . Later that evening , I told my father that I would never engage in such an endeavor again . "  Why ? " he said . "  What 's the big deal ? " I was stunned . "  It is a big deal , " I said , "  because these people act like Chanukah does n't even exist . It 's all Christmas , all the time , and we get no equal treatment whatsoever . " "  You 're right , " Dad said , "  and it 's an absolute blessing . " It took me several years to grasp my father 's thinking but , with 41 Decembers now under my belt , I agree 100 % with his take : There 's no better time to be Jewish than December . I know ... I know . Christmas is sooooo-o-o awesome . Presents ! Ham ! A tree ! More presents ! As a Jewish boy in a Christian town , I heard these paeans over and over and over , and I even used to believe them . Why , oh why , could n't we celebrate , too ? Then , one Christmas Eve Dad took me into the city to observe the madness . We entered Macy 's  ground zero for 1980s holiday madness  with nary a care in the world , kicked back and soaked in the insanity . There were people fighting over the last Rubik 's Cube and Cabbage Patch doll ; folks nervously gazing down at their crumpled lists -- contained in their faces the looming stress of the emptying wallet , of the materialistic mayhem , of the pure , unadulterated holiday hell . "  Does this look fun to you ? " Dad asked . "  Um , no , " I said . "  It does n't . " "  Is this what you want Chanukah to be ? " "  No , " I said . "  Definitely not . " We returned home , lit the menorah , belted out our off-tune rendition of "  Rock of Ages " and exchanged the regular sixth - or seventh-night gift . Probably socks . Maybe a Hall & Oates record . My father is a quirky guy : a Brooklyn-born Jew who spent his childhood attending Hebrew school and avoiding bacon . If anyone has pride in his religion , it 's Stanley Pearlman . And yet , Dad never seemed to mind Mahopac in all its Christmas splendor , or carolers standing at the front door , or the inane school concert . I 'd moan and complain and cry , and he refused to flinch . His stance was a simple-yet-wise one : Enjoy it . Enjoy it all . Take an evening drive to see all the lights . Buy eggnog at the supermarket . Walk into Dennis Gargano 's house and smell the pine needles . Study the ornaments , suck on a candy cane . "  I love Christmas , " Dad has said myriad times , "  because it 's not my holiday . There 's no stress or pressure . You can embrace it without having to own it . " Hence , this past Friday I took my daughter Casey out of school for our annual New York City fun day . We roamed through Toys R Us and the Disney Store , watched the Macy 's Christmas puppet show , walked past Santa 's village . The decorations were nice and the lights , while blinding , were pretty . But everything was overcrowded and excessively hyped . The materialism was painful . The anxiety was palpable . "  This , " Casey said to me , "  is pretty crazy . " "  No , " I replied . "  This is fantastic . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman lived in a town with few Jews , and had to sing in the school 's holiday concert The Christmas carols evoked either Christ or the Virgin Mary or Christ and the Virgin Mary "  Jeffie " complained to his teacher and Dad that Christmas and concert were n't fair His dad said enjoy it , take in the lights , and be happy you do n't have to experience the anxiety
EW.com  -- At the annual Nickelodeon upfront presentation last week ,  1/4 ber-producer Michael Bay revealed details for Platinum Dunes ' upcoming live-action "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " movie , including a new origin story for the half-shell heroes that is sure to raise the ire of diehard fans . "  When you see this movie , kids are going to believe one day these turtles actually do exist when we are done with this movie , " said Bay as he took the stage to discuss his new vision for the reptilian reboot . "  These turtles are from an alien race , and they are going to be tough , edgy , funny and completely loveable . " In the original mythology , four baby turtles fall into the sewer and come into contact with glowing radioactive ooze , which mutates them into four bad-a ** warriors trained in ninjutsu by astute rodent Splinter . But could the rewriting of the Turtles ' origin story dissuade some fans from embracing the newest incarnation ? A comic book-to-movie adaptation 's worst nightmare is bad pre-publicity , and Bay may have generated that in about 30 words . On the flip side , it might seem outrageous to non-fans of the series that "  Teenage Mutant Ninja " purists are offended by the new mythos of Leonardo , Donatello , Raphael and Michelangelo . Truth , we might sound a wee bit ridiculous when we cry out , "  I ca n't believe Bay says they 're aliens when they 're obviously derived from radioactive slime ! " But Bay is essentially erasing almost 30 years of love for transmogrified adolescent reptile ninjas by claiming each turtle is less of a fearsome , fighting toxic anomaly and more of a forest green E.T. with nunchucks . What would Shredder think !? How does this new origin story make you feel ? Are you a purist for the original backstory , or will you embrace Bay 's vision ? And who would you cast for this live-action TMNT reboot ? Personally , I think Splinter 's a toss-up between Morgan Freeman and Kate Upton . See the full article at EW.com .	Michael Bay said he is reinventing the origin story of "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " Bay : "  These turtles are from an alien race ... " In the original mythology , four baby turtles come into contact with radioactive ooz
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Three members of the family of a Mexican marine who died in a shootout last week were killed Tuesday in the southern state of Tabasco , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said . Marine 3rd Petty Officer Melquisedec Angulo Cordova was fatally shot during a gunbattle that resulted in the killing of Arturo Beltran Leyva , one of Mexico 's most wanted drug lords . The killing of his family members has raised speculation in Mexico that it was an act of retaliation by the Beltran Leyva 's drug cartel , CNN en Espaol reported . Very early Tuesday , gunmen entered the family 's home and opened fire , killing Angulo Cordova 's mother , sister and a third relative , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Angulo Cordova 's brother was injured in the shooting , the agency said . Angulo Cordova was the only military fatality in last week 's operation against Beltran Leyva in Cuernavaca , Mexico . Six other drug cartel members also died in the confrontation . Beltran Leyva 's death was a huge blow to one of Mexico 's most violent groups , authorities said . The killings were "  a cowardly and contempible act , " Calderon said in a speech Tuesday . "  These reprehensible acts demonstrate the unscrupulous way with which organized crime operates . " The cartel is based out of the Pacific state of Sinaloa . In another incident Tuesday , local media in Sinaloa reported that the state 's director of tourism was gunned down , together with a bodyguard .	Three relatives of Mexican marine killed , President Felipe Calderon says Marine was killed in shootout with drug cartel last week Drug lord Arturo Beltran Leyva also was killed in last week 's incident
CNN  Manchester United defender Jonny Evans and Newcastle United striker Papiss Cisse have been charged by the Football Association for allegedly spitting during an altercation in Wednesday night 's Premier League game at St James ' Park . In a statement , English football 's governing body said the players had been charged "  in relation to an alleged breach of FA Rule E1 -LSB- a -RSB- in that in or around the 38th minute of the game the two players spat at each other . "  The incidents were not seen by the match officials but -LSB- were -RSB- caught on video . " The players have until 6pm GMT on Friday to respond to the charge , and could face six-game bans if found guilty . Both Evans and Cisse released statements the day after the incident , with Evans saying : "  I would like to make it clear that I did not spit at Papiss Cisse . " Cisse 's statement said : "  I reacted to something I found very unpleasant . Sometimes it is hard not to react , particularly in the heat of the moment . I have always tried hard to be positive a role model , especially for our young fans , and yesterday I let you down . " Spitting at another player is considered beyond the pale by professional footballers , and former Liverpool midfielder Dietmar Hamann , now a TV pundit , told the BBC 's Match of the Day programme the incident had been "  disgusting . " "  This is not acceptable , " he said . "  There are kids watching . Something has to be done . The behaviour towards each other and the referee is deteriorating on a weekly basis . " Ex-Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes said he did not believe Evans had deliberately spat at Cisse , telling BT Sport : "  Look , it 's not very nice . I think Jonny is spitting on the floor . "  I know Jonny -- he 's not that type of person . If he wants to do that then it 's not hard to miss , is it ? He 's only stood a yard away from him . What Cisse does afterwards is unforgivable . " And former Liverpool player Steve McManaman told the channel : "  Cisse stands up and spits right at Jonny Evans ' neck from about six inches . It 's absolutely disgusting . "  Two wrongs do not make a right . If Jonny Evans has spat at him then it 's wrong , but for Papiss Cisse to get up and react like that is absolutely disgusting . We talk about bad tackles , but that is worse . "	Alleged incident happened in match at St James ' Park Players face six-match ban if found guilty Evans denied spitting in statement Cisse statement says : "  I let you down "
CNN  -- Sri Lankan cricketers have described for the first time how they feared some of their teammates had been killed during a deadly attack on the team bus by gunmen in Pakistan -- and paid tribute to the driver of the bus for saving their lives . Thilan Samaraweera is due to undergo surgery to have a bullet removed from his leg . Six police officers and a driver were killed in the ambush by around a dozen attackers armed with automatic weapons as the players made their way to Lahore 's cricket stadium early Tuesday . Two players , Tharanga Paranavitana and Thilan Samaraweera , suffered gunshot wounds to the chest and leg respectively while six others suffered shrapnel wounds . But vice-captain Kumar Sangakkara told CNN he believed Paranavitana had been killed when he collapsed after being shot . "  I was lying on the ground . I heard Thilan  Samaraweera  groan and I heard Tharanga Paranavitana say something . I turned around and a bullet whizzed past my head and hit the seat in front of me . And then I got hit in the shoulder by shrapnel , " Sangakkara said . "  Then I saw Tharanga Paranavitana get up and say ` I 've been shot ' and then he collapsed on the seat . I really thought he was seriously hurt or even dead . " Read profiles of the wounded players " Describing the initial moments of the ambush , Sri Lanka coach Trevor Bayliss said there had been an explosion "  which someone said later was a rocket launcher that missed the bus and went over the top and hit somewhere in front of us . " Watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack " He said two cars then pulled up in front of the convoy , blocking its path . Gunmen jumped out of the cars and started firing , sending bullets ripping through the bus . "  By that stage everyone was on the ground , " Baylis told CNN . "  Surprisingly it was very calm . There was not a lot we could do except keep low as possible and hope for the best . Every now and then someone would just yell out and say ` I 'm hit . ' " Watch Bayliss talk about his experience " Sangakkara said someone at the front of the bus had shouted to the players to take cover . "  Some of the guys looked up to see what was going on because the bus just swerved a bit and almost came to a stop , " he said . "  Suddenly we heard a couple of explosions getting closer . And then someone from the front of the bus shouted ` They 're shooting at the bus -- get down ! ' That 's when we just hit the deck and suddenly we heard bullets thudding into the bus . It kept going for about a minute . " Watch Sangakkara describe how players ducked for cover " A Pakistani security official on the bus then shouted to the driver in Urdu to "  go , go go ! " Sangakkara said . "  I think we owe our lives to him -- he just put the bus in gear and drove straight through the carnage straight to the ground , " he said . "  They tried to shoot the bus driver first and missed and the guy had the presence of mind to do what was needed to save all our lives . " Baylis also praised the driver of the bus for his bravery . "  He jumped back in his seat with all the bullets coming through the bus and he got us into the stadium . It was n't until we got into the stadium that we could see how hurt some of the players were , " Baylis said . Once inside the stadium the players received medical attention . "  Everyone still seemed confused and shocked but the mood was quite upbeat , " said Sangakkara . "  A few jokes were being cracked , people were talking to each other , making sure everyone was ok , everyone made a great effort to keep the mood lighter than it could have been in that situation and that 's helped a lot of the guys to get through it . " Sangakkara said he 'd had some of the shrapnel removed from his shoulder inside the stadium . He also underwent surgery to remove some more after arriving home in Colombo earlier Wednesday . Paranavitana and Samaraweera are also expected to undergo surgery . Samaraweera still had a bullet in his leg , Sangakkara said . Meanwhile match referee Chris Broad criticized Pakistan 's security forces for their conduct during the attack , claiming they had abandoned match officials traveling in the convoys as "  sitting ducks . " The Englishman and other officials had been traveling in a minibus behind the Sri Lankan team bus when bullets ripped through the vehicle , killing the driver and critically wounding fourth umpire Ahsan Reza . Broad has been hailed as a hero for reportedly shielded Reza but he played down his bravery . "  I 'm not a hero . Ahsan Raza took a bullet to the stomach or chest -- somewhere in the spleen and lung region . I was lying behind him on the floor of the van and there were bullets flying all around us , " Broad said . "  I only noticed he was injured when I saw a large pool of blood had spilled on to the floor and out of the partially opened van door . " Broad said police vans detailed to protect the vehicles in the convoy had apparently disappeared during the attack . "  I am extremely angry that we were promised high-level security and in our hour of need that security vanished and they left us to be sitting ducks . I am extremely fortunate to be here today . "	Sri Lankan vice-captain feared teammate had been fatally wounded Driver praised for getting bus to stadium as bullets ripped through vehicle Attack in Lahore killed driver , 6 Pakistani police , injured 8 Sri Lankan cricket players Match referee : Security forces left players , match officials to be "  sitting ducks "
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka is safely through to the last 16 of the Miami Masters after defeating Edouard Roger-Vasselin of France in straight sets 7-5 6-4 . The world No. 3 , who battled past Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the previous round , was again made to work hard by his lower-ranked opponent . The first set was heading for a tie-break before Wawrinka broke the Frenchman 's serve in the 12th game to close out the set in 45 minutes . The Swiss looked to be running away with the second after opening up a 3-0 lead , but the world No. 43 battled back to 4-4 before Wawrinka broke serve again in the 10th game to take the match . Wawrinka , who has never gone further than the last 16 in Miami , will now face Alexandr Dolgopolov after the No. 22 seed beat Dusan Lajovic 3-6 6-0 7-6  7/5  . The Ukrainian , who shocked Rafael Nadal in the third round at Indian Wells , edged through in a tiebreak after rain halted play for an hour with the score poised at 5-5 in the final set . Canada 's Milos Raonic is through to the fourth round in Miami for the first time after a dominant 6-1 6-2 win over Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez . The No. 12 seed will now face Germany 's Benjamin Becker who beat Aljaz Bedene from Slovenia 6-3 , 7-5 . In the women 's draw , Serena Williams is safely through the quarterfinals after defeating compatriot Coco Vandeweghe 6-3 6-1 . The No. 1 seed overpowered her opponent ranked 104 in the world hitting 17 winners and making only 11 unforced errors , but said afterwards that the match was far from one-sided . "  It was a much tougher match than the scoreline showed , " Williams said . "  CoCo has such an amazing serve , so every time I was returning I was like , ` Hopefully I can touch the ball . ' But it was really good for me to win this match today . I love playing here in Miami . " The defending champion will meet fifth seed Angelique Kerber who needed all three sets to get past Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova . The German won the first set comfortably enough before Makarova fought back to take the second . But it was Kerber who prevailed in the final set to take the match 6-4 1-6 6-3 . Maria Sharapova also needed three sets to overcome Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens . The Russian fourth seed lost the opening set , serving five double faults , before battling back strongly to win 3-6 6-4 6-1 and book a place in the quarterfinals . Sharapova , a runner-up in Miami on five previous occasions , is hoping to break her duck this year . "  Of course you want to be able to hold the winner 's trophy , but you also know the matches you 've got to get through to get to the final stage , " Sharapova said . "  It 's not like I did n't have my opportunities in those finals . I just did n't take them . That 's why you come back and hope for another chance . " Sharapova will face eighth seed Petra Kvitova after the Czech beat Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic 3-6 6-0 6-0 . Read more : Juan Martin del Potro to miss the rest of the season ?	Swiss equals best result at Miami Masters with win over Edouard Roger-Vasselin Wawrinka has never gone further than last 16 in Miami Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova both progress to quarterfinals
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the San Francisco area Friday at 4:42 a.m. PT  7:42 a.m. ET  , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake left about 2,000 customers without power , said David Eisenhower , a spokesman for Pacific Gas and Light . Under the USGS classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered "  light , " which it says usually causes minimal damage . "  We had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , " said Capt. Al Casciato of the San Francisco police . "  It was fairly mild . " Watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake " The quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of Oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the USGS said . Oakland is just east of San Francisco , across San Francisco Bay . An Oakland police dispatcher told CNN the quake set off alarms at people 's homes . The shaking lasted about 50 seconds , said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . According to the USGS , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects . Pendulum clocks may stop . E-mail to a friend	2,000 customers without electricity , power company says Magnitude 4.2 quake set off home alarms , says Oakland police dispatcher "  It was fairly mild , " police say , no immediate reports of injuries , damage It was centered two miles east-northeast of Oakland , about 3.6 miles deep
CNN  -- Did we almost lose Bono ? The rear hatch of the aircraft taking the U2 lead singer from Dublin to Berlin was missing when the aircraft landed at Berlin Schonefeld Airport on Wednesday . Besides Bono  whose real name is Paul Hewson  , there were two pilots and four other passengers on board , according to Germout Freitag , an official with the German Federal Bureau of Aircraft Accident Investigation . U2 is scheduled to perform Thursday at the Bambi Awards , Germany 's version of the Emmys . Other members of the band were traveling separately . The ground crew discovered that the hatch was missing shortly after the aircraft landed at 12:26 a.m. , 11 minutes after it blew off , Freitag said . Bono apologizes for free iTunes album "  The ground crew realized the door was gone and two suitcases had fallen out , " Freitag said . "  Officials have not yet located the two suitcases or the hatch door , but they have been able to pinpoint the area where they are likely to have landed by the radar . " The bureau has started in an investigation into the incident 's cause . "  The investigation will take at least six to eight weeks and will be greatly hampered if the door is not located , " Freitag said . While officials "  have no idea at the moment what caused this and need to examine both the door and the area of the plane , " Freitag said he believes the rear hatch was not properly closed . "  This sort of thing is not common . " Bono did n't seem fazed by the midair scare . A short time later , he met with Walter Lindner , Germany 's special representative on Ebola . With his suitcases missing , we 're not sure what he wore . But the tweet from Germany 's foreign office suggests it was his signature black . .	The airplane carrying Bono landed with its rear hatch missing The rear hatch and two pieces of luggage are still missing Bono met with Germany 's special envoy shortly after landing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Comic actor Harvey Korman has died at 81 , according to the UCLA Medical Center . Harvey Korman 's death comes after complications from the rupture of an abdominal aortic aneurysm . Korman died at the center four months after suffering complications from the rupture of an abdominal aortic aneurysm . "  It was a miracle in itself that he survived the incident at all . Everyone in the hospital referred to him as ` miracle man ' because of his strong will and ability to bounce right back after several major operations , " said Korman 's daughter , Kate Korman . "  Tragically , after such a hard-fought battle , he passed away . " Korman was a regular on "  The Carol Burnett Show " from 1967 through 1978 , for which he won Emmy awards in 1969 , 1971 , 1972 and 1974 . He also won a Golden Globe for his work on the series . The lanky Korman also appeared in Mel Brooks ' "  Blazing Saddles "  as the sneering Hedley Lamarr  , "  High Anxiety " and "  History of the World , Part 1 . " He starred in his own short-lived situation comedy , "  The Harvey Korman Show , " in 1978 , in which he portrayed Harvey Kavanaugh opposite Christine Lahti , who played his wife , Maggie . He made dozens of appearances in other television shows and movies during his lengthy show-business career , including providing voices for several animated productions . Among those was The Great Gazoo , a helmeted space man who appeared in some episodes of "  The Flintstones . " Angie Horejsi , an assistant to Burnett , told The Associated Press that Burnett was devastated by Korman 's death : "  She loved Harvey very much , " Horejsi said . The AP also reported that Brooks described Korman as a "  dazzling " comic talent . "  You could get rock-solid comedy out of him . He could lift the material . He always made it real , always made it work , always believed in characters he was doing , " he said , according to AP . Korman was born in Chicago , Illinois . His first marriage , to Donna Ehlert in 1960 , ended in divorce in 1974 . He married Deborah Fritze in 1982 . Both marriages produced two children . Korman landed some sketch work on "  The Red Skelton Show " in 1961 , followed by a four-year stint on "  The Danny Kaye Show , " which led to his joining Carol Burnett in 1967 . In addition to his wife and daughter , Korman is survived by three other adult children -- Laura , Maria and Chris -- and three grandchildren .	"  Carol Burnett Show " regular won Emmy awards , Golden Globe for work on series Movies included "  Blazing Saddles , " "  High Anxiety , " "  History of the World , Part 1 " Daughter : Actor was called "  miracle man " because of strong will after surgeries Director Mel Brooks : "  He always made it real , always made it work , " AP says
CNN  -- For most Americans , energy policy right now is all about gasoline prices . And given the political claims and counterclaims on this issue being tossed about , it 's no wonder that the public is both skeptical and confused . Republicans charge that the president is responsible for higher prices at the pump , and a certain GOP presidential hopeful has even been so bold as to promise a return to $ 2.50 a gallon gasoline . How can the average American , already feeling the impact of higher prices , filter through the nonsense and noise ? Critics of the administration are quick to note that when Barack Obama took office , gasoline prices were $ 1.95 a gallon . But they neglect to note the U.S. economy was in a virtual depression . For purposes of comparison , when President George W. Bush took office in 2001 , gasoline sold for an average of $ 1.55 a gallon . In the summer of 2008 , his last year in office , prices exceeded $ 4.25 . In reality , presidents have little to do with near-term fluctuations in gas prices . Earlier this year , closures of refineries announced in the United States and elsewhere began pushing up gasoline prices well in advance of the coming "  driving season . " More recent increases are more closely tied to the delicate balance between increased demand growth and concerns related to supply disruptions , including but not limited to concern over Iran . The single largest component in the price of gasoline is the cost of crude oil . Federal , state and local taxes as well as refining costs , transportation , retail advertising and the cost of the service station lease also figure in . All things being equal , for gas to cost $ 2.50 a gallon , the crude oil price would have to be in the $ 50-a-barrel range  less than half of the current price  . And to achieve this anytime soon would likely require a global economic collapse . With oil at $ 50-a-barrel it would not be economically viable for oil companies to bear the cost of extracting oil locked up in hard-to-reach places such as the deep ocean or oil sands , where much of the new production is found . Such a price reduction would , in any event , be short-lived , as demand would grow with lower prices while supply languished . For the longer term , the president 's goal of doubling fuel economy standards and increasing fuel choices makes eminent good sense : It would make $ 4 gasoline feel like $ 2 gas to consumers . Also a very good thing . Republicans charge that the president has impeded domestic oil production , while Democrats are quick to note that production is at its highest level in years . Here , the facts are on the president 's side , as U.S. oil production is at its highest level since 2003 and imports are below 46 % . This is truly good news . Nonetheless , the nit-pickers are quick to point out that much of the recent development has been the result of technology improvements on the part of industry and is largely occurring on private , not federal lands . This too is true . The domestic oil and gas industry has been the source of enormous and valuable technology , innovation , tax and royalty revenues , and new jobs . But production is also up on federal lands as well . Critics claim that if the president had been more aggressive in promoting domestic development of oil and gas and increasing development acreage over the past three years , domestic production would be significantly higher and gas prices would thus be substantially lower . This assertion is false for a couple of reasons . The Deepwater Horizon oil spill  for which the president bore no responsibility  necessarily curtailed U.S. offshore production for the better part of a year . Additionally , exploration and production of green field projects take time -- several years , in fact -- and even modest increases on the order of several hundred thousand barrels per day in a 90-million-barrel-per-day world would not guarantee significantly lower prices at the pump . The president has recently characterized the latest iteration of his energy strategy as an "  all of the above " approach , albeit with a continued emphasis on lower carbon sources . This seems to have struck a raw nerve with industry activists and political opponents , even though in 2007 the National Petroleum Council -- and more recently , Republican proposals -- reached the same conclusions . Similarly , Obama 's language emphasizing the need for responsible development mirrors exactly what the industry said in a 2011 National Petroleum Council study and is consistent with the findings produced by Secretary Steven Chu 's Energy Advisory Board with respect to shale gas development . Thoughtful debate here may be falling victim to politics and pique . Sloganeering and political infighting should not drive our energy debate when there are real challenges to be addressed . The bottom line is that we are all in this together . Regardless of your political affiliation , if the nation does well , we are all the better for it . So let 's try to find some common ground to advance economic , energy and environmental goals where the opportunities present themselves and stop the petty bickering and finger-pointing . The American people deserve better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Verrastro and J. Robinson West .	Frank Verrastro and J. Robinson West say politics has sown confusion on high gas prices The authors say presidents have little to do with spiking gas prices For $ 2.50 a gallon gas , crude oil would be $ 50 a barrel , likely due to global collapse , they say Writers : Obama 's "  all-of-the-above " energy approach makes sense ; finger-pointing does n't
Hong Kong  CNN  The search is on for China 's teen top guns . China said Monday it has selected 16 high schools to offer pilot training as the country 's armed forces seek to attract better qualified recruits . The schools , in 11 provinces across the country , will recruit 1,000 male junior high school students aged between 14 to 16 , the China Daily reported . Successful applicants will receive flight training and "  military standard " physical training in addition to their regular high-school studies . It 's the latest attempt by the People 's Liberation Army 's air force to attract more talent . Last year , it said it would require wannabe pilots to take psychological assessments and a flight simulation test . China 's military has traditionally been focused on winning land battles and is now making efforts to improve its air and naval power in the pursuit of what President Xi Jinping has called "  balanced strength . " "  China has made many strides in the development of advanced aircraft , but it must make sure there can be sufficient , well-trained pilots to fly them , " Wang Ya ` nan , deputy editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine told The China Daily last month . The recruits will receive a stipend and board at the schools . Traditionally , serving in the military has not been a sought-after career in China and a U.S. report on China 's military transformation released last month singled out the quality and professionalism of new recruits as a major challenge . Many are still drawn from rural areas with limited education , while country 's one-child policy , which has created the "  little emperor " phenomenon of spoiled children , produces recruits who "  may not be tough enough to withstand military discipline , " the report added . To this end , China has been making efforts to recruit more high school and college graduates as it modernizes its armed forces . On completing the three-year program , students will take a pilot selection test , and those who pass will join a PLA flight academy and those who fail can choose to enter other military universities or civilian institutes .	China wants 1,000 male junior high school students for pilot training The country seeks to strengthen its navy and air force
CNN  -- The United Nations envoy to Ukraine who was threatened by armed men in Crimea on Wednesday told CNN he hopes his experience "  serves as a reminder to all how dangerous the situation has become . " Robert Serry said the car he was traveling in was blocked by armed men in camouflage uniforms , who did not identify themselves , after he visited the headquarters of the Ukrainian navy in Simferopol . The men told Serry they had orders to take him to the airport immediately , but Serry refused . A brief standoff ensued . The men pulled Serry 's driver out of the car , and some managed to get in , the envoy said . He got out . Serry walked and sought refuge for hours in a cafe , swarmed by protesters . He was eventually taken safely to the airport and left the country . While he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " he was not in fear for his life , the incident shows the "  very urgent need to de-escalate " the tensions . "  All those who are responsible and can do that must have cool heads , lower their rhetoric , and address the situation . I 'm very , very afraid for what could happen if there is bloodshed , " Serry said from Istanbul , Turkey . Leaked call raises questions about who was behind sniper attacks in Ukraine He was in Crimea at the behest of the U.N. secretary-general to report on what 's happening there . When asked by Blitzer what he believes need to be done , the envoy replied the situation on the ground needs to be addressed first . "  A mechanism is very much needed between the parties involved on the Crimea to actually start to control the situation and to de-escalate these tensions . There can be help from the outside if the parties accept that , " he said . "  What is , of course , also very important is that a political dialogue starts between representatives from the Republic of Crimea and the government in Kiev . " Serry said Ukraine could be pulled apart if the rhetoric between the East ad West continues to rise . The incident was mentioned Wednesday by the U.S. Secretary of State , who met with his Russian counterpart in Paris . "  We have seen today with what happened with Special Envoy Serry , just how important it is to ensure the safety of those monitors and observers , " John Kerry said . "  Ukraine 's territorial integrity must be restored and must be respected . The United States stands ready to help our friends in a time of need . " MAP : How Ukraine is divided CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	Robert Serry talks to "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " The U.N. envoy to Ukraine was threatened by armed men in Crimea He calls for political dialogue and a de-escalation of tensions
CNN  -- It was one of the most memorable scenes in recent Champions League history -- Jose Mourinho running along the touchline to celebrate with his Porto side at Old Trafford after a late goal knocked out Manchester United in 2004 . Ten years later Mourinho made another long dash on the touchline in the Champions League , this time after his Chelsea scored an 87th-minute goal through Demba Ba to take control against Paris Saint-Germain in the quarterfinals . He was n't overly celebrating but instead giving instructions to his team on how to protect the lead in the dying stages . Chelsea did hang on , winning 2-0 at home to overturn a 3-1 first-leg deficit and advance on away goals in a battle of the rich versus the rich in European football . Mourinho thus will be managing a team in the Champions League last four for the fifth consecutive campaign . "  Demba made a crucial finish for us and I think  it was  very much deserved , " Mourinho told ITV . "  The team that decided to defend was punished and the team that played with their heart deserved to go to the semis . " A Champions League winner with Porto and Inter Milan , Mourinho is seeking to achieve the feat with his beloved Blues . Chelsea will be joined in the semis by Mourinho 's previous club Real Madrid , which survived -- barely -- without Cristiano Ronaldo against 2013 finalist Borussia Dortmund . Dortmund won 2-0 at home Tuesday but was eliminated 3-2 on aggregate . "  It was a night of suffering but at the end of it we are happy as we are through to the semifinals , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told UEFA.com . The opening 25 minutes in London suggested the visitors would comfortably cope with Chelsea . But after Salvatore Sirigu had to scramble to get a hand to Frank Lampard 's deflected free kick , the game changed . Andre Schurrle , only on the field after an injury to Chelsea 's offensive star , Eden Hazard , converted from David Luiz 's flick in the 32nd minute . Stamford Bridge awoke , and Schurrle and Oscar struck the crossbar seconds apart shortly after the break . Edinson Cavani skied over the bar in the 77th minute and substitute Ba made PSG pay for the miss when he netted into the roof of the net . Mourinho has openly criticized his strikers this season , with Ba not seeing much playing time , but the Senegal international finished impressively with his left foot while falling to the ground . "  I saw the ball and it was in the goal , " he told ITV . "  I just do what I have to do when I get chances . I did n't have chances this season but tonight I took it . " Beaten in injury time last week to give PSG the two-goal advantage , Chelsea keeper Petr Cech preserved his team 's passage Tuesday by pushing away Marquinhos ' effort in added time . How PSG must have rued the absence of injured striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Dortmund , meanwhile , has history in engineering miracles in the Champions League quarterfinals against Spanish opposition , scoring twice in injury time last year to overcome Malaga 3-2 on aggregate . But things took a turn for the worse for Jurgen Klopp 's men when fullback Lukasz Piszczek gave away a penalty for handball . Without Ronaldo , duties were left to Angel di Maria . Di Maria slipped , though still managed a good shot , but Roman Weidenfeller dived to his left to thwart the Argentina winger . The save ignited Dortmund , which had inspirational striker Robert Lewandowski back in its ranks following a first-leg suspension . Dortmund -- which ousted Real Madrid in last season 's competition -- also got help from the Madrid back four . Pepe 's poor touch meant for keeper Iker Casillas was intercepted by an alert Marco Reus and the German international held his nerve to make it 1-0 in the 24th minute . Another Real Madrid gaffe led to another Dortmund break : Casillas tipped Lewandowski 's shot onto the post but Reus was there for the rebound in the 37th minute . Real Madrid coped slightly better in the second half , although Dortmund midfielder Henrik Mkhitaryan hit the post after rounding Casillas . Casillas -- not the starter in La Liga -- then had to be alert to stop Mkhitaryan and Kevin Grosskreutz , with Reus booked for a dive in the box . "  We were clearly the better side today and we really should have scored more goals , but because the game and our performance was so extraordinarily good I really will not make accusations to anyone today , " Klopp told UEFA . On Wednesday , Manchester United visits defending champion Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid hosts Barcelona . Both ties are leveled at 1-1 .	Chelsea overcomes 3-1 first-leg deficit against PSG to reach Champions League semis Demba Ba scores a late goal in London as Chelsea advances on away goals Real Madrid withstands a Borussia Dortmund fightback to also go through Borussia Dortmund wins 2-0 at home but loses 3-2 on aggregate
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will not lose his re-election bid because of Eric Holder . As sensational as the headlines surrounding the Fast and Furious controversy might be , recent history tells us Holder is only the topic of conversation right now . Come July , we 'll forget all about it much in the way the Keystone Pipeline is hardly mentioned . Remember , it was just last week that all of the talk was about immigration and the Latino vote . The week before that , it was same-sex marriages . So Holder -- and the rest of those those sexy subplots -- are really just there to keep us entertained until the main event , the only event that matters leading to the election : the first debate . Everything before that will will likely fade away by November , especially for independents . It 's what happens when Obama and Mitt Romney finally square off on Wednesday , October 3 , that will have the greatest influence on those who are undecided . The candidates will debate at the University of Denver , in the first of three planned presidential debates . But you know the old saying : the first impression is the last impression . So if Obama stumbles in the first , he might as well spend the rest of the fall packing . Team Romney knows this , which is why what we saw in the Republican primary debates is not what we 're going to see in October . Back then , Romney came across flat and on the defensive in the first debate , but this time expect him to come out swinging , questioning nearly every decision the president has ever made -- from cash for clunkers and bailouts to health care reform and the stimulus package . The presumptive Republican nominee wo n't have to knock Obama out , but if the night ends with the president appearing to be on the back of his of his heels , the game is over . After all , what could he possibly say in the next two debates or on the campaign trail that would erase an image of him struggling to defend his own record ? Especially against a guy who continues to struggle to be liked , much in the same way a rigid Richard Nixon struggled against the charismatic John F. Kennedy , the wooden Al Gore paled next to the friendly demeanor of George W. Bush and listless John McCain could n't come close to igniting the crowd like Obama in 2008 . But to complicate things , Obama is defending his record against a man who is not afraid to distort the facts  i.e. lie  to win brownie points . That 's not my opinion , that 's what the people who currently endorse Romney said . After a debate in Florida , Newt Gingrich said Romney gave "  the most blatantly dishonest performance by a presidential candidate I 've ever seen . " Earlier , Rick Santorum said he was "  stunned that Mitt Romney does not have the ability to discern something that is blatantly false . " On top of that , Obama has to find a way to remind the country where it was before he took office without appearing to be blaming former President Bush because , fair or not , people do n't want to hear it . And unlike the backdrop of 2008 , Obama does n't have the luxury of speaking in generic hypotheticals because the country will have specific examples in 2012 to look at . Nowhere to run . Nowhere to hide . And not a teleprompter in sight . Just Romney , the list of promises Obama made in 2008 and his list of accomplishments heading into the stretch run of 2012 . If he 's re-elected , it wo n't be based on how he handles gaffes or controversies such as Fast and Furious . It will be because he took the GOP 's best shot and came out on top on the one night doing so mattered most . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	The Fast and Furious scandal wo n't determine if Obama is re-elected LZ Granderson says the key event will be the first presidential debate on October 3 He says Mitt Romney will go after the president with every criticism he can muster Granderson : Obama will be judged on how well he defends his record
CNN  -- Riot police clashed Friday in suburbs across Bahrain 's capital of Manama with thousands of demonstrators enraged at the government 's denial of responsibility in the death of a 14-year-old boy , a human rights advocate in the Arab nation said . Nabeel Rajab , president of Bahrain 's Center for Human Rights , told CNN that people took to the streets Thursday night and remained into early Friday . There , they voiced anger to several government messages , including a press release that was issued earlier Thursday from Bahrain 's interior ministry that -- citing a coroner 's report -- denied the boy was killed by a tear-gas canister or rubber bullet , as activists have claimed . Riot police tossed tear gas canisters and shot rubber bullets in hopes of breaking up the protest , according to Rajab , who said he witnessed the clashes in one Manama suburb and also spoke to multiple eyewitnesses . Journalist Mazen Mahdi added that he witnessed a similar crackdown in Sanabis , another suburb of the capital , and saw security forces sealing off the area . In response , protesters set up make-shift barricades and threw stones at riot police in an attempt them to stop from going further into residential parts of the suburbs . "  Security forces raided homes and fired shots into Shiite suburbs as a form of collective punishment , " said Rajab . "  It is a common tactic they use to stop youth from demonstrating against the regime . " The clashes resulted in several injuries and dozens or arrests , according to Rajab , adding that the Center for Human Rights had not been able to ascertain exact numbers in either case . There was no immediate response from the Bahraini government to the claims , nor was there a mention of such clashes in the state-run Bahrain News Agency . Yet such confrontations between demonstrators and authorities are not new in Bahrain , one of several countries embroiled in anti-government protests across the Middle East and North Africa this year . Bahrain is a close ally of the United States and houses the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet . Its rulers blame Shiite-ruled Iran for stirring up trouble among its Shiite majority , but opposition leaders and Iranian officials deny the allegation and many Western powers have dismissed it . The dispute over the circumstances surrounding the 14-year-old boy 's death is the latest to stir distrust among activists towards the government . Clashes broke out overnight Wednesday into Thursday between Shiite Muslim protesters and police , after witnesses said they saw the boy -- Ali Jawad al-Sheikh -- collapse after riot police fired a tear-gas round at him and other protesters who were in Sitra , southwest of Manama . The interior ministry has said no clashes were taking place at the time the boy was injured , claiming that the last reported incident of unrest in the area was around 1:15 a.m. on Wednesday . And a police chief said Thursday that the hospital officials who informed the police they had received the boy 's body did not give any details about the incident or where the body was found , the state news agency reported . Bahraini officials said Thursday that the doctor who carried out an autopsy on the body concluded that the cause of death was an injury sustained behind the neck , where there were fractures causing bleeding around the spinal cord . Blood tests by the forensic laboratory did not show any sign of tear-gas exposure , BNA cited public prosecution chief Osama Al Asfoor as saying . Unconvinced , thousands of people took to the streets earlier Thursday at the boy 's funeral , according to witnesses . Rajab , who was at the funeral , said the procession remained calm , with no outbreaks of violence . He told CNN crowds of people gathered early that morning and police had pulled out from the entire area , using helicopters instead to monitor the situation . Meanwhile , government officials say they are investigating the death and the interior ministry has offered a 10,000 Bahraini dinar  $ 26,400  reward for information leading to the arrest of his killer , state news agency BNA reported Thursday . The press release Thursday from the interior ministry concluded the youth died "  as a result of a serious blow to the back of the neck ... that culminated in a blood clot in the brain , which eventually took his life . " The release urged "  calm in response to the tragic death of a 14-year-old boy " and asked for the three unknown men who brought the boy 's body to a hospital "  to make themselves known so that they can explain how they found Ali and offer an explanation of the events of the morning that  led  to his death . " Speaking ahead of the boy 's burial , Bahraini pro-democracy activist Zainab Alkhawaja , in Sitra , told CNN there was a feeling of anger in the streets , with people chanting slogans calling for the fall of the regime and its leader , King Hamad . "  People are more upset and angry than I 've seen at  a  funeral here before -- I think because he was so young , " she said . Protests have lingered for months despite a crackdown by Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy , backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . More than 30 people have been killed the crackdown , in which activists say Bahraini security forces have used live ammunition . Opposition groups say more than 1,000 people -- mainly Shiites -- have been detained and more than 2,000 have lost their jobs for allegedly taking part in the protests . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Thousands in Bahrain rip the government for denying a role in boy 's death , witnesses say One activist says riot police fired tear gas and rubber bullets and "  raided homes " There was no immediate response from the Bahraini government to the clashes Bahrain has been the site of months of anti-government protests and clashes
CNN  -- Josh Hardy , the 7-year-old boy whose parents fought to get him an experimental antiviral drug , is recovering well -- sitting up on his own and even taking a few steps with the help of a walker and his parents ' supportive arms . "  He 's getting stronger every day , " says his mother , Aimee Hardy . "  We 're completely optimistic and hopeful that he 'll make a full recovery with no disabilities . " Josh was in critical condition and near death in March when the drug company Chimerix denied him the use of its drug brincidofovir . A few days later , following reports by CNN and intense pressure from social media , Chimerix reversed course and allowed Josh and other patients like him to become part of its clinical trials . Josh was released from St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , last month but continues to receive care there . Drug brings remarkable improvement for boy He , his parents and three brothers , who live in Virginia , are now staying at an apartment near the hospital . His mother says he wo n't be healthy enough to return home until next month at the earliest . Before receiving brincidofovir , an adenovirus was ravaging Josh 's immune system , left vulnerable by treatment for cancer , and the only available antiviral drug to treat it was n't working . Once he started taking brincidofovir , the adenovirus was gone from Josh 's blood in two weeks . "  It 's truly a miracle drug , " his mother says . While the adenovirus has disappeared , Josh is still suffering the effects of the medication his doctors gave him as a second-choice drug when he was n't allowed to take brincidofovir . He now receives blood transfusions once a week and dialysis three times a week . He has to be fed intravenously . But there are signs his kidneys are beginning to work . "  On Easter Sunday he peed 110 milliliters at one time and I said , ` Oh , thank you ! ' " his mother says . Dying patients denied drugs Traditionally , drug companies have not been allowed to treat so-called "  compassionate use " patients such as Josh as study subjects , so helping them out has been pure charity work on behalf of the drug company . But the Food and Drug Aministration allowed Chimerix to use data from Josh and others as part of its application to the agency , helping to get the drug on the market faster . The Hardys said they were saddened to hear that Kenneth Moch , who as president of Chimerix initially denied them the drug but eventually helped Josh get it , is no longer with the company . According to Chimerix , Moch resigned "  to pursue other interests . " "  I feel terrible . I feel like it was our fault , " Aimee Hardy says . "  He 's a genuine guy who was just put in a bad situation . " Moch says he 's looking for a new job . "  The Hardy family should feel no responsibility for this whatsoever , and I appreciate their kind thoughts , " Moch says . "  I 'm collateral damage from a very complex situation . " Josh Hardy 's father says son faces ` long road to recovery '	Josh Hardy , 7 , received an experimental drug after a public outcry Once near death , Josh is recovering well and is out of the hospital , his mother says Ex-drug company president who resigned afterward says he is "  collateral damage "
A series of revelations about the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs sparked outrage among many this week , including the expected privacy activists and civil libertarians . But there seems to be a gap between the roiling anger online and the attitudes of other people , especially younger ones , who think it 's just not that big a deal . It 's the rare issue that crosses party lines in terms of outrage , apathy and even ignorance . When interviewing people about the topic in downtown San Francisco , we found a number of people of all ages who had not heard the news , and more than one who asked what the NSA was . The rest had various reasons for not being terribly concerned . Official : Damage assessment over U.S. intelligence-gathering leaks Privacy is already dead When the news broke on Wednesday , a number of people responded online by saying an extensive government surveillance program was n't surprising and just confirmed what they already knew . The lack of shock was n't limited to savvy technologists who have been following reports from organizations like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , or EFF , that cover possible monitoring going back to 2007 . Many people already assumed that information online was easily accessible by corporations and the government . A survey conducted by the Allstate/National Journal Heartland Monitor just days before the NSA news broke found that 85 % of Americans already believed their phone calls , e-mails and online activity were being monitored . Allen Trember from San Luis Obispo , California , said he knew when he started using the Internet that his information was n't going to be private , but still lamented that privacy no longer exists . "  I do n't like it , but what can I do about it ? " he said . "  I 'm just glad that we have as much freedom as we do . " Internet laughs about being spied on OK sacrificing privacy for security A national joint survey conducted in April by CNN , Time and ORC International found that 40 % of respondents were willing to give up some of their civil liberties for increased security . That survey was conducted after the Boston Marathon bombing and before news of the NSA programs was public . "  Out of sight , out of mind , " is how Will , 28 , responded to the news . The Nevada resident said he would rather not know about the program , and thought its being public would make it easier for criminals to circumvent the government 's security programs . A Twitter account @_nothingtohide quickly sprung up and started retweeting one of the more common reactions : People are n't worried about the NSA monitoring their calls or online activity because they believe they have no crimes or information to hide from the government . "  If the government wants to look at my phone records to keep me safe ... so be it . I do n't have anything to hide , " tweeted Cayla Marie . "  Terror war only fought by intelligence gathering . We criticize those entrusted to keep us safe & scream when they fail to do so , " reads a tweet from Lucy Rose . Nearly half of Americans say the government would never abuse such an extensive trove of data . The Heartland Monitor poll found that 48 % of Americans trust the government "  some " or a "  great deal " with their private data . Leslie Harris , president of the civil liberties group Center for Democracy and Technology , thinks the all or nothing view is flawed . "  In a constitutional democracy like the United States , the goal is to find the balance between security and liberty , not to sacrifice liberty for security , " she said . "  I think that simply giving up on our privacy throws off the balance in a democracy between a government and its citizens . " How does it affect me ? Nothing I can do Recent surveys have shown that Americans in their teens and twenties share more of their lives online and are less concerned about digital privacy than older Web users . For people who are not worried about the government seeing their personal communications , the revelations lack an immediate impact on their lives and there 's no urgent push to take action . "  I think that at the moment , people may not feel the impact , but the fact that we have a secret agency that can access most of our digital lives -- I think that the loss will be felt over time , " Harris said . Even people who disagree with the program might not think they can do anything about it . Users still do n't know how the government is getting the information and what role the major Internet companies played in the snooping . There have been vehement , similar denials from the CEOs of Facebook and Google . These companies rightfully fear the accusations could damage their businesses , as people move to other Web services that might be more secure . Harris recommended people who are concerned start by contacting their representatives in Congress . "  We are citizens in a democracy , " she said . "  We can demand from our elected officials greater transparency . " Opinion : The great privacy debate	Some people are reacting to NSA news with resignation and lack of concern Many consider the monitoring by the government a necessary trade-off for increased security For those who are upset and want to act , civil liberties activists recommend contacting Congress
Honolulu  CNN  -- The Internet loves a list . Lists spark conversation . They start fights . People see a list and come away asking questions : Why is n't my song on The Atlantic 's list of "  10 best songs about the subway . " Or why is my state on Gawker 's ranking of the "  worst 50 states in America . "  Their winner/loser : Arizona . Ready , set : debate . Lists , in short , "  are awesome , " as Buzzfeed 's CEO put it in a memo earlier this year . That site , which is the undisputed king of the Internet list , is known for using rankings , lists and GIFs to make people read about all kinds of wacky topics they never would have cared about , or even imagined , before . As I 'm writing this , the site has lists for "  11 DIY recipes for your favorite '90s snacks , " "  29 insanely elaborate custom coffins from Ghana " and "  4 delightfully sexist political ads from the '50s " on its homepage . I 'm not ashamed to say I totally would read that stuff . But I want to push the idea in a new direction . I 'm heading up a new CNN project called Change the List . It aims to appropriate everything that 's great about lists -- shareability , intrigue , digestibility -- to the end of creating change in some of the places that need it most . For each project , we will start with some sort of ranking that deals with a pressing social issue . CNN will send me , your lucky guide to all things list-y , to the place at the bottom of the list . I 'll report on what 's going wrong , why the issue matters , and what could be done to help . Then I 'll enlist  pun intended , sorry ...  you , CNN 's dutiful readers , in a social campaign created to help bump that place off the bottom of the list . It 's a collective experiment in make-a-difference journalism . The goal is that , together , we can change the list . The first Change the List project focuses on voter participation in the United States . You may have heard there 's this little election coming up in November ? Despite the fact that pundits have been yacking about the race for years , and candidates are spending unprecedented dollars on attack ads , millions of Americans will wake up on November 6 and go about the day as if they were n't blessed with the opportunity to help decide the future of the world 's pre-eminent democracy . They wo n't vote . This is particularly true in Hawaii , where fewer than half the state 's eligible voters cast a ballot in 2008 . That 's the case even though Barack Obama is Hawaii 's  for-real , certifiable  native son . Hawaii , rather consistently , has the lowest voter turnout rate in the United States . Less than 49 % of eligible people voted in the 2008 presidential election , according to data crunched by Michael McDonald from George Mason University . Compare that to the top state , Minnesota , where almost 78 % voted . I 'm in Hawaii this week to look into why that 's the case -- and to see what people there are trying to do to increase voter participation in paradise . The trip will include a meeting with Kanu Hawaii , a nonpartisan group that 's going door to door to register first-time voters . Volunteers are uploading photos of these new civic participants -- the people who actually have the power to change the list -- to iReport . Photos submitted via Instagram and Twitter with the hashtag #changethelist also will pop up soon on this CNN page . If you 've never voted , please make a pledge to do so here  . I 'm also planning to visit the district with the lowest of the low voter turnout rates in Hawaii ; a meeting with a homeless candidate who won the Republican primary for a U.S. House of Representatives race ; and conversations with people in the state who do n't vote because they say the United States is illegally occupying the islands . When I get back , we 'll try to create a conversation that could change the list -- that could bump Hawaii out of 50th place . Look for a stream of content on voter turnout between now and November , when I 'll report back on our successes and failures . The aim of Change the List , by the way , is not to shame the countries , cities or states that fall at the bottom of the lists . It 's to seek understanding that could lead to solutions . No finger pointing here . Just action . There 's a fair chance the concept may leave you thinking something like this : "  Hey , but wo n't another place fall to the bottom of the list when it 's over ? " Know that you 're right . But I think of it this way : By trying to boost a place off the bottom of the list , we hope to raise standards for everyone . You can follow this journey -- to Hawaii and beyond -- on the new Change the List Tumblr . Sign up for an e-mail newsletter to get updates on how you can help with this project . For a primer on voting in Hawaii , also check out these links : The list : Hawaii has the lowest voter turnout rate Why does n't Hawaii vote ? Some hypotheses On who votes and who does n't ... In the early 1960s , 94 % of Hawaiians voted To up voter turnout : Say ` thank you ' Map : Hawaii voter turnout by precinct And if you have questions , please ask , either on social media or in the comments section on this post . I 'll do my best to find answers . Until then , mahalo !	Change the List is a new CNN journalism experiment Current project : Bumping Hawaii off the bottom of the U.S. voter turnout list Stories will focus on creating change where it 's needed most The project is led by John D. Sutter from CNN Digital
CNN  -- Want to visit Yosemite , Grand Canyon or Yellowstone next year ? Pack your camping supplies and knock those parks off your bucket list now , because it may cost you a little bit more to explore the national parks by summer 2015 . For the first time in eight years , the National Park Service sites that charge entrance and amenity fees can increase their rates by set amounts . They have to engage their communities , note what the increases will cover and get approval by park service headquarters . Fee increase proposals are due by March 15 . Though just 133 of the 401 National Park Service sites across the United States charge an entrance fee , they 're some of the parks that travelers often think of first . Yosemite National Park , which released its fee proposal on Tuesday , wants to increase its weekly entrance pass from $ 20 to $ 30 . Camping fees would rise from the current range of $ 5 to $ 20 per night for family sites  $ 40 per night for group sites  to a range of $ 6 to $ 24 per night for family sites  $ 48 per night for group sites  . The cost of national park passes will remain at $ 80 for the regular annual pass , $ 10 for the lifetime senior pass and free for the annual military passes and access passes  for those with permanent disabilities  . These are five national park sites we think you must see , either now or after any fee increases take effect . They 're still a bargain ! Yosemite National Park , California President Abraham Lincoln first protected Yosemite with his signing of the Yosemite Land Grant on June 30 , 1864 , 150 years ago . Yosemite will celebrate 125 years as a national park in 2015 . Grand Canyon National Park , Arizona The Colorado River cuts through the bottom of the magnificent Grand Canyon for 277 miles , and it 's a full vertical mile from the South Rim to the canyon floor . The canyon 's width varies , but it measures 18 miles in several spots . The South Rim is open year-round , but the North Rim -- generally the coolest place in the park -- is open during the spring and summer . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 25 Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming , Montana and Idaho Old Faithful calls this place home . Established as the United States ' first national park in 1872 , Yellowstone is also one of the first 12 sites on UNESCO 's World Heritage List , which recognizes the world 's most important natural and cultural wonders . Yellowstone is one of the few remaining intact ecosystems of significant size in the northern temperate zone on Earth , including a volcano , more than 300 geysers and more than 10,000 thermal features . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 25 Arches National Park , Utah Arches National Park is one of the most unique spots on Earth , home to the world 's highest collection of natural sandstone arches . They include the largest , Landscape Arch , and the tallest , Double Arch South . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 10 Great Smoky Mountains National Park , North Carolina and Tennessee It 's free ! Despite its reign as the most-visited national park in the country last year , with 9.4 million visitors , Great Smoky Mountains National Park is our bargain park , with no entrance fees .  There are camping and other amenity fees . That 's because the park 's Newfound Gap Road was once owned by the state of Tennessee . When the state transferred it to the federal government , the state required that no fee "  ever be imposed " to travel the road .	National Park Service allowing fee increases for first time in 8 years Yosemite and 132 other park sites charge fees They can propose to increase fees after seeking public comment National parks are still a bargain
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal will miss the U.S. Open after the reigning champion could n't recover in time from a right wrist injury . The world No. 2 injured his wrist after Wimbledon and pulled out of the recent Masters events in Toronto and Cincinnati . Due to make an announcement over the weekend about his participation at Flushing Meadows , that decision was pushed back to Monday and the Spaniard 's fans were ultimately left disappointed with the outcome . "  I am very sorry to announce I wo n't be able to play at this year 's U.S. Open , " the 28-year-old announced on his Facebook page . "  I am sure you understand that it is a very tough moment for me since it is a tournament I love and where I have great memories from fans , the night matches , so many things . "  There is  not much more I can do right now , other than accept the situation and , as always in my case , work hard in order to be able to compete at the highest level once I am back . " It 's not the first time Nadal wo n't be able to defend a grand slam title . He also skipped Wimbledon in 2009 , the year after his memorable triumph over Roger Federer at the All England Club , when his knees were the issue . Injuries have been an ever present in the 14-time grand slam winner 's career , with those knees the biggest culprit . But a hamstring injury hindered Nadal at the 2011 Australian Open -- when he was on the verge of capturing a fourth consecutive grand slam titles -- and in Melbourne seven months ago , back pain meant he was unable to perform at his best in the finale versus Stan Wawrinka . His absence means Federer will be bumped up to No. 2 in the seedings , only behind Novak Djokovic . Federer has been the hottest player this summer , reaching the final in Toronto and winning Cincinnati , and without his nemesis at the U.S. Open , the Swiss ' chances of landing a record-extending 18th major have now improved . Nadal is the highest profile casualty of the U.S. Open , though 2009 champion Juan Martin del Potro also withdrew with a wrist injury . The tournament begins next Monday .	Rafael Nadal says he will miss the U.S. Open because of a wrist injury It 's not the first time the Spaniard will be unable to defend a grand slam title Nadal suffered injury heartache in the year 's first major , hampered by a bad back Roger Federer will now be the tournament 's second seed after Novak Djokovic
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Lisa Alexander woke up early on February 18 , the same way she does every morning . "  My alarm usually goes off at 4:30 , 4:45 , " she said . "  I lay in the bed and kind of plan out my day . " She had no idea that her life was about to be targeted by a man with a vendetta against the government . She got up , woke up her son and headed to work at the IRS offices in Austin . "  The first thing I do is get in , organize my desk and wipe it down ... fire up my computer and tell everybody good morning , " Alexander said . "  Before I know it , the building kind of went to the left and came back ... "  I thought it was an earthquake . " It was n't . Just a few minutes before 10 a.m. , a single-engine Piper Cherokee PA-28 crashed into the multistory building where Alexander worked . "  It was like an explosion , " she said . "  The windows started breaking out and the tiles started falling from the ceiling , and then it was dark . " Alexander said she went to check on her co-workers , and they headed for the nearest door . "  As we open the door , this ` poof ' sound comes in as if it were a flame or something behind it , " she said . "  So we immediately shut the door and we smelled that smell , it was probably jet fuel . " They closed the door and stood there , trying to figure out how to escape . "  The first thing that crossed my mind is I 'm not going to see my son anymore , " Alexander said . A few blocks away , Robin DeHaven was driving his truck on his way to install windows when he spotted something strange in the sky . "  I looked on the horizon and I just saw a little dot and ... I 'm staring at it like , ` What is this ? It does n't look like a bird or anything . ' " DeHaven said . "  And I realized it was a plane . " Realizing there was no airport around for miles , he figured the pilot must be having problems . "  When I saw it disappear , within seconds I saw a big plume of black smoke , " he said . "  I exited the highway , and I saw that all this smoke was coming from this building . All I saw was all the shattered glass and all the smoke coming out , and I thought , ` Oh jeez , he hit a building . ' " Authorities say they believe the pilot , Joe Stack , had ripped seats out of the small plane and put in a drum of fuel to cause maximum damage . Stack allegedly set fire to his $ 230,000 home in Austin before embarking on his fatal flight . Read Stack 's apparent suicide note  PDF Investigators believe Stack targeted the building because it housed IRS offices . A 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack railed against the government , particularly the IRS . Alexander did n't have time to think about what had happened , or why someone had crashed a plane into her office building . "  We were all screaming for help , " she said . "  By that time , the smoke was getting real bad . I kind of crouched down on the floor trying to get some air from under there . "  And -LSB- I was thinking -RSB- I 'm going to have to jump because it 's getting worse in here . " The next thing she knew , she saw what she thought was "  an angel from heaven . " Alexander and the others survived . But the attack killed one of their co-workers , longtime IRS employee Vernon Hunter . He was 68 . Alexander said she had a lot of memories of Hunter , whom she worked with before her job at the IRS . "  He 'd do anything for you , " she said . She questioned why he , of all people , had to die . But she said the tragedy actually made her faith in God stronger . "  I 've been raised all my life to go to church and believe in God , and it 's like , you know , maybe it 's time for me to start believing , " Alexander said . "  And that 's when it came to light that this was my test . "  I 've really lived a good life . I 've never come so close to death . I 've had family members die , and it was a little different . But when it faces you , it 's a different feeling . " CNN 's Brian Rokus and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Lisa Alexander is an IRS revenue officer in Austin , Texas She was one of nearly 200 employees in IRS offices when a plane struck the building Authorities say Joe Stack , angry at the government , flew his plane into the multistory building
CNN  -- Men in a civil union will now be allowed to become bishops in the Church of England , but they are not allowed to have sex . Intercourse between two men -- or two women -- remains a sin . "  Homosexual genital acts fall short of the Christian ideal and are to be met with a call to repentance and the exercise of compassion , " according to Anglican doctrine . Men and women in same-sex unions were already allowed to serve as priests in the Church of England , but there was a moratorium on advancement to the episcopate -- becoming a bishop -- while the church considered the issue . The church announced Friday that if men in celibate civil unions may be priests , then there is no reason for them not to be bishops , as long as they are "  living in accordance with the teaching of the Church on human sexuality . " Any priest looking to become a bishop must undergo a thorough examination of "  personal and family circumstances , " according to a statement released by the House of Bishops of the Church of England . Female priests are barred from advancing to the position of bishop , as a vote on the measure in the church failed to pass lay approval last November despite an overwhelming majority of support within the church hierarchy . Women have been permitted to enter the priesthood since the early 1990s . The church defines marriage "  as a faithful , committed , permanent and legally sanctioned relationship between a man and a woman , is central to the stability and health of human society . " It believes sex should be practiced exclusively within a marriage . The British parliament is expected to consider legislation allowing same-sex marriage , but the Church of England and the Church in Wales would be prohibited from performing wedding ceremonies as long as it remains against canon law . In 2005 , Britain allowed same-sex couples to register civil partnerships , prompting the church to consider the issue . It does not bless civil unions of any kind , for fear some of them may be sexual . But it also does not exclude gays and lesbians from the flock , according to it 2005 deliberations . The Anglican Church is a protestant denomination intimately associated with the American Episcopal Church . The church and state in Britain are formally connected . The two archbishops of the church , the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York , along with 24 other bishops , have seats in Parliament in the House of Lords . Though women may not yet rise to high positions in its clergy , Queen Elizabeth is the Supreme Governor of the Church of England . Read more : Proposal would allow same-sex marriage in England , Wales Read more : Can ` true Catholics ' support same-sex marriage ? CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report	The priests in same-sex unions must remain celibate The Anglican Church recognizes marriage as being only between a man and a woman Sex should be practiced only within a marriage , the church says Women may be priests but are not allowed to become bishops
CNN  -- Raise your hand if you spent this weekend binge-watching "  House of Cards " ? Join the club . From the leader of the free world to celebs , it appeared that Valentine 's Day weekend was for lovers of season two of the hit Netflix series . The show , about the devious machinations of Washington politician Francis Underwood and his wife , Claire , played by Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright , has a devoted fan base that eagerly awaited the release of the new season on Friday -- and many of them watched all 13 episodes over the weekend . President Barack Obama is so into the show that he tweeted right before the release , "  No spoilers , please . " Do n't worry Mr. President , Netflix has you covered . They offered up the Spoiler Foiler , which blocks any danger words in Twitter timelines that might reveal too much . Trust us , such a thing is needed from the first episode on  no spoilers here , we promise  . Celeb fans could n't resist getting in on the binge . "  Teen Wolf " star Melissa Ponzio tweeted about a new addition to the show with "  can i tell you how much i love Cashew ?! shes gon na make everyone pay !! @HouseofCards omg #HouseOfCards . " Musician Questlove can be found most late weeknights playing drums in Jimmy Fallon 's house band , but this weekend was all about the Netflix show for him . He tweeted , "  oh what have you done to me @HouseofCards . " CNN even gets in on the game with a few personalities making cameos in the series . CNN 's Jake Tapper congratulated Ashleigh Banfield for her interview with Claire Underwood on the show by tweeting " . @CNNAshleigh nice get with Vice President Underwood 's wife . " Did you catch season two of "  House of Cards " ? What did you think ?	Valentine Day 's weekend was binge time for "  House of Cards " fans Netflix released all 13 episodes of season two on Friday Even President Barack Obama requested "  no spoilers " Many celebs also tweeted about their love of the hit show
CNN  One of the biggest TV events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences . "  Roots , " the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now A&E networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . A&E , Lifetime and History  formerly the History Channel  announced Thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte , an African who was captured , shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation . LeVar Burton , who portrayed Kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries . A press release describes the new version as "  original " and "  contemporary " and will draw more from Alex Haley 's classic novel , "  Roots : The Saga of an American Family . " Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity . "  We are proud to bring this saga to fans of the original , as well as to a new generation that will experience this powerful and poignant tale for the first time , " said Dirk Hoogstra , History 's executive vice president and general manager . "  Audiences will once again feel the impact of Kunta Kinte 's indomitable spirit . " Executive producer Mark Wolper , son of the original 's producer David L. Wolper , added , "  Kunta Kinte began telling his story over 200 years ago and that story went through his family lineage , to Alex Haley , to my father , and now the mantle rests with me . Like Kunta Kinte fought to tell his story over and over again , so must we . " The remade "  Roots " will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation 's first African-American president and "  12 Years a Slave " win the Oscar for Best Picture , but also widespread racial unrest over police treatment of black suspects in many U.S. cities . "  My career began with ` Roots ' and I am proud to be a part of this new adaptation , " said Burton . "  There is a huge audience of contemporary young Americans who do not know the story of ` Roots ' or its importance . "	The A&E networks are remaking the blockbuster "  Roots " miniseries , to air in 2016 The epic 1977 miniseries about an African-American slave had 100 million viewers
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  AirAsia Indonesia did not have a license to fly the Surabaya-to-Singapore route on Sunday that ended in tragedy , it has been revealed . The airline was approved to fly the route four days a week but it did not include Sunday . Indonesia 's Ministry of Transport has announced a full investigation and suspended Indonesia AirAsia flights between the two cities . It will also check all other airlines operating in the country to make sure they were complying with license agreements . AirAsia search turns up big parts in Java Sea Indonesia AirAsia CEO Sunu Widyatmoko was quoted on local television as saying the airline would cooperate fully with the investigation and would not be releasing any statement until the results were known . He has not returned calls from CNN . AirAsia Indonesia is a subsidiary of the Malaysian-based AirAsia group . The parent company owns almost 49 % of the Indonesian operation . The investigation will focus on the operations of AirAsia Indonesia and state-owned airport operator Angkasa Pura 1 , which manages Surabaya airport . Transport Minister Ignatious Jonan described the airline 's breach as a "  serious violation . " "  How could they fly ? Who would they have to approach to be able to make that flight . It would have to be the airport management or lobby air traffic control . " He said the investigation is expected to take about a week . "  It 's not complicated . There is a checklist of what should and should not have been done . " He said penalties ranged from AirAsia losing the right to fly the Surabaya-Singapore route through to grounding the entire operation , "  depending on the evidence from the investigation . " Flight QZ8501 took off from Juanda International Airport in Surabaya a little after 5:30 a.m. last Sunday . Just after 6:12 a.m. , one of the pilots radioed air traffic control requesting permission to climb from 32,000 to 38,000 feet and turn left to avoid bad weather . Permission was given to turn but not to increase altitude . That was the last communication with the plane . At 6:18 a.m. it disappeared from radar . In an statement earlier , the transport ministry said the airline "  has violated the agreement on route given . " "  Indonesia AirAsia route Surabaya-Singapore was operated outside of the permitted license , namely among others on Sunday . And Indonesia AirAsia did not submit a request to alter operational day to the Directorate General of Air Transport . This is a violation against the agreement in the route provided , " the statement said . Aviation expert Geoff Thomas , an author on aviation issues and editor of airlineratings.com , which writes on airline safety worldwide , said it was "  highly unusual " to fly without approval . Captain 's family remembers him "  If it was not authorized it could realize legal and insurance implications , " he said . "  In most jurisdictions , it is highly unusual . An airline will have to apply for a new flight . " Thomas added that in countries with an open-skies policy , airlines could add or subtract flights as they saw fit if there was the capacity at the airports , but Indonesia does not operate an open-skies policy . AirAsia was founded by Tony Fernandes , currently the CEO , in 2001 . It has had a spotless safety record until now . Airline safety in Indonesia , one of Asia 's fastest growing aviation markets , has improved in recent years . The last fatal accident involving a commercial jetliner was in 2007 , according to the analysis group Flightglobal . Jonan said he had been in touch with Fernandes via email and that the he had accepted the suspension of the airline . Flight attendant was living her ` dream '	Officials : Doomed flight did not have a license to fly the Surabaya-to-Singapore route the day it crashed Indonesian officials announce a full investigation , suspend AirAsia 's service between the two cities Indonesia 's Ministry of Transport calls it a "  serious violation "
The nation 's 44,000 airport screeners would lose the title "  officer , " their metal badges and maybe even the stripes down their pant legs under a bill sponsored by a Transportation Security Administration critic . Called the "  STRIP Act , " for "  Stop TSA 's Reach In Policy Act , " the bill was introduced by Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , on Thursday in response to a series of alleged strip searches by TSA officers . The TSA denies that strip searches were conducted . "  Congress has sat idly by as the TSA strip-searches 85-year-old grandmothers in New York , pats down 3-year-olds in Chattanooga , and checks colostomy bags for explosives in Orlando . Enough is enough ! , " Blackburn said in a statement . "  The least we can do is end this impersonation , which is an insult to real cops . " The bill , which has 25 co-sponsors , would prohibit airport screeners from using the title "  officer " and would ban them from wearing a metal badge resembling a police badge or a uniform resembling that of a federal law enforcement officer unless they receive law enforcement training . When the TSA was formed after the 2001 terrorist attacks , screeners wore white shirts with embroidered patches . But in 2005 , the TSA reclassified screeners as "  transportation security officers , " and in 2007 introduced new uniforms in an effort to professionalize the workforce and boost morale . In 2008 , metal badges were added to the uniform . At the time , the association representing federal law enforcement officers opposed the badges , saying that they would mislead the public into believing the screeners had traditional police powers . Transportation security officers are unarmed , do not have arrest powers and can not use force , the association said . But the association on Friday opposed the changes . "  I think it is wrong to strip away the title . It 's not the screener 's fault , " said Jon Adler , president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association . "  I think the bill in Congress should focus not so much on taking away a title but in assuring that the training and experience support the title . The answer is to build upon it ; do n't strip it away . " The union representing screeners called the bill an insult . "  Every single member of Congress should be supporting federal employees , not trying to demean them , " said John Gage , president of the American Federation of Government Employees . "  Reps. Blackburn ,  Florida Rep. John  Mica and their other cohorts in the House need to stop bullying the TSA workforce , and maybe just worry about doing their own jobs , " Gage said . "  Instead of actually helping to fight terrorism , " he said , "  they are inspiring the type of unnecessary and disrespectful behavior by a few members of the public with an agenda that in fact diverts attention from securing American skies . "	Rep. Marsha Blackburn 's proposal is in reaction to alleged strip searches The bill also would take away the title "  officer " and police-like uniforms This is the wrong way to go , the chief of the federal law officers ' union says
CNN  -- A 75th minute strike by striker Graziano Pelle gave AZ Alkmaar a 1-0 home win over NEC Nijmegen on Sunday to leave his side top of the Dutch standings . Italian star Pelle scored the winner to keep AZ on top heading into the Dutch break . The Italian 's decisive goal means Louis van Gaal 's men will head into 2009 with a three-point lead over Ajax Amsterdam after 17 rounds . The Eredivisie is set to resume on January 16 after a three-week break . Earlier , Dario Cvitanich scored a hat-trick as Ajax beat ADO Den Haag 3-0 to temporarily draw level on points with the leaders . But AZ , who are unbeaten in 15 games , then saw off Nijmegen , who had also been on a fine 14-game unbeaten run . AZ have 41 points , with Ajax on 38 . Steve McClaren 's FC Twente are in third place , seven points adrift of AZ , after holding defending champions PSV Eindhoven to a goalless draw on Saturday . PSV are fourth with 30 points and looking set to relinquish their league title . On Friday , Feyenoord snapped a run of three successive losses by beating NAC Breda 3-1 , but the struggling Rotterdam giants are in 12th spot .	AZ Alkmaar beat NEC Nijmegen 1-0 in Dutch league game on Sunday Alkmaar on top by three points from Ajax heading into midwinter break Former Lecce striker Graziano Pelle scores crucial winner for AZ
CNN  -- Talk about a "  Transformer . " Mark Wahlberg , who shows off rippling muscles in 2014 's "  Transformers : Age of Extinction , " is losing as much weight as he can for a remake of "  The Gambler . " Photos from the set show that the 42-year-old has become noticeably skinny in order to portray a literature professor with a gambling problem . The actor 's leaner physique was first noticed in January , and he confirmed to "  Extra " at the time that he was losing the weight for a role . "  I 'm trying to get as thin as a possibly can , " Wahlberg said . "  I was at 195 when I was doing ` Transformers , ' and right now I 'm at 158 . So maybe  I 'll go to  150 , 149 ,  1  45 . " Obviously , in order to drop that much weight while filming , Wahlberg 's had to commit to a different diet -- one that he admittedly struggled with . "  Anytime I smell food , I get crazy , " he told "  Extra 's " Maria Menounos . "  My daughter was eating this blueberry scone , and I wanted to like -- I was going to jack her for it . I was literally going to rob my almost 4-year-old daughter for her little blueberry muffin . " Judging from the on-set photos , it looks like Wahlberg was able to stick to his guns . "  The Gambler , " which also stars John Goodman , Jessica Lange and Michael K. Williams , is due to arrive in 2015 .	Mark Wahlberg has gotten noticeably skinny for the movie "  The Gambler " The actor said in January he wanted to lose around 50 pounds for the role He plays a literature professor with a gambling problem The movie is due out in 2015
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Saad Hariri , the leader of Lebanon 's Sunni-dominated "  March 14 coalition , " claimed victory hours after the polls closed in Sunday 's crucial election . "  March 14 " coalition leader Saad Hariri claims victory after polls close Sunday . Results were not expected until midday Monday . "  What happened today proved again that Lebanon is doing well , " said Hariri in a televised victory speech . "  The Lebanese proved again that they are holding on to their freedom and the democratic system , so congratulations to Lebanon , congratulations to freedom and to every voter who participated in this election . In this election , there is no winner or loser , democracy won today and the biggest winner is Lebanon . " Hezbollah officials did not challenge Hariri 's speech . Al-Arabiya television network cited Hezbollah sources as predicting Hariri 's March 14 coalition would win 70 seats , and that the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " would win 58 seats . The election -- with 128 seats in parliament at stake -- was crucial in determining whether the Arab nation , scarred by war and political instability , picked the coalition led by Hariri or an alliance backed by the militant group Hezbollah . Watch Hariri 's victory speech " Turnout was high among the country 's 3 million registered voters during the 12 hours that polls were open Sunday . About 50,000 troops were on the streets , but the run-up to the balloting had been free of violence . Former U.S. President and Nobel Peace Prize Winner Jimmy Carter on Sunday said the United States should work with whichever coalition wins -- even though it considers Hezbollah , supported by both Syria and Iran , to be a terrorist organization . Carter was in Beirut as part of more than 200 international observers monitoring the election . Two senior Obama administration officials -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden -- have visited Lebanon in recent months , signaling concerns over a possible Hezbollah victory . Hezbollah grew in popularity after its militant wing claimed victory over Israel after a 34-day military conflict in 2006 . Since then , it has been more widely perceived by its supporters to be the "  defenders " of Lebanon . In Lebanon 's unique power-sharing government , the presidency is reserved for Maronite Christians , the speaker of parliament is always a Shia Muslim , and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim . The law was created to balance power among Lebanon 's three main religious groups . Resident Georges Azzi , who cast his ballot early Sunday morning , hoped the elections bring about a smooth and healthy transition to a new government and the continued support of the West -- whatever the results . "  I think it would be seen as a punishment to everybody if it does n't , " Azzi said . "  We should accept the results whatever they are . That 's how democracy works . " CNN 's Cal Perry and Saad Abedine contributed to this report	NEW : Hezbollah officials did not challenge Hariri 's victory speech Results not expected until midday Monday At stake were 128 seats in parliament Carter in Beirut as part of more than 200 international election observers
A 32-year-old man who died after downing dozens of roaches and worms last month to win a python at a Florida reptile store choked to death , medical officials said Monday . Edward Archbold died "  as a result of asphyxia due to choking and aspiration of gastric contents , " said the Broward County Medical Examiner 's Office . It said his airway was obstructed by bug body parts , and ruled his death was an accident . Archbold was among 20 to 30 contestants participating in the "  Midnight Madness " event at Ben Siegel Reptiles in Deerfield Beach . The participant who consumed the most insects and worms would take home an $ 850 python . Archbold swallowed roach after roach , worm after worm . While the store did n't say exactly how many Archbold consumed , the owner told CNN affiliate WPLG that he was "  the life of the party . " Soon after the contest was over , Archbold fell ill and began to vomit , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said . A friend called for medical help . Then , Archbold himself dialed 911 , the store said in a Facebook post . Eventually , he fell to the ground outside the store , the sheriff 's office said . An ambulance took him to North Broward Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . No other contestant fell ill , the sheriff 's office said .	Edward Archbold , 32 , died last month after downing dozens of roaches and worms He "  died as a result of asphyxia due to choking and aspiration of gastric contents " The Broward County Medical Examiner 's Office rules his death was an accident
CNN  -- Alex Rodriguez is the rare athlete who transcends the sport in which he is considered one of the greatest players of all time . It has n't been easy . There have been glamour moments : the baseball superstar dated Madonna , Kate Hudson and Cameron Diaz , among others . Handsome , rich and dapper , "  A-Rod " is considered a man-about-town . The tabloids loved it all and once renamed him "  Stray-Rod . " The larger-than-life behavior cost him his marriage , by which he had two children , in 2008 . On the diamond , the slugger 's performance has been exceptional , though he has been recovering from off-season hip surgery and , more recently , a tight quadricep this year . Rodriguez , MLB negotiating suspension , ESPN says His long list of accomplishments makes him a living legend still in the game , and fans flock to the field just to see the great Alexander Rodriguez at bat one more time . The New York Yankee third baseman is a three-time American League MVP , 14-time All-Star and two-time Gold Glove . He owns one World Series ring , with the Yankees in 2009 . The baseball records have been sullied , however , by his prior admission of using banned substances in the early 2000s and by newer allegations this past year of having used performance-enhancing drugs . Those scandals take on bigger meaning because of Rodriguez 's unique mark in baseball : He has the largest contract ever in American sports , at $ 275 million over 10 years , signed with the Yankees in 2007 . His detractors call it the worst deal ever because of Rodriguez 's health and playing lapses as well as his roguery , including when he flirted with two blond female fans sitting near the Yankees dugout in playoff game in October . The team was swept in the American League Championship Series . War of words between A-Rod and Yankees This season is supposed to begin the last great hurrah for Rodriguez , the early verses of a swan song . Even he acknowledged it . He just turned 38 on July 27 , and he was recovering from his second hip surgery since 2009 -- "  definitely the hardest surgery I 've had to overcome , " he told CNN . Rodriguez is poised to surpass major milestones : 3,000 hits , 2,000 RBIs and 2,000 runs . He now has 647 homers , and while he admitted he has n't been the long-ball hitter he used to be , maybe a couple of more seasons could put him at the 700 mark . He recently expressed the urgency of the moment . Performance enhancing drugs in sports "  Look , there 's no hiding it . I 'm not a spring chicken anymore . I 'm not 28 . I 'm going to be 38 here in July . But I do think I can contribute , " Rodriguez said last month . "  I think I can be a force in the middle lineup , a big right-handed bat for our team , but I 'm at a different stage of my career . Is it realistic to go out and hit 40 , 50 home runs ? I do n't think so . But can I go out and have nights like I did last night and do that several times a week ? I think so . " Rodriguez was referring to his home run in a minor league game in mid-July , where he was testing his surgically repaired hip . His return date to the Yankees lineup has been a cipher all season . The injury did n't help him in a bigger controversy about his health : Rodriguez was accused of having ties with the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida and taking performance enhancing drugs . Judge : MLB can sue Florida clinic Rodriguez has denied the accusation . The stakes are intensified because it 's not the first time he has faced issues about doping . In 2009 , he admitted to using "  a banned substance " over three years when he was playing for the Texas Rangers beginning in 2001 . Media reports said the drug was steroids , and pundits relabeled him "  A-Roid . " The admission -- along with the recent allegations -- could alter his legacy : Some sport analysts say Rodriguez may struggle , once he retires , in the Hall of Fame voting selection process . In whatever way history may judge him , there 's no denying how Rodriguez has made much of his life . His was a rags-to-riches story : He was born in New York City to Dominican Republic immigrant parents . His father was a shoe salesman and a catcher in Dominican pro baseball . His mother held two jobs , as a waitress and secretary . Opinion : The worst sports contract ever His parents moved him and their two other children to the Dominican Republic when Alex was 4 . The family then moved to the Miami area when Alex was 8 . Later , his parents divorced , but not before Alex learned some baseball from his father . His mother sent him to a Christian private school , where he became well-groomed , well-mannered and a high school athlete who excelled at just about every sport . By 18 , at 6-foot-3 and 195 pounds , he was playing for the Seattle Mariners at shortstop . Much bigger than the typical shortstop , he helped redefine the position . He won many awards and honors at Seattle , then at the Texas Rangers , and finally at the Yankees , who signed him in 2004 . As he became wealthy , he donated millions to charity , including for facilities and scholarships benefiting youngsters in the Boys & Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade in south Florida . Rodriguez never forgot that he spent a lot of time at the Miami club as a boy of divorced parents . Rodriguez talks with CNN	Alex Rodriguez , 38 , is the son of Dominican Republican immigrant parents The three-time A.L. MVP and 14-time All-Star is one of baseball 's greatest players With richest contract in sports history , A-Rod is well-known for his romantic exploits He gives money to Boys & Girls Clubs where he spent time as a boy of divorced parents
CNN  -- A spray-painted anti-Muslim message was discovered Thursday morning on the front of the Al-Farooq Islamic Center in downtown Nashville , Tennessee , according to police . A written note disparaging Islam also was left at the mosque , police said . Video from the scene showed "  Muslims go home , " in red spray paint across a window of the mosque . The mosque was established in 2003 , according to the center 's Web site . The FBI also is involved in the investigation . CNN could not immediately reach mosque members for comment .	"  Muslims go home " found sprayed on the Al-Farooq Islamic Center A written note also was left disparaging Islam , police said The FBI also is involved in the investigation
CNN  -- Air carriers are watching the situation at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant closely , making contingency plans and routing adjustments to keep operations running smoothly and protect passengers and crew from radiation risks . German airline Lufthansa and Italian carrier Alitalia have rerouted flights to and from the Tokyo area to other Japanese airports . Lufthansa 's flights to and from Frankfurt and Munich are going to Osaka and Nagoya instead of Tokyo/Narita "  in an effort to ensure that -LSB- the airline 's -RSB- operations to Japan remain as stable as possible and provide sufficient capacity for its passengers , " Lufthansa said in a statement . The altered schedule is expected to last as least through the weekend . Since Sunday , the airline has been scanning aircraft returning from Japan for radiation . "  To date , none of the tests has detected any radioactivity , " the statement said . Alitalia started rerouting all of its flights in and out of Tokyo airports to Osaka on Wednesday . Spokesman Clemente Senni said the change is designed to guarantee uninterrupted service to its passengers . Travelers will receive a refund for the trip between Tokyo and Osaka , Senni said . "  We are obviously testing planes for radiation , but nothing has been registered so far , " he said . British Airways is routing its Tokyo flights through Hong Kong for a brief stopover , and its flights bound for Tokyo 's Haneda Airport will now land in Narita instead . Tokyo is more than 150 miles from the damaged nuclear power plant in Fukushima . U.S. airlines are in close contact with the Federal Aviation Administration and other agencies and regulators in the U.S. and abroad , monitoring conditions around the nuclear facility , according to the FAA . American Airlines is operating its normal schedules in and out of Tokyo 's airports , according to spokesman Tim Smith . The majority of customers have traveled as scheduled , he said . "  At this point , we 're monitoring things very closely and have not made any immediate decisions to change , " Smith said . Delta and Continental airlines did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday afternoon . Japanese aviation authorities have imposed a no-fly zone within 30 kilometers  about 19 miles  of the Fukushima Daiichi plant . The FAA is alerting pilots to that restriction , spokeswoman Laura Brown said . On Wednesday , the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission advised U.S. residents within 50 miles of the Fukushima reactors to evacuate . The commission 's statement did not reference airspace . Representatives from the Allied Pilots Association , the union that represents American Airlines pilots , said its members , flight attendant union members and others are working closely with American Airlines management to make contingency plans should the situation at the reactors deteriorate . "  What we 're hearing at Narita is basically things are pretty normal , " said Captain Sam Mayer , the association 's communications director . The real concern , he said , will come if the situation worsens . First Officer Scott Shankland , a national union representative , said he believes the airline is in a good position to react to new developments . Mayer and Shankland said government security officials routinely scan U.S. airliners for radiation as part of normal operations . On Wednesday afternoon , U.S. Customs and Border Protection said it was monitoring the situation in Japan carefully . "  Out of an abundance of caution , CBP has issued field guidance reiterating its operational protocols and directing field personnel to specifically monitor maritime and air traffic from Japan , " the agency said in a statement . "  No aircraft entering the United States today tested positive for radiation at harmful levels , " it said .	Lufthansa and Alitalia have moved Japan departures and arrivals out of Tokyo American Airlines continues to operate its normal schedule in Tokyo FAA , other agencies and regulators are in close contact with airlines , Japanese officials U.S. Customs : No aircraft entering U.S. today found to have "  radiation at harmful levels "
CNN  -- After enjoying their city 's Christmas tree lighting , Portland , Oregon , residents felt a twinge of shock and then a rush of gratitude on Saturday when they learned that law officers foiled a plot to set off a bomb in a state the suspect says "  nobody ever thinks about . " Mohamed Osman Mohamud , a 19-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia , was seized in connection with a plan to detonate what he believed to be a vehicle bomb at the ceremony on Friday night , the Justice Department announced . Mohamud was whisked away by the FBI and Portland Police Bureau after he attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van parked near the tree-lighting ceremony in Portland 's Pioneer Courthouse Square , the Justice Department said in a written statement . But the bomb turned out to be fake , thanks to an undercover operation designed to undermine the plotter . Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said "  the materials were not explosive , " and officials said the public was never in danger from the mock device . A resident of Corvallis , Oregon , and a student at Oregon State University , Mohamud -- who now faces a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine -- was arrested on suspicion of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , the FBI said . He will make his initial appearance in federal court in Portland on Monday , the Justice Department said . "  It 's very difficult for me to comprehend how a young man who this country has given great opportunities to could waste those opportunities and be willing to commit a horrific crime , " said Portland Police Chief Michael Reese . "  It is very sad . " Portland residents who attended the tree lighting were pleased that law enforcement stopped the attack . Sharon Rose said she did n't know about the investigation until she returned home from the tree lighting . "  It does make me feel better that the FBI was on the ball in this case and doing some actual work , rather than pretending to look out for us and trying to make themselves look good , " the Portland resident told CNN Radio . "  Why would anyone mess with Portland ? It 's such a sweet little town . Obviously somebody wanted to . " But Dwight C. Holton , U.S. attorney for the district of Oregon , said in a statement that this "  defendant 's chilling determination is a stark reminder that there are people -- even here in Oregon -- who are determined to kill Americans . " Arthur Balizan , special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon , called the threat "  very real . " "  Our investigation shows that Mohamud was absolutely committed to carrying out an attack on a very grand scale , " Balizan said . "  At the same time , I want to reassure the people of this community that , at every turn , we denied him the ability to actually carry out the attack . " On his blog , Portland Mayor Sam Adams lauded a "  smart " investigation by local , state and federal agencies that led to the capture of someone "  bent on mass destruction and murder in the city . " The arrest was the culmination of a long-term undercover operation during which Mohamud had been monitored closely as the alleged plot developed , the Justice Department said . According to an arrest warrant affidavit written by an FBI special agent , Mohamud was in e-mail communication in August 2009 with a person believed to be involved in terrorist activities . In December , that person was "  located in the northwest frontier province of Pakistan , " the affidavit states . The two communicated regularly , the affidavit states , and "  using coded language , they discussed the possibility of Mohamud traveling to Pakistan to prepare for violent jihad . " Mohamud attempted to contact another associate who he thought would help facilitate his travel overseas , the affidavit states , but "  because Mohamud used the wrong e-mail address in his efforts to contact -LSB- the second associate -RSB- , he never successfully contacted him to arrange travel . " An undercover FBI employee contacted Mohamud in June under the guise of being affiliated with the associate who was in Pakistan , according to the affidavit . Mohamud met with the undercover operative on July 30 in Portland . Mohamud allegedly told the undercover operative that he had written articles that were published in Jihad Recollections , an online magazine that advocated violent jihad . "  Mohamud also indicated that he wanted to become ` operational , ' " the Justice Department said . "  Asked what he meant by ` operational , ' Mohamud stated that he wanted to put an ` explosion ' together , but needed help . " At a meeting in August , the Justice Department said , Mohamud allegedly told undercover FBI operatives he had been thinking of committing violent jihad since the age of 15 . According to the affidavit , Mohamud then told undercover operatives that he had identified a potential target for a bomb : the annual Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland 's Pioneer Courthouse Square . Authorities said an FBI operative pointed out that lots of children would be at such an event , but Mohamud said he was looking for a "  huge mass that will ... be attacked in their own element with their families celebrating the holidays . " Officials said Mohamud also stated , " ... it 's in Oregon ; and Oregon like you know , nobody ever thinks about it . " According to the affidavit , Mohamud and the undercover FBI operatives traveled to a remote area in Lincoln County , Oregon , on November 4 and detonated a bomb hidden in a backpack as a test . During the drive back to Corvallis , the agents asked Mohamud about whether he could look at the bodies of those who would be killed in the upcoming attack in Portland , the Justice Department said . Mohamud replied , "  I want whoever is attending that event to leave , to leave either dead or injured , " according to the affidavit . On Friday , Mohamud met one of the FBI operatives at a predetermined location , the affidavit states . Mohamud dialed a number "  in an unsuccessful attempt to detonate the device . " Mohamud allegedly dialed the number again before he was taken custody . Portland police Sgt. Pete Simpson , who said police officers got involved in the investigation several months ago , said the arrest went down several blocks from the tree lighting . "  There were a lot of eyes normally not here that were here last night to make sure this operation went off successfully , " Simpson told CNN affiliate KGW on Saturday . "  There was no danger to the public last night . " Muslims in the Portland area decried the alleged plot at a Saturday news conference . "  We condemn strongly any act of violence that would target innocent people , " said Imam Mikal Shabazz of the Oregon Islamic Chaplain Organization . "  We condemn the alleged actions that were thwarted last night . " Another leader thanked local police and the community for outreach to and protection of area mosques . "  Things like this really set us back , " said Shahriar Ahmed of Bilal Mosque in Beaverton . Khalid Luqman of Muslims for Peace spent Saturday handing out information to Portland passers-by . "  We need to show the world that Islam can co-exist with the rest of the world peacefully , " he said . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry and CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Islamic leaders decry attempted plot Officials say the suspect wanted those attending "  to leave either dead or injured " Mohamed Osman Mohamud , 19 , is a naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia Authorities : Mohamud discussed possibly traveling to prepare for violent jihad
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton received the most votes in two pivotal Democratic primary contests Tuesday , scoring wins in Texas and Ohio that were considered critical to keeping alive her White House hopes . Sen. Hillary Clinton is the winner in Ohio and Texas primaries , but trails in the Texas caucuses . With 99 percent of precincts reporting in Ohio , Clinton had 54 percent of the vote compared to 44 percent for Sen. Barack Obama . The race was closer in Texas where , with 99 percent of precincts in , Clinton had 51 percent to Obama 's 48 percent . A complicated formula in Texas that weighs delegates more heavily in highly populated areas and includes a caucus that was still being tallied Wednesday afternoon meant the delegate count there remained unclear . Obama was leading Clinton in the caucus vote 56 percent to 44 percent with 38 percent of the state counted , party officials said . The party will split 67 delegates between the candidates in proportion to the final caucus results . Watch an I-Report video from a Democratic caucus " A final tally was not expected until Thursday afternoon , officials said . Regardless , the two wins were crucial for Clinton , who would have found it difficult to continue the race if Obama won big Tuesday . "  For everyone across America who has been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up and for everyone who works hard and never gives up , this one is for you , " Clinton said to a cheering crowd in Columbus , Ohio . Watch Clinton thank backers " After a month of losses to Obama , Clinton had been expected to do well in Ohio -- where the blue-collar workers who have consistently supported her throughout the campaign make up a large chunk of the Democratic base . But with polls showing the Ohio contest neck-and-neck in the days leading up to the primary , Clinton got a boost from female voters and those who only recently made up their minds . According to CNN exit polling , 59 percent of the voters in the state 's Democratic primary were women . Those female voters favored Clinton over Obama , 58 percent to 40 percent . In the past week , Clinton sharpened her attacks on Obama -- questioning whether he has enough experience to lead the nation and attempting to cast doubt on his opposition to international trade agreements that many in Ohio feel have led to job losses . Poll results suggest it may have worked . Among those polled , 64 percent of those who decided their vote in the last three days chose Clinton . Clinton was believed to need strong performances in Tuesday 's contests in Ohio and Texas to halt Obama 's momentum in the race and stay alive in the hunt for the 2,025 delegates needed to win the nomination . As early returns were counted Tuesday , Obama ran a string of consecutive victories to 12 with a lopsided win in Vermont . With 99 percent of precincts reporting , he led Clinton 59 percent to 39 percent . But Clinton snapped that streak in Rhode Island . With 98 percent of precincts reporting , Clinton had taken 58 percent of the vote to Obama 's 40 percent . Speaking in San Antonio , Texas , Obama told supporters he expected to hold a similar delegate lead over Clinton after Tuesday 's races to the one he held before . "  We know this -- no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead we had this morning and we are on the way to winning this nomination , " he said to cheers and chants of his trademark phrase , "  Yes we can . " Watch an excerpt of Obama 's speech to supporters " With Texas ' delegates still to be awarded , Clinton had picked up 22 delegates after results in Ohio , Rhode Island and Vermont were tallied . Obama entered the day holding a lead of just over 100 delegates , with 1,369 pledged delegates and superdelegates to Clinton 's 1,267 , according to CNN estimates . In Ohio , harsh weather and balloting problems stretched the polling well into the evening . With polls slated to close at 7:30 p.m. , state elections officials decided to extend voting until 9 p.m. in northern Ohio 's Sandusky County . The area was hit by freezing rain for much of the day , and ballot shortages were reported in the Cleveland and Columbus areas -- also causing the polls to be open until 9 p.m. Texas , with its 193 Democratic delegates , and Ohio , with 141 , were the biggest prizes in Tuesday 's contests . There were 15 Democratic delegates at stake in Vermont and 21 in Rhode Island . ` Texas two-step ' Texas ' results may not be as easy to measure as counting votes . In what pundits have been calling the "  Texas two-step , " the state 's Democratic Party held a primary election , in which 126 delegates were awarded , and a post-election caucus in which another 67 are at stake . It 's possible for the loser of the primary to win more delegates with a strong showing in the caucuses . Texas ' method of awarding delegates in the primary -- with more delegates coming from large population centers like Houston , Dallas and Austin -- further complicates the matter . As polling places closed Tuesday , Texans reportedly lined up in bigger-than-expected numbers for the caucuses -- in some places lining up in parking lots and overflowing buildings where caucuses were held . Party officials Wednesday said 1.1 million voters participated in the caucuses . A CNN I-Reporter in Houston said there were hundreds of people at his polling place -- he said he waited more than an hour just to sign in . At an Austin caucus , about 800 people showed up -- far outstripping expectations and causing organizers to stand on tables and yell to organize caucus-goers , one voter said . Clinton supporters had said a strong performance would keep her campaign alive . Weeks ago , former President Clinton predicted his wife would need wins in Texas and Ohio to stay in the race . "  If Hillary Clinton gets out a small win in Ohio and Texas , it will be like Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow , " said political adviser and Clinton supporter Paul Begala , referring to the six more weeks of winter the groundhog is said to predict . The Obama campaign , however , said the arithmetic of the delegate count will make it difficult for Clinton to overcome Obama 's lead . "  They 've had a really bad run and they have to rationalize continuing , " said Obama spokesman David Axelrod . "  We 've won more popular votes and more delegates , and they have to give some rationale for staying in this race . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Obama leads Clinton 56 percent to 44 percent in tally of Texas caucuses Clinton wins Ohio , Texas , Rhode Island primaries Obama wins Vermont , leads race in total delegate count
CNN  -- It is such a cruel disease , one that can sneak up on a person and catch him unawares . The last time I saw Bobby Vee , he seemed just fine . The name will be familiar to many of you , but today 's column is intended just as much for those readers who are too young to remember him . He was one of the young rock-and-roll idols of the early 1960s . His hits included "  Take Good Care of My Baby , " "  The Night Has a Thousand Eyes , " "  Run to Him " and "  Rubber Ball . " He continued to tour as the years went by . We were on an Italian ocean liner in the first weeks of 2009 . The ship had been booked by a company presenting a different early-years-of-rock act in concert each evening in the big theater onboard . Bobby was one of the performers ; I was there with the Jan and Dean band . One midnight after the show , somewhere off the coast of the Dominican Republic , I was walking around an upper deck and saw that Bobby was taking a walk , too . We met up and talked about some of his first recordings . His recall was precise and acute ; he gave me details of what the sessions had been like . He is a gentleman , and a gentle man . Walking and talking with him was a wonderful way to end the day at sea . So I was startled to hear recently that he is battling Alzheimer 's disease , the irreversible , progressive brain disorder that destroys memory and thinking skills . It is estimated that more than 5 million Americans suffer from it , a number that is only expected to increase unless advances in treatment and prevention are achieved . The federal government recently announced new initiatives that , it is hoped , will add urgency to the efforts . The millions of families dealing with Alzheimer 's are aware of its devastation . But when people with familiar names -- Ronald Reagan , Glen Campbell -- are blindsided by it , the world tends to stop , and think , and try to learn . What we can learn from Bobby Vee is how to face adversity with genuine grace and perspective . He is 69 ; in a letter to his friends and fans , he said that it was a little over a year ago that he was diagnosed with the initial stages of Alzheimer 's . Getting the news , he said , "  was a moment that stunned my family and myself to the core . Since this time I have chosen to remain private and to focus on what is most important to me : my family and my music . It has been a time to reflect and to just be . To create memories for my grandchildren and to celebrate life 's goodness . To throw baseballs and catch fish . To be the audience . ... "  Shortly after this all came down , I hopped into an RV with my family and we embarked on a little odyssey from Minnesota to Tucson , AZ. . Together we explored the depths of our reality . ... the depths of my reality . With very few words , no solutions and a lot of heart , we did what we do . We shared time . We shared laughter , tears , stories , meals and music . We shared thousands of miles of hi-way as familiar to us as the pillows on our beds . As if nothing had changed , as if everything had changed . ... "  So without a song or a script I am stepping onto a stage that we all share : the mystery of life . While in Tucson we set up some amps and drums in the garage ... We just did what we have always done , only this time there was no stage . There were no spotlights and no audience . We made music every day for a week ... just for us . For the joy of making music . For the joy of being together . For all of the reasons I ever picked up a guitar or sang a tune in a Fargo , N.D. garage back in ' 59 . I have truly come full circle ! We played songs I grew up with , songs the kids grew up with , songs we wrote , songs that had meaning and memories for us all . No agenda , no set list , no tickets to sell ... This was all we have ever done , and all we could do . So we did it . " When you are young you never think that Alzheimer 's will enter your own life . But unless something is done to defeat the disease , years from now people who are today young and strong will be fighting it , and -- when the disease strikes their favorite actors , athletes and singers who are in 2012 so full of youth and energy , and who will inevitably grow old -- they , too , will be reminded of the passing years , and of life 's memories lost and found . Bobby Vee was at one time the kid wonder of kid wonders . He was only 15 when , the night after Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens and the Big Bopper died in that 1959 Iowa charter-plane crash , he was recruited to somehow help make the show go on at the tour 's next stop in Moorhead , Minnesota . He and his friends from nearby Fargo filled in that night , and his career began . He and his band were much admired in that Minnesota/North Dakota area . A young piano player , wanting to make music with Bobby Vee , showed up and asked to play in some shows . He said his name was Elston Gunn , which it was n't . Later he would choose another name : Bob Dylan . In Dylan 's autobiography , he writes with great regard , warmth and true professional respect for Vee , starting with the days when they were both little more than kids  "  Bobby Vee and me had a lot in common , even though our paths would take such different directions ... Bobby had a metallic , edgy tone to his voice and it was as musical as a silver bell . "  . These are especially tense hours for the Vee family . He wrote in that letter about his Alzheimer 's diagnosis : "  My beautiful wife of 48 years , Karen , is also dealing with serious health issues as we await a lung transplant for her at Duke University . " Last week , Bobby 's son Jeff told me that the operation had been performed the night before , and that the family is praying for the best outcome . As Bobby neared the end of the letter to his friends and fans , he wrote : "  We thank you from the bottom of our hearts for every musical moment we 've shared . It has truly been a magical odyssey . We have been blessed ... and the road goes on . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says 60 's pop star Bobby Vee is suffering from Alzheimer 's He says since diagnosis , Vee has tried to spend good time with friends , family In letter to friends , fans , he writes movingly about his new priorities as his memory fails Greene : Any of us could get Alzheimer 's . Vee 's grace in handling his is inspirational
A French prosecutor dropped an investigation Tuesday into former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's connection to a possible gang rape in Washington . The young Belgian woman whose testimony was the basis for the inquiry has withdrawn her previous statement and said she will not press charges , a statement from the Lille prosecutor 's office said . Strauss-Kahn : A reputation battered by sex allegations This meant the inquiry had no grounds to continue , the statement said . Strauss-Kahn remains under investigation over allegations that he participated in a prostitution ring , in what is known in France as the "  Carlton affair . " He has denied wrongdoing and has not been convicted of a crime . Police investigating the alleged prostitution ring referred the Washington incident , which they believed could qualify as gang rape , to the Lille prosecutor earlier this year after hearing the testimony of the Belgian woman . But the prosecutor 's office said Tuesday that the Belgian woman 's lawyer had stated in August that his client did not want to give any judicial statement on this matter . Can France handle truth on sex lives of rich and powerful ? The woman also wrote a letter to the prosecutor in which she said she had been consenting , and that she would not press charges . She had not filed a complaint when she was questioned by French and Belgian investigators late last year . "  Given all these elements , the offense of rape could not be made , and the Lille prosecution decided to proceed no further with the case , on the ground of ` no offense ' , " the statement from the prosecutor 's office said . The former IMF chief hit the headlines in the United States last year over a separate case involving attempted rape allegations in New York . The judge dismissed all the charges against him after the witness 's credibility was thrown into doubt .	Strauss-Kahn remains under investigation in connection with an alleged prostitution ring The Washington inquiry stemmed from testimony given in that probe The woman whose evidence prompted the Washington probe did not want to press charges Strauss-Kahn has denied wrongdoing and has not been convicted of a crime
A conservative blogger is in jail -- arrested for allegedly breaking into a Mississippi nursing home to photograph U.S. Sen. Thad Cochran 's ailing wife , who is suffering from dementia . "  It 's the worst , " says the narrator of a new Cochran campaign ad airing in the final stretch before the June 3 primary , not so subtly pointing the finger at his GOP Senate challenger , Chris McDaniel , trying to stir up voter disgust . This race , one of the nastiest so far this election year , has gotten even deeper in the Mississippi mud than that . Cochran supporters argue the reason the blogger and tea party activist took Mrs. Cochran 's picture was to feed questions about the senator and his longtime aide , Kay Webber . Cochran : Quiet pragmatist faces re-election challenge Conservative outlets that back McDaniel have been all over the fact Cochran rents a basement apartment in Webber 's D.C. home , and that Webber has traveled extensively with Cochran on the taxpayer 's dime . McDaniel 's campaign often forwards these reports to its media email list , while the Cochran campaign calls her trips with the senator part of her job and suggestions of anything untoward are sexist . New ads in nasty Mississippi primary This Republican primary was supposed to be about the big struggle of ideas within the GOP : a 36-year Senate veteran being challenged by a young tea party-backed opponent who calls the senator a big-spending , out-of-touch Republican too entrenched in Washington . Now McDaniel is fending off questions about whether his campaign was involved in trying to photograph Cochran 's sick wife . "  Our campaign had absolutely no connection to that whatsoever , and the evidence has shown that . What we 're doing right now -- we 're talking about the issues , " McDaniel told CNN in an interview . The next Ted Cruz ? But what gave ammunition to Cochran allies is that McDaniel 's story about when he found out about the break-in has been inconsistent . When we asked for clarification , McDaniel would n't go there , replying , "  Look , we 're going to focus on his record . " Three more arrested in Mississippi Senate primary scandal If McDaniel has his way , he would be the next Ted Cruz , going to the Senate to shake things up -- stick to conservative principles , compromise be damned . "  We do n't have six more years of the status quo , " he said . "  I am not going to Washington D.C. to be a member of the cocktail circuit or to make backroom deals . I 'm going up there to fight and defend the Constitution . We do n't have time to waste . So with all due respect I would suggest they join me in this fight because they 've been silent far too long , " he told us . "  He and I are very different with our ideology . He 's a guy that believes in big government . He believes in big spending . He believes in increasing taxes . He believes in increasing his own pay . I am not that guy , " McDaniel said . For the tea party movement nationwide -- after a string of primary losses this election year from Kentucky to Idaho -- McDaniel has been its great hope of 2014 , the candidate with the best chance of toppling an establishment Republican . Things were looking good for McDaniel earlier this year , especially after Cochran stumbled by telling a local reporter here that "  the tea party is something I do n't really know a lot about . " Millions of dollars pouring into Mississippi against Cochran come from a who 's who of national tea party groups nationwide : Citizens United , Club For Growth , Senate Conservatives Fund , Tea Party Patriots and Freedomworks . The Sunlight Foundation , a nonprofit group that tracks money in politics , says outside groups have spent $ 7.6 million on the race , much of it for McDaniel and against Cochran . 2014 midterms : Key races Fighting back against tea party challenges But like other Republican incumbents this year , Cochran and his allies are fighting back hard . Henry Barbour , nephew of former Mississippi governor and RNC chairman Haley Barbour , formed a super PAC called Mississippi Conservatives to help Cochran . They have been airing aggressive ads slamming McDaniel as extreme , inconsistent and out of touch with Mississippi 's needs . Other traditional GOP groups like the Chamber of Commerce have also come in with ads supporting Cochran , like they have for GOP incumbents in other states this year . Still , Cochran 's four decades in Washington have won him loyal supporters . On Memorial Day , Cochran attended an event in Vicksburg . He was invited by the Democratic mayor , George Flaggs , who called him a "  mentor " and "  great friend . " Flaggs told CNN he intends to vote for Cochran in the GOP primary since Mississippi law allows Democrats and others not registered as Republicans to participate . He said Cochran fights hard for Mississippi 's needs and calls his seniority -- ranking Republican on the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee , a big plus for the state . "  He 's a leader ; he 's a statesman , and he 's what we need in Washington . So stay as long as he wants to stay , " Flagg said . Republican Briggs Hopson serves with McDaniel in the Mississippi state Senate , and told CNN he likes McDaniel but that Cochran is the "  best person for Mississippi right now . " "  Seniority can be a plus . People can lose touch and get lazy and all those things but I do n't think that 's the case with Senator Cochran . He 's been responsive to the needs in Mississippi for many years , " Hopson told CNN . ` Those days are over ' When we put those bipartisan sentiments to McDaniel he responded with an emphatic , "  come on ! " "  I say name one fight Senator Cochran 's lead against Barack Obama . Name one time he 's raised his voice in defense of conservatism . Name one time he 's fought back the liberal agenda . Name one piece of legislation he 's authored in 42 years that benefited the conservative cause . Name one thing that he 's been outwardly aggressive about . And they ca n't name one , " McDaniel told CNN . "  Look , there may have been a time for that in 1973 when he first went to Washington . Maybe when Richard Nixon was president that was the thing people did . Those days are over . " We wanted to ask Cochran himself why he thinks he should get another six years , after serving 36 in the U.S. Senate and six before that in the House . But Cochran is trying to run out the clock and avoid unforced errors -- and going to head-scratching extremes to avoid talking to reporters like us . We tried to catch Cochran after his event in Vicksburg , but when an aide came out and saw us waiting , they did a bait and switch -- the car they told us Cochran was getting into screeched away without him , while he snuck out another door and left in another car , leaving reporters in the dust . Special coverage : 2014 midterms	Race for Senate seat , already one of ugliest , has gotten nastier Conservatives make much of Cochran 's relationship with aide Questions about challenger 's relationship with picture-snapping blogger
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A brawl between motorcycle club members at a western Nevada casino devolved into a gunfight that left one person dead and two wounded , police said Saturday . Around 11:25 p.m. Friday , a fight broke out among members of the Hell 's Angels and Vagos clubs in front of the Trader Dick 's bar inside John Ascuaga 's Nugget , a family-owned casino in Sparks , that city 's deputy police chief Brian Allen told reporters . Police in Sparks , which is just east of Reno , responded with assistance from overhead helicopters after hearing several people involved in the brawl had guns and that shots were fired . Authorities earlier reported that as many as 30 people total took part in the altercation . They came upon what Sparks police Lt. Pete Krall described earlier Saturday as a "  very chaotic scene . " That included "  multiple gunshot victims " who were transported to area hospitals , according to Allen . One Hell 's Angels member died from his wounds , while two associated with Vagos suffered what the deputy chief described as "  non-life-threatening " injuries . No bystanders or casino employees were wounded in the incident , he added . The incident , as well a "  subsequent drive-by shooting " elsewhere in the city , prompted the declaration of a "  state of emergency " in Sparks , the city announced late Saturday afternoon on its website . "  Whenever you have people who enter our city with bad intentions , bad things are going to happen , " Sparks Mayor Geno Martini said during a press conference Saturday . "  That 's what happened here last night . " Sparks police have arrested "  one Hell 's Angels member for his involvement in the fight and subsequent shooting , " Allen said . "  Other law enforcement agencies made additional arrests on the outskirts of the incident , and we are coordinating to determine their ... involvement in the case . " Renown Medical Center , located in Reno , announced on its website at 1:45 p.m. Saturday that it had "  applied extra security measures and locked all exterior access to the hospital , except for  one  emergency room entrance " because of the shooting . By 3 p.m. , the hospital said it would be "  easing precautionary security measures for various entrances/exits , " though there would be "  limited access " for certain areas . The incident erupted in the midst of the Street Vibrations Fall Rally , an event that began Wednesday and is set to continue into Sunday in Reno . Allen said that since the 18th annual event recently expanded into Sparks , there have been no incidents such as the one Friday night . He did state that , after the shooting , Reno , Sparks and Washoe County authorities are "  increasing personnel at the event . " The event 's activities in Sparks were canceled through the weekend because of the shooting , the city announced Saturday afternoon . Still , hours earlier , its mayor said the incident -- while worrisome -- should n't cast a negative light on all motorcycle club members . "  I hope the people out there wo n't judge the motorcycle community by the incident that happened last night , " said Martini . "  I do n't think it 's a true picture . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Maggie Schneider and Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Gunfire breaks out in a fight between Hell 's Angels and Vagos motorcycle club members 1 person arrested in Sparks , Nevada , while others in custody may be involved , police say A Reno hospital institutes "  extra security " and restricts access after the incident 1 Hell 's Angels member has died , 2 Vagos members have "  non-life-threatening " injuries
CNN  -- The deadly clashes that are a fact of daily life in Syria have now bled into Lebanon , where a series of sectarian shootouts this week are raising fears that a period of relative calm for the country may be nearing an end . Syria has dominated Lebanon 's political scene for much of its post-independence history -- and while many Lebanese support the embattled regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , many others do not . It 's too early to tell whether this week 's clashes are blips on the radar or the new norm -- but many observers believe the longer Syria 's conflict goes on , the more destabilizing it will be for Lebanon . What 's the latest in Lebanon ? A series of clashes in the past week between political and religious groups who either support or oppose the Syrian regime has shaken Lebanon and prompted fears that renewed factional rivalries could erupt into outright warfare . The kidnapping Tuesday of a group of Shiite Muslim pilgrims in Syria prompted angry protests in the Lebanese capital of Beirut one day after gun battles between rival political parties -- one supporting Syria 's al-Assad and one opposing him -- left two dead and 18 wounded . It was the worst outbreak of violence in a city where it was once commonplace since the powerful Hezbollah militia engaged government troops in street battles in 2008 . The bloodshed followed the Lebanese military 's killing of two Sunni Muslim clerics -- both of whom were opposed to the Syrian regime -- at a checkpoint in northern Lebanon hours earlier . The military later apologized for the shootings , saying the car carrying the clerics failed to heed the army 's warning to stop . And last week the arrest of an activist in Tripoli -- a northern Lebanese city known for its opposition to al-Assad -- for providing food and shelter to Syrian refugees sparked clashes between Alawite and Sunni Muslim sects that killed up to seven people and left dozens wounded . What is the history between Syria and Lebanon ? Aside from its southern border with Israel , Lebanon is entirely surrounded by Syria , and was considered part of "  greater Syria " until the end of World War I . It became an independent country in 1943 but has been strongly influenced by Syria both politically and militarily for much of the time since . Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north -- ostensibly at first as peace-keeprs to help stop Lebanon 's long civil war -- but maintained a significant presence long after the fighting stopped in 1990 . This all changed in 2005 after former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed by a car bomb in Beirut . Anti-Assad elements in Lebanon accused the Syrian regime of being behind the attack , and popular protests -- along with international pressure -- forced the Syrian military to withdraw from the country . Since then , Lebanon 's two most prominent political blocs have been sharply divided in their attitude toward Syria -- the ruling pro-Syria alliance led by Prime Minister Najib Mikati and a group of anti-Syrian factions led by Saad Hariri , son of the assassinated former prime minister . How else has the Syrian conflict affected Lebanon ? Thousands of refugees have poured into Lebanon since the conflict in Syria began in March 2011 , mostly in the north . And there is evidence rebel groups are receiving small arms smuggled across both the Lebanese and Turkish borders . In April the Lebanese army announced it had intercepted a cargo ship bound for Tripoli -- the northern epicenter of support for Syrian rebels in Lebanon -- that was filled with weapons it believes were meant to be delivered to rebel forces in Syria . Does the Lebanese government support the Syrian uprising ? Prime Minister Mikati 's alliance is a firm , if quiet , supporter of the Assad regime , but the government is more interested in keeping Lebanon from getting dragged into the conflict , says Middle East expert Chris Phillips of Queen Mary , University of London . "  They 're aware they 're a weak government , and they 're not keen on Lebanon becoming a staging point for the rebels to launch attacks on Syria , " Phillips told CNN . "  But there has n't been a major drive to push the Free Syrian Army out of the country because the government knows a large segment of the Lebanese population supports the rebels . " What part do religious tensions play in Lebanon ? Lebanon has always struggled to maintain a balance among its religious and ethnic sects , and the current tensions mirror those in Syria -- in both countries , the Shiite and Alawite Muslim sects  Assad is an Alawite  tend to support the Syrian regime , while support is growing among Sunni Muslims for Syrian rebels . The country also has a large Christian population , and both Sunni and Shiite groups have lobbied for Christian support during past conflicts . Sunnis are in the majority in northern Lebanon , where they have clashed with a small but strong enclave of pro-Assad Alawites in recent weeks . The core of the Syrian president 's support in Lebanon is in the southern part of the country . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom says the big worry is that Syria 's troubles will reopen the wounds of Lebanon 's long civil war , with the Sunni community pitted against Hezbollah , the powerful pro-Assad Shiite militia . What is Hezbollah and why has n't it gotten involved yet ? Hezbollah is a powerful Shiite militant group in Lebanon and a staunch ally of the Assad regime in Syria . The group , financed and armed by Iran and Syria , is classified by the United States and Israel , among others , a terrorist organization , and is believed to be responsible for a number of attacks on Western targets including the suicide bombings that killed 241 Americans at the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut in 1983 . Hezbollah has evolved into a social and political movement in recent years , but it remains the most formidable armed militia in Lebanon . Read more : The inner workings of Hezbollah While the militia 's leader Hassan Nasrallah praised the uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , Hezbollah needs the Assad regime to ensure that the group 's supply line to Iran , its main benefactor , remains open . While Hezbollah is more than capable of taking the fight to Syrian rebels based in Lebanon , Phillips says the militia does n't believe the Assad regime is in trouble -- yet . "  Hezbollah cares very much about public opinion , and if they went in guns blazing that would divide the Lebanese population -- and they 've already lost some support because of their backing of Assad , " Phillips told CNN . Is Syria deliberately stirring up violence in Lebanon ? Many in Lebanon believe the recent violence was intentionally stirred up by Syria to distract from the country 's own unrest and to prove Assad 's claim that a destabilized Syria will lead to chaos in neighboring countries , but there 's no real proof of Syrian involvement , according to Phillips . "  Is this merely an internal conflict within Lebanon , or is it Syria 's way of putting pressure on the international community ? It 's unclear at the moment which of these is the reason for the current violence , " says Phillips . Depending on the vantage point , Bashar al-Assad 's recent assertion that those who "  sow chaos in Syria " may be infected by it themselves sounds either like an astute observation or a direct threat to the regime 's enemies in Lebanon . How bad will things get in Lebanon ? The recent bloodshed in Lebanon has threatened the country 's fragile political and religious balance , but observers believe a full-scale breakdown is unlikely for several reasons . First , the Assad regime remains in firm control of the vast majority of Syria , and northern Lebanon 's support for the rebels has n't reached the point where it would warrant a Syrian or Hezbollah response . Phillips says another promising factor is that all sides in Lebanon -- most importantly Hezbollah -- appear to be advocating peace following the deadly clashes in Tripoli and Beirut . "  Hezbollah has a huge military capability and if there was ever a civil war , it 's well known that the group would be the most well-equipped to triumph , " Phillips said . "  But they 're very conscious of being seen as a destabilizing force in Lebanon . " Phillips believes the war exhaustion factor is also very high in Lebanon . Beirut is still recovering from Israel 's shelling of the city in 2006 during a 34-day conflict sparked by Hezbollah 's kidnapping of Israeli troops near the Lebanese border , and many other wounds from the 1975-1990 civil war have yet to heal . "  There 's been an assumption for several years that the Lebanese people are fed up and exhausted with civil war , " said Phillips . "  The civil war there ended not because of any resolution , but simply because people lost the will to keep fighting . " While all parties appear determined to avoid a return to the dark days of the past , Lebanon 's future could rely as much on the outcome of the Syrian conflict as on political goodwill within its own borders . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Rima Maktabi and CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Syria 's conflict has spilled into Lebanon , where clashes killed 9 in Tripoli and Beirut Lebanon strongly influenced by Syria both politically and militarily since independence in 1943 There is evidence Syrian rebels are receiving arms smuggled across the Lebanese border Many believe Syria 's regime is stirring up violence in Lebanon to distract from their own conflict
CNN  -- Officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on Santiago Canyon Road on Sunday , near the time the Santiago fire started , Orange County authorities said Friday . Chief Chip Prather holds a photo of a white truck similar to the one seen on Santiago Canyon Road . "  These people are not suspects at this time , " Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather said . "  They are persons of interest who were seen near the fire in a vehicle like this . " The vehicle is a white , 1998 to 2004 Ford F150 pickup with chrome tubular running boards . Prather said the information came from a lead called into the investigation 's tip line . A $ 250,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the blaze . Watch how residents feel about arsonist " The Santiago fire , now 27,000 acres and still burning , was deliberately set , officials said Thursday . Several mandatory evacuations remain in place for the Santiago fire , which has destroyed 14 homes and various other structures . Late Friday afternoon , the blaze moved into Silverado Canyon , authorities said . Sheriff 's deputies were evacuating residents in the fire 's path . Watch the Santiago flames rage " Authorities also suspect arson in the Rosa fire in San Diego County , which burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained . There was no information on the investigation . Elsewhere , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office filed arson charges Friday against a 41-year-old Sun Valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the West Hills neighborhood and walked away . Catalino Pineda is one of five people who have been arrested in arson investigations this week , but none of them has been linked to the major wildfires raging across Southern California . Pineda was arrested Wednesday after witnesses said they saw him lighting a fire on a hillside , police said . The fire was quickly extinguished . The witnesses followed Pineda to a nearby restaurant and called police , who arrested him . Pineda was expected to be arraigned in Van Nuys Superior Court Friday , Deputy District Attorney Steven Frankland said . He is charged with one count of arson of a structure or forest . Pineda is being held on $ 75,000 bail and faces up to six years in prison if convicted . In San Bernardino , east of Los Angeles , John Rund , of Hesperia , was arrested Wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire Tuesday , the sheriff 's department said . That fire was quickly put out by passers-by . Investigators are trying to determine if Rund , 48 , may have ties to other wildfires . He is being held on $ 750,000 bail . The San Bernardino County District Attorney 's Office on Thursday filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti , 47 , of Redlands . A statement from the office did not say when or where Riperti is accused of setting a fire . He is being held on $ 250,000 bail . In San Diego County , the sheriff 's department this week arrested an adult and a juvenile allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in Vista in the northern part of the county . In a written statement , the sheriff 's department identified the adult as Gorgonio Nava . The Vista fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control , the statement said . Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre Slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver said . More than 1,600 homes have been destroyed in the past week by Southern California wildfires . E-mail to a friend	NEW : White truck seen on Santiago Canyon Road near time fire started Charges filed against man who allegedly set small fire and walked off Catalino Pineda one of five arrested in arson investigations this week Arson investigations continue across multiple California counties
CNN  -- The European Union has launched a fact-finding mission to determine the causes of the August war between Georgia and Russia , an EU spokeswoman said Tuesday . Heidi Tagliavini , a Swiss dipomat , will head the investigation into what started the Georgian conflict . The eight-month inquiry will examine the facts of the conflict in regard to international law , humanitarian issues and human rights , said the spokeswoman , who did not give her name because she was not allowed to speak publicly . Investigators will also assess the basis for all accusations made regarding the conflict , the spokeswoman said . Heidi Tagliavini , a Swiss diplomat and former United Nations special representative for Georgia , will head the mission , the spokeswoman said . The mission began its work Monday and was due to finish July 31 , 2009 , ending with a report to the EU , the U.N. and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , the spokeswoman said . Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia , a Russian-backed separatist territory , on August 7 . The following day , Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory , Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions . The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have made accusations of ethnic cleansing . Moscow has since recognized South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent regions .	European Union launches mission to determine causes of Georgian conflict Heidi Tagliavini , former U.N. special representative for Georgia , heads probe Georgia and Russia blame each other for starting the conflict
CNN  -- Barcelona ripped apart Spanish title rivals Real Madrid to take top spot in La Liga with an emphatic 5-0 home victory in the first "  Clasico " of the season on Monday night . Real coach Jose Mourinho suffered an embarrassing first defeat since taking over in May as defending champions Barca moved two points clear after 13 games following the Catalan side 's fifth successive win over the capital outfit . The visitors were rocked from the outset as Xavi and Pedro put Pep Guardiola 's team 2-0 up inside 20 minutes , then David Villa scored twice in four second-half minutes to effectively end the game before Jeffren 's late goal just rubbed salt in Real 's wounds . That led to Madrid defender Sergio Ramos being sent off after clattering into Lionel Messi and then shoving Barca captain Carles Puyol to the floor as passions boiled despite the cold , pouring rain . Was this the greatest Clasico of all time ? "  One team played to their potential and one did n't , " Mourinho told AFP after a miserable return to one of his former clubs . "  It was a defeat that we fully deserved but I do n't think you can say it reflected the difference between the two sides . "  The championship is n't over today . We are two points behind the leaders but there are lots of games left to play . We have to show character , train hard and get back to winning . I wish we were playing tomorrow . " The most highly-anticipated match of the European season , it was a tempestuous affair that saw nine players booked before then , while Cristiano Ronaldo pushed Guardiola away on the touchline and Ricardo Carvalho escaped an apparent elbow in the face of Messi . Messi could not add to his hat-trick in the 8-0 thrashing of Almeria two weekends ago , but was a constant threat to a flimsy Real defense and he set up both of Villa 's goals . Ronaldo is La Liga 's top scorer with 15 after a treble last time out , but he was totally overshadowed by FIFA 's world player of the year and was reduced to speculative long-range free-kick attempts . Barcelona 's key midfielders Xavi and Andre Iniesta dominated possession , forcing Mourinho to take off one of his star signings , Germany 's World Cup playmaker Mesut Ozil , at the halftime break . Can La Liga steal Premier League 's Asian thunder ? Messi hit the post as early as the sixth minute with a delightful flick , and Xavi opened the scoring four minutes later as he cleverly controlled a slide pass from Iniesta with his heel and guided a volley over goalkeeper Iker Casillas . The Real captain was caught out in the 18th minute as he let Villa 's low cross slip through his hands to give Pedro an easy chance to make it 2-0 from close range . The match threatened to boil over after half an hour when Ronaldo pushed Guardiola when the coach refused to give him the ball when it went out , resulting in Barca keeper Victor Valdes charging out of his area as players from both teams clashed . Ronaldo and Valdes were both yellow-carded for their part in the melee , then Villa and Real defender Pepe followed them into the referee 's book by the 36th minute . El Clasico the key to the title says Ronaldo Messi was also cautioned just before halftime after he went to ground following an incident with Carvalho -- television replays showed that the Portugal defender was lucky not to be sent off after raising his arm into the Argentine 's face . Mourinho brought defensive midfielder Lassan Diarra on at halftime , but just 10 minutes later Villa made it 3-0 as he beat the offside trap to collect Messi 's clever throughball . The Spain striker doubled his tally in the 58th minute with a calm finish with the outside of his right foot after a superb diagonal pass from Messi left the Real defense in tatters . Mourinho responded by replacing leftback Marcelo with fellow defender Alvaro Arbeloa , before Carvalho was booked for handling when Pedro seemed set to run free on Casillas ' goal . Ramos was yellow-carded in the 73rd minute , and received his marching orders soon after Jeffren beat him to a teasing low cross by fellow replacement Bojan Krkic to make it 5-0 in time added on .	Barcelona claim first place in La Liga with 5-0 demolition of previous leaders Defending champions move two points clear as striker David Villa scores twice Jose Mourinho suffers his first defeat since taking charge of Real Madrid Visitors have Sergio Ramos sent off at the end as tempers boil over at Nou Camp
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Hundreds of French workers , angry about proposed layoffs at a Caterpillar factory , were holding executives of the company hostage Tuesday , a spokesman for the workers said . Caterpillar 's French staff say they are angry about a lack of negotiations over layoffs . It is at least the third time this month that French workers threatened with cutbacks have blockaded managers in their offices to demand negotiations . Executives were released unharmed in both previous situations . The latest incident started Tuesday morning at the office of the construction equipment company in the southeastern city of Grenoble . The workers were angry that Caterpillar had proposed cutting more than 700 jobs and would not negotiate , said Nicolas Benoit , a spokesman for the workers ' union . They did not want to harm the Caterpillar executives , Benoit told CNN . One hostage was released Tuesday evening leaving workers with four captives inside the Caterpillar building . The released man was a human resources director identified only as Mr. Petit , because he has heart problems , union representative Bernard Patrick told CNN . Petit had a heart attack a few weeks ago , Patrick said . The four others still being held are Nicolas Polutnik , the head of operations ; two other executives ; and Petit 's personal assistant , he said . About 500 employees were also outside the building protesting . A top Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking unhelpful . "  The actions that are taking place today , led by a small minority of individuals , are not helping as we work for a positive resolution of this situation , " said Chris Schena , Caterpillar vice president with responsibility for manufacturing operations in Europe , Africa and the Middle East , in a statement . "  The best way to resolve this matter is to continue the negotiations through the Works Council to find a solution that 's fair to our employees and allows Caterpillar to remain a leader in a rapidly changing global marketplace , " Schena said , adding that the company was "  concerned for the safety of our employees . " Benoit said all the workers wanted to do was negotiate with Caterpillar and they were upset that the company did not show up to two earlier scheduled negotiating sessions . The employees being held in their office were being allowed to get food , Benoit added . Police arrived at the scene two hours after the incident began but it had not been settled . Employees at a French 3M factory held a manager hostage for more than 24 hours Wednesday and Thursday of last week over a dispute about terms for laid-off staff . Luc Rousselet , who was unharmed , was allowed to leave the plant in Pithiviers , central France , early on Thursday morning after talks between unions and officials from 3M France . Earlier this month , the boss of Sony France was held overnight before workers freed him after he agreed to reopen talks on compensation when the factory closed . France has been hit by nationwide strikes twice in the past two months .	NEW : Workers release one of five people being held hostage at Caterpillar factory Workers angry that Caterpillar propose cutting more than 700 jobs They did not want to harm the executives but get them to negotiate , official says A senior Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking "  unhelpful "
CNN  -- April 19 was perhaps the most harrowing day in the history of Watertown , Massachusetts -- the suburb where the manhunt for Boston Marathon bombing suspects Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev came to separate , bloodied conclusions . The numerous law enforcement agencies involved in the pursuit of the Tsarnaevs tracked the brothers to a residential Watertown neighborhood in the early-morning hours . The ensuing shootout ended with older brother , Tamerlan , dead , transit officer Richard Donohue seriously wounded and another 15 police officers injured . A wounded Dzhokhar Tsarnaev surrendered later that evening from a boat parked in a Watertown yard . Countless news cameras and smartphones captured images of the fear , valor and elation experienced in Watertown on that Friday ; and now officials are looking for the best of those images for a 2014 calendar . "  While we will never be able to put into words our gratitude for what our police did , we can try to let the photos from that night in April speak for themselves , " Watertown Police Foundation board member Steve Messina said in a statement . "  This calendar is meant to capture the best of those ` snapshots ' all in one place while also continuing to raise funds for the work that our police do . " The foundation 's website invites Watertown residents to submit photos of the "  dramatic confrontation with the Marathon bombing suspects , pursuit and arrest . " Leaked photos of the younger Tsarnaev 's capture landed a Massachusetts State Police photographer in hot water back in July . Sgt. Sean Murphy provided Boston magazine with the unauthorized photos after Rolling Stone magazine put Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on its cover . Murphy called the cover "  an insult " because , in his view , it did n't portray Dzhokhar Tsarnaev the right way . He was briefly suspended and has since been reassigned . His actions are being investigated . The foundation website also suggests photos of "  the cheering afterwards , the tributes , parades , prayers , hugs and celebrations since . Interesting photos , compelling photos , preferably positive photos of the pride we all have in our Watertown Police and our town . " Proceeds from the $ 13 calendar will go toward "  worthwhile projects that support the work of the Watertown Police , " according to a press release . The deadline for photo submissions is September 30 . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200 . He is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 attack , when a pair of bombs went off near the finish line of the packed course . A Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer was killed three days later at the start of the dramatic chase that led to Tsarnaev 's capture .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in Watertown ; brother died in shootout Police foundation wants photos from that April night Calendar planned for 2014
CNN  -- Segway scooter inventor Dean Kamen freely admits it : He often suffers sleepless nights wrestling over whether to quit a project that 's not panning out . Knowing when to quit a fruitless project is difficult , says the father of the Segway , Dean Kamen , left . "  You end up lying there saying , ` I 'm not stopping . It would be an act of shallow cowardice . Or you decide to quit and you say , ` This is one of those ideas that just is n't going to work , ' " said Kamen , speaking by phone from his home office in Manchester , New Hampshire . When to quit -- said Kamen , also the inventor of health care technologies and the Slingshot water purifier -- is "  the toughest question there is " for any entrepreneur who survives on creativity and instinct . "  It 's not nearly as glamorous as people think to keep working on something and to keep hitting roadblocks and to keep going , " he said . Stubborn , delusionally optimistic , creative , fearless , flexible and focused are some of the ways psychologists and business people describe the personality of an entrepreneur . Surprisingly , another word is ignorant . Quiz : Do you have the right stuff for entrepreneurship ? " "  You need to be in denial or in ignorance about the huge challenges you face , " laughs Guy Kawasaki , a former Apple executive and entrepreneur who 's starting the self-described "  magazine rack " alltop.com . "  You have to believe that it would n't be hard for you to succeed . " Research by Harvard Business School psychology professor emeritus Abraham Zaleznik has unveiled a darker side to the entrepreneur 's psyche . "  Entrepreneurs tend to have a singular weakness that allows them to do things without checking their conscience , " Zaleznik said . "  Juvenile delinquents act and then try to sort things out afterward . I think entrepreneurs have this tendency . " Another academic researcher on the topic , professor Kelly Shaver of the College of William & Mary , told Forbes magazine in 2002 that successful entrepreneurs "  really do n't care as much " about what other people think . "  They 're just happy to go ahead and do what they 're doing . " In a recession that has forced employers to eliminate 2.6 million jobs in 2008 , people who might otherwise start a business at a time of their own choosing find themselves being pushed into entrepreneurship . "  More people often become self-employed in tough times like this , " said John Challenger , CEO of a top employment firm for executives and middle managers . Between 5 percent and 7 percent of clients at Challenger , Gray & Christmas are choosing to start their own businesses , he said . Workers are more open to starting a small business in the dot-com era , Challenger said . "  I think we 're in a more entrepreneurial period than we were in the '80s and '90s , " he said . Recessions can be "  crucibles " for at-home start-ups . "  Some of the best new businesses start in recessions because what they have really makes a difference if the market is interested in it , " Challenger said . "  There 's not a lot of easy money to go around , and they have to fight their way forward . " Great entrepreneurs , said Kawasaki , do more than just fight hard to win their market share . They have vision . They ask what he calls the "  fundamental question " : Would n't it be neat if ... ? Kawasaki said Apple would have failed without the unique contributions of its co-founder , Steve Jobs . "  He asked the question , ` Would n't it be neat if people could carry all their music with them wherever they went ? ' " Result : the iPod . Psychologist Lynn Friedman , whose clients often include entrepreneurs , said many of them are "  tuned into consumer needs . " They tend to grow up in nurturing families and learned to value the concept of trying new things . Jobs described fond memories of his California childhood during an 1995 interview with the Smithsonian Institution , saying his father "  spent a lot of time with me ... teaching me how to build things , how to take things apart , put things back together . " But obviously , Kawasaki said , everybody 's not always right about the "  would n't it be neat " question . He cited Webvan , the online grocery store that served as many as 10 U.S. cities before going bankrupt in 2001 . "  Somebody asked the question , ` Would n't it be neat if I could buy lettuce online and they 'll deliver lettuce to my house ? ' " Webvan failed with sales of $ 178.5 million in 2000 partly because it was buried in $ 525.4 million in expenses , according to a 2001 CNNMoney.com article . "  They went about it in a grand way , " Kawasaki said . "  Sometimes it helps to start small . " Webvan entrepreneur Louis Borders , who stepped down as CEO in 1999 , told the San Francisco Chronicle four years later , "  I get the strategy set , the operation running , the team in place . That 's my role as an entrepreneur . " According to Friedman , entrepreneurs "  live in the world of action , " and they "  often need help with slowing down and thinking several steps ahead . " Kamen , who works hard to inspire future innovators with his FIRST program to promote high school math and science , said every entrepreneurial innovator he 's ever seen shares a few characteristics . "  It 's not that they 're brilliant or well-educated , " Kamen said . "  They work all the time . They do n't let failure demoralize or destroy them . They pick themselves up and keep going and eventually , every once in a while , one of your ideas actually breaks through and works , and it makes all that stuff seem worthwhile . "	An entrepreneur 's personality can influence a business Harvard prof : Entrepreneurs have some tendencies similar to juvenile delinquents Many people choose to start their own business in bad economy Expert : Delusional optimism helps fend off scary challenges
CNN  -- Organizers of a tennis tournament in Dubai , criticized for banning an Israeli player , said Tuesday they were trying to protect the woman from anti-Israel protests . Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday , just before her scheduled flight to Dubai . "  The Tournament respects Ms. Shahar Peer as a professional tennis player on the Tour and understands her disappointment , " the organizers wrote in a statement . "  Ms. Peer personally witnessed protests against her at another tournament in New Zealand only a few weeks ago . "  We do not wish to politicize sports , but we have to be sensitive to recent events in the region and not alienate or put at risk the players and the many tennis fans of different nationalities that we have here . " Peer was scheduled to fly to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , but was informed on Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa . Watch Peer describe her disappointment " This sparked a response from the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour that it could drop Dubai from the World Tennis Tour calendar . "  I am confident that the Tour will take appropriate actions to ensure that this injustice is not allowed to occur in the future , and that the Tour will make sure I will not be further harmed in the short and long term , " Peer said in a statement on Tuesday . "  There should be no place for politics or discrimination in professional tennis or indeed any sport . " Peer has experienced a "  tremendous outpouring of support and empathy " from fans , friends and fellow players , but agrees with the Tour decision to go ahead with this week 's Dubai Open . WTA chairman and chief executive officer Larry Scott had said : "  The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly , and has a clear rule and policy , that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking . " Scott noted this is not the first time Dubai has taken this type of action . Last year an Israeli men 's doubles team was denied entry while Andy Ram , a member of Israel 's Davis Cup team , is scheduled to compete in next week 's men 's competition . World No. 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times : "  All the players support Shahar . We are all athletes , and we stand for tennis . " On Tuesday in Dubai , Venus rushed to a 6-0 6-1 win over Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova whose Russian compatriot and second seed Dinara Safina suffered a shock exit against Virginie Razzano , of France , 6-2 6-4 . Top-seeded Serena Williams came from behind to oust Italian Sara Errani 4-6 6-2 6-0 and Serbian third seed Jelena Jankovic beat Monica Niculescu of Romania 6-3 6-2 in an earlier second round encounter .	Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer denied entry for Dubai tournament Shahar Peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by UAE Tournament organizers : Player faced protests against her in New Zealand recently We have to be sensitive to recent events in the region , organizers add
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chester French is giving its music away . Chester French , Max Drummey , left , and D.A. Wallach are earning buzz as a band to watch . Go to the duo 's Web site and you can scoop up an entirely free "  athletic-themed " album . The idea is that you 'll be so impressed by the free stuff , you 'll feel inspired to buy the band 's official debut album , "  Love The Future "  Star Trak/Interscope  , which came out last month . "  We 're doing something that 's never been done by a band before , " says lead singer D.A. Wallach . "  It 's great because when you put out free music , people can spread it around as much as they want . And right now as we 're just trying to expose ourselves to more people . Every new supporter helps . " The band has even come up with a fancy name for its fans : "  VIP Concierge Service . " So who are these two clever , skinny dudes who jokingly claim to "  put in a lot of burn at the gym " ? Wallach and Max Drummey met at Harvard , but found music to be more interesting than their studies . Fortunately for them , sought-after producer Pharrell Williams liked what he heard and signed the group to his label . So far things seems to be working out for Chester French  named for sculptor Daniel Chester French , though the group is sick of explaining  . They won a place on Rolling Stone 's "  Artists to Watch " list in 2008 . HBO 's "  Entourage " showed some love for their catchy single "  She Loves Everybody . " Watch Chester French get punched by a pretty girl " And then there 's the transportation situation . "  Right now we 're on the first tour bus we 've ever had , " says Wallach . "  We were driving around in a van for the past year and a half and it 's a real luxury now to be able to sleep while we 're driving . " The band spoke to CNN about the challenges of navigating a rapidly changing industry , getting punched by a pretty girl in a music video and why the Beach Boys have nothing on them . CNN : How does it feel to be called the next big thing ? D.A. Wallach : You know what , we actually have n't been called that in those words too often . But if we did , that would be very flattering . CNN : Things get a bit violent in the music video for your song "  She Loves Everybody . " Who 's idea was it to have you both get beaten up by an angry girl ? Wallach : It was the director 's . We worked with Paul Hunter on the video and it was our first music video . ... He had the concept that love hurts . So this girl was going to take it out on us and we were going to be all about it and still smiling and enjoying it . CNN : So it was a lot of fun ? Wallach : Yeah it was great . It was painless . Actually we both got hit accidentally by her . I mean most of the hits were kind of staged punches . But we both got hit once each , and it was fun . CNN : You 're both Harvard graduates . Does that make you the smartest dudes in pop music ? Wallach : Probably not . We were kind of nerds in high school . And the hardest part about Harvard is getting in , people say . After that you take it at your own pace . And at different times we were more or less engaged there , but we met some other really intelligent , thoughtful people . Max Drummey : And there 's definitely a lot of stupid people at Harvard . CNN : Tell me how you both met . Wallach : We met in the dining hall our freshman year and we started the band with three of our classmates . It was just a funny hobby at first and it was n't until sophomore year that we really got serious about it and said , "  OK , let 's actually try and make this a possibility as a career . " CNN : And did n't you record most of your new album on campus ? Wallach : Yeah , there was a recording studio in the basement of one of the dorms at Harvard and we were both recording engineers there . So we recorded lots for other people as well . And in our free time we were working on the record we just released , "  Love the Future . " CNN : Is it true that there was a bit of a bidding war between Jermaine Dupri and Pharrell Williams  over the record deal  ? Wallach : No . ... There were several people all at once who were interested in working with us and it was a little awkward because they 're all friends with each other . And since we 've been working with Pharrell we 've stayed cool with everyone . ... We could n't have gone wrong . CNN : Why do you think there 's been all this interest from hip-hop producers ? Drummey : We 're the hottest rappers out . Wallach : I 'm from Milwaukee , he 's from Boston . They 're both very diverse cities and we grew up with friends and all different kinds of music around us . So the records we make are inspired by a lot of different places . And certainly having grown up in the '90s , hip-hop is a part of the soundtrack for us and so it 's very natural for us to have learned things from Dr. Dre or Pharrell and people like that . CNN : A lot of people compare your sound to the Beach Boys . How do you feel about that comparison ? Drummey : I mean we 're definitely better . And we came first too . So it 's sort of a ridiculous comparison . CNN : Do n't you play the theremin ? Drummey : Yeah . Not well . Wallach : There are only a couple of people who play it at a virtuoso level . You 'd have to really have something off to put the time in as a theremin artist . CNN : What has been the most surprising aspect of the music business so far ? Wallach : I think the biggest surprise has been that people do n't really know a hundred percent what they 're doing . Everyone is trying to figure out how the music business is going to look in 10 years . And as a new artist there 's not a blueprint . I figured you 'd get signed and you 're instantly on billboards . And the reality of it is that we find ourselves in a situation where all we can focus on is building our audience one person at a time . And it 's just a brick-and-mortar , nose-to-the-grindstone process . CNN : What musicians do you admire as being fellow brainiacs ? Wallach : Trent Reznor from Nine Inch Nails I think is really brilliant , not just on a musical level . Pharrell 's been incredibly helpful and his advice is always really apt . Jay-Z . Really , when you 're in the thick of it , anybody who 's built a real career has something figured out . Or they got really lucky .	Chester French a duo of two Harvard grads Band praised for Beach Boys-like sound , highlighted on "  Entourage " Despite pedigree , "  probably not " smartest folks in pop music , says one member
CNN  -- Are Democrats beginning to reconsider their vote in the 2008 Democratic primary ? With the nation 's economy -- and arguably its politics -- in shambles , it is not very surprising to find in a recent Bloomberg poll that 34 % of respondents think it would have been better for the country if Hillary Clinton had n't lost the battle for the Democratic nomination to Barack Obama . A CNN poll released last week put Clinton 's favorability rating at a tremendous 69 % . Perhaps no one is questioning the 2008 results more than Democratic politicians who must face the voters next year . Right now , it looks like President Obama , rather than offering coattails to those below him on the ticket , may instead be serving up an anchor . This is ironic , when you look back at what actually happened during the Democrats ' 2008 primary , and at who made Obama the party 's nominee . It is often assumed that Barack Obama used his gifts as an orator and his aspirational rhetoric to energize young and minority voters in a way that allowed him to wrest the nomination from Clinton , the candidate favored by the Democratic establishment . This is a nice story , but it is not completely true . For one thing , Clinton actually defeated Obama in the popular vote . Still , one has to be careful not to read too much into this , since Clinton 's very narrow lead depends on counting votes from Michigan . Because Michigan refused to abide by Democratic Party rules when scheduling its primary , Obama had pulled his name off that state 's ballot . It does not really matter who won the popular vote , however , because the Democratic Party does not select its nominee only through a direct election . To become the party 's standard-bearer , a candidate must capture the votes of a majority of the more than 4,000 delegates who are selected to attend the party 's national convention . Although delegates are awarded in part based on the votes that they receive , neither Clinton nor Obama captured enough delegates through their primary and caucus showings to secure the nomination . Indeed , in 2008 , Democratic Party rules made such a feat almost impossible . Unlike the Republicans , the Democrats do n't allow states to award their delegates on a winner-take-all basis . This makes it difficult for candidates who are neck-and-neck to pull away from each other in delegate counts . Adding to this problem is that approximately 20 % of the delegates to the Democratic National Convention are not tied to the results of primary contests . Party rules stipulate that more than 800 seats at the convention belong to a group defined as "  Party Leaders and Elected Officials . " These so-called "  superdelegates " are not formally pledged to any candidates and attend the convention regardless of primary and caucus results . Indeed , it appears that the real brilliance of the Obama campaign was to realize fairly early that a true majority was not achievable . In response to this fact , and having an edge in the early caucus states due to superior grass-roots organizing , the Obama campaign subtly changed the understanding of the rules . It acted as if the nomination would be determined by the delegate count after the caucuses and primaries , regardless of whether an absolute majority had been achieved . What this did was to lower the overall number by more than 800 votes  the superdelegates  , and consequently change the threshold of victory . Since most Americans are unfamiliar with how the nominating process works , this was a fairly easy story to sell . The press for the most part cooperated . Once this fiction was accepted , any other result would be seen as undemocratic . Indeed , Clinton 's complaints about this unofficial after-the-fact rules change were portrayed as a divisive form of sour grapes . After all , following Sen. Obama 's post-Super Tuesday February romp through 10 states , it became obvious that Sen. Clinton would not be able to win under this new threshold . Ultimately , and most importantly , the elected and unelected leaders of the Democratic Party accepted the Obama campaign 's spin . This was crucial to Obama 's success , since a real victory at the convention depended on these superdelegates ignoring the fact that Clinton was the stronger general election candidate in swing states like Pennsylvania , Florida and Ohio . In the end , it was the endorsement of these superdelegates -- again , party leaders and elected officials -- that forced Clinton to concede the nomination . The irony of all this should now be clear . According to a recent CNN poll , only Republican Mitt Romney appears to be in a position to offer a strong challenge to Obama in 2012 . Unfortunately for the Republican Party , Romney 's nomination is anything but certain . The results of the 2010 midterms , however , when combined with recent special election results , indicate that , with Obama at the top of the ticket , the prospects for many other Democratic elected officials are rather dismal . Of course , a lot of these politicians have no one to blame but themselves . I suspect , nonetheless , that they are feeling more than a twinge of buyer 's remorse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Paul Sracic : Are Democrats now reconsidering their vote in the 2008 Democratic primary ? Hillary Clinton 's favorability rating is now sky-high at 69 % , Sracic says Prospects for many Democratic elected officials in 2012 are now rather dismal , he says Still , only Mitt Romney appears to be a significant challenge to Obama , Sracic says
A top liberal advocacy group is lambasting ABC , NBC and CBS for deciding to not air President Barack Obama 's primetime address on immigration Thursday despite running a 2006 primetime address by President George W. Bush on the same issue . MoveOn.org blasted the networks ' phone numbers and Twitter handles Thursday in an email to supporters , urging them to lobby for a live broadcast . Obama is expected to announce sweeping executive actions to reform the immigration system and shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation . " -LSB- People -RSB- should make the choice whether they want to tune in or not and not have it preempted by network executives , " said Justin Krebs , one of the group 's campaigners who organized Thursday 's push . And while Obama 's speech will announce policies that will affect millions , Krebs said Bush 's speech was "  much less sweeping . " Bush laid out his vision for immigration reform in a May 2006 Oval Office address that the three networks carried live in primetime . He called for mobilizing 6,000 National Guard troops to the southern border and offered a series of proposals that he urged Congress to put into legislation . "  While President Bush 's discussion was important , it was ultimately a pitch , " Krebs said . "  This is actually something that 's really directly affecting millions of people . " Krebs added that he "  absolutely " believes MoveOn.org 's efforts to mobilize supporters could prompt network executives to change their minds on airing Obama 's speech . A CBS News spokesman declined to comment , citing a policy not to discuss editorial decisions . ABC and NBC did not respond to requests for comment . READ : What to watch for in speech Univision and Telemundo , the two Spanish-language networks , announced they will air the President 's address live . Administration officials informally indicated to the networks that they would like to get prime airtime for Obama 's roughly 10-minute address . The White House did not make a formal request after the networks appeared unwilling to air the President 's speech live . While the Bush speech aired on a Monday night in May 2006 , Obama 's speech comes at 8 p.m. on a Thursday night -- one of the most-watch TV nights of the week . CBS will be airing the Big Bang Theory , ABC will be airing the Grey 's Anatomy 's mid-season finale and NBC will air The Biggest Loser during Obama 's 8 p.m. speech from the East Room of the White House . The three primary cable news networks will join Univision and Telemundo in carrying the President 's speech live .	Obama will deliver a speech on immigration tonight Liberal groups are upset broadcast networks wo n't carry the speech Networks aired a speech from George W. Bush on immigration
Washington  CNN  Seriously , Twitter , Let . It . Go . The usually pitch-perfect Idina Menzel had a slight stumble as she was belting out her siren song , "  Let It Go , " for the thousands gathered in Times Square for Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve . And Twitter went all kinds of crazy . Here 's what happened .	She botched the high note during the song 's climax Some came to her defense ; others offered ridicule Still others blamed Adele Dazeem
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department is offering $ 5 million for information leading to the "  arrest , transfer or conviction " of three top leaders of the Lord 's Resistance Army , the department announced Wednesday . One of those leaders , Joseph Kony , was the focus of a massive social media campaign called "  Kony 2012 . " Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court at the Hague for war crimes and crimes against humanity , stemming in part from allegations that he conscripted children as soldiers and sex slaves in his army , which operates in parts of Uganda and other parts of central Africa . A small number of U.S. special forces are advising and assisting regional military efforts authorized by the African Union , the State Department said . Some of those U.S. advisers have been operating in southeastern Central African Republic , according to the department . The reward money is available through the Department of State Rewards Program Update and Technical Corrections Act , which U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law in January . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	U.S. State Department offers $ 5 million for Lord 's Resistance Army leaders One of them is Joseph Kony , who gained notoriety through a 2012 social media campaign Money was made possible through an act signed by President Obama in January
Sherman Hemsley 's body lies in an El Paso , Texas , funeral home refrigerator more than a month after his death while a court decides who gets the actor 's remains . A Philadelphia man claiming to be the "  Jeffersons " actor 's brother is challenging a will Hemsley signed a month before his death , according to the funeral home handling his arrangements . "  It is disgraceful , " Hemsley 's longtime partner Flora Enchinton told CNN affiliate KVIA-TV . "  It is sad . This was a man with dignity . " The will signed by Hemsley on June 13 , 2012 , a month after he was diagnosed with cancer , named Enchinton as executor and left his entire estate to her , according to court papers . Hemsley 's embalmed remains are kept in a refrigerator at San Jose Funeral Home in El Paso awaiting a court order allowing burial or with instructions on who should be given the body , funeral home employee Renny Dosier said Thursday . A spokeswoman for the El Paso County Probate Judge Eduardo Gamboa declined to comment about the case . Enchinton , who said she lived with Hemsley at his El Paso home for the past decade , told KVIA-TV that the dispute gives her a "  very ugly feeling , very desperate feeling that I feel inside . " Sherman Hemsley : A tribute to the great George Jefferson and more "  The emotional thing is you wake up thinking he 's still frozen out there , " she said . Contrary to what Enchinton said , Hemsley 's body is "  embalmed under refrigeration , " not frozen , Dosier said . The man who claims to be Hemsley brother is asking for custody of his remains and possessions . "  I have never heard of a so-called brother named of Richard Thornton in the 20 years I have known Sherman , " Enchinton said . "  This is not what Sherman would have wanted . " "  Sherman left very worried about me , about me staying alone , what was going to happen to me , being alone if he was gone . That 's what worried him the most . I guess maybe he sensed what was going to happen . It just gives me these emotions and feelings  that  all of a sudden there 's these people that have never known anything about our life , about who we are , about what we 're all about , about what we endured , " Enchinton said about the validity of her role in Hemsley 's life being questioned . Hemsley played George Jefferson , a wisecracking owner of a dry cleaning business , on "  All in the Family " from 1973 until 1975 , when the spinoff "  The Jeffersons " began an 11-season run on CBS . Hemsley also played Deacon Ernest Frye in the sitcom "  Amen . " Comments : So long , Sherman ; Thanks for the laughs	A Philadelphia man claiming to be the "  Jeffersons " actor 's brother is challenging his will "  It is disgraceful , " Hemsley 's longtime partner Flora Enchinton tells CNN affiliate KVIA-TV . Will signed by Hemsley a month after cancer diagnosis named Enchinton as executor Hemsley died of cancer on July 24
Washington  CNN  -- One of the most divisive issues in politics is set to take center stage in Congress on Thursday as the House of Representatives votes on a measure banning abortions based on the sex of a fetus . Supporters characterize the proposal as a necessary defense of the civil rights of unborn children ; opponents consider it part of a broader so-called "  war on women " and an ongoing assault on legalized abortion . The Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act would impose possible fines and prison sentences up to five years on doctors who knowingly perform abortions chosen on grounds based on sex . Abortion providers could also be subject to civil penalties , including punitive monetary damages , under certain circumstances . Gallup poll : ` Pro-choice ' at a record low There is "  evidence that the practice of sex selection abortion is demonstrably increasing here in the United States , especially but not exclusively in the Asian immigrant community , " Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks , the bill 's main sponsor , said Wednesday on the House floor . "  I refuse to believe that we can not find enough humanity in this body to conclude together that it is wrong to knowingly kill unborn children because they are baby girls instead of baby boys . " It is "  hypocrisy to say that one is pro-woman and that it 's OK to end the life of an unborn child just because of its gender , " argued Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee . "  Since when did America subscribe to the idea that males are worth more than females ? ... It 's sick , it 's discriminatory , it 's sexist and it is blatantly anti-woman and anti-human . " Women 's rights : Nuns ' fight with Vatican highlights Catholicism 's global struggle Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , declared , "  Today the three most dangerous words in China and India are : It 's a girl . We ca n't let that happen here . " Supporters of the measure cited multiple studies to back claims of a growing pattern of abortions based on the sex of the fetus . Opponents , however , took issue with certain interpretations of the studies and warned of negative ramifications for women 's health if the bill becomes law . Michigan Rep. John Conyers , the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee , said the bill "  tramples  on  the rights of women under the guise of nondiscrimination , while doing absolutely nothing to provide women with needed resources for their babies , female and male . " Citing opposition to the bill from groups such as the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , Conyers said , "  If this measure is passed into law , we will then require that medical and mental health professionals violate ... doctor-patient confidentiality " and report suspected violations to law enforcement authorities . Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , said the bill 's backers were "  exploiting serious issues like racism and sexism  as part of  a backdoor attempt to make abortion illegal . " House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said nobody he has talked to favors abortion based on sex preferences , and the proposal was brought up simply "  because somebody decided politically it was a difficult place to put people in . " Drew Hammill , a spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , called the debate over the bill "  yet another distraction and yet another day that this Republican majority fails to act on job creation . " Asked why the Republican-controlled House is taking up an abortion bill at a time when GOP leaders have called economic recovery their top concern , a spokesman for Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said the party 's priorities had not changed . Planned Parenthood 's new ad zeroes in on Romney "  House Republicans are focused on the American people 's top priorities : jobs and the economy , " spokesman Michael Steel said . "  Dealing with a bill to prevent sex-selective abortion ... does n't change that . " The bill is being considered under an expedited legislative process that requires a two-thirds vote of approval for passage . While Republicans would n't say why they were intentionally setting up a higher hurdle for House approval , the procedure avoids an extended argument over a divisive social issue with the potential to sidetrack the economic debate . Franks ' bill is coming to a vote at a time when abortion , a perennial hot button topic , has re-emerged as a political focal point . The anti-abortion rights group Live Action released an undercover sting video this week showing a Planned Parenthood staffer offering advice to a woman involved in the sting on how best to proceed with an abortion if her fetus is female . Franks and several other House Republicans are scheduled to hold a press conference Thursday morning with the head of Live Action to "  address the growing trend of the abortion industry targeting baby girls in the United States , " according to a news release from Live Action . A spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood , which provides a range of medical services for women , responded to the video 's release with a statement noting that the staff member in question lost her job because she failed to follow proper procedures for the organization . "  Planned Parenthood opposes racism and sexism in all forms , and we work to advance equity and human rights in the delivery of health care , " said spokeswoman Leslie Kantor . "  Planned Parenthood condemns sex selection motivated by gender bias , and urges leaders to challenge the underlying conditions that lead to these beliefs and practices . " Planned Parenthood 's leadership jumped into the presidential contest on Wednesday , unveiling a roughly $ 1.5 million ad campaign targeting presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney . The ad , which claims Romney would deny women critical medical services , is set to run in the battleground states of Florida , Iowa , and Virginia . CNN 's Kate Bolduan and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	House to vote on measure banning abortion based on sex preference Doctors who perform such abortions could face up to five years in prison Democrats call the bill an unneeded distraction from the economic debate Two-thirds of House members need to back the bill for it to pass
CNN  -- First some full disclosure : Former President Jimmy Carter has been pretty good to me . He gave me in-person interviews for my last book and a forthcoming one on the end of greatness in the presidency . And every time we 've met , our conversations have been friendly and productive . But having worked on the Middle East negotiations for more than a few years and still laboring under the notion that wrongheaded assumptions and conclusions ought to be redressed , I ca n't help but weigh in on the former President 's criticism of both President Barack Obama 's and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's handling of the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . Carter 's brief comments raise two important issues worth examining . Carter 's idea that the President ought to jump in and get in the middle of the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations and that Clinton should be somehow blamed for not taking on the peace process are dead-on inaccurate . I 've been critical of Obama and Clinton . But blasting them for failure to leap into the throes of a broken peace process is n't a valid criticism . What Carter has done is to allow his own passion for resolving the Palestinian issue and his own experience in peacemaking during the late 1970s to skew his view of what is required now in the way of presidential involvement . Right now , the Kerry talks are hardly ready for prime time , and until they 're much farther along Obama should keep his distance . Carter 's brief paragraph of comments in his longer interview in TIME takes shots at Obama and Clinton from two different directions . Other than his well-deserved expression of admiration for Kerry , just about everything in that paragraph is wrong . First is the charge that Kerry is "  having a difficult time operating pretty much on his own . " Here 's a news flash for you . This is the Israeli-Palestinian issue -- it 's the mother of all migraine headaches and root canals operations . Every secretary of state and president who has ever dealt with it has had a difficult time . Indeed , none has even come close to resolving it . Kerry is only the latest in a fairly long line of would-be peacemakers . And the fact is even with the current crisis in the talks ,  likely to be resolved on the basis of more process but little peace  he 's actually kept this thing afloat longer than anyone would have believed . Implicit in Carter 's charge , though , is the idea that Kerry 's travails are related almost entirely to the fact that Obama has not played a central role in the enterprise so far . Much of Carter 's mediator addiction flows from his own experience in brokering Egyptian-Israeli peace . Let 's be clear Jimmy Carter accomplished in 1978 and 1979 remains a truly important and consequential act of U.S. diplomacy . Carter took risks in bringing Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin to Camp David in 1978 , and he was relentless and skillful in his brokering of those accords and the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty that followed in March of the following year . But presidential involvement then was both warranted and critical to the task at hand . Carter had two strong leaders who were serious about making a deal . He had a focus on Egyptian-Israeli peace that both Sadat  reluctantly  and Begin  happily  were prepared to separate out from the more complicated Palestinian issue . He had negotiators below the level of the two leaders on each side who were prepared to play key roles in facilitating , not complicating , the negotiations . In short , then the peace process was ready for prime time . Now it is n't . After all , Sadat in November 1977 in one of the most extraordinary acts of statesmanship in the 20th century had undertaken a trip to Jerusalem and in the process fundamentally altered the shape of the conflict . Today , the Israeli-Palestinian issue remains largely frozen . Should Kerry 's effort progress further and the gaps on the core issues of the conflict -- borders , security , Jerusalem , refugees -- narrow significantly , it would be worth a significant push by Obama to close them . Indeed , an Israeli-Palestinian agreement , let alone a conflict-ending one , is n't going to be possible without presidential involvement of a major caliber . But to spend presidential currency now , to make the President part of the political furniture by throwing him into a semihopeless process not only does n't make sense , it would undermine presidential credibility . Woody Allen was only partly right . Ninety percent of success in life is showing up . But it 's showing up at the right time . As for Carter 's charge that Clinton "  took very little action to bring about peace " and that "  it was only Kerry 's coming into office that reinitiated all these important and critical issues , " that 's also wrong and unfair . During her term as secretary of state , Clinton dealt with perhaps the most controlling foreign policy president since Richard Nixon . Obama dominated -- he did n't delegate . All of the consequential issues were run out of the White House , including the so-called peace process . And that had nary a chance of getting started because the President chose to focus on Israeli settlement activity instead of what might be required to reach an actual agreement -- not that such an agreement could have been reached then anyway . It was true that Clinton was likely risk-averse on the Palestinian issue . She was smart enough to know the climate was hardly amenable to an agreement . It 's also true Kerry is risk-ready . Unlike his predecessor , the arc of his prospective elected political career is descending ; Clinton 's is ascending . If she runs for president , she has to deal with the consequences of actions she took regarding the Middle East . And so Kerry is prepared to be active . But that 's because the President is ready to let Kerry engage . You have a second-term president more focused on the middle class as a legacy , not on the Middle East . And so it 's important that he has a secretary of state who is prepared to take on and manage all the headaches the President ca n't or does n't want to . It 's truly unfair to blame Clinton for a first term peace process that never was and almost certainly never could have been . Carter 's views on the Middle East are likely driven by many things : his own success there and the lack of success of all of his predecessors on issues he cares deeply about and that are important to U.S. national interests . But none of that should fundamentally obscure the main issue . Carter succeeded in the peace process because the parties themselves were prepared to own it and take the decisions necessary to make it work . That is not yet the case today . The primary problem is not Barack Obama , John Kerry or Hillary Clinton . It 's primarily Benjamin Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas . And while the United States has a critical role to play , unless that changes , you might as well hang a closed-for-the-season sign on prospects for a solution .	Former President Carter made comments critical of Obama and Hillary Clinton on Mideast peace Aaron David Miller : Carter is confusing the Middle East of the late 1970s with today He says Obama is right to let John Kerry take the lead to see if peace can be achieved Miller : Clinton could n't have emphasized peace process given lack of White House support
CNN  -- FIFA has moved quickly to deny claims its president , Sepp Blatter , suggested Qatar is unfit to host the 2022 World Cup -- despite his admission that it was "  a mistake " to schedule a summer tournament in the Gulf State . Blatter , who oversees the game 's global governing body , appeared to cast doubt over Qatar 's right to welcome the football world , following an interview with a Swiss television station Friday . When asked by RTS if it was an error to award Qatar the World Cup , Blatter said : "  Of course , it was a mistake . You know , one makes a lot of mistakes in life . "  The technical report indicated clearly that it was too hot in summer , but despite that the executive committee decided , with quite a big majority , that the tournament would be in Qatar . " In October 2013 , Blatter set up an executive committee taskforce to examine whether the World Cup in Qatar should be switched to winter because of extreme summer temperatures . A decision is expected to be made following the conclusion of the upcoming World Cup in Brazil . Blatter 's comments sparked a frenzy on social media and led to criticism of the 78-year-old and the organization 's decision to award the tournament to Qatar . But speaking to CNN , a FIFA spokesman said : "  The comment by the FIFA President concerning the organization of the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar to Swiss TV station RTS is in line with previous comments on this matter . " As explained in his answer to the journalist , the president reiterated that the decision to organize the World Cup in summer was an ` error ' based on the technical assessment report of the bid , which had highlighted the extremely hot temperatures in summer in Qatar . "  At no stage did he question Qatar as the host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup . " Harold Mayne-Nicholls led the FIFA inspection team which examined each of the bidding countries for the 2022 World Cup before delivering his report in October 2010 . Mayne-Nicholls concluded that Qatar was a high-risk option because of its soaring temperatures -- but it was still chosen by 14 of the 22 executive committee members in the final round of voting in December that year . "  In June and July you can not play , " Mayne-Nicholls told CNN last November when asked about the conditions in Qatar . "  It 's not for the players . The players will be OK with the cooling system but what about the fans ? "  You 'll have 50,000 fans walking three , four , even six blocks or more like in South Africa where I walked 10 blocks . "  They will be walking in 40 degrees and it 's too much . One or two crucial cases will damage the entire image of the World Cup and we must be careful . " If the World Cup was to be held between November and January , it would probably create a logistical headache for many major European leagues -- such as the English Premier League -- and for the prestigious Champions League , organized by the continent 's UEFA confederation . American broadcaster Fox , which paid $ 425 million for the rights to broadcast the 2018 and 2022 tournaments , has expressed concern that a "  winter " World Cup could clash with the National Football League 's regular season and the Super Bowl . The decision to award Qatar football 's showpiece event has drawn widespread condemnation and focused attention on workers ' rights in the state . A report released by Amnesty International last November alleged that the abuse of migrant workers was rife within Qatar 's construction sector , while British newspaper The Guardian likened the conditions for such workers to "  modern-day slavery . " The furor which surrounded "  stranded " footballer Zahir Belounis also raised questions regarding Qatar 's Kafala law . Blatter himself described the conditions for migrant workers in Qatar as "  unacceptable , " but has so far refused to entertain the idea of moving the 2022 competition to another location . In response to Amnesty 's allegations , the director of the Human Rights Department at Qatar 's Foreign Ministry said laws are in place to protect workers from mistreatment .	FIFA denies Sepp Blatter said Qatar unfit to hold World Cup Blatter said it was a ` mistake ' to organize summer tournament in Gulf State FIFA president made comments in interview with Swiss media
CNN  -- Paraguay 's cancer-stricken president is "  lucid , "  perfectly fine " and will not require surgery at this point , his doctor said Sunday . President Fernando Lugo is currently undergoing treatment at the Syrian-Lebanese Hospital in San Paolo , Brazil . His doctor , Alfredo Boccia , said the president had a blood clot , which is not an uncommon side effect of chemotherapy . "  The clot has broken up in an important way . This is extremely positive and takes the president out of the risky situation that he was in , " Boccia said in a statement . He added Lugo will not require surgery at this point and that he is "  perfectly fine , lucid , and without problems and pain . " Paraguay 's president was diagnosed in August with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a cancer affecting the immune system . It was detected at an early stage . Lugo is a former Roman Catholic bishop . His five-year term is slated to end in August 2013 . He was admitted to a hospital in Paraguay 's capital Thursday , and later transferred to the hospital in Brazil to avoid possible complications , said Boccia . Lugo , 59 , was suffering from redness and swelling around the face . Doctors initially were concerned the president might have had an infection . According to the American Cancer Society , non Hodgkin 's lymphoma is one of the most common caners in the United States , according for about 4 percent of all cancers .	He was transferred to hospital in Brazil after having redness , swelling around his face Fernando Lugo had a blood clot , his doctor says The president was diagnosed in August with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma
CNN  -- The Supreme Court for now is staying out of the hot-button issue of concealed weapons laws . The Justices on Monday declined to review two cases brought by the National Rifle Association that deal with whether those age 18-20 can buy and then carry handguns in public for self-defense . The justices gave no reason for denying those cases and a third gun-control appeal on out-of-state weapon transfers . The decision not to intervene means the state and federal laws at issue will remain in effect , and are at least a temporary setback for gun-rights advocates . The NRA had hoped the court was prepared to address a broader , politically explosive issue -- whether there was a fundamental constitutional right to carry a concealed weapon in public . The Supreme Court in 2008 said the Second Amendment guarantees an individual right to have a handgun in the home to protect life and property . Both current handgun cases originated in Texas , which included a challenge to state restrictions over "  concealed carry " permits . At issue in NRA v. McCraw  13-390  was whether the right to bear arms in public for self-defense extends to responsible , law-abiding 18 - to 20-year-olds . State law permits those 21 and older to apply for a license to carry a concealed weapon . Many states have similar restrictions , citing concerns over crime rates among certain young adults , and whether they have the necessary level of maturity and responsibility to carry a handgun . The second legal challenge dealt with a 1968 congressional law that restricts sales of handguns by federally-licensed firearms dealers only to those 21 and older . Those 18-to-20 may still be allowed to purchase shotguns and certain type of rifles , or receive handguns as a gift . Two young Texas gun owners -- Andrew Payne and Katherine Taggart -- had brought the original lawsuit in NRA v. ATF  13-137  . Again , the nation 's most powerful gun rights group failed to convince the high court to address whether a nationwide , class-based , categorical ban on meaningful access to exercise the right to keep and bear arms for self-defense violated the Second Amendment . The justices also turned down a more narrow appeal in Lane v. Holder  12-1401  , denying gun owners in Washington D.C. the ability to sue over city laws making it hard to legally transfer weapons purchased in nearby jurisdictions . Since the nation 's capital does not have any federally-licensed gun shops , residents seeking a handgun typically have to go to nearby Virginia or Maryland . Once the high court established an "  individual " right to keep a handgun in the home , it has been reluctant to broaden that right in a variety of subsequent challenges to other firearm restrictions . The Justice Department estimates as many as 275 million guns are in the United States . In 2005 , the last time figures were available , three-quarters of the 10,100 homicides by firearms nationwide were committed with handguns . Paul Clement , a Washington lawyer challenging the federal restrictions on handgun sales to those under 21 , expressed frustration at that reluctance . "  Given the number of laws enacted by the federal government , states , and localities in the years when a mistaken understanding of the Second Amendment held sway , one would have expected a major reconsideration of extant firearms laws to have occurred , " said Clement in a brief filed with the court . "  Instead , jurisdictions have engaged in massive resistance to the clear import of those landmark decisions , and the lower federal courts , long out of the habit of taking the Second Amendment seriously , have largely facilitated the resistance , " he said . Efforts to craft compromise gun-control legislation have stalled in Congress despite the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre in 2012 and a string of mass shootings since . The high court six years ago -- for the first time -- affirmed an individual 's right to own a firearm , when it struck down Washington D.C. 's handgun restrictions . But the court confined its analysis just to the home , leaving in place other gun control laws , including those "  forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools . " While the court for now is staying out of the concealed carry issue , it may be forced back into the debate . Federal appeals courts in Philadelphia and San Francisco have issued opposite rulings in recent weeks .	Court declined to review two cases brought by National Rifle Association The decision is seens as a temporary setback for gun rights advocates Gun-control efforts have stalled in Congress despite Newtown and a string of other mass shootings
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine a scene more gruesome and disturbing than the one Londoners encountered on an inner-city street Wednesday . A person hacked to death , lying in a pool of his own blood . His assailants standing nearby , covered in blood and brandishing gore-soaked knives and meat cleavers as they spew violent rhetoric . A car smashed into a lamppost a few yards away . Most bystanders kept their distance , understandably . Yet one woman directly confronted the apparent murderers -- in fact , she jumped off her bus and rushed to the scene when she saw what looked like a car accident , then stuck around and tried to engage both attackers in conversation even after she realized what was going on . The woman , a 48-year-old mother of two named Ingrid Loyau-Kennett , later said she was trying to talk them down and keep them from hurting anyone else , especially children . Why did she put herself on the line when so many others stayed away ? We do n't really know enough about Loyau-Kennett to be able to say for sure ; perhaps we never will . History is filled with heroes , from Oskar Schindler to Paul Rusesabagina of Hotel Rwanda fame , whose life histories could n't have predicted the extraordinary things that they later did . Cub scout leader , ex-teacher confronted London terrorist But what we do know , thanks to social psychology , is that what separates people like Loyau-Kennett from the rest of us is often extremely subtle . In fact , research suggests that many of us , perhaps to our own surprise , have the potential to find our own inner hero . What often makes the difference between a bystander and an "  upstander " are the particulars of a crisis situation and how those details interact with a person 's background . For instance , decades of research on the "  bystander effect " has shown that even good , moral people fail to take action when confronted with an emergency . One famous study found that the only factor that determined whether bystanders stopped to help someone in need was whether they were in a hurry . Other research shows people are less likely to help when they 're part of a crowd : They assume either that someone else will take responsibility or that there must not really be a crisis at all if no one else has acted yet . Taking action would mean going against the norm , breaking from the herd ; they do n't want to rock the boat . The bigger the crowd , the more likely all crowd members will do nothing . Yet there are exceptions . Research suggests , for example , that when people can be made to feel a personal connection to a victim , they might intervene in a situation that they would otherwise ignore . One British study even found that people were more willing to help an injured stranger if that stranger were wearing the jersey of their favorite soccer team . There are other exceptions as well . Research by Princeton psychologist John Darley , who pioneered the study of the bystander effect , has found no clear personality profile distinguishes the upstanders from the bystanders . More important , according to Darley and others , is whether people can recognize a crisis and feel they have the skills to help . That finding resonated in London when Loyau-Kennett , trying to explain her actions , cited her role as a Cub Scout leader , mentioning that she had to learn first aid for the position . It was her knowledge of first aid that initially prompted her to get off her bus , thinking that she could help the victim she saw lying on the ground . Similarly , after Wesley Autrey -- aka the Subway Hero -- leaped onto New York City subway tracks to save someone who 'd fallen in front of a train back in 2007 , many observers later pointed to Autrey 's Navy service to explain why this otherwise unexceptional man sprang to action while everyone else simply watched . In their own extensive analysis of what makes a hero , psychologists Zeno Franco and Philip Zimbardo suggest that people who do n't succumb to the bystander effect are sometimes people who generally do n't adhere to social norms and conventions . That means they 're prone to intervene and take positive action when no one else will . But it may also mean they 're prone to break other rules . Franco and Zimbardo cite the story of Jabar Gibson , who was hailed as a hero after he drove 70 people to safety from the flooding caused by Hurricane Katrina , commandeering an abandoned school bus . Gibson thought to do something bold that others would n't do ; he also had an extensive criminal record , which has grown in the years since . Does this mean we can expect Ingrid Loyau-Kennett to break the law in the not-too-distant future ? Hardly . But it does challenge the notion that there 's a distinct category of exceptional people who are heroes , elevated above the rest of us . Franco and Zimbardo have argued that deifying heroes like this -- what they call "  the myth of the ` heroic elect ' " -- has the perverse effect of making us blind to our own heroic potential . If instead we believe we 're capable of heroism ourselves , we 'll be better prepared to realize that potential and snap into action if and when our time comes . So science still has n't gotten to the bottom of stories like Ingrid Loyau-Kennett 's . But perhaps its greatest insight so far is that her story could be ours . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Marsh .	Ingrid Loyau-Kennett talked to murder suspects right after London hacking to calm them Jason Marsh : People who step up like her often think they have skills to help , like she did Marsh : Such people , sometimes , are a bit nonconformist He says we all have the potential to shake the "  bystander effect " and find our inner hero
CNN  -- Jon Hamm has to have throat surgery , but it does n't sound like it will keep the actor down for long . According to his team , the 42-year-old "  Mad Men " star is poised to go under the knife next week in order to get a polyp removed . Hamm 's rep tells CNN the operation will be a "  very simple outpatient procedure . " People magazine reports that the polyp has been affecting his voice .  Now that we think about it , he did sound husky at the Emmy Awards on Sunday . The seventh season of "  Mad Men , " which will be split into two parts , has n't begun filming yet , so Hamm has time to heal before trying to sound like Don Draper . Network AMC revealed earlier this month that the acclaimed '60s - era series will return for its final episodes beginning in spring 2014 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  Mad Men " actor Jon Hamm will have throat surgery soon It will be a simple procedure to remove a polyp Reports have suggested the polyp has been affecting his voice The final season of his show will start airing episodes next spring
EW.com  -- It seems like everyone , with or without HBO , knew about the "  Game of Thrones " Red Wedding episode  $ " which could explain why the show once again tops TorrentFreak 's annual list of the most pirated TV shows . Per the site , "  GoT 's " season 3 finale bloodbath was downloaded an estimated 5.9 million times via BitTorrent . After the show topped the charts in illegal downloads in 2012 , HBO programming president Michael Lombardo told EW he considered it , "  a compliment of sorts " : "  The demand is there . And it certainly did n't negatively impact the DVD sales . -LSB- Piracy is -RSB- something that comes along with having a wildly successful show on a subscription network . " Rounding out the Top 10 of 2013 , however , is a mix of pay cable , basic cable , and broadcast shows : Breaking Bad  an average of 4.2 million per episode  , The Walking Dead  3.6 million  , The Big Bang Theory  3.4 million  , Dexter  3.1 million  , How I Met Your Mother  3.0 million  , Suits  2.6 million  , Homeland  2.4 million  , Vikings  2.3 million  , and Arrow  2.2 million  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Game of Thrones " once again tops the list of most pirated shows HBO exec has called it a "  compliment of sorts " Other top shows include "  Breaking Bad " and "  The Walking Dead "
CNN  -- Two years removed from his disastrous 2012 presidential bid , Rick Perry is fully recovered from back surgery , sporting new glasses , reengaging with the Republican conservative base , and showing signs that he 's considering another run for the White House . Immigration policy helped sink the Texas governor 's previous bid , but it has now put him back in the spotlight . He met on Wednesday with President Barack Obama , who 's under fire over the surge of undocumented minors on the southern border . Obama accepted Perry 's offer for a sit-down following a sharp exchange with the White House . Last week , White House spokesman Josh Earnest mocked his message on immigration , saying "  the truth is it 's hard to take seriously Governor Perry 's concerns . " Perry points to his state 's long border with Mexico as ground zero for the crush of mostly children entering the United States illegally . "  My message to President Obama is to secure this border , Mr. President . Finally address this issue and secure this border , " Perry said last week at a congressional hearing near the border in McAllen , Texas . But he may have disappointed fellow conservatives when he said that he was "  tired of pointing fingers and blaming people . " He added , "  I hope what we can do is come up with some solutions here . " Perry used more muscular language days later when he said , "  this is a failure of diplomacy . It is a failure of leadership from the administration in Washington , D.C. " Jeff Miller , a senior Perry political adviser , told CNN that Perry "  is not saying anything different than what he 's being advocating since 2010 -- that ` we 've got to secure this border . There 's a crisis going on . ' " Obama wants $ 3.7 billion for immigration crisis But Miller said the current crisis is giving Perry a larger platform . "  Right now , because of the huge influx of these children crossing the border from Mexico , the media 's paying more attention and more of the public is seeing the crisis the governor has been dealing with for years . Not a lot has changed , but now more people are listening to what the governor 's saying , " Miller said . Immigration helped sink Perry in 2012 While a real front-burner issue in his state , Perry is also seeing political stars align . Immigration was the issue that damaged him more than any other when he ran for president last time , people close to him say . Perry launched his presidential campaign in August 2011 , months after former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and the rest of the field of candidates had jumped in . Perry entered with lots of buzz and armed with big bucks and big name backers , and he quickly soared in national polls . But good times were fleeting , as Perry soon ran headfirst into Romney on illegal immigration . In a debate a month later , Perry defended his support for government-funded tuition at state schools for undocumented immigrants . He argued that if you did n't support such a move , "  I do n't think you have a heart . " But some of his Republican rivals considered that soft . "  Governor Perry , you say you have got the experience . It 's a bit like saying that , you know , the college coach that has lost 40 games in a row has the experience to go to the NFL , " said Romney at another debate . Rick Perry 's busy summer "  The truth is , California -- I 'll say it again , California and Florida have both had no increase in illegal immigration and yours is up 60 percent . " Romney added . Sources close to Perry tell CNN they believe that moment did more to hurt Perry with GOP primary voters than any other . Still , Perry suffered a more memorable blow with an epic gaffe in a November 2011 debate , when he forgot the third of three federal government departments that he had said he would eliminate . Perry 's campaign limped on , but he called it quits after a disappointing fourth in the Iowa caucuses and fifth in the New Hampshire primary . Political resurrection ? Fast forward two years . Perry decides not to run for re-election and is again making his pitch to conservative voters . "  I have a simple suggestion -- It is time for a little rebellion on the battlefield of ideas , " Perry told the base at this year 's Conservative Political Action Conference . And Perry 's summer travel plans hint toward a 2016 bid . He recently made his third trip over the past year to South Carolina -- the state the holds the first southern primary . The visit to the Palmetto State precedes upcoming stops this summer in Iowa and New Hampshire . Perry even hosted a group of more than a dozen key New Hampshire Republicans at the Governor 's Mansion in Austin a few weeks ago to wine and dine them , CNN is told . When he goes to the Granite State next month , it will be his first trip there since 2012 , when he failed to make much of an impression at all on voters there . A veteran New Hampshire Republican ally setting up New Hampshire meetings tells CNN they are consciously doing things differently this time . They 're opting for a manner more conducive to the way New Hampshire voters like to be approached , in a series of small , intimate meetings . But the tactical shortcomings from 2012 is not the only thing he 's trying to improve ahead of another possible candidacy -- it 's also his readiness on a policy level . Perry urges Congress , Obama to work together on border security Perry sources admit that he simply was n't up to speed on many of the key issues that confront a candidate , never mind a president . To overcome that , he now has multiple policy briefings a week , every week on issues ranging from economic policy , to education , to the environment to national security . One source tells CNN that if he is traveling and there is a think tank nearby , he will make a point of stopping for a briefing from experts . Perry has also been trying to do more international travel , attending the highbrow annual World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , going to Israel , and planning a trip later this year to China . But it 's firestorm over immigration that may give Perry his biggest opportunity for political resurrection . Miller downplayed any impact from the current immigration crisis on a potential 2016 bid , saying "  to me these are two completely separate issues . " But GOP analyst Ana Navarro , a CNN contributor who 's close to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , another possible 2016 GOP presidential contender , said "  Perry embodies an interesting dynamic regarding immigration . "  He 's a border enforcement guy with the experience of being a border state governor , but he 's also shown compassion towards the human angle of the immigration debate , " she said . Navarro added that "  If he can somehow walk that tight rope , and be eloquent as to how he defends his position , it can show him as a pragmatist and be helpful . " Reality check : 5 things you need to know about immigration crisis What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration CNN Films : Undocumented	New glasses , repaired back , Rick Perry is on the move He is reengaging with the GOP 's conservative base Immigration helped sink his 2012 presidential campaign But it 's putting him back in the spotlight now with his Obama meeting
CNN  -- Rick Lyke was diagnosed with prostate cancer when he was 47 . His response was to set up "  Pints for Prostates , " an organization that uses the universal language of beer to reach men with its message about the importance of prostate cancer screening . In 2008 , at the insistence of a colleague with prostate cancer , Lyke , from Charlotte , North Carolina , had himself tested for illness , even though he had no health problems . His doctor was initially reluctant to have him tested , as men under the age of 50 are n't considered to a high-risk group for prostate cancer , but tests came back positive and Lyke needed surgery to remove the cancer . His surgeon said that if Lyke had waited until he was 50 to be screened , he would probably have only lived another two or three years . "  I 'm doing great now , " Lyke told CNN . "  I have to get tested every six months for the next 15 years , but I really feel like I dodged a bullet . " Prostate cancer affects one in six men American men , with 27,000 Americans expected to die from the disease this year . The American Cancer Society believes health care professionals should discuss the potential benefits and limitations of prostate cancer early detection testing with men before any testing begins . It says that should include an offer for yearly testing with the prostate-specific antigen blood test and digital rectal exam , beginning at age 50 , to men who are at average risk of prostate cancer and have at least a 10-year life expectancy . But Lyke says other groups recommend that men should be screened once they reach their forties . "  I think it 's a financial issue in a lot of cases rather than a health issue as to why that guideline is 50 , " he told CNN . "  The fact of the matter is not many men are going to have prostate cancer in their forties , but for those who do , if they wait until they 're 50 to be tested , their numbers are n't going to look very good . " Lyke founded "  Pints for Prostates " to spread the message about need for regular prostate health screenings . The organization travels to beer festivals and tries to engage with men in an informal way . "  Beer is a universal thing for men , " Lyke told CNN . "  Where women get together and talk about health issues , men really do n't , so we try to use an atmosphere like a pub , where guys are a little bit more relaxed , to talk about prostate cancer . " He says prostate cancer is a highly personal disease for men , in much the same way that breast cancer is for women . Treatment for prostate cancer can sometimes result in impotence . "  The pink ribbon campaign has really made it possible for women to talk about breast cancer , so we 're trying to do the same thing for guys . They need permission to talk about it , " said Lyke . As well as setting up stalls at beer festivals and organizing events in pubs , "  Pints for Prostates " has run adverts in magazines and Lyke estimates its message has reached about 30 million people . A year after his own surgery , Lyke 's first granddaughter was born . He is aware that by being screened for prostate cancer he has vastly improved his chances of seeing her grow up , and he hopes that by encouraging other men to be tested he will give them a similar opportunity . He told CNN , "  I 'm hoping that there 's a whole bunch of other guys out there who 'll be able to experience the same thing -LSB- as me -RSB- -- see their families grow up and grow old . " Mark Tutton contributed to this report	Rick Lyke set up "  Pints for Prostates " after being diagnosed with prostate cancer The organization travels to beer festivals to educate men about the disease Prostate cancer affects on in six men American men and screening is recommended for men over 50
Carlos Enrique Londoo laughs at the Ku Klux Klan recruitment flier recently left on the driveway of his suburban New York home . It 's unlikely the group would accept him . "  I 'm Colombian and dark-skinned , " said Londoo , a painter and construction worker who has lived in Hampton Bays on Long Island for 30 years . The flier was tucked into a plastic bag along with a membership application , the address for the KKK national office in North Carolina , a list of beliefs and three Jolly Rancher candies . The packages appear to be part of a wider recruitment effort by the Klan across the country , Ryan Lenz , senior writer for the Southern Poverty Law Center , told CNN on Saturday . Similar fliers have turned up in dozens of U.S. cities over the past six months , Lenz said . The SPLC was founded by civil rights lawyers , and is known for tracking and exposing the activities of such groups . The SPLC says the Ku Klux Klan is the most infamous and oldest of American hate groups . African-Americans have been the main target of the historically violent group , but the Klan also has targeted Jews , immigrants , gays , lesbians and Catholics . The center estimates that there are between 5,000 and 8,000 Klan members nationwide , divided among dozens of divergent and warring groups . "  Since the 1970s the Klan has been greatly weakened by internal conflicts , court cases , a seemingly endless series of splits and government infiltration , " the SPLC says on its website . The Klan 's Loyal White Knights , the same group touted on the applications sprinkled on front lawns in Hampton Bays , has started major recruitment efforts , according to Lenz . Renewed efforts after Ferguson shooting , unrest ? Lenz suspects the Klan may be seizing on a moment when the issues of race and immigration are dominant in the national debate . The group may be seeking to capitalize on growing racial tension to garner support , he said . Some Klan members even vowed to head to Ferguson , Missouri , to stand in the solidarity with a white police officer who shot an unarmed black teenager on August 9 , Lenz said . The shooting death drew international attention as the St. Louis suburb erupted with sometimes violent protests and a heavy-handed police response . Calls seeking comment from Klan headquarters in Pelham , North Carolina , were not returned Saturday . In New York , the Southampton Town Police said it had contacted the Suffolk County Police Department 's hate crimes unit about the fliers . Londoo said the Klan appeared eager to send a message in the predominantly white town . "  It seems they want the white community to know that Latinos are moving in , " he said . "  People are coming here for the work and that does not sit well with them and they feel intimidated . " Hampton Bays resident Karen Fritsch said the fliers included faded-ink "  crude  and  ridiculous " caricatures that appeared aimed at blacks , Latinos and Jewish people . "  It says , beware , we want your jobs , we want your home and we want your country , " Fritsch said of the message . Fritsch said she was shocked when her husband found the small package on her front lawn last week . "  It 's terrible that my neighbors had to receive something like that , " Frisch said of the Londoos . "  I really want no part of that . Why would anyone want to be part of a hate group ? " Fliers part of a ` national night ride ' The Klan has targeted other cities . In Orange , California , just south of Angel Stadium , residents last month received fliers in sealed plastic bags , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . The message on the fliers was "  Save our land , join the Klan " and included a phone number and website in Pelham , KTLA reported . The group said it was focused on illegal immigration from Mexico . The voicemail on the hotline associated with the flier closes with the message : "  Always remember : If it ai n't white , it ai n't right . White power . " In Seneca , South Carolina , some residents last month received bags with fliers and candy , CNN affiliate WHNS reported . The packages directed people to a "  Klan Hotline " number that ended with the same recorded "  white power " message , the station reported . Robert Jones , the "  Imperial Klaliff " of the Loyal White Knights sect , told WHNS that the effort was part of the Klan 's "  national night ride " -- a recruitment event that happens three times a year . Jones said recruitment efforts were not aimed at specific people and that residents "  should n't be fearful unless they 're doing something that the Klan considers morally wrong , " according to WHNS . In Katy , Texas , residents early last month received fliers inviting them to "  join the fight to protect U.S. borders , " according to CNN affiliate KPRC . Damian Neveaux , who is African-American , found a flier and called the number because he , too , was concerned about border security , KPRC reported . He reached a Klan representative who told him he would not be allowed to join . " ` The only way you can become a member is if you 're 100 percent Caucasian , " Neveaux recalled the Klan member telling him , according to KPRC . "  This flier was n't meant for you . ' " Store defends flag likened to Ku Klux Klan outfit Can this KKK leader rebrand ?	Ku Klux Klan recruitment fliers are turning up on driveways across the country Fliers , usually left with candies , appear to be part of a wider recruitment effort The Klan may be seizing on a time when race and immigration are dominant issues , some say
CNN  With one 4 1/2 - hour flight Friday , the new spacecraft series that NASA hopes will take astronauts to Mars passed its first test above Earth . NASA 's Orion capsule -- part of America 's bid to take crews beyond low-Earth orbit for the first time since the Apollo missions -- splashed down in the Pacific Ocean on Friday morning after lapping the planet twice on an uncrewed test flight . The cone-shaped craft , slowed by a series of parachutes , settled onto the water at 8:29 a.m. PT  11:29 a.m. ET  about 600 miles southwest of San Diego . "  America has driven a golden spike as it crosses a bridge into the future , " a NASA announcer said as the capsule bobbed on the ocean 's surface during the agency 's TV broadcast of the event . The flight took Orion farther from Earth than any craft designed for human flight since the Apollo 17 mission to the moon in 1972 -- a confidence builder for a program that NASA hopes will take its first human crew into space in 2021 . "  It appears that Orion and the Delta IV Heavy  rocket  were nearly flawless , " program manager Mark Geyer told reporters . Orion , a crew module designed to carry up to six astronauts , soared into the Florida sky at 7:05 a.m. ET from Cape Canaveral atop a Delta IV Heavy rocket . The assembly shed its boosters before the rocket 's second stage lifted Orion into low-Earth orbit in minutes . Two hours later , a milestone : The second stage lifted Orion higher for its second orbit , about 3,600 miles above Earth , or 15 times higher than the International Space Station . "  A human-rated system has n't gone that far since 1972 . ... That reminded us that here we are again , now , the United States leading exploration out into the solar system , " Geyer said . After the splashdown , crews from two Navy recovery ships were working to collect the craft . It was a crucial test for the capsule : NASA wants to prove flight and re-entry abilities before it carries astronauts . Charles Bolden Op Ed : NASA 's Mars milestone Beyond the moon The Orion crew module , which looks like a throwback to the Apollo era , but roomier , could take astronauts back to the moon , but also far beyond . Related : Thousands of spaceships could colonize Mars One of Orion 's tasks might be to send astronauts to an asteroid -- perhaps one that NASA would first robotically redirect to orbit around the moon . NASA says it hopes that Orion , pushed by a more powerful rocket system under development , will send astronauts to an asteroid in the 2020s . NASA hopes Orion later will send astronauts to Mars ' moons , and , eventually , to the Red Planet itself . While NASA focuses on deeper space , private space companies such as SpaceX are expected to take over the space shuttles ' old job of ferrying astronauts and supplies to the International Space Station in low-Earth orbit . When it becomes fully operational , Orion 's crew module will be able to carry four people on a 21-day mission into deep space , or six astronauts for shorter missions . By comparison , the Apollo crew modules held three astronauts and were in space for six to 12 days . Orion 's crew module is 16.5 feet in diameter and Apollo was 12.8 feet in diameter , NASA said . Data to sift Friday 's launch came a day after NASA scrubbed its first attempt because of a failure of some valves in the boosters to close . Those valves , which allow fuel to flow into the boosters before launch , are supposed to close just before liftoff . Engineers and scientists will examine all sorts of data -- including those collected by on-board recorders -- to determine how well the capsule performed Friday . This includes how well the heat shield -- which keeps the capsule from burning up on re-entry -- held up . "  We know it worked , " Geyer said , "  but the specifics of how well ... will take time to investigate . " Though Orion 's first flight did n't have people on it , it did n't go up empty . It carried the names of more than a million people packed on a dime-sized microchip . "  Sesame Street " sent up some mementos to inspire students about spaceflight , including Cookie Monster 's cookie and Ernie 's rubber ducky . Also aboard : an oxygen hose from an Apollo 11 lunar spacesuit and a small sample of lunar soil . A Tyrannosaurus rex fossil from the Denver Science Museum made the trip , and lockers were filled with flags , coins , patches , poetry and music . Related : CNN special report : The Future of Travel	Orion splashes down 600 miles southwest of San Diego New spacecraft orbits Earth twice on its first test flight Orion went father from Earth than any craft designed for human since 1972 Valve problems scrubbed Orion test launch on Thursday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Larry Flynt 's Hustler magazine claimed credit for exposing Sen. David Vitter 's connection to the "  D.C. Madam " Tuesday , saying Vitter confessed after a journalist reported finding the senator 's number in the escort service 's phone records . Sen. David Vitter apologized after his telephone number appeared among those linked to an escort service . "  Larry Flynt 's ongoing investigation into the dirty secrets of prominent elected officials has exposed another hypocrite , " Hustler said . Vitter , R-Louisiana , admitted Monday that his telephone number turned up in the phone records of an escort service run by Deborah Jeane Palfrey , though he did not say he had sex with a prostitute . The records date from before he won his Senate seat in 2004 . "  This was a very serious sin in my past for which I am , of course , completely responsible , " Vitter said in a statement given to reporters Monday night . "  Several years ago , I asked for and received forgiveness from God and from my wife in confession and marriage counseling . " Vitter , 46 , represented New Orleans suburbs in the House of Representatives from 1999 to 2004 , when he ran for the Senate . He is married and has four children . Watch what some in Vitter 's state say about the admission " Vitter was one of the top backers of a failed constitutional amendment that would have banned same-sex marriage and serves as the Southern regional chairman of former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's presidential campaign . In his Monday statement , he offered his "  deep and sincere apologies to all I have disappointed and let down in any way . " Palfrey was indicted in March on charges of money laundering and racketeering stemming from her business , Pamela Martin & Associates , which prosecutors allege was involved in prostitution . Palfrey has denied the charges , saying she operated a legitimate escort service . In an effort to raise money for her legal defense , Palfrey tried to sell a telephone list containing names of more than 10,000 clients . A judge blocked her from selling the information , but she provided some of the documents to media outlets . Dan Moldea , an investigative journalist working with Palfrey on a book , told CNN that he discovered Vitter 's number in Palfrey 's phone records and passed the information to Flynt . "  I had no idea who he was prior to then , although I 'm sure he was a client and he 's stated accordingly , but I do n't remember this man , " Palfrey said . Hustler said an editor at the magazine called Vitter 's office for a response Monday evening , spurring Vitter to issue his statement to The Associated Press . Paul Colford , a spokesman for the wire service , said Vitter 's statement "  came into the AP 's New Orleans bureau without prior contact from the AP . " Flynt took out a full-page ad in The Washington Post in June to offer $ 1 million for "  documented evidence of illicit sexual or intimate relations with a congressman or senator . " Flynt launched a similar campaign in 1998 in an effort to counter the drive to impeach then-President Bill Clinton over allegations that he had lied about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky . Moldea worked with Flynt in that effort as well . Moldea told CNN that he is a paid consultant for Flynt and Hustler and is not eligible for the $ 1 million prize . Hustler 's search led to the resignation of House Speaker-designate Robert Livingston -- whose congressional seat Vitter won the next year . "  Flynt 's team is currently continuing its investigation into improprieties by other high-ranking elected officials , " Hustler announced . Vitter is the first lawmaker known to be linked to Palfrey 's business , though State Department official Randall Tobias -- who promoted abstinence education as head of the Bush administration 's effort to curb the spread of AIDS -- resigned in May after confirming he patronized Palfrey 's business . Campaigning in New Hampshire on Tuesday , Giuliani said Vitter 's apparent connection to the Palfrey case was a "  personal issue . " But he admitted , "  Some people disappoint you . " Vitter 's disclosure follows the June resignation of Giuliani 's South Carolina campaign chairman , State Treasurer Thomas Ravenel , who was indicted on cocaine charges . Giuliani told reporters Tuesday "  it 's too early to tell " if Vitter will leave his campaign , and said he should not be judged on the problems of some people associated with his campaign or with his administration as New York mayor . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Sean Callebs , Steve Brusk and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Magazine says its phone call prompted senator 's confession Publisher Larry Flynt had offered reward for information Journalist working on book with alleged madam notified Flynt Sen. David Vitter admits his phone number appears in escort service 's records
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When Michael Jackson died unexpectedly two years ago , his fans worldwide erupted in a torrent of grief , anguish and -- in tribute to the pop icon -- song and dance . On Monday , there were hugs , tears and shrieks of joy among his fans packed outside a Southern California courtroom after a jury found Jackson 's physician , Conrad Murray , guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the singer 's death . Jury finds Murray guilty "  Oh my God , guilty ! " one woman yelled out , seconds after the verdict was announced . Others appeared to almost break out in song ; some seemed to start dancing ; and a chant soon rose up of "  Justice , justice , justice . " The honking horns and revelry were in contrast to the quiet scene inside Los Angeles Superior Court , where Judge Michael Pastor had earlier urged people to constrain their emotions . But there were no such restrictions outside . Hundreds had packed the streets and sidewalks earlier in the day anticipating a verdict . Many held signs calling for Murray 's conviction , like one saying , "  Murray , burn in hell . " A long banner held out by several people had a simpler , more sentimental message : "  We miss Michael . " They were joined by throngs of photographers and videographers . Many flanked a walkway to the courtroom , their flashbulbs popping as Jackson family members , lawyers and others hurriedly walked into the courthouse to learn Murray 's fate . The Los Angeles County Coroner 's office reported in June 2009 that the entertainer had died after suffering cardiac arrest . Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with two sedatives , the coroner ruled . But Murray was eventually indicted , as prosecutors claimed he was criminally negligent in giving Jackson excess amounts of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat the singer 's insomnia . When the jury decided in the prosecution 's favor , the emotions spilled over on the streets as people yelled out , burst into tears and smiled . "  I 'm so happy , " one woman , who had traveled to California from Memphis , Tennessee , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell outside the courthouse . "  Michael deserves justice . " One of the late singer 's sisters , LaToya Jackson , thanked all those involved in Murray 's conviction , which she called a "  victory . " "  Everybody was wonderful , " she said as she left the courthouse . Her brother Randy Jackson said "  justice was served , " while opining that Murray should have to serve more than even the four-year maximum that he could get . "  Michael is with us , " Randy Jackson said . And Kathy Hilton , a friend of the Jackson family and mother of Paris Hilton , said while leaving the courthouse that the verdict was bittersweet , though still satisfying . "  At least they 'll feel some kind of relief , some kind of closure , " she told HLN , referring to Jackson 's parents , Joe and Katherine . The reaction was equally swift and emotional online and outside Los Angeles . Melissa Fazli , a CNN iReporter and student at California State University , Fullerton , said she broke into tears on hearing the news . "  It 's really sad to know that Conrad Murray , because of his negligence , took Michael Jackson away , " Fazli said , expressing hope that it might dissuade "  doctor-shopping " that might lead people to get more drugs than they can safely have . "  That 's why I cried . " On social networking sites like Twitter , the reaction was likewise fast , furious and emotional . "  Next time do n't be so greedy Conrad Murray ! Guilty ! " wrote one such commenter on Twitter , former MTV VJ and hip-hop personality Ed Lover . Hip-hop artist Nicki Minaj offered a restrained reaction on her Twitter feed , saying , "  People are cheering , but there really are no winners here . This has been an utter tragedy from beginning to end . " John Branca and John McClain , the co-executors of Jackson 's estate , released a statement on Michaeljackson.com in which they lauded the verdict and remembered the singer as "  the greatest entertainer that has ever lived . " "  The estate of Michael Jackson and Michael himself has always believed the jury system works and despite the tragedy that brought about this trial we are in agreement with the jury 's verdict , " they wrote . " In this case , justice has been served . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Michael 's brother Randy says , "  Michael is with us " NEW : Nicki Minaj tweets , "  There really are no winners here " A jury finds Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter in singer 's death People yelled out , sang and danced after the decision was announced
She was a contender , at least in hearts and headlines . At 16 , Malala Yousafzai would have become the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize , if she had been awarded it Friday . In addition , she would have been the youngest winner ever of a Nobel Prize in any category . Instead , the Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded it to the international chemical weapons watchdog that is destroying poison gas stockpiles in Syria -- the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . Malala apparently feels like the OPCW deserves it . A message went out on a Twitter account representing her to congratulate the OPCW and thank it for its "  wonderful work for humanity . " The activist from Pakistan , who has stood defiant against the Taliban in the face of death since age 11 , has become a global figurehead for a girl 's right to an education . A year ago , an Islamist militant shot her in the head . It looked like she would die . This week , headlines cheered for her to win the peace prize . She was modest about her own prospects of winning and felt receiving the prize at this point in her life would be premature , she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that airs Sunday at 7 p.m. "  I think that it 's really an early age , " Malala said . But there 's always later . She wants to do more to earn it first . "  I would feel proud , when I would work for education , when I would have done something , when I would be feeling confident to tell people , ` Yes ! I have built that school ; I have done that teachers ' training , I have sent that  many  children to school , ' " she said . "  Then if I get the Nobel Peace Prize , I will be saying , Yeah , I deserve it , somehow . " The comment drew warm laughter from the audience . Malala for Prime Minister Despite her diffidence with regards to the peace prize , Malala is very ambitious . "  I want to become a Prime Minister of Pakistan , and I think it 's really good . Because through politics I can serve my whole county . I can be the doctor of the whole country , " she said . But greedier politicians be forewarned . If Malala held the highest office in the land , the money would probably not flow into the pockets of cronies or pork barrel projects . Her political ambitions seem to stop short of personal gain . "  I can spend much of the money from the budget on education , " she told Amanpour . It appears that becoming prime minister is a means to the end she has dedicated her life to . Malala has accomplished much for education in her short life , which she has imperiled to do so . The Taliban did n't want girls to go to school . They banned it in 2009 in her native Swat Valley , which is when Malala 's plight and her activism began . Her father , a teacher who ran schools for girls , taught her that she was stronger than what or whom she feared . She kept going to school and speaking out for education , and she wrote an anonymous blog for the BBC about her harrowing experiences . The Taliban came by on house raids , and she had to hide her books . Her country honored her with the National Peace Prize in 2011 for standing up to them . Her defiance enraged the militants . The assassin A year ago , on October 9 , 2012 , they sent a gunman after her , while she was riding home from school . He stopped the improvised school bus and stepped inside . Malala recalled the moment of terror to Amanpour . "  He asked , ` Who is Malala ? ' He did not give me time to answer his question . " What happened next may have been a bit blurry for her , but her best friend Moniba later told her . Malala grasped Moniba 's hand tightly and pushed hard against it . She was silent , Moniba told her , as the gunman opened fire at near point-blank range . "  He fired three bullets , " Malala recalled . "  One bullet hit me in the left side of my forehead , just above here , and it went down through my neck and into my shoulder . " It left behind lasting damage to her ear drum and facial nerve . "  But still if I look at  it  , it 's a miracle , " Malala said . She is alive and smiling with no major brain or spinal damage . Emergency surgery in Pakistan saved her life . She was flown to the UK for further treatment . World cause While she recovered , the world rallied around her and powerful leaders , from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , rallied to her cause . She has already partnered with the United Nations on a program to promote global education with the motto , "  I am Malala . " This week , marking the anniversary of her shooting , she published her memoir under the same title . On Wednesday , the Pakistani Taliban threatened to attack any bookstore that sells it . On Monday , they threatened to kill her again . She may not have won the Nobel Prize on Friday , but the European Parliament awarded her the Andrei Sakharov Prize on Thursday for standing up to an oppressive power . And a Nobel could still be in her future . Committee chairman Thorbjorn Jagland in Oslo told CNN that she could be in the running in years to come . She already knows what she would do with the prize money . "  A Nobel Peace Prize would help me to begin this campaign for girls ' education , " she told Amanpour . In the long run , Malala plans to hold out for an even bigger award . "  But the real call , the most precious call , that I want to get and for which I 'm thirsting and for which I want to struggle hard , that is the award to see every child to go to school , that is the award of peace and education for every child . And for that , I will struggle and I will work hard . "	Malala Yousafzai would have been the youngest recipient of any Nobel Prize She is modest , saying getting it now would have been early , as she wants to work for it first She would like to be Pakistan 's Prime Minister , so she can spend more on education for all After the Taliban shot her , the world and powerful leaders rallied around her cause
Dozens of children are among the latest victims of the Syrian civil war after barrel bombs fell on an elementary school Wednesday , dissidents said . Syrian forces dropped the bombs on an opposition-held area of Aleppo , the country 's largest city , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC said 25 children died . Barrel bombs typically consist of barrels stuffed with explosives and objects such as nails to maximize carnage . A video posted by opposition activists showed what appeared to be a pool of blood and a side of a building reduced to rubble . Another concrete wall featuring a drawing of a child was peppered with holes . A pile of chairs and debris was covered in red . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency made no mention of such an attack on its website Wednesday . Instead , it featured a story about President Bashar al-Assad and his wife hosting a reception for parents of sons who died while defending the "  homeland . " "  The citizens ' willingness to offer the most precious issue they own to defend Syria and not allowing to sabotage it was one of the most important reasons behind steadfastness of the country in the face of most powerful powers , " al-Assad said , according to SANA . Al-Nusra claims responsibility for attack The jihadist group al-Nusra Front claimed responsibility Wednesday for twin car bombings the day before that killed at least 79 civilians in the al-Zahra neighborhood of Homs , dissidents said . Another 21 fighters from the government-funded , Alawite-manned National Defense Force were killed , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The dual blasts Tuesday were among the deadliest attacks in an Alawite-dominated area . Al-Assad is a member of the Alawite religious sect , which is an offshoot of Shia Islam . Al-Nusra detailed the attack in a statement Wednesday . "  The first car was detonated on time in order to kill the maximum number of Shabiha  al-Assad 's militiamen  in addition to the huge material damage , " the statement read . As rescuers rushed to the scene , "  the second car bomb detonated , blasting their hideouts to be the knockout punch that finished off whoever survived the first explosion since the two cars were parked in a manner aimed to cause the highest casualty number possible in their ranks so they can live the pain and suffering our people have been living . " Al-Nusra ended its statement with an ominous threat : "  We promise the Alawites and all of those who support them that there will be MORE to come . " Presidential election looming Al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for 43 years , recently registered his candidacy for another term . The president succeeded his father in 2000 and won a second term in 2007 , unopposed . Syria 's presidential election is scheduled for June 3 . As of Wednesday , 17 candidates have registered , SANA said . But the United Nations is asking the government to reconsider the election as the carnage continues to mount every day . Well over 100,000 people , including many civilians , have died in Syria 's three-year civil war , the United Nations said . On Wednesday alone , at least 29 people were killed , the LCC said . So far , all attempts to stop the fighting between government forces and rebels seeking al-Assad 's ouster have failed .	Activists : The barrel bombs fell on a school in an opposition-held part of Aleppo Al-Nusra Front claims responsibility for Tuesday 's twin car bombings in Homs The car bombs exploded in an Alawite neighborhood ; President al-Assad is Alawite The Homs attack killed 79 civilians and 21 pro-government fighters , dissidents say
CNN  -- Two men featured on the cover of the New York Post following the Boston bombing under the headline , "  Bag Men , " are suing the newspaper , according to court papers . Lawyers for Salaheddin Barhoum , 16 , and Yassine Zaimi , 24 , took aim at the New York Post at a news conference Thursday . "  The New York Post accused our clients of being the men with the bombs in their bags and that is libel , " said C. William Barrett , Zaimi 's lawyer . Both filed a defamation lawsuit against the New York Post on Wednesday over photographs and articles published three days after the Boston bombing that made it appear that FBI agents were looking for them . The picture on the front page of the April 18 edition of the New York Post shows the two men standing next to each other . One carried a backpack and wore a hat , the other had a gym bag over his shoulder . According to the complaint filed in Suffolk Superior Court in Massachusetts , "  The front page would lead a reasonable reader to believe that plaintiffs had bombs in their bags , that they were involved in causing the Boston Marathon bombing . " In the complaint , lawyers for the plaintiffs accuse the New York Post of libel , negligent infliction of emotional distress and invasion of privacy . The plaintiffs are seeking damages , including unspecified monetary compensation . Boston bombing survivor meets woman she says saved her life As a result of the New York Post 's actions , the plaintiffs were "  put in fear for their lives and suffered harm , including but not limited to damage to their reputations and ongoing extreme emotional distress , " according to the complaint . The New York Post referred CNN to its April 18 statement from Editor-in-Chief Col Allan : "  We stand by our story . The image was e-mailed to law enforcement agencies yesterday afternoon seeking information about these men , as our story reported . We did not identify them as suspects . " Following the bombing , federal authorities issued a release to news media to exercise caution when reporting information about the investigation and to go through the appropriate official channels to verify developments . Barhoum is a high school sophomore and Zaimi works full time while attending night school . The lawsuit states that both are lawful permanent residents of the United States . Boston fire chief resigns after criticism of bombing response Being avid runners , the friends went to the finish line to watch the elite runners complete the Boston Marathon . They carried their own running gear in their backpacks , according to the lawsuit . Photos of the plaintiffs started to circulate on several social media sites in the days following the bombing . Upon learning this , they both voluntarily went to the police . Authorities questioned both men , told then they were not suspects , and sent them home , the lawsuit says . The next day , their picture appeared on the New York Post 's front page with the sub headline "  Feds seek this duo pictured at Boston Marathon . " Inside the newspaper were two other pictures , one with their faces circled . Zaimi went to work unaware , and was approached by his office manager who told him about the Post 's front page . "  He immediately started shaking , his mouth went dry , and he felt as though he was having a panic attack , " the lawsuit says . While on his way home from work , the complaint says Zaimi was identified by a man waiting next to him at the train station . Barhoum was on school vacation and participating in a track meet , unaware of the New York Post 's coverage , according to the filing . When he returned home , there was a large crowd of reporters outside his home asking him questions him about being a marathon bombing suspect . One of members of the media showed him the front page and according to the complaint , he "  became terrified , began to shake and sweat , and felt dizzy and nauseous . " Later that same day , authorities released photographs of Boston bombing suspects Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Parents of Boston bombing suspect share phone call with son	Boston bombing suspects turned out to be different "  The New York Post accused our clients of being the men with the bombs , " lawyer says Both file defamation lawsuit against the New York Post Newspaper says it stands by its story
CNN  -- For the past year , Laura Miller has been living a double life of sorts : administrative assistant by day , secret agent of kindness by night . The 32-year-old Duquesne University employee only recently revealed herself as the woman behind "  Secret Agent L , " a giver of random acts of kindness that has been brightening the days of unsuspecting Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , residents since July 2009 . The project began , Miller says , with the birthday of one of her blog readers who had become a close friend . But instead of asking for the latest book on the best-seller list or an iTunes gift card , the friend suggested Miller perform an act of kindness in her name . So with a single , lavender hydrangea bloom tucked under the windshield wipers of a random vehicle , Secret Agent L was born . Miller used her friend 's birthday idea to launch a new blog documenting subsequent secret missions , posting photos of the gifts -- all inexpensive to fit within her administrative assistant salary -- that have included $ 5 Starbucks gift cards , a roll of quarters at a laundromat and decorative cards emblazoned with uplifting quotes . The gifts are all tagged with a business card printed in "  secret agent-y " type , she laughs . Her tagline : "  All-Around Swell Chick . " The blog -- with the help of Twitter -- took off , and Miller now has about 80 "  Affiliated Agents " across the United States and abroad who are implementing the idea in their cities . Her favorite mission came on Valentine 's Day when she took blank notecards and wrote inspirational messages about how the holiday "  is n't just about romantic love . " "  I wanted people to know that today 's the day you can celebrate love for your own family , your own friends and your own life , " she says . "  I left them all over the city , and I just thought it felt so good . " She tries to do at least one mission a week , but notes "  if I had the money , I would do it every single day , " calling the project "  one of the greatest honors of my life . " Miller says she decided to reveal her double life at a coming-out party last month to help advance her charitable efforts . The party was a fundraiser for the National Alliance on Mental Illness , an organization "  near and dear " to Miller , she told HLN 's "  Prime News " on Wednesday . More than $ 1,500 was raised , she said . "  I think people are so hungry to not feel alone and not feel weird and that they do n't matter , " she says . "  I think people really want to feel valued and noticed because there 's so much hurt out there and my project is an attempt to heal some of that . " She hopes her anonymous gifts will help at least bring smiles to those going through a tough time -- though she never sticks around to see who finds them . "  I think that 's part of the fun -- it 's just sort of putting the gift there and leaving , and just knowing that somebody 's going to get it and it does n't matter who , " she says . She often receives e-mails afterwards from gift recipients to her secret agent account . "  One of the sort of themes that I 've noticed in these e-mails is that they all seem to find things on days when they 're having a really bad day , " she says . Mission : Accomplished .	Laura Miller has been giving anonymous gifts of kindness for the past year She recently revealed herself as "  Secret Agent L " to expand her charitable efforts Her project has spread to cities worldwide with the help of "  Affiliated Agents "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- After months of tough negotiations and intense political wrangling , Iraqi lawmakers Thursday approved the U.S.-Iraqi security agreement , a pact that allows the presence of American troops in Iraq for three more years . Iraqis in a coffee shop watch the Iraqi parliament on television on Thursday . The vote -- which now needs unanimous ratification from the country 's three-member presidency council -- comes after a compromise on a reform package that Sunni Arab politicians demanded in return for their backing of the agreement . There were 198 lawmakers from the 275-member parliament present for the vote ; 149 of them voted for the security pact , which is to replace a U.N. mandate that expires at the end of year . The proposal , reached after months of negotiations between Iraqi and U.S. representatives , sets June 30 , 2009 , as the deadline for U.S. combat troops to withdraw from all Iraqi cities and towns . The date for all U.S. troops to leave Iraq would be December 31 , 2011 . The agreement -- which stresses respect for Iraqi sovereignty -- "  requests the temporary assistance " of U.S. forces , but severely restricts their role . It says that all military operations are to be carried out with the agreement of Iraq and must be "  fully coordinated " with Iraqis . A Joint Military Operations Coordination Committee would oversee military operations . Iraq has the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. forces "  for grave premeditated felonies , " the agreement says . Suspects would be held by U.S. forces but must be available to Iraqi authorities for investigation or trial . Iraq also would have the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. contractors and their employees . Also , it says , "  Iraqi land , sea and air should n't be used as a launching or transit point for attacks against other countries . " Parliament also passed another U.S.-Iraqi bilateral pact called the strategic framework agreement , along with the reform legislation . Lawmakers also OK 'd a referendum on the progress of the security agreement to be held by the end of July . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan C. Crocker and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. military official in Iraq , issued a statement welcoming the passage of the security pact and the strategic framework agreement -- which covers a wide range of bilateral cooperation efforts . The two congratulated the lawmakers and said they look forward to the security pact 's ratification by the presidency council . "  Taken together , these two agreements formalize a strong and equal partnership between the United States and Iraq , " their statement said . "  They provide the means to secure the significant security gains we have achieved together and to deter future aggression . "  They establish a framework for cooperation in the fields of defense , political relations , economics , trade , culture , education , the rule of law , health , the environment and science and technology . " Sunni Arabs were not against the historic security agreement , but they were concerned about Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki having too much power when the agreement goes into effect . They wanted legislation that would underscore their constitutional interests and rights . Although there apparently were enough votes to approve the security pact even without the compromise , al-Maliki 's government , as well as Shiite and Kurdish leaders , wanted to work out the political reform deal with the Sunni Arabs so there could be national unity on the security pact . Asked why the political reform agreement was so important , Alaa Makki , a Sunni parliament member , said , "  It gave a message that there will be no dictatorship in Iraq in the coming period and the Iraqi people will say the final word . " The compromise virtually assures the security agreement 's ratification by Iraq 's presidency council , which consists of Kurdish President Jalal Talabani , Shiite Vice President Adel Abdul Mehdi and Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi . Lawmakers loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and others had been staunch opponents of the security pact . But there was overwhelming support for the measure from other quarters . The Sadrists made loud protests against the agreement during the brief parliament session . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Agreement asks "  temporary assistance " of U.S. troops , but limits their role NEW : Pact gives Iraq jurisdiction over U.S. troops "  for grave premeditated felonies " NEW : U.S. ambassador , military , welcome Iraq 's passage of agreements Security pact sets June deadline for U.S. combat troops to leave Iraqi cities , towns
Keep your carry-ons small on Allegiant Air flights . Starting Wednesday , if your bag does n't fit under the seat , you 're going to pay for it . The airline plans to charge between $ 10 and $ 30 for carry-on luggage stored in overhead bins on flights booked after the fee is implemented overnight . Those prices apply for fees paid during the reservation process and vary by route . Previous bookings will not be affected . Carry-on fees on most routes will be less than $ 15 , the airline said . Passengers who pay fees at the airport during check-in will be charged $ 35 . Personal items that fit under seats are still free . Allegiant 's CEO said the airline 's fares are still lower than competitors ' . "  When it is all said and done and you get to the bottom line and hit the ` pay ' button , and you can shop our fares against anybody else . We are typically 50 % lower , " CEO Maurice Gallagher said . Rising fuel prices are to blame for the hefty fee , says one industry expert . "  Allegiant has one of the oldest and most fuel-inefficient fleets in the airline industry , " said Vaughn Cordle , an analyst with AirlineForecasts . Allegiant joins Spirit Airlines as the second U.S. carrier to implement fees for carry-on luggage . In April 2010 , Spirit announced carry-on charges from $ 20 to $ 45 for bags stored in the overhead bins . Spirit declined to comment Tuesday on revenue generated by its carry-on fee , but the policy has been "  very well received by our customers and our crew members , " spokeswoman Misty Pinson said via e-mail . "  It has resulted in a much speedier , smoother and safer boarding and deplaning . " Overall , U.S. airlines racked up $ 2.6 billion in baggage fee revenue in 2011 , according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics . An ultra-low-fare model gives carriers such as Allegiant and Spirit more flexibility in unbundling the costs of air travel , Cordle said , but other airlines will be watching the carry-on fee closely . "  They 're all trying to move that route , but it 's a little harder for the higher-cost network airlines to tack on higher fees associated with getting passengers from A to B , " Cordle said . But "  if they think they can get away with it , they 're going to do it . " George Hobica , founder of Airfarewatchdog.com , agrees . "  It 's a distinct possibility . Monkey see , monkey do . Clearly , Spirit Airlines did n't go bust for doing so , and now Allegiant is dipping its toes into the water , " Hobica said via e-mail . "  Since there 's no regulation banning such a fee , and especially because overhead bin space has not kept up with demand from passengers trying to avoid fees  leading to countless fights and unpleasantness for both passengers and crew  I do n't see why at least one legacy carrier would n't try it . " US Airways , American Airlines and Southwest Airlines said Tuesday that they have no plans to charge for carry-ons . Delta said it does n't comment on future fares or fees .	Allegiant Air is the second U.S. airline to charge for carry-on bags The airline will charge between $ 10 and $ 30 for bags that do n't fit under seats Spirit Airlines also charges for carry-ons Industry insiders say other carriers may follow suit
