CNN  -- Many have matched his size , some his speed , but no-one ever combined the two to such devastating effect on a rugby field as Jonah Lomu . The former All Blacks winger became the sport 's first global superstar when he burst onto the international scene at the 1995 Rugby World Cup and now , almost two decades on , his appeal shows no sign of slowing down . In his capacity as ambassador for the recent HSBC Sevens World Series tournament in Wellington , Lomu was given a hero 's welcome at the New Zealand capital 's Westpac Stadium . It 's a reception he 's got used to wherever he goes , but the cries are particularly heartfelt at a ground where he represented both the provincial side Wellington and the Hurricanes in Super 12 from 2000-2003 . "  The greatest thing I love about sevens is the camaraderie that the players have among all the nations . But at the same time the fans make what sevens is all about , " Lomu tells CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show . "  It 's exactly how the game should be played -- fair play but at the same time speed , skill , pace : everything that needs to be done , " he adds . "  You see it in the crowd as well -- they need a bit of stamina  too  because it 's two days of partying hard . There 's a lot of celebrating going on but it 's absolutely beautiful to be a player on the pitch or a former player in the stands watching your favorite team . " Lomu 's international career began at the Hong Kong Sevens in 1994 before gaining his first full cap against France later that year to become the youngest player  19 years , 45 days  to wear the prestigious All Blacks jersey since the start of that century . "  When I chucked on my All Black shirt , for me , it was like armor , getting ready to go into battle , " he says . "  When you get the opportunity to pull it on it is absolutely something special . " The following year his enormous frame -- 1.96 meters  6 foot 5 inches  tall , weighing 260 pounds  117 kg  -- made a global impact at the World Cup in South Africa . Lomu famously trampled all over England 's pride  and Mike Catt 's body  in the semifinals , running in four tries -- inducing insult then praise from Will Carling after the game . "  He 's a freak and the sooner he goes away the better , " the shell-shocked England captain said following his team 's 45-29 defeat . "  He 's very balanced , has that incredible power and anyone coming on to the ball like he did is almost impossible to stop . He 's an amazing athlete . " Rugby 's current fastest player , American Carlin Isles , who reportedly runs the 100 meters in 10.13 seconds , says speeding down the wing feels like flying . But from Lomu -- who has a best of 10.80 seconds over the same distance -- comes a more earthy assessment . "  I do n't know what other people are thinking of when they 're running down the sidelines , but all I think about is there is one destination that I need to get to and that 's the try line , " Lomu says . "  Whoever or whatever is in front of me , I either go around it or over it , or if not create something for my teammates . " From 1994-2002 , Lomu ran in a total of 37 tries in 63 appearances for New Zealand in an international career interrupted and eventually prematurely curtailed by a life-threatening kidney condition . The 38-year-old has suffered from nephrotic syndrome , a rare kidney disorder , since 1995 . He nearly died in 2011 when a transplanted organ received in 2004 started to fail . "  My bloodstream was septic and the doctors were starting to think the worst : that my kidney had failed and my body was in total meltdown , " Lomu , who on the waiting list for a new transplant , revealed last year . He has been able to deal with his health problems by drawing on his experiences on the rugby field . "  The reason why I think I can cope with my medical condition  is because of  the things that I 've learned through rugby -- the desires and beliefs that I was given through playing the game , " Lomu says . "  It 's helped me get through all the adversity that I 've gone through and at the same time prepared me for life . That 's the one thing that rugby has -- it gives you opportunities but at the same time gives you the belief that you can get through anything . " Lomu still requires regular dialysis but is n't one to complain , preferring to focus on the positives . "  Medically , I 'm as good as I can be . Traveling around the world is always difficult because of the medical treatment that I need , but I 've got a great wife  Nadene  who organizes it all . The family that I have gives me the will to get up in the morning ... especially my two boys  Brayley and Dhyreille  -- that 's always a reason to get up . " Another incentive has been promoting sevens in Wellington and around the world as the the abbreviated version of rugby union gears up for its Olympic debut at Rio in 2016 . "  When you 're talking about the changing dimensions of the game , sevens is where it 's at , " he says . "  The nations that could n't match the bigger nations at the 15-man game , they can definitely do this and get in there and compete with the best nations ... or even knock them over , as the Kenyan team has shown us . " Kenya -- a relative rugby backwater -- shocked the rugby world by beating New Zealand in the semifinals at last year 's Wellington Sevens . This time around , the east Africans did n't fair so well , but still managed a notable win over Scotland , the sport 's inventors back in 1883 , in the final of the Bowl competition last month . "  The biggest thing for sevens is making sure it grows in the way it should grow and people keep enjoying it , " Lomu says . "  But the beauty is that it can only get better . "  When you 've got 142 countries playing the game , that 's awesome to see . And this is the next level . " Read more : Rugby sevens ' sister act Watch more : Can rugby stars take on NFL ?	Modern rugby 's most famous son , presents CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide New Zealand international was a giant of rugby union during the 1990s and early 2000s Kiwi continues to suffer with a kidney disorder and is seeking a second transplant "  Rugby gives gives you belief that you can get through anything , " 38-year-old says
CNN  -- Nebraska lawmakers , meeting in emergency session this week , are set to change a controversial safe-haven law by sharply limiting the age at which a child can be dropped off with local authorities . Thirty-five children have been dropped off at Nebraska hospitals since the law was enacted . The state Senate voted 41 to 6 Wednesday to scrap the current version of the law -- which has no age limitation -- and instead establish a strict 30-day age limit . State legislators have expressed concern that , if the law is not changed , Nebraska 's social services system will be overwhelmed by older children delivered by parents from around the country who find they are unable to provide proper care . The legislature -- which has only one chamber , the Senate -- is expected to approve final passage of the revision this week before Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman signs it on Friday . Nebraska 's safe haven law was intended to allow parents to hand over an infant anonymously to a hospital without being prosecuted . Of the 35 children who have been dropped off at hospitals since the law went into effect in September , however , not one has been an infant , officials say . All but six have been older than 10 , according to the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services . "  The abandonment of these children -- and the harm it is causing them -- is an immediate concern , " said Jen Rae Hein , communications director for the governor . "  Some children have been begging their parents or guardians not to leave , " said social worker Courtney Anderson . "  They may not really understand why they are being left at the hospital . But they know they are being left , and the parent or guardian might be fleeing . " On Tuesday , a 15-year-old girl was left at a hospital in Hall County , located in the central part of the state . Last week , a 14-year-old boy and his 17-year-old sister were dropped off at an Omaha hospital ; the girl ran away from the hospital . Earlier in the week , a father flew in from Miami , Florida , to leave his teenage son at a hospital , officials said . "  Please do n't bring your teenager to Nebraska , " Heineman told parents in an interview with CNN . "  Think of what you are saying . You are saying you no longer support them . You no longer love them . " State Sen. Tom White said lawmakers have been caught off guard by the number of teenagers dropped off under the law . "  What you 've seen is an extraordinary cry for help from people all across the country , " he said . "  Nebraska ca n't afford to take care of all of them . Nebraska would like to be able to , but they know that we ca n't so we are going to have to change the law . " Five of the 35 abandoned children were brought to Nebraska from out of state . Parents have traveled to Nebraska from Michigan , Indiana , Iowa , Florida and Georgia . "  We did n't think -LSB- the law -RSB- would be used to the extent it -LSB- has been -RSB- , " state Sen. Brad Ashford said . "  We did n't anticipate children coming from other states . " Tysheema Brown drove from Georgia to leave her teenage son at an Omaha hospital . "  Do not judge me as a parent . I love my son and my son knows that , " Brown said . "  There is just no help . There has n't been any help . " Safe-haven laws allow distraught parents who fear their children are in imminent danger to drop them off at hospitals without being charged with abandonment . Nebraska was the last state in the country to pass such a law . But every other state included an age limit . There are 6,600 children in state custody in Nebraska , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . The per capita rate is one of the highest in the country , said Todd Landry , director of the Division of Children and Family Services for the Department of Health and Human Services , "  I think this has spurred some really healthy conversations about how do parents get the help that they need when they are struggling with some of these parenting issues , " he said . "  And the message that we have been trying to get out is , ` Do n't wait until it 's a crisis . Reach out to your family and friends . ' " CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	State legislature meeting to set maximum age for drop-off , rule out older kids Social worker : "  Children have been begging their parents or guardians not to leave " Mom : "  Do not judge me as a parent . I love my son " Governor : "  Please do n't bring your teenager to Nebraska "
DES MOINES , Iowa  CNN  -- Barack Obama and Mike Huckabee have claimed victories in Iowa 's first-in-the-nation caucuses . With all Democratic precincts reporting , Obama had the support of 38 percent of voters , compared to 30 percent for John Edwards and 29 percent for Hillary Clinton . "  The numbers tell us this was a debate between change and experience , and change won , " said CNN political analyst Bill Schneider . Iowa delivered fatal blows to the campaigns of Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware . Both have decided to abandon their White House runs . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who finished fourth , said his campaign plans to "  take the fight to New Hampshire . " New Hampshire holds the nation 's first primary Tuesday . Clinton and Obama are in a statistical dead heat in New Hampshire , according to the latest CNN/WMUR poll . Watch where millions of dollars and months of campaigning have left candidates " On the GOP side , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , whose campaign was languishing six months ago , and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney are now tied for first place in New Hampshire , according to the poll , which was released Wednesday . McCain left Iowa before caucus night even began . He was already in New Hampshire by Thursday afternoon , trying to get a jump on his rivals . For the winners of both party 's caucuses in Iowa , it 's an age revolt for Democrats versus a religious revolt for Republicans , Schneider said . Among Democrats , Obama took 57 percent of the under-30 vote , according to CNN 's analysis of entrance polls . Watch Obama celebrate his victory Speaking to supporters , Obama called the night a "  defining moment in history . " "  You came together as Democrats , Republicans and independents to stand up and say that we are one nation , we are one people and our time for change has come . " Watch an audio slideshow of the candidates ' speeches " Huckabee 's victory can be attributed to his overwhelming support among evangelical voters and women , the polls indicate . With 92 percent of Republican precincts reporting , Huckabee , former governor of Arkansas , had the support of 34 percent of voters , compared to 25 percent for Romney . Fred Thompson had 13 percent , McCain had 13 percent and Ron Paul had 10 percent . What do the results mean ? " Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who has turned the focus of his campaign to the February 5 "  Super Tuesday " primaries , trailed with 4 percent . "  We 've paid a lot of attention to states that some other candidates have n't paid a lot of attention to , " Giuliani said , adding , "  Time will tell what the best strategy is . " Watch Giuliani describe his strategy " Huckabee was vastly outspent by Romney , who poured millions of dollars into a sophisticated get-out-the-vote operation . "  People really are more important than the purse , and what a great lesson for America to learn , " Huckabee said in thanking his supporters . Watch Huckabee claim victory " For most of 2007 , Huckabee languished in the single digits in the polls and had very little success raising money . But his momentum picked up in the final six weeks of the year when social conservatives -- an important voting bloc in Iowa -- began to move his way . "  We won the silver ... You win the silver in one event . It does n't mean you 're not going to come back and win the gold in the final event , and that we are going to do , " Romney said . Clinton , speaking with 96 percent of the vote in , portrayed herself as the candidate who could bring about the change the voters want . "  I am so ready for the rest of this campaign , and I am so ready to lead , " she said . Clinton had worked to convince Iowa caucus-goers she has the experience to enact change , while Edwards and Obama preached that she is too much of a Washington insider to bring change to the nation 's capital . Edwards , in a tight race for second , said Iowa 's results show that "  the status quo lost and change won . " Watch Edwards describe his next move " "  Now we move on ... to determine who is best suited to bring about the changes this country so desperately needs , " he said . McCain , who had largely abandoned Iowa to focus on the New Hampshire primary , said , "  The lessons of tonight 's election in Iowa are that one , you ca n't buy an election in Iowa ; and two , that negative campaigns do n't work . " Watch what McCain says about the results " With such a close race on both sides , voter turnout was key . The Iowa Democratic Party reported seeing record turnout . The party said there were at least 227,000 caucus attendees . The Iowa GOP projected that 120,000 people took part in the Republican caucuses . See how candidates courted voters " The Iowa Democratic Party said 124,000 people participated in the 2004 caucuses , while the Republican Party of Iowa estimated that 87,000 people took part in the 2000 caucuses .  President Bush ran unchallenged for a second term in 2004 . Caucus-goer Kathy Barger , inside a Democratic caucus site in Walnut , Iowa , said the room she was in was packed to the brim with a line out the door . Watch what it was like inside the caucus " "  I do n't know how they are going to be able to fit everybody in the room , much less count the votes , " she said . "  There are bodies in every available space in the room . " The White House hopefuls campaigned down to the wire in Iowa , determined to reach as many people as possible before the 1,781 caucuses that started at 7 p.m. Iowa Democrats , unlike Republicans , use a more complicated system to determine a candidate 's viability . Republican caucus-goers are asked for their support for a candidate only one time during the event . Democrats are asked twice : an initial question of support , and a second if their first-choice candidate does not reach a 15 percent threshold to achieve viability . Among Republican candidates , Thompson , a former senator from Tennessee , and Rep. Duncan Hunter of California needed strong showings in Iowa to keep their campaigns going , while Paul , a representative from Texas , is likely to ride his surge of popularity through February 5 -- "  Super Tuesday , " when 24 states hold their primaries -- no matter where he places in the early contests . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mark Preston , Peter Hamby , Dana Bash and Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	Sens. Chris Dodd and Joe Biden drop out of race Polls : Huckabee earns support of evangelicals , women Democratic race a debate between change , experience , CNN analyst says Huckabee vastly outspent by Romney , who poured millions of dollars into campaign
CNN Student News  -- June 2 , 2014 Leading off this Monday edition of CNN Student News : a prisoner exchange involving a U.S. soldier held captive for five years . We 'll also cover the resignation of a U.S. Cabinet member , and we 'll tell you what spelled out victory for two very astute competitors at a national bee . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How much of reality TV do you think is real ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . the Pentagon 2 . Scripps National Spelling Bee 3 . reality TV Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is Bowe Bergdahl ? Who was holding him captive ? For how long was he held ? For whom was he exchanged ? Who was involved in the exchange on each side ? What are some Republicans saying about the Obama administration 's actions in this exchange ? Why ? How has Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel responded ? 2 . What federal agency was led by Eric Shinseki ? What scandal led him to resign ? What did Shinseki say about the problems at the department ? 3 . What was unusual about the finish of this year 's Scripps National Spelling Bee ? Who won ? What prizes were awarded to the winners ? 4 . According to the report : What is the goal of Mars One ? By what date do the founders want this to happen ? What does astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson have to say about the mission ? How many people applied for the mission ? What reasons do some who have made the cut offer for wanting to go on a one-way trip to Mars ? What do NASA astronauts Scott and Mark Kelly have to say about the mission ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of the prisoner exchange involving Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ? How would you counter the arguments mentioned in the video that support or criticize this exchange ? 2 . What were some of the words in this year 's Scripps National Spelling Bee ? Have you ever heard of any of these words ? Do you take any steps to expand your vocabulary ? Explain . What are some things you could do if you wanted to improve your abilities with words ? 3 . What does Neil deGrasse Tyson mean when he talks about Mars as a "  hostile environment " ? What would be some of the most basic challenges to sustaining human life on Mars ? How might the organizers of Mars One aim to address these concerns ? Do you think humans will have the ability to sustain themselves on Mars by the year 2025 ? Explain . 4 . Would you want to take a trip to another planet ? What if that trip were one-way : Would you be interested ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Is a woman 's virginity worth $ 3.8 million ? That 's how much a 22-year-old from San Diego , California , said she has been offered through an auction she announced in September . Natalie Dylan , 22 , said she has put her virginity up for auction through the Moonlite Bunny Ranch . The woman , who goes by "  Natalie Dylan , " set up a private auction through the Moonlite Bunny Ranch , a legal brothel in Nevada . The auction has given her lots of "  business opportunities , " she said . Her top bid comes from a 39-year-old Australian , but she has no immediate plans to settle the auction , she said in a recent interview with CNN . Some men may seek virgins because they want them as trophies , or desire purity . But as to why men would bid so much money on virginity , she said she has no answer . "  I honestly do n't know what they see in it , " she said . If you think Dylan 's auction amounts to prostitution , she completely agrees . She also said she 's not breaking any laws -- after all , prostitution in Nevada is legal . "  I feel people should be pro-choice with their body , and I 'm not hurting anyone , " she said . "  It really comes down to a moral and religious argument , and this does n't go against my religion or my morals . There 's no right or wrong to this . " Watch for more on Dylan " The idea that virginity has a high value harkens back to the days of early humans -- if a man has sex with a virgin woman , he knows for sure that her children will be his , anthropologists reason . In early civilizations , women were also considered the property of men , said Laura Carpenter , assistant professor of sociology at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee . Through the 1950s in America , women were expected to remain virgins until marriage , Carpenter said . But with the availability of the pill and the IUD in the 1960s , combined with youth counterculture and gay rights movements , it became more common for women to engage in premarital sex , she said . Attitudes shifted toward the conservative side in the 1980s with the worldwide HIV/AIDS pandemic , which made the stakes much higher for choosing a sex partner , especially for men . Abstinence-based education programs also took off around that time , with government support , she said . Today , about 95 percent of Americans have sex before they 're 25 , Carpenter said . But worldwide , virgin prostitutes can claim larger fees , certain cultures still attach larger dowries to virgin brides , and some women undergo reconstructive surgery to restore their hymens . In looking at Dylan 's auction , "  To some extent it 's not new . The new part is the Internet , " Carpenter said . Dylan is not the first to hold a public sale for her sexual innocence . An Italian model reportedly had plans to sell her virginity for more than $ 1 million in September . Dylan said she was inspired by a report of a Peruvian woman who put her virginity up for sale . Some think Dylan 's auction may be indicative of a shift in the way society treats sexuality . "  In a world that is teeming with brand messages , with sponsorships everywhere , intimacy is really just the next thing to go , " said Jon Ray , a 24-year-old marketing consultant in Austin , Texas , and author of the blog Who is Jon Ray ? Brett Austin Vanderzee , a 19-year-old student at Oklahoma Christian University who has pledged to stay a virgin until marriage , finds Dylan 's actions somewhat appalling , but not shocking . "  It 's kind of crazy , but I think it 's the general direction that society has been heading in for a while , " he said . "  We 're becoming more accepting of things that normally would have been considered unwise . " Kiara Daines , a 17-year-old from Detroit , Michigan , said she 's saving herself until marriage for personal and religious reasons . Both Vanderzee and Daines said they have endured teasing from their peers because of their choice to remain abstinent . Others say there 's just too much hype around virginity . Martha Kempner , vice president for information and communications for the nonprofit Sexuality Information and Education Council of the U.S. , said telling a young woman to stay "  pure " misses the point that sexuality will influence her long after she loses her virginity . "  By putting the emphasis there , -LSB- on virginity -RSB- , we 're actually devaluing the rest of women , the rest of her , and the rest of her sexuality for the rest of her life , " she said . A recent study in the journal Pediatrics showed that religious teens who take virginity pledges are as likely to have sex before marriage as their religious peers , and less likely to use condoms or birth control when they become sexually active . Many people say losing one 's virginity has different implications for men than women . While young women see the act as a symbolic giving of themselves , young men are more prone to want to get it over with and brag about it . Similarly , says Kempner , women are taught to keep themselves "  pure " and help men exercise control , while there 's a "  boys will be boys " attitude around men . Do men really think that virginity is worth millions of dollars ? Audacia Ray , a 28-year-old former sex worker from New York and author of "  Naked on the Internet : Hookups , Downloads and Cashing In on Internet Sexploration , " is skeptical . She views Dylan 's auction as a publicity stunt and does n't anticipate she 'll "  continue in the industry . " The importance of a woman 's virginity may vary in different cultures , but generally there 's not the high value there used to be , Ray said . "  It begins to be viewed more as a burden over time -- a burden in that losing virginity is an event , so that it has to somehow mean something , which is part of the reason why people are all up in arms about Natalie , " she said . How do Dylan 's friends and family feel ? Dylan , who said she was raised in a conservative , non-Christian religious household , said although her mother does n't agree with her , she still loves her as a daughter . Generally people have been supportive , Dylan said . "  I 've talked with my exes , some different guys , and they understand it 's just a business deal , and they know me , and they know I 'm not this promiscuous girl . Honestly , even if I did n't do this , I 'd always be the girl who thinks prostitution is OK , " she said . "  I would always want to find a partner that can accept me for me . "	Natalie Dylan has put her virginity up for auction ; says top bid is $ 3.8 million Idea that virginity has high value not new , professor says Men and women have different standards for losing virginity , some say Others say there 's just too much hype around virginity
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's Kumar Sangakkara equaled a landmark cricket record but his side are in deep trouble after the opening action in the traditional Boxing Day Test against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground . A big crowd approaching 70,000 at the MCG saw Sri Lanka routed for just 156 , with Australia only six runs behind with three wickets down at stumps on the first day . Sangakkara 's 58 saw him past 10,000 runs , reaching it in his 195th Test innings to equal greats Sachin Tendulkar and Brian Lara . His defiant effort was only ended by a superb running catch by wicketkeeper Matthew Wade which gave Australia paceman Mitchell Johnson his 200th wicket in his 49th Test . "  To achieve what he has achieved is absolutely amazing , " Sri Lanka coach Graham Ford told AFP . "  So for us , although it was a disappointing day in many ways , that brought a lot of joy to the lads . " Johnson was left out for Australia 's convincing first Test victory in Hobart , but returned to take four wickets for 63 runs to lead the home bowlers . Test debutant Jackson Bird , Peter Siddle and Nathan Lyon grabbed two wickets apiece as the visitors capitulated . Australia made a rapid reply with opener David Warner hitting 62 off just 46 balls in an opening partnership of 95 with Ed Cowan . Warner fell to Angelo Matthews , caught in the deep by Dhammika Prasad attempting another big shot . Phil Hughes made just 10 before being run out in a mix-up with Cowan , who fell for 36 to Prasad in the next over . But home skipper Michael Clarke , passed fit after an injury scare , and Shane Watson saw them through to the close in a strong position .	13 wickets fall on opening day Test in Melbourne Australia trail by just six runs with seven wickets left Kumar Sangakarra reaches 10,000 runs in Test cricket Mitchell Johnson takes 200th Test wicket
Washington  CNN  -- When Mitt Romney is agitated , his arms flail . President Barack Obama has a tendency to drone on and on . Debate experts say both should keep those quirks in check during the upcoming presidential debates . That 's because in the world of political theater , nobody likes a ham or a know-it-all , said Melissa Wade , a debate professor at Emory University . So Romney should keep that whiteboard full of facts and figures under wraps . And Obama should keep the lecturing to a minimum . "  It 's the generation of Twitter and Facebook and efficient language choices are persuasive , " Wade said . Both candidates are considered skilled debaters -- Romney 's campaign called Obama a "  universally acclaimed public speaker , " and Romney was lauded for his performance during the Republican presidential primary debates . However , there 's a lot more to effective debating than clever rhetoric . 10 questions you would ask at the presidential debate Delivery , tone and body language -- almost as much as substance -- convey a lot to would-be voters , political experts say . Over the next three weeks , voters will have plenty of opportunities to watch the political posturing unfold . Wednesday night 's debate in Denver is the first of three between the president and Romney . The first debate focuses on domestic policy , so exchanges are bound to be lively , debate experts say . "  Romney and Obama will disagree with the foundation of what caused our economy to go south , " said Todd Graham , director of debate at Southern Illinois University . John King : Debate all about trust for Romney The two men will also mix it up over their different proposals for trimming the nation 's debt and entitlement spending , addressing tax rates , and reforming the nation 's health care system . For voters keeping score at home , pay attention to "  things like argument depth , trying to get beneath the surface of the argument . They 've become quite skilled at not answering the question . They 'll repeat the question and then the next few things out of their mouths do n't answer the question , " Graham said . Also , "  Look for inconsistencies ... things they have or have not said before , " he said . Vice President Joe Biden and Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , will face off once on foreign policy matters . And like their top-of-the-ticket counterparts , the veep candidates also have some habits to watch out for . "  Ryan has so much less experience that he 's going to be on talking points for the ticket , " Wade said , and that could make him seem a bit stiff . On the other hand , "  Biden has to be careful to not be glib about it and assume his superior knowledge . " Voters have already handicapped the presidential candidates ' performance . According to an ABC News/Washington Post national poll released Monday , 55 % of likely voters say they think the president will win the debate , with 31 % saying the former Massachusetts governor will be victorious . The findings on this question from the new survey are in line with a CNN/ORC International poll conducted right after the Democratic Convention last month , where likely voters predicted by 59 % to 34 % that Obama was more likely than Romney to prevail in the October showdowns . The campaigns spent the bulk of last week downplaying expectations . Romney debate challenge : High stakes , lowered expectations However , there 's still plenty of room for surprises . "  The mistakes the presidential candidates have made over the years are numerous . Poor body language has been a common blunder . As much as candidates focus on perfecting the substance of what they say before the cameras , a large number of Americans are really most interested to see how they say it , " CNN contributor and history professor Julian Zelizer wrote for CNN . Despite weeks of preparation and practice with debate sparring partners , candidates often revert to nervous tics under the harsh glare of spotlights . During a 2008 debate , Sen. John McCain paced on stage ; in 1992 , President George H.W. Bush glanced at his watch ; and in 1960 , Vice President Richard Nixon was sweaty and cast furtive glances . Both Obama and Romney have similar habits -- "  tells " that signal that they 're nervous . The mistakes candidates make in debates "  Romney is more aggressive , he talks with his hands more and is more animated . That 's not a good thing , " Wade said , adding that at times Romney seems irritated when pressed . "  He 's a smart man ... but because he is not fully consistent in his message , it shows in his face . " Such behavior could come across as impatient , Wade said . "  The best thing he could do is shove those hands in his pocket , " she said . "  Even if he were to put one hand in the pocket it would calm ... his body and face down . " Why debate is crucial for Obama , too Obama may have a reputation as "  cool , calm , collected and very comfortable in his body , " Wade said , but he too has his own set of body language challenges . The town hall format -- such as the one scheduled for October 16 at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York -- is Obama 's nemesis . It offers a looser , more classroom-like setting , one in which the former law school lecturer tends to slip into the role of an academic . "  It 's his worst format , " Wade said . "  It was not as pronounced as McCain wandering around . Obama in a town hall is more long-winded . He just ca n't help himself . " Getting ready for Wednesday 's showdown Both candidates tend to fare well in settings in which they are standing behind podiums . "  The setup with lecterns and longer questions and answers allows for more direct exchange , " Wade said . "  They 're looking at the moderator and the audience , but they 're also able to look at each other . " But there 's also a psychological disadvantage to this , said SIU 's Graham . "  When seated , the candidates become less aggressive , " he said . For viewers , that 's a good thing , Graham added , saying that voters tend to see aggressive debating tactics as bullying . "  For God sakes , do n't actually debate . If you actually debate you tend not to do well in the polling the next day , " he said . "  The public tends to think they were too aggressive and mean and they do n't like them . " In Ohio , Romney praises debate partner Portman Even things like height differences alter perception and the types of gestures a candidate should use , Wade said . "  Most of the presidential primary debates were the standard format of the line of humans behind lecterns . It generates some power dynamics in size difference , " she added . "  We associate height with power . It 's a subtle stereotype that goes on . " So someone smaller , like Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , "  had to use larger hand gestures to compensate with size , " Wade said . At 6-foot-1 and 6-foot-2 respectively , Obama and Romney are on an even footing . Romney : Debates are n't about a win CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	Voters pay close attention to what is said and how it is said during debates Body language tics have hurt presidential candidates in the past Both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney have "  tells " to watch out for in stressful situations
CNN  -- Cincinnati Bengals football player Chris Henry died after he fell from the bed of a moving pickup truck during a fight with his fiancée , police said Thursday . "  Chris Henry died as a result of his injuries sustained during this incident , " a Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police news release said . "  Department detectives continue to work diligently on this active investigation . " Henry died at 6:36 a.m. ET Thursday , the statement said . Shortly before noon Wednesday , Henry 's fiancée tried to drive off during a "  domestic situation , " only to have Henry jump into the bed of the truck , police said . "  The domestic situation continued between the operator and Mr. Henry , " according to a police statement . Henry "  came out of the back of the vehicle " about half a mile from the house , it said . Henry was a native of Belle Chasse , Louisiana , according to the Bengals ' Web site . He and his fiancée , Loleini Tonga , had planned to be married in March , the team said . Henry leaves three children -- two sons and a daughter , the team said . Tonga 's family lives in Charlotte . Bengals coach Marvin Lewis said he told players of Henry 's death , speaking to them a couple of times Thursday . He declined to tell reporters what was said . "  That 's between us , " Lewis said . Authorities described Henry 's injuries Wednesday night as "  life-threatening . " He was taken to the Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte . The 26-year-old receiver played for the Bengals for five seasons but was on the injured reserve list after suffering a fractured forearm during a November 8 game against the Baltimore Ravens . The 6-foot-4 , 200-pound Henry caught 12 passes for 236 yards and two touchdowns in eight games this season before being hurt . Henry played at West Virginia University and joined the Bengals as a third-round draft pick in 2005 , the team said . He was in Cincinnati , Ohio , last weekend for an examination and was cleared to return to Charlotte to be with Tonga and her family , as no rehabilitation was necessary beyond periodic adjustments to his cast , a team statement said . An article on the Bengals Web site called Henry "  one of the best comeback stories in the NFL " before being injured , saying he had rebuilt "  his life and career in a three-year climb from a series of off-field problems . " The problems , the article said , included four arrests , three NFL suspensions and a release from the Bengals in April 2008 . But Henry had since "  put his life back together , " according to the article . "  He 's a big part of what we are , " left tackle Andrew Whitworth said in the article . "  I really admire how he carries himself , how he 's changed his life , and how he 's made his career his passion . That 's what this team has done . He 's one of the guys that has helped give this team that attitude . " Mike Brown , the club 's president , told reporters Thursday he did n't regret giving Henry a second chance . Watch team management reflect on Henry 's life Henry had "  finally seemingly reached the point where everything was going to blossom , and he was going to have the future that we all wanted for him and he wanted for himself . And then this tragedy cut him down , " Brown said . "  It 's a terrible tragedy that just at the time he was running to daylight , if you will , his life was snuffed out . " Funeral details were pending and will be released later , Brown said . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a statement , "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to Chris ' family , including his Bengals family . We have been in contact with the Bengals to offer our support through this difficult time . " Lewis said when he talked with Henry in August about coming back , "  there was a different man that was sitting across from me and a different person . From that point on , we 've seen pretty much a continual growth . " Tonga "  had been a very steadying force in Chris ' life , " Lewis said . According to an article on the Bengals ' Web site , right guard Bobbie Williams spoke to his teammates during a locker room huddle . "  Maybe go home tonight and hug your family a little tighter , " he reportedly said . Wide receiver Chad Ochocinco broke into tears before the cameras and could not finish , according to the article . Ochocinco was wearing Henry 's No. 15 jersey as practice got under way Thursday . Brown , Lewis and others spoke of Henry 's gentle and soft-spoken nature , his big heart and his love for his children . "  Our football team , what they 're feeling yesterday and this morning ... they watched a guy mature as a young man and work through adversity , " Lewis said , adding that Henry became "  a beacon of hope . " Lewis recalled seeing Henry at rookie camp , catching the first ball thrown to him and sticking up his finger in celebration . Read SI.com 's take on the death "  I told the receivers coach at that time , ` You better get him , ' " he said . At West Virginia , Henry tied the school 's single-season touchdown reception record with 12 . He was second in the university 's career touchdown receptions with 22 and eighth in career yardage with 1,878 . The Bengals are one win away from clinching the AFC North title . Players will leave Friday for Sunday 's game in San Diego , California . A memorial helmet decal and a coaches ' pin will be worn during the game to honor Henry , the Bengals said .	NEW : Teammate reportedly cries for Chris Henry , wears his No. 15 jersey to practice Bengal brass : Henry had turned life around , fiancée was "  steadying force " "  Active investigation " into wide receiver 's death continues , police say Henry 's fiancée drove off during a "  domestic situation " ; Cincinnati Bengal receiver jumped in truck
CNN  -- Wentworth Miller , best known for his role on "  Prison Break , " came out as a gay man in an open letter to the St. Petersburg International Film Festival . The fest invited him to attend , and although Miller cited ties to Russia and pleasant visits to the country in the past , he said no . "  As a gay man , I must decline , " Miller wrote in his letter . "  I am deeply troubled by the current attitude toward and treatment of gay men and women by the Russian government . The situation is in no way acceptable , and I can not in good conscience participate in a celebratory occasion hosted by a country where people like myself are being systematically denied their basic right to live and love openly . " Andy Cohen says ` nyet ' to Miss Universe in Russia , citing discriminatory policies He signed the letter by asserting his membership in GLAAD , the Human Rights Campaign , and The ManKind Project . GLAAD reps supported Miller 's stance with their own statement : "  Wentworth 's bold show of support sends a powerful message to LGBT Russians , who are facing extreme violence and persecution : you are not alone , " GLAAD spokesman Wilson Cruz said in a statement . "  As people from across the globe continue to speak out against Russia 's horrific law , more celebrities and corporations should follow his courageous lead in openly condemning Russia 's anti-LGBT law . " George Takei , Stephen Fry and more speak out against Russia hosting Olympics Russian president Vladimir Putin 's stringent anti-gay laws have met with much resistance both outside the country and within its own population , especially with Russia hosting next year 's winter Olympics . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Prison Break ' actor Wentworth Miller comes out as gay Miller declined an invitation to a Russian film festival He is the most recent celebrity to speak out against Russia 's treatment of gays
Birmingham , Alabama  CNN  -- Severe weather tore across the Southeast early Monday , killing at least two people , injuring more than 100 and spreading damage through several states , emergency officials said . The two fatalities reported were near Birmingham , Alabama , according to Sgt. Jack Self of the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office . One was a 16-year-old in Clay , northeast of the city , and the second was an 83-year-old man in the Oak Grove community west of Birmingham , Self said . The two were identified as Christina Heichelbech and Bobby Sims . The teenager was a female , Self said , although the fatality was initially reported as a male . Authorities believe the same storm , which struck about 3:30 a.m. , was responsible for both deaths , he said . At least 100 injuries were reported , from cuts and bruises to broken bones , Self said . And at least 211 homes were destroyed and 218 suffered major damage in Jefferson County , according to Alabama Red Cross spokesman Chris Olson . That number is expected to rise . Did you witness the damage ? Please share images and footage , if it 's safe to do so Emergency crews were working to locate people who may be trapped or injured and to clear roads , several of which were impassable , the sheriff 's office said . Video from the Center Point area , also northeast of Birmingham near Clay , showed numerous downed trees , some on top of homes . People had to step over trees as they made their way down a residential street . An EF-3 tornado struck the town of Clay , the National Weather Service confirmed late Monday . Wind speeds from the twister were estimated at 150 miles per hour . "  The whole house just shook , " Mary Mann told CNN affiliate WVTM . "  We were all in the back bedroom praying to God to put his angels around us . We made it out , but ... the devastation . " One resident told WVTM he and his family had sought shelter in his home 's basement when the house 's front door came "  flying by us . We made it just in the nick of time . " The man , who was not identified , grew emotional as he told the station , "  We 've lost our house , but at least ... we 've got our family , and that 's all that matters right now . " A photo from one Clay subdivision showed a number of homes heavily damaged or destroyed , with debris strewn across the neighborhood and trees snapped in half . Several organizations , including the Salvation Army and the Red Cross , said on Twitter they were sending teams to aid storm victims . Several shelters were open in Jefferson County , the sheriff 's office said . Terri Nichols spoke to CNN in Clay , where she was helping neighbors sort through the debris . "  As bad as it looks , they 're fortunate that they have their lives , " she said , standing amid piles of wood that had once been homes . Damage was also reported in Perry and Chilton counties , south of Birmingham in the central part of the state . Some 14 homes were destroyed and 38 homes damaged in the Chilton County town of Maplesville , the county 's emergency management agency said , but no one was injured . Art Faulkner , director of the Alabama Emergency Management Agency , told CNN officials are focused on several areas , including Center Point , Oak Grove and the town of Trussville , also northeast of Birmingham , as well as Maplesville . Search and rescue operations were ongoing , he said . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency for all of Alabama 's 67 counties , meaning state resources can be called upon to assist local officials , Faulkner said . Seven Alabama counties reported storm damage , with the majority in Jefferson and Chilton counties , said Yasamie August of the Alabama Emergency Management Agency . By Monday evening , 12,300 customers statewide were without power -- the majority in Jefferson County -- Alabama Power said on Twitter . The outages peaked about 5 a.m. at 45,400 , Alabama Power spokeswoman Hallie Bradley said . Utility poles and power lines were reported down . Several school systems closed for the day , according to officials and affiliate reports . Damage was also reported near Tuscaloosa -- which was devastated by a tornado nine months ago -- as well as south of Birmingham , officials said . Three reports of "  minor structural damage " were received , said David Hartin of the Tuscaloosa County emergency management agency . The majority of reports concerned downed trees and power lines , and the damage reports were north of Tuscaloosa , he said . Hartin said he was not aware of any injuries . Tuscaloosa was ravaged by an EF-5 tornado in April 2011 . An EF-5 is at the extreme end of the tornado classification scale , with winds of more than 200 mph . The twister was part of a record-breaking tornado outbreak -- 178 tornadoes over April 27-28 , the largest recorded tornado outbreak in U.S. history . In Tuscaloosa and Birmingham , 61 people died in the tornado on April 27 . At least 243 people were killed by twisters statewide , and 39 of Alabama 's 67 counties were designated for disaster assistance . "  The one thing that we can say is thank goodness we 're not looking at what happened in this state last year in April , " Faulkner said . "  We do not have that kind of catastrophic damage . However , any loss of life or destruction of property is a bad thing , and we will be there to make sure we 're able to assist our citizens with any cleanup that may need to be done after the search and rescue is over . " Asked whether the new storms posed a setback to rebuilding efforts , Hartin said he did not believe so . "  There 's a lot of building going on , " he said . Bentley told CNN the state has made a "  rapid recovery " from the April storms . He said he had planned to announce a commission Monday set up to provide recommendations on improving the response to severe weather , but the event was canceled with the report of Monday 's storms . The Oak Grove community was hit hard by a tornado in April 1998 . Thirty-two people were killed in Jefferson County and two more in St. Clair County in that storm , according to the National Weather Service . The storms were moving eastward into Georgia , but were decreasing in intensity because of a stable air mass in place over Georgia , CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . In Arkansas , an EF-2 tornado touched down on the northern edge of Fordyce , in the south-central part of the state , the National Weather Service confirmed Monday afternoon . An EF-2 tornado has winds of up to 135 mph . The twister caused "  significant damage " to homes northwest of Fordyce , along with a country club and a set of transmission towers , the weather service said . One person who sustained minor injuries was treated and released at a hospital , said Jim Johnson of the Dallas County , Arkansas , Emergency Management Office . Another woman was trapped in her home briefly , but she was not hurt , he said . About 40 homes were damaged , with 10 of those destroyed , said Tommy Jackson , spokesman for the Arkansas Department of Emergency management . A shelter was set up at a Fordyce hotel , he said . "  As we assess the damage this morning , it looks like we dodged a pretty good bullet when you look at places like Alabama , " Jackson said . Power outages , which peaked at 3,700 , were down to about 1,300 just before daybreak , Johnson said . Crews were doing their best , he said , but "  so many of the wires are twisted in the treetops . " Possible tornadoes were also reported in Mississippi and Tennessee , according to the National Weather Service . The Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said one person was reported injured in Bolivar County . Several homes were reported damaged in Bolivar and Quitman counties , and several farm buildings were damaged in Coahoma County . Trees and power lines were reported downed in all three counties , the agency said . "  Our sympathies go out to those whose homes were damaged and those who were injured , " said Robert Latham , agency director , in a statement . "  But while the damages were not catastrophic in our state , we only have to look at the destruction in Alabama from the same storm system to realize we were very fortunate . "  I hope many of our residents took time to prepare their families and homes prior to the storms reaching them , " Latham said . "  The next time we may not be as lucky . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Leslie Tripp , Devon Sayers , Chandler Friedman , Carma Hassan , Sean Morris and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	National Weather Service confirms tornadoes in Arkansas , Alabama 12,300 customers remain without power statewide , Alabama Power says Mississippi and Arkansas each report one injury Alabama EMA director : Damage not as bad as that seen last year
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan President Gen. Pervez Musharraf swore seven of his allies into a caretaker government on Friday . Former chairman of the Senate Mohammad Mian Soomro was sworn in as prime minister . "  An old cabinet is gone and a new cabinet -- a caretaker government -- has been sworn in , " Musharraf said to applause . "  Life continues , no body is permanent . One comes , one serves , tries one 's best in the interest of the nation ... and then when they have to go , that is the way of nature . They have to leave , and this is what is democracy , " he said . The event , carried live on Pakistani state-run TV , showed the new members taking an oath to "  bear true faith " to Pakistan , among other pledges . The caretaker government will oversee the parliamentary process until national elections , which are to be held no later than January 9 . Leading the interim cabinet is newly installed Prime Minister Mohammad Mian Soomro , who previously served as chairman of the Senate , a key post because the Senate chairman is acting president when Musharraf is outside the country . "  We are are creating history because I think never has Pakistan seen such a smooth transition of government , " Musharraf said after the official ceremony . "  The ex-prime minister is sitting right in front of us . Never has such a smooth transition taken place before . " Musharraf had earlier pledged to include "  people of a neutral band . " A close Musharraf associate , Pakistani Senator Nisar Memon , was sworn in as interim information minister , a post he previously held in Musharraf 's government . Abbas Sarfraz and Salman Shah -- both members of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Q party -- were appointed to the interim cabinet and previously served in Musharraf 's cabinet . Another member of the ruling party , Dilawar Abbas , was appointed to the interim petroleum minister post . Other former cabinet members under Musharraf , Gen. Hamid Nawaz and Inam ul Haq , were appointed to the interim interior and foreign minister posts , respectively . Asked Wednesday if Musharraf would include members of the opposition in the caretaker government , Musharraf was vague in an interview with The Associated Press but said "  we are looking into names  from opposition parties  . " "  We will make sure that the caretaker government contains people of stature , people of a neutral band , and those that can perform government functions well , " he added . Thursday marked the end of the term for Pakistan 's parliament and provincial assemblies , which are scheduled to dissolve by November 20 , according to Musharraf . Elections are to be held 45 to 60 days from that date , and Musharraf has said he would like to see the vote take place before January 9 . The exact date will be set by Pakistan 's Election Commission . Earlier Friday , police in Lahore lifted the house arrest against opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , allowing the former prime minister to go free for the first time since Tuesday . Bhutto has called on Musharraf to step down and said negotiations between her Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  and him have hit a dead end . Her remarks came Tuesday after Pakistani police surrounded the house where she is staying to prevent her from leading a Lahore-to-Islamabad march . Her supporters were also arrested . Bhutto has entered into talks with her successor and rival , former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , on forming an alliance against Musharraf . Sharif himself is exiled from Pakistan after Musharraf ousted him in a bloodless coup in 1999 . Meanwhile , U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte was scheduled to arrive in Pakistan on Friday for weekend meetings with Musharraf and other Pakistani officials . Negroponte will convey to Musharraf how seriously the United States views his imposition of emergency rule and will suggest he rescind it , senior U.S. State Department officials told CNN . Pakistani police Thursday continued to enforce Musharraf 's November 3 emergency order by cracking down on opposition rallies and rounding up hundreds of protesters in Karachi alone . One rally there turned deadly Thursday when two youths were killed at a demonstration in support of Bhutto , police sources said . The circumstances are unclear ; Bhutto said she heard a report that police killed two of her "  party people . " The deaths are the first to take place during rallies following the emergency order that suspended the country 's constitution . Nearly all leaders of Pakistani opposition parties have been jailed or placed under house arrest and charged under anti-terrorism measures . Bhutto and other opposition leaders accuse Musharraf of imposing the emergency order so he could remain in power by avoiding an expected ruling from the previous Supreme Court that would have nullified his October election victory . Musharraf has since sacked nearly all of the Supreme Court justices and replaced them with his allies . He has said the emergency order was imposed to save Pakistan from governmental paralysis caused by the chief justice of the Supreme Court . He has said it improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Never has such a smooth transition taken place before , " Musharraf says Interim cabinet comprises members who served in Musharraf 's government Bhutto released from house arrest Elections to be held before January 9
COPENHAGEN , Denamrk  CNN  -- What makes someone decide to become an actor ? It sometimes seems as if the average Hollywood star is motivated mainly by the promise of a fat pay check . Connie Nielsen shot to fame playing Lucilla in "  Gladiator . " Or perhaps they 're drawn to the celebrity lifestyle . Maybe they crave the love of an adoring public , or perhaps they see the movies as a way to leave their mark on the world , to be immortalized on celluloid . For Danish actress Connie Nielsen it was something quite different . For her , being an actor means being an outsider . "  As an artist you actually do have to make a choice to be an outsider . If you 're an outsider you have the freedom to say what people on the inside do n't dare to say , " she told CNN . So Connie Nielsen is not your typical movie star . As a 5-foot-10-inch blonde Scandinavian beauty she has the looks of a classic silver screen siren , but she has steadfastly resisted a career as Hollywood eye candy and rejected the lifestyle that goes with it . "  I absolutely refuse the fame part of my business , " she says . "  I refuse even the money side of my business . I try to do as good work as I can do , I try to grow in my art and reach for truth , " she says . Raised in Elling , a small coastal village in Denmark , she is fluent in seven languages and studied acting in France and Italy , making her screen debut in French comedy "  Par Où T'es Rentré ? On T ' a Pas Vu Sortir "  U.S. title "  How Did You Get In ? We Did n't See You Leave "  in 1984 . She appeared in more French and Italian movies before landing a role opposite Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves in "  The Devil 's Advocate " in 1997 . But it was n't until 2000 , when she was cast in Ridley Scott 's Oscar-winning "  Gladiator " , that Nielsen landed a role that really let her show her acting ability . As Lucilla , the sister of the villainous Emperor Commodus , Nielsen brought some much-needed subtlety to the swords-and-sandals epic and held her own sharing the screen with Joaquin Phoenix and Russell Crowe . The movie made Nielsen an international star and she scored other successes with "  One Hour Photo " in 2002 , and "  The Hunted " in 2003 . But while the success of "  Gladiator " opened doors for her , it also meant she had to fight the kind of typecasting that would try to limit her to playing "  the love interest " to a male lead who got all the good lines . Nielsen has in the past been critical of Hollywood for its lack of female roles , saying "  you think once you 've shown what you can do , and your movies have been successful , that snap , you work . So to discover the difference between guys ' roles and girls ' roles made me plain mad . It 's unjust . " But Nielsen has refused to be pigeonholed , seemingly drawn to difficult roles in controversial movies . She appeared in French movie "  Demonlover " , which dealt with pornography , violence and corporate amorality , while more recent films have taken on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . Danish drama "  Brødre "  U.S. title "  Brothers "  is about a soldier who returns from Afghanistan a broken man , unable to communicate his experiences from the conflict . Playing his wife , Nielsen put in a powerful performance that won her awards and served to highlight how Hollywood had underused her talents . "  The Situation " in 2006 was billed as the first film to be made about the Iraq war and told the story of ordinary Iraqis caught up in the conflict , while "  Battle of Seattle " examined how peaceful protests erupted into riots when the World Trade Organization met in Seattle in 1999 . Of her choice of subject matter , Nielsen says that rather than making a political point she is trying to show the human aspects of the conflicts . But Nielsen makes it clear that her career is not the focus of her life and she stresses the importance of making time outside the movies . She is passionate about literature and art and she is currently dating Lars Ulrich , drummer of rock group Metallica . She had a son with him in 2007 and has another son from a previous relationship . "  I will always find something that I want to try and become better at . I always love to spend more time with my friends , more time with my family , my extended family . I always want to read more books , " she says . Perhaps her commitment to her art , her interest in social issues and her disavowal of fame simply reflect her Danish upbringing , but there 's no doubt that compared to many other Hollywood stars Connie Nielsen is a breath of fresh air .	Connie Nielsen made her name playing Lucilla in Ridley Scott 's "  Gladiator " She has appeared in movies dealing with the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq Nielsen speaks seven languages and is passionate about art and literature
CNN  -- A huge British military base in one of the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan got a surprise arrival this week as a soldier gave birth to a baby boy . Britain 's Ministry of Defence does not allow troops to deploy on operations if they are pregnant , but the ministry did n't know the woman was expecting . It refused to confirm reports in the British media that the soldier did n't know she was pregnant . The mother and baby at Camp Bastion are both in stable condition in a field hospital , the ministry said . That 's the same camp where Britain 's Prince Harry is stationed as an Apache helicopter pilot in the Taliban heartland of Helmand province . The ministry said the baby was born Tuesday -- four days after a dramatic raid on the base by well-trained Afghan insurgents dressed in U.S. military uniforms . The insurgents , working in three teams of five , infiltrated the base , killed two U.S. Marines , destroyed six jets and damaged others before most of them were killed . One attacker was wounded and captured , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . A medical team from John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford , England , is preparing to go to Afghanistan to care for the mother , the hospital said Thursday . The mother and baby will be brought back to the United Kingdom for treatment and care , the ministry said . It could not confirm reports that the baby born at Camp Bastion was named Sebastian . It did not name the mother , whom British newspapers are saying is a gunner . The ministry could not immediately say whether babies had ever been born to British military personnel before in Afghanistan . Real stories : They did n't know they were pregnant	A British soldier at Camp Bastion in Afghanistan gives birth to a baby boy The British Ministry of Defence did n't know soldier was pregnant when she deployed She 'll be brought back to the United Kingdom
United Nations  CNN  -- Somalia is "  one of the world 's most complicated humanitarian crises , " with 40 percent of the population relying on United Nations aid for survival , the U.N. 's envoy to the troubled African nation told the Security Council Wednesday . Somalia "  challenges the rules of statehood , " Mark Bowden , U.N. humanitarian and resident coordinator for Somalia , said . The country 's central government is extremely weak and the drought-stricken nation is essentially lawless . What security does exist is provided by militias and rebel groups . And clashes between rebel groups and government forces have been especially fierce since 2009 , when the current moderate president came to power . Bowden emphasized the importance of continued U.N. funding to "  sustain assistance to this most acute humanitarian crisis . " Civilians "  bear the main brunt of current conflict , " Bowden reported to the Security Council . Numbers tell a story of misery . Some 1.2 million Somalis have been forced from their home villages or regions . About 200,000 were forced from the capital of Mogadishu this year alone . Since March , the country has suffered 3,000 conflict-related casualties . One in five Somali children is undernourished . Much of the country 's violence is fueled by the need for basic resources , Bowden said . Food riots have "  been the pattern of what 's happened in Mogadishu for the last 18 years , " he told the 15-member Security Council . Bowden was pressed by council members on recent allegations that aid to Somalia has been siphoned off by Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-affiliated Somali group . Bowden said that allegations of misuse were taken very seriously and officials are addressing the problem . Bowden 's findings were not totally negative . Thanks to U.N. aid , 1.3 million Somalis now have access to clean water and vaccination campaigns are continuing even in areas occupied by insurgent groups , Bowden said . Somalia has been kept polio-free at a time when many other African nations are seeing a resurgence of the disease , Bowden said .	U.N. coordinator details dire situation in Somalia One in five Somali children are undernourished African country still free of polio International funding called critical for Somalia
During a surprisingly emotional appearance before a congressional panel on Tuesday , Troy Vincent , the NFL 's executive vice president of football operations , admitted the league made a "  crucial mistake " in its initial punishment of Ray Rice and got choked up when describing his commitment to improving their policies . "  I 've committed my life , worked for the last 20 years as an advocate against domestic violence in an effort to keep others from experiencing this lifetime pain , " Vincent said , his voice strained . "  I relate to the twenty million victims -- survivors -- of domestic violence , sexual abuse , in every community across our great nation . " Under pointed questioning from Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , and Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , who serve on the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , before which Vincent appeared , the NFL executive admitted the league should have acted sooner in punishing the Baltimore Ravens cornerback . Rice was seen in two separate videos assaulting his then-fiancee , now wife , Janay Rice . The NFL initially handed down a two-game suspension for the star , before deciding to rethink the punishment and suspend him indefinitely . "  I do n't think there was a need for a second video to impose a proper discipline , " Vincent told Thune , the committee 's top Republican . "  We failed in that particular area ... we made a critical mistake . " Janay Rice : Ray Rice was ` terrified ' after hitting me The first video , posted by TMZ in January , shows Rice dragging the unconscious Janay out of a hotel elevator . The second video , released in September , shows Rice hitting her with such great force that it knocks her unconscious , before he proceeds to drag her out of the elevator . The league has consistently denied that it saw the second video before it was posted online by TMZ . But , as Thune pointed out in the hearing , the league admitted in a June testimony that it suspected that a full video of the incident did exist . Vincent said regardless of whether the league had access to the video , or knew of its existence , it should have taken action sooner . "  As we look at our personal conduct policy , we failed , " Vincent said . "  The commissioner failed to impose the proper Ray Rice penalty in the beginning . " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has also denied having ever been granted access to the second video , telling CBS in September , "  We asked for anything that 's pertinent , but we were never granted that opportunity . " According to Vincent , the NFL is working to hard reform their process of dealing with issues of domestic violence , with the goal of both preventing and punishing such misbehavior . "  We believe that wearing a uniform of NFL player is a privilege , " he said . "  It is not a right . Every member of the NFL community must embrace this unique leadership role that we play in our society and the trust that you place in us . " But at the same time , Vincent stressed his commitment to ensuring that players receive fair due process . "  I support the interests of all players in a fair process , " Vincent said . "  I have led these efforts . I know that a majority of our current and former players are terrific husbands , fathers and men who have made incredible contributions to their communities . " Vincent said he expects the full investigation into the Ray Rice episode to conclude "  at any time " and he believes the report will be made public . Opinion : Ray Rice does n't deserve second chance	Top NFL executive tells congressional panel the league made a mistake in its initial disciplining of Ray Rice Domestic violence will be taken more seriously going forward , says NFL 's Troy Vincent
New York  CNN  When Liana Barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in Westchester County , New York . A year later , she got married again in Westchester County , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband . Only 18 days after that marriage , she got hitched yet again . Then , Barrientos declared "  I do " five more times , sometimes only within two weeks of each other . In 2010 , she married once more , this time in the Bronx . In an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her "  first and only " marriage . Barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of "  offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , " referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application , according to court documents . Prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam . On Friday , she pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx , according to her attorney , Christopher Wright , who declined to comment further . After leaving court , Barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the New York subway through an emergency exit , said Detective Annette Markowski , a police spokeswoman . In total , Barrientos has been married 10 times , with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002 . All occurred either in Westchester County , Long Island , New Jersey or the Bronx . She is believed to still be married to four men , and at one time , she was married to eight men at once , prosecutors say . Prosecutors said the immigration scam involved some of her husbands , who filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages . Any divorces happened only after such filings were approved . It was unclear whether any of the men will be prosecuted . The case was referred to the Bronx District Attorney 's Office by Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security 's Investigation Division . Seven of the men are from so-called "  red-flagged " countries , including Egypt , Turkey , Georgia , Pakistan and Mali . Her eighth husband , Rashid Rajput , was deported in 2006 to his native Pakistan after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force . If convicted , Barrientos faces up to four years in prison . Her next court appearance is scheduled for May 18 .	Liana Barrientos , 39 , re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating She has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say Barrientos pleaded not guilty Friday to misdemeanor charges
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When it comes to making movies , Australia would appear to have it all . Baz Luhrmann 's latest film "  Australia " starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman is the first identifiably Australian blockbuster . A huge landmass with a location for every movie eventuality , from the post-apocalyptic desert seen in "  Mad Max " to sophisticated central Sydney through John Woo 's lens in "  Mission : Impossible II . " Compared with , say , the United States , it 's a relatively cheap place to film . By filming sci-fi blockbuster "  The Matrix " in Sydney , the Wachowski Brothers were able to keep their budget down to $ 60 million . Making the same film in the United States would have cost three times as much , they say . And then there 's the talent . Directors like Philip Noyce  "  The Quiet American , " "  Rabbit Proof Fence "  and Baz Luhrmann  "  Strictly Ballroom , " "  Moulin Rouge ! "  and stars including Cate Blanchett and Nicole Kidman all hail from Down Under . Over the years , the Australian film industry has produced groundbreaking and remarkable movies like "  Shine , " "  Muriel 's Wedding " and more recently "  Lantana " that have burst out of the domestic movie market and made a splash internationally . But breakout successes like these are few and far between . Despite the industry producing quality films since the 70s , it has failed to build its accomplishments into a sustainable domestic film market . Some of the problem is down to size . Australia may be big but its population is tiny , coming in at a little over 21 million -- just twice the number of people living in the city of Sao Paolo , Brazil alone . This has meant limited government funding for the film industry and over the last five years , an average of just $ 20 million  AUS   $ 19 million  has been raised each year from private investors . So for domestic flicks there just is n't much money to go around -- average budgets are between $ 4-8 million  AUS   $ 3.8-7 .6 million  . Although there are exceptions , low budgets mean Aussie filmmakers have struggled to come up with the kind of slick productions that make it to international distribution . "  Boutique " is the euphemistic phrase bandied around to describe the country 's industry , but Brian Rosen , CEO of Film Finance Corporation Australia  FFC  , the government-backed film funding body , is more frank : "  I would term -LSB- it -RSB- a cottage industry in that it is very hand to mouth for most filmmakers . We are limited with the kind of stories we can tell , " he told CNN over the phone from Sydney . For big budget money , Australia relies on attracting Hollywood movies by competing with the United States on price . In the early 2000s , huge productions like "  The Matrix " trilogy  the first film to be shot at the Fox Studios complex outside Sydney  and the "  Star Wars " prequels were filmed over a number of years . While this was positive for the industry in terms of creating work , it has n't succeed in putting identifiably Australian movies with bigger budgets onto the world stage . More recently , big Hollywood bucks have dried up as the drop in value of the dollar has created incentives to stay at home . But in the last two years , there have been some fundamental changes in the backing for films that give cause for hope in the industry . One of Australia 's most famous film exports , director Baz Luhrmann 's latest film , "  Australia " is at the heart of the changes . Starring two of Australia 's best-known Hollywood diaspora -- Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman -- it is billed as a sweeping Outback action-adventure romance . It is the story of an English rose who inherits a cattle station and then has to enter into a pact with a stockman to prevent her property from being taken over . With an estimated budget of $ 130 million , it is the most expensive film in the country 's history . And it is the first Australian epic . "  The importance of that film is enormous . It 's the first blockbuster that 's identifiably Australian , " Ian Robertson , head of the media division of Sydney-based lawyers Holding Redlich told Variety . It 's not just the size of the film or its subject matter . While preparing to shoot , the kitsch-loving filmmaker was instrumental in lobbying the Australian government to introduce a new incentive scheme that gives filmmakers a 40 percent rebate on the budget of their film . This effectively allows Fox , the Hollywood studio behind "  Australia , " to take back over a third of the film 's total budget . The government and film officials hope that this new offset could be the catalyst for a turnaround in the industry 's fortunes , increasing the production value of Aussie films from around $ 600 million  AUS   $ 576 million  a year to $ 1 billion  AUS   $ 960 million  over the next few years . "  We 've made ` Crocodile Dundee ' and ` Mad Max ' and in the 90s we did ` Muriel 's Wedding ' and ` Strictly Ballroom ' ... we need to be doing more of that , so what we 're hoping with the offset is that we can move back up to doing 30 or 40 films a year . When you 're only making 20 films a year it 's hard to have any success , " Rosen explained to CNN . Foreign investment into Australian companies is being encouraged by testing productions for "  Australian-ness . " To be eligible for the full 40 percent rebate , productions must pass a check that covers the film 's subject matter , where it was made and the nationalities of the producer and director amongst others . This way , the government hopes to start building the sustainable industry that has eluded them so far . Aussie digital production company Animal Logic , the brains behind the 2007 hit "  Happy Feet , " is producing the latest film to benefit from the new rebate . Animated feature "  Guardians of Ga'Hoole , " which is projected to come out in 2010 , is based on the American series of children 's books by Kathryn Lasky set in the imaginary "  Forest of Tyto . " The film 's makers say the forest is being designed to look like Tasmania and the majority of the cast is expected to be made up of Australian actors . Despite the apparent Aussie credentials , this latest offset award is causing some controversy . Critics say the film should n't be eligible because it has been in production by U.S. studio Warner Bros. since 2005 . Some Aussie filmmakers are wary of the rebate being abused by foreign filmmakers . If it becomes too popular it could attract negative attention from the new money-conscious government . Nevertheless , exporting Australian culture is important to many in the country 's film industry . Australian actor Kick Gurry , who recently starred in the Wachowski Brothers ' latest film , "  Speed Racer " told CNN : "  If Australian -LSB- movies -RSB- can go well internationally and support artists at home it 's really important to the cultural identity of a place . " The powers that be in Australian cinema certainly seem to be doing as much as they can to raise the industry 's international profile and attract foreign filmmakers . This year , the annual Sydney Film Festival launched a brand new official film competition . New South Wales Minister Linda Burney was at Cannes Film Festival to make the announcement and told CNN : "  Part of the reason for this announcement is to make it more attractive for international producers , international films ... to say to the international film community , ` We want your business . ' We are saying to the rest of the world , ` Come to Sydney , come to our state , make films and we will look after you . ' " Brian Rosen hopes that more money will mean films with broader international appeal . "  We need to be making more ambitious films . I think we will be doing films with broader audience appeal which will have a much bigger success . So I see more "  Happy Feet " happening , " he said . Aussiewood could be awakening from its slumber .	Australia has great locations , talent and is a relatively cheap place to make films Despite movies like "  Shine " the domestic industry remains small and hand to mouth Recent changes in the backing for films could be the catalyst for a resurgence
CNN  -- A goal from Liverpool 's forgotten man Stewart Downing helped Brendan Rodgers ' side beat Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala in the Europa League and go top of Group A . The winger , who signed for a reputed $ 32 million back in 2011 , grabbed only his fourth goal for the club to see off Anzhi , led by veteran Dutch coach Guus Hiddink . It could have been a more comfortable margin for Liverpool but Daniel Agger had a goal ruled out when he headed the ball out of Anzhi keeper Vladimir Gabulov 's hands and fired home . The defender was yellow carded for his efforts . The Russian side , who boasted four time African Player of the Year Samuel Eto'o among their ranks , failed to threaten regularly . Victory represented perfect preparation for Liverpool as they head into one of their biggest games of the season , against Merseyside neighbors Everton on Sunday . "  Great credit to the players after that , " Rodgers told match broadcaster ITV . "  I have n't even thought about the derby , with our squad it 's one game at a time . "  We had good control of the game and when we had to dig deep they put their bodies on the line for us . "  Stewart Downing scored a brilliant goal . He is a wonderful technician off either foot . He has had a rough ride here , it 's been a tough time but he is a good guy and an important member of our team and he got a good reception from the Kop . " The other game in Liverpool 's group saw Young Boys beat Italian side Udinese 3-1 thanks to a hat-trick from Argentinean striker Raul Marcelo Bobadilla . Liverpool 's fellow Premier League side Newcastle also won 1-0 as French winger Gabriel Obertan scored the only goal of the game against Belgian outfit Club Brugge in Group D . The other match saw French club Bordeaux draw 1-1 with Maritimo in Portugal . Slovenian minnows NK Maribor grabbed an impressive point against the third Premier League side in the competition -- Tottenham -- in Group J , Gylfi Sigurdsson saving Spurs ' blushes by canceling out Robert Beric 's opener . Italian club Lazio are top of the group from Maribor despite an injury time goal from Jose Toche rescuing a 1-1 draw for Greek outfit Panathinaikos . Italian giants Inter had to rely on an 88th minute goal from Rodrigo Palacio to help them beat Serbian team Partizan Belgrade 1-0 at the San Siro . Inter are joint top of Group H with Russian side Rubin Kazan after Alan Kasaev 's early goal helped them past Neftchi , from Azerbaijan . Holders Atletico Madrid made it three wins out of three to maintain their position at the top of Group B. Goals from Diego Costa and Emre helped the Spaniards beat Portuguese side Academica de Coimbra 2-1 . In the group 's other game a goal from Frantisek Rajtoral saw Czech club Viktoria Plzen beat Hapoel Tel-Aviv 2-1 in Israel . Turks Fenerbahce moved to the summit of Group C after Egeman Korkmaz 's winner saw them edge past AEL in Cyprus . German side Borussia Monchengladbach comfortably beat Marseille , from France , in the other match , after goals from Filip Daems and Peniel Kokou Mlapa . Romanians Steaua Bucuresti made it seven points from their three matches to consolidate top spot in Group E after a 2-0 victory over Molde , from Norway . VfB Stuttgart drew 0-0 with Danish side FC Copenhagen in Germany . In Group F , Ukrainian team Dnipro claimed the scalp of Italian side Napoli to go top with a 3-0 win . Dutch club PSV Eindhoven drew 1-1 with AIK of Sweden . Racing Genk surged to the top of Group G with a 2-1 triumph over Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon , who went down to ten men after Khalid Boulahrouz was sent off . And Hungarian minnows Videoton FC Fehervar recorded a 2-1 victory over Swiss club Basel thanks to Caneira 's winner . In Group I a late Jimmy Briand goal maintained Lyon 's 100 % record as the French side beat Spain 's Athletic Bilbao 2-1 . Sparta Prague eased to a 3-0 win over Israeli side Hapoel Kiryat Shmona in the group 's other match in the Czech Republic . In Group K German outfit Bayer Leverkusen romped to a 4-0 victory over Rapid Vienna in the Austrian capital , Gonzalo Rondon Castro grabbing two goals . Two late goals from Bonfim Marlos and Ribeiro Cleiton Xavier saw Ukrainian club Metalist Kharkiv triumph 2-1 over Rosenborg in Norway . In Group L two goals from Maestre Pedro Rios helped Spanish side Levante to a comfortable 3-0 win over Dutch club Twente , managed by former England manager Steve McClaren . In the other game an injury time goal from Didier Ya Konan helped Germany 's Hannover win 2-1 against Helsingborg in Sweden .	English sides Liverpool and Newcastle win to move top of their Europa League groups Liverpool beat Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala 1-0 thanks to Stewart Downing 's goal Holders Atletico Madrid beat Académica de Coimbra 2-1 while Inter beat Partizan Belgrade Sporting Lisbon slump to defeat against Racing Genk while Napoli lose at Dnipro
CNN  -- A suspicious piece of luggage that was about to be loaded onto a plane at Windhoek Hosea Kutako International Airport in Namibia contained no explosives , a spokeswoman for the airline said Thursday . "  Air Berlin has confirmed that there was no explosive material in the laptop bag found in Namibia , " Sabina Teller , spokeswoman for Air Berlin , told CNN . "  The luggage was found in the airport , at no point was on the plane . It had no luggage label so it was impossible to know where it was going , which company it was supposed to fly with or who it belonged to . " The laptop bag , found Wednesday morning among the luggage being loaded onto flight 7377 to Munich , Germany , contained a functioning electronic clock with wiring attached , suitable for use in a bomb , sources close to the investigation told CNN Thursday . The sources asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the investigation . The bag was discovered at a luggage screening point by security officials , who then notified the Namibian police explosives unit . After it was verified that the bag contained no explosives , passengers were asked to get off the plane to identify their luggage , but no one claimed ownership of the laptop bag , the source said . The flight resumed about six hours later to Munich , but some cargo was held back for investigation by officials from Namibia , Germany and the United States . The Namibia Airports Company , which runs the Windhoek airport , said the item was found at the luggage screening point prior to loading , though it did not specify whether the item was supposed to be loaded onto the Air Berlin flight . The 296 passengers and all the bags on the flight were subjected to additional security checks before the flight took off . It landed safely in Munich after a six - or seven-hour delay , said Air Berlin spokeswoman Silke Manitz . Germany raised its threat level on Wednesday , saying concrete evidence had emerged of a possible attack planned there later this month and of persistent efforts by Islamists to attack it . A senior German counterterrorism source told CNN on Thursday that the German Interior Ministry warning was linked to recent threats to the country from al Qaeda in Pakistan . Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said there was "  reason for concern but no reason for hysteria . " "  Security authorities are considering three different threat scenarios by international terrorists , " he said . "  Security authorities have been pursuing these indications for weeks with the highest intensity and proper sensitivity -- in closest cooperation with our international partners . "  Now further insights and facts relevant to danger have added themselves to these established insights , " he said Wednesday . The "  new situation " prompted authorities to raise the threat level . Last month , the United States issued a travel alert for Americans in Europe amid concerns that al Qaeda or related groups might be planning attacks similar to the 2008 massacre in the Indian city of Mumbai . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro in London ; Ben Brumfield in Atlanta , Georgia ; Diana Magnay in Hamburg , Germany ; John Grobler in Namibia ; and Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa , contributed to this report .	Suspicious bag found to contain no explosive Bag contains batteries , wires and a running clock , sources say The flight lands safely in Munich , six to seven hours late
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Nine years of blindness almost drove Sharron "  Kay " Thornton to suicide . Kay Thornton , with Dr. Perez , can see again after surgery in which a tooth was implanted into her eye . In the end , it was one of her teeth and a procedure surgeons said was never before done in the United States that restored her sight . "  It was very embarrassing and humiliating for my daughter to take care of me , and it was n't supposed to be that way . I 'm supposed to take care of her , " the 60-year-old woman told CNN on Wednesday . "  I thought about suicide , but then I thought , if I did it , I probably would n't do it right , " she said . Instead , "  I just asked God to help me . I could n't do it by myself . He taught me patience , and I never gave up . " Her hopes were raised when she qualified at the University of Miami Bascom Palmer Eye Institute for a months-long procedure in which an eye tooth  also called canine or cuspid  was implanted in one eye as a base to hold a prosthetic lens . Her bandages were removed over the Labor Day weekend . Watch how the tooth was involved in the procedure " Nearly two weeks later , her visual acuity is 20/70 without corrective lenses in the treated eye , said Dr. Victor Perez , associate professor of ophthalmology , and a cornea specialist at the institute . The Smithdale , Mississippi , woman and her doctors planned to meet the media at a news conference Wednesday afternoon to discuss her case . Thornton , a former restaurant manager with three children , lost her sight in 2000 after she was stricken with Stevens-Johnson syndrome , apparently caused by medication she was taking . The illness is described by the Mayo Clinic as a rare disorder in which a person 's "  skin and mucous membranes react severely to a medication or infection . " The disease causes "  a painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters , eventually causing the top layer of skin to die and shed . " She also lost her hair , all nails and most of her skin . Within a week , Stevens-Johnson syndrome also caused the cells on the surface of her eye to die , and the severe corneal scarring that resulted made her blind . Eventually , everything reversed itself but her blindness . After losing her sight , Thornton said , she especially missed watching television , particularly her favorite show , "  Operation Repo . " When she and her best friend returned to the hotel after her bandages were removed , Thornton quoted him as saying , "  Here 's the remote . " "  And I said , ` hot dog ! ' " In interviews with CNN , the surgeons at the institute described how they brought back her sight by using what they say is the first surgical attempt in the United States to plant an eye tooth in an eye to hold a prosthetic lens . "  The surgical technique -- modified osteo-odonto keratoprosthesis  MOOKP  -- has proven effective in cases where severe corneal scarring blocks vision , but the eye remains healthy , " according to the institute . Corneal scarring also can be caused by chemical injuries or burns . The procedure has been done only about 600 times worldwide , surgeons said . Perez led the surgical team who worked on Thornton . To start the procedure , surgeons remove a healthy tooth and part of the patient 's jawbone . Perez said Thornton was given a jawbone implant , but she developed a sinus infection , so they removed it . They will try again later . The tooth and bone were then shaved and sculpted , and a hole was drilled into them to hold the prosthetic lens . Then the whole unit was implanted into Thornton 's chest and left for several months , allowing the tooth and lens to bond . This was then implanted into her eye . Asked why doctors do n't use a piece of plastic instead of a tooth , Perez said that works well when the eye is "  wet and healthy . " But Thornton 's eye was too dry . When he first saw her , he said , "  her eyes were covered with skin . " Thornton 's case had to be severe for her to meet the strict rules to qualify for the MOOKP . "  The inclusion criteria is strict , " said the surgeon , now known as "  the tooth fairy . " "  The patient must have end-stage ocular surface disease , and must be able to see and localize light , " meaning they must be able to describe from what direction light is coming . In addition , "  they have to have a healthy mouth and a good tooth . " Previously , a stem cell procedure had failed to help her , and she was not a candidate for a cornea transplant , he said . "  We used to hear about this surgery with the tooth , and we thought , ` How can people do this ? ' It seemed to be very far-fetched , " Perez said . "  Then once I went to Rome and saw the patient results , it was very impressive . " "  It 's so frustrating when they 've tried other procedures and nothing works . We needed to find something that would work for these patients , " the surgeon said . "  I 'm very excited for this patient . She really worked hard for this . "  What the surgery meant to her is hope . She lost hope of ever seeing again , " he said , and was especially distressed that she might never see the granddaughter born while she was blind . Not all surgeons are sold on the procedure . Dr. Ivan Schwab with the American Academy of Ophthalmology told CNN he believes the process is too difficult and the result too disfiguring . There are alternatives that are nearly as good , he added . "  We 've known about the procedure since the '80s . It 's been going on for a while , " he said . "  We 've viewed it with some skepticism . It requires a sizable team and several operations . It seems to be reasonably successful on the small numbers that have been done , " though it does bring some disfigurement . The complicated procedure "  requires a team of dentists and ophthalmologists , " he said . "  It 's just it 's an extreme variation on techniques we 're already doing . " But he added , "  In their defense , they are working on the worst of the worst , people with no other alternatives . " There is little evidence , doctors say , for or against the safety of MOOKP , because of the small number of times it has been done . Dr. Christopher Liu at Sussex Eye Hospital in Brighton , England , said the process has long been used in Asia and Europe . He brought it to England from Italy . He said he does n't believe the procedure will take off in the United States because of its length -- each stage takes hours to perform . In addition , he said , though the person can see again , the eye "  wo n't be natural looking . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Rich Phillips and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Woman , blinded after illness , has tooth implanted into eye to hold prosthetic lens First time this surgery is performed in the United States ; only 600 done worldwide Some specialists say procedure is too complex to catch on in U.S.
CNN  -- We are ... Penn State . I can not recount the thousands of times that I have proudly proclaimed that chant throughout the years . I belted it out as a Penn State cheerleader , later as a proud alum standing in Beaver Stadium among nearly 100,000 raucous fans , and more recently on Saturday afternoons sitting solo in my TV room watching my Nittany Lions roar in those classic no-name jerseys . Those words still give me goosebumps nearly 20 years after I left State College , Pennsylvania , lovingly called Happy Valley . Looking down from my perch on other colleges over the past decade , I 've watched major programs crumble as their dirty little secrets were revealed . And through all those college scandal headlines -- paying players , inflating SAT scores , falsifying classroom grades -- I have held Penn State up as a shining example of all that is good and right and pure about college sports . We are the good guys . We have Joe Paterno . We are ... Penn State . But today , I 'm putting my pompoms down . I 'm done covering up Happy Valley 's secrets . And it 's time for others in the program , starting with Coach Paterno , to do the same thing . And then , Joe has got to go , immediately . That is the only real alternative after the shocking allegations that Jerry Sandusky , 67 -- a former assistant coach who worked with the program for more than 30 years and who was viewed by many as Paterno 's heir before he retired in 1999 -- has been charged with multiple felonies in the alleged sexual abuse of eight boys during a 15-year period . Prosecutors now expect that more boys will come forward with abuse claims . Before this week , I 'd argued that Jo Pa should coach until he takes his last breath . He 'd earned it . This year , Penn State tied with Stanford for the top graduation success rate among teams ranked in the October 30 Bowl Championship Series and AP Top 25 rankings , according to the NCAA . During his 46-year tenure , Paterno has had 47 Academic All-Americans , with 37 earning first-team honors . I made excuses for Penn State in 2007 when the women 's basketball coach , Renee Portland , quit after the university was sued over her "  no lesbians on the team " policy . Portland , who had coached at the university for 27 years , was accused of bullying and humiliating one of her young players because she believed the girl was a lesbian . Portland 's homophobic views were well-known on the team . Still , I reasoned that she was just a rogue coach , an anomaly at the school . Surely , her brand of bigotry was not the norm . Right ? And I even defended Penn State after my own ugly experience with discrimination , when an adviser for the cheerleading squad tried to force me to quit the team after I was elected by my peers as the first African-American captain . It was n't the only racial hatred I 'd experienced at the school . In the late '80s , it was routine to find the campus littered with leaflets from the local Ku Klux Klan telling us blacks to "  Go back to Africa . " Sometimes the writer even drew a nice little noose on the fliers . But I stayed at the school , kept cheering on my Nittany Lions . I was proud to be there . Plus , I reasoned that my struggles there would prepare me for the real world . Now , I 've run out of excuses . According to a grand jury report , Paterno back in 2002 was informed by a grad assistant that he had seen former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky naked and forcing a boy who appeared to be about 10-years-old to have anal sex in the showers of the school 's sports complex . Paterno reportedly told his boss , Athletic Director Tim Curley , but it 's unclear whether the coach did anything further to follow up on the shocking report . And incredibly no one , Paterno or his superiors , reported this alleged incident to the authorities . Those of us who have been on campus find it a joke that Coach Paterno would now say that he reported the incident to his bosses . What bosses ? Everyone knows Paterno had as much or more power on that campus than anyone to make things happen , including the president . It 's absolutely unforgivable if Paterno did nothing but pass the information up the chain . In fact , even after this incident was reported , Sandusky still had the keys to the complex and free rein to bring boys he mentored at his nonprofit foundation , the Second Mile , to visit the campus and hang out around the sports facility . If these allegations are proven true , this scandal is far worse than anything that 's happened at other universities . Exploiting dozens and raping young boys could never compare to the minor infractions of boosters buying a car for a player or a player selling his autographed football jersey for a few bucks . Now , as I look back at my years at Penn State and realize that some of these alleged incidents were possibly taking place as I was a student there proudly waving my pompoms , I feel sick . We are ... Penn State . And we are ashamed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones is a proud Penn State alum , former Nittany Lions cheerleader Penn State sports had squeaky-clean reputation ; Jones defended it through thick or thin Jones : Coach Joe Paterno must step down , it is inexcusable he did not tell authorities If this is true , it is far worse than any infractions seen at other universities , she writes
CNN  -- A flat-faced frogfish , bug-eating slug and carnivorous sea sponge are some of the top new species named by scientists . They appear on a "  top 10 " list of new species released Saturday amid warnings from the United Nations that the world is not doing enough to protect vulnerable eco-systems . "  Biodiversity loss is moving ecological systems ever closer to tipping point beyond which they will no longer be able to fulfill their vital functions , " said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on the International Day for Biological Diversity , which is being marked in 11 countries . More coverage : Environment A report released in late April by researchers from the United Nations Environment Program showed that world leaders had failed on a 2002 commitment to reduce the global rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 . It found that since 1970 animal populations had dropped 30 percent , the area covered by mangroves and sea grasses was down 20 percent and the coverage of living corals had fallen 40 percent . "  The deadline has arrived , yet the deterioration of our natural resources continues apace , " the secretary-general said in a statement . He warned that communities everywhere would "  reap the negative consequences , " but that the "  poorest people and most vulnerable communities will suffer most . " A number of events were held around the world Saturday to mark the International Day of Biodiversity . A garden was created along Paris ' Champs-Elysees , children in Brazil were encouraged to dress up as animals , and the European Environment Agency unveiled a "  living wall " at its headquarters in Copenhagen , Denmark . The release of a top 10 list species for 2009 continues an annual tradition that marks the anniversary of the birth of Carolus Linnaeus , who initiated the modern system of classifying plants and animals . The new list , issued by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University , was chosen from 18,225 species new to science in 2008 , the most recent year for which data has been compiled . They come from Africa , Indonesia , Madagascar , Myanmar , New Zealand , the Philippines , Thailand , the U.S. and Uruguay . The new discoveries include a golden orb spider able to spin webs of more than a meter in diameter . It is the first of its species named since 1879 . A minnow with fangs found in Myanmar is the first example of oral teeth-like structure found in the largest family of freshwater fishes . And , the sea slug that eats bugs was an unusual find in Pak Phanang Bay in the Gulf of Thailand as nearly all sacoglossans , or sea slugs , eat algae . "  Most people do not realize just how incomplete our knowledge of Earth 's species is or the steady rate at which taxonomists are exploring that diversity , " said Quentin Wheeler , director of the International Institute of Species Exploration .	Top 10 new species list includes frogfish , golden orb spider , bug-eating slugs Coincides with International Day of Biodiversity being marked in 11 countries United Nations says not enough is being done to reduce rate of biodiversity loss UNEP report found animal populations have dropped 30 percent since 1970
CNN  -- The queen of children 's books is once again venturing into the world of adult fiction . Judy Blume tweeted the cover of her forthcoming novel , "  In The Unlikely Event , " on Monday with the message , "  Started researching this novel in 2009 . Now it is almost ready for you to read . Excited ! #InTheUnlikelyEvent . " The author is well known for iconic adolescent books like "  Are You There God ? It 's Me Margaret , " and her new novel will be her first foray into adult fiction since 1998 's "  Summer Sisters . " At 75 , Judy Blume draws crowds with first film adaptation Blume told People the book , which is due out in June , will tell the tale of a group of family and friends spanning three generations . Real life events from the author 's hometown of Elizabeth , New Jersey will serve as a backdrop . From 1951 to 1952 , there were a series of multiple plane crashes that shut down Newark Airport for a year . Blume said residents "  were understandably terrified " by the crashes and the experience stuck with her . "  These events have lingered in my mind ever since , " she said in a statement . "  It was a crazy time . We were witnessing things that were incomprehensible to us as teenagers . " Carole Baron , Blume 's longtime editor , told People the author "  has been hinting at writing this book for many years . " "  It is a remarkable narrative -- gripping and moving -- and not surprisingly , a book that will keep readers on the edge of their seats , " Baron said .	Blume 's new book is due out in June Real life events from the 1950s will play a role Longtime editor says the novel is "  gripping and moving "
CNN  -- A 22-year-old Virginia man stole a Mercedes SUV at gunpoint the day before he shot dead a Virginia Tech police officer and then took his own life , police said Friday . Virginia State Police on Friday identified Ross Truett Ashley , 22 , as the man who killed Virginia Tech Police Officer Deriek Crouse and then himself about 30 minutes later . A part-time student at Radford University , 15 miles southwest of Blacksburg , Ashley had no connection to or contact with Crouse before Thursday 's shooting , according to a news release from state police . "  State police investigators are continuing their work to establish a motive in the killing and to re-create Ashley 's movements in the days and hours leading up to the murder-suicide , " police said . Ashley entered a real estate office in Radford with a handgun Wednesday and demanded the keys to a white 2011 Mercedes SUV , according to police . He drove off in the car , which was found the next day on the Virginia Tech campus . That 's where and when Ashley and Crouse were found dead , about a quarter mile away from each other . Ballistics evidence shows that both were fatally shot with the same gun , state police said Friday . Police have said they believe Ashley matches the description of the man who shot the officer . Thursday 's double shooting conjured memories from April 16 , 2007 , when student Seung-Hui Cho killed 33 people at Virginia Tech in a mass shooting . "  Once again , the campus and the community that we love so well have been visited by senseless violence and tragic loss , " Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger said in a statement . "  Tragedy again struck Virginia Tech in a wanton act of violence where our police officer , Deriek Crouse , was murdered during a routine traffic stop . " The scale and facts of Thursday 's shooting differ significantly from the incident four years ago . Still , it served as a test of the policies the school has implemented since that tragedy . The latest incident began about 12:15 p.m. Thursday , when Crouse , who had been a Virginia Tech officer for four years , pulled over someone during a routine traffic stop in the Cassell Coliseum parking lot near McComas Hall . Cassell Coliseum houses athletic facilities . McComas Hall houses exercise facilities . Shortly before 12:30 p.m. , police received their first call from a person who said he 'd seen the suspect -- not the driver of the car that had been pulled over -- approach the officer 's vehicle and open fire . The shooter ran from the area . Police said Ashley changed out of his wool cap and pullover at the Virginia Tech greenhouses and put them in a backpack . A Montgomery County deputy sheriff who was on-site because of the first shooting eventually spotted a man who was walking toward the on-campus "  Cage " parking lot . The deputy sheriff temporarily lost sight of this man as he drove toward him , according to the state police chronicle of events released Friday . "  When the deputy finally reached the subject , the man was on the ground and deceased from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " police said . This person did n't have any identification on him and was wearing clothing different from that worn by the person who had shot Crouse , police added . But that clothing was recovered later Thursday in the backpack Ashley had left behind . Maj. Rick Jenkins of the Virginia State Police said a video camera mounted inside the slain officer 's car captured footage of a man with a weapon who matched the description of the man they 'd found dead . In addition to the law enforcement activity , Virginia Tech 's updated communications efforts -- which received criticism in 2007 , for not letting students know quickly or extensively enough what was happening then -- were also put in focus during Thursday 's incident . Campus officials put out six alerts to students and faculty about the shooting . On Thursday , law enforcement and school officials said the alert system put in place in recent years worked well , from technological and communications standpoints . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , whose daughter attends Virginia Tech , lauded the communications effort . McDonnell said his daughter was confined to a basement classroom during the four-hour episode . "  Like so many parents who had children on the Virginia Tech campus , I felt a lot of that angst and uncertainty , " he said . "  Again , I want to express my gratitude to law enforcement for making sure that they kept the faculty  and  parents regularly informed . " Crouse , 39 , joined the Virginia Tech police force six months after the 2007 mass shooting , according to a release on the school 's website . A U.S. Army veteran who had worked at the New River Valley jail and with the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Department , the Christiansburg resident is survived by his wife , as well as five children and stepchildren . The man who killed Crouse is from Partlow , a town about 45 miles north of Richmond in Virginia 's Spotsylvania County . Radford University said Friday in a statement that Ashley was a business management major at the school . Citing the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act , the university said "  no additional information on Mr. Ashley can be provided . " Radford President Penny Kyle said counseling would be made available to that university 's students , akin to services offered at Virginia Tech . Already , members of the Virginia Tech community have come together since the shootings . For instance , scores of people came together on the Blacksburg campus for a candlelight vigil on Thursday night , one day after a similar , smaller event was held . A student-organized group that calls itself Hokies for Crouse said at 9:40 p.m. Friday on its website that it had raised more than $ 31,734 for the slain officer 's family . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Athena Jones , Vivian Kuo , Eric Fiegel and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : More than $ 31,700 is raised for the slain police officer 's family He stole a Mercedes at gunpoint Wednesday in Radford , according to police Video from the slain officer 's car shows a man with a gun before Thursday 's shooting He changed out of his clothing after that shooting , and eventually killed himself
CNN  -- "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " is an uplifting spiritual , one that 's often heard in churches and popularly recognized as the black national anthem . Timothy Askew grew up with its rhythms , but now the song holds a contentious place in his mind . "  I love the song , " said Askew , an associate professor of English at Clark Atlanta University , a historically black college . "  But it 's not the song that is the problem . It 's the label of the song as a ` black national anthem ' that creates a lot of confusion and tension . " The song and its message of struggle and hope have long been attached to the African-American community . It lives on as a religious hymn for several protestant and African-American denominations and was quoted by the Rev. Joseph E. Lowery at Barack Obama 's presidential inauguration . After studying the music and lyrics of the song and its history for more than two decades , Askew decided the song was intentionally written with no specific reference to any race or ethnicity . Askew explains his position in the new book , "  Cultural Hegemony and African American Patriotism : An Analysis of the Song , ` Lift Every Voice and Sing , ' " which was released by Linus Publications in June . The book explores the literary and musical traditions of the song , but also says that a national anthem for African-Americans can be construed as racially separatist and divisive . "  To sing the ` black national anthem ' suggests that black people are separatist and want to have their own nation , " Askew said . "  This means that everything Martin Luther King Jr. believed about being one nation gets thrown out the window . " Askew first became intrigued with "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " while working on his master 's degree at Yale University . He was a Morehouse College music graduate , young , passionate and hungry for knowledge about African-American culture . A fellow classmate suggested Askew explore Yale 's collection on James Weldon Johnson , an early civil rights activist who wrote the song decades earlier . Johnson first wrote "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " as a poem in 1900 . Hundreds of African-American students performed it at a celebration of Abraham Lincoln 's birthday at Jacksonville , Florida 's Stanton School , where Johnson was principal . Johnson 's brother , John Rosamond Johnson , later set the poem to music . By 1920 , the NAACP had proclaimed the song the "  Negro National Anthem . " "  I remember methodically going into the Yale library every day and sitting there on the floor , rummaging through 700 boxes of James Johnson 's work , " Askew said . "  I became so fascinated in his life and letters , that I wanted to know more about the creation of the song and how it related to our modern understanding of it . " He found letters of appreciation to Johnson from individuals of all different ethnic backgrounds . At that moment , Askew had a revelation : The song he 'd known as the "  black national anthem " was for everybody . Some will call his perspective on the song a contradiction , Askew said , especially because he works at a historically black college . But he argues that universities like Clark Atlanta accept students of many races and ethnicities ; a national anthem for one race excludes others , and ignores an existing national anthem , "  The Star-Spangled Banner " by Francis Scott Key . "  Some people argue lines like ` We have come , treading our path through the blood of the slaughtered , ' signify a tie to slavery and the black power struggle , " Askew said . "  But in all essence there is no specific reference to black people in this song . It lends itself to any people who have struggled . " He 's not the only one who sees fault in a national anthem just for African-Americans . Kenneth Durden , an African-American conservative blogger , responded to Askew 's claims on his blog , "  A Free Man , Thinking Freely . " He said in an interview that Askew is right to make connections to King 's view of one America . "  King always appealed to the American dream for all , " Durden said . "  He was a patriot and he never wanted blacks to deny or separate themselves from being American . I think claiming an anthem for ourselves as black people is doing just that . " What troubles Askew more is that the song became an identity marker for African-Americans . "  Who has the right to decide for all black people what racial symbol they should have ? " Askew said . "  Identity should be developed by the individual himself , not a group of people who think they know what is best for you . " Hilary O. Shelton , senior vice president for advocacy and policy for the NAACP , said Askew 's ideas might be far-fetched . "  I do n't see anything that is racially exclusive or discriminatory about the song , " Shelton said . "  The negro national anthem was adopted and welcomed by a very interracial group , and it speaks of hope in being full first-class citizens in our society . " "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " is n't meant to cloud national identity or persuade African-Americans to be separatists , Shelton said . It 's often sung in conjunction with "  The Star-Spangled Banner , " or with the reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance at NAACP events . "  His presumption is that this song is sung instead of our national anthem -- that we are less American and we are not as committed to America because we take pride in the Negro national anthem , " Shelton said . "  It is evident in our actions as an organization and here in America that we are about inclusion , not exclusion . To claim that we as African-Americans want to form a confederation or separate ourselves from white people because of one song is baffling to me . " This is n't the first time "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " has sparked debate . In 2008 , jazz singer Rene Marie substituted the words of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " with the words of "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " at Mayor John Hickenlooper 's State of the City address in Denver , Colorado . Marie said it was a matter of artistic expression , but critics viewed the lyrical switch as disrespect toward the national anthem , a lack of patriotism and an insinuation of racial division . "  I think that we often try to separate the black experience from the American experience , " said Marc Lamont Hill , an associate professor of education at Columbia University who studies hip-hop culture . "  It 's a black national anthem , but it 's also a quintessential American song because of its message of fighting for freedom . It 's not ` lift the black voices , ' it 's ` lift every voice . ' " Askew , though , maintains there 's only one national anthem , "  The Star-Spangled Banner , " and that "  Lift Every Voice and Sing " could take on a new role : a message of victory for all ethnic groups in the United States . "  We need to consider eliminating this alternative label of ` black national anthem ' in order to promote unity , " Askew said . "  I know people will probably think that I 'm a sellout , but I think it is important that African-Americans nationally understand that we should be moving towards racial cohesiveness . "	"  Lift Every Voice and Sing " was written by James Weldon Johnson in 1900 The spiritual hymn is recognized as the "  black national anthem " HBCU Professor Timothy Askew claims a national anthem for one race is racially divisive and separatist
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A 22-year-old medical student suspected of killing a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad was arraigned Tuesday and will be held without bail . Medical student Philip Markoff , 22 , appears in court Tuesday in Boston , Massachusetts . Philip Markoff , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , listened intently but did not speak during the hearing in Boston Municipal Court . Dressed in a blue-striped shirt and slacks , Markoff was handcuffed and wearing leg irons . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A woman identifying herself as Markoff 's fiancee also maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . Megan McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " McAllister wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " She accused Boston police of "  trying to make big bucks by selling this false story to the TV stations . What else is new ?? " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley told reporters , "  This was a brutal , vicious crime -- savage . And it shows that Philip Markoff is a man who 's willing to take advantage of women -- to hurt them , to beat them , to rob them . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , Conley said . A Boston University spokeswoman said the school suspended Markoff , who has no criminal record , when it learned of the charges on Monday . Markoff is charged with killing 26-year-old Julissa Brisman of New York on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Evidence from the scene suggests that Brisman "  put up a fight , " prosecutor Jennifer Hickman said during the hearing Tuesday . Police said Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . She sustained blunt head trauma , Hickman said , and was shot three times at close range . One of those bullets passed through her heart , killing her , she said . Markoff is also charged in connection with the robbery four days earlier of a woman at a Westin Hotel . In that case , the woman made arrangements to meet a man through Craigslist for a massage at the hotel , but was held at gunpoint and bound , Hickman said . She was robbed of $ 800 and personal items , and left tied to a door handle with duct tape over her mouth , Hickman said in court Tuesday . Police said earlier the Westin victim was 29 . She was not identified . Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters , and she was killed during a struggle . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Watch police say assailant has perused Craigslist ads " Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , according to Boston police , who sought public assistance identifying the man . Police traced the Internet communications with Brisman to an e-mail account opened the day before her death , Conley said . Using Internet provider information , they found the computer was at Markoff 's residence in Quincy , Massachusetts , he said . Authorities put the home under surveillance , Conley said , and "  the case just begins to build from there . " "  This poor woman , Julissa Brisman , no matter what choices she made or decisions she made in life , she is a human being who 's entitled to dignity and respect , " Conley said . There may be more victims that authorities are unaware of , he said , adding that the prosecutor 's goal is to hold Markoff accountable , not to pursue women who may be advertising on Craigslist . "  If you have been a victim like these victims have , please come forward , " he said . Markoff is "  bearing up , " according to attorney Salsberg . "  It 's obviously a difficult time for anybody in these circumstances with the charges that have been brought against him . ... He 's pleaded not guilty . He is not guilty , " said Salsberg . McAllister , in her e-mail to ABC , wrote , "  Philip is an intelligent man who is just trying to live his life , so if you could leave us alone we would greatly appreciate it . We expect to marry in August and share a wonderful , meaningful life together . " The couple 's wedding Web site had been taken down or was unavailable as of Tuesday afternoon . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said no conclusions could be made yet , but allowed that the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN the company is "  horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . " He promised that Craigslist will evaluate the incident to see if additional measures could be introduced to protect users . CNN 's Mary Snow and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Not-guilty plea entered in Philip Markoff 's behalf in woman 's slaying in Boston Prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student 's home CEO says Craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing E-mail from suspect 's fiancee says police have "  wrong man "
CNN  -- Even as she prays for her husband 's recovery , Debbie Sacra wants to remind the world that there are thousands dying in West Africa of the deadly Ebola virus . Dr. Rick Sacra is the latest American to become infected with the Ebola virus while working in Liberia for the aid organization Serving in Mission . He was admitted to an Ebola case management center over the weekend near the hospital in Monrovia where he has served for 15 years . "  I am surrounded by friends and family and the body of Christ , who are a great encouragement and who are praying fervently for Rick 's recovery along with me , " Debbie Sacra said in a statement . "  We are trusting in God to be with Rick and us through this difficult circumstance . "  Rick would want me to urge you to remember that there are many people in Liberia who are suffering in this epidemic and others who are not receiving standard health care because clinics and hospitals have been forced to close . West Africa is on the verge of a humanitarian crisis , and the world needs to respond compassionately and generously . " Sacra had been to Liberia with SIM before , and volunteered to go again after he heard fellow missionaries Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly had contracted the virus , SIM President Bruce Johnson said . Writebol spoke publicly for the first time about her ordeal at a news conference on Wednesday . From Charlotte , North Carolina , she thanked God , her family , and health care workers in Liberia and Atlanta for nursing her back to health . "  I 'm so grateful that this beautiful woman is still with me , " her husband David said . "  She is the best part of my life ... I love her with all my heart . " Brantly : ' I felt like I was about to die ' Sacra 's story Sacra , 51 , is from Holden , Massachusetts . He was not directly treating Ebola patients in Liberia during this trip , but was delivering babies at a general hospital in Monrovia , Johnson said . The doctor started to show symptoms of haemorrhagic fever on Friday evening . Health care workers did an Ebola test on Monday , which came back positive for the deadly virus . Sacra was following all protocols and taking all necessary precautions against Ebola , Johnson said . It is unclear how he became infected , but SIM is working with the CDC to determine the point of contact . When asked if the organization was going to bring Sacra back to the United States for treatment , Johnson said all options were being explored . Sacra is not likely to receive ZMapp , the experimental drug given to Writebol and Brantly , as there are no more doses available . But with supportive care , the doctor could very well recover . While Ebola can be deadly in up to 90 % of cases , about half the people in this current outbreak have survived . "  Dr. Jerry Brown , Dr. Sacra 's Liberian colleague , has overseen the care and cure of many Ebola virus disease patients in Liberia , and I trust his expertise , " Debbie Sacra said . Writebol 's story There were mornings in Liberia , as Writebol fought off the deadly Ebola virus , when she woke up and thought with surprise , "  I 'm alive . " Writebol was diagnosed on July 25 . She originally thought she had malaria , she said , and took medication to fight off the mosquito-borne disease . But even after the round of medication was completed , the symptoms persisted . A doctor took a blood sample for an Ebola test "  just to make sure " and it came back positive . When she found out , Writebol told her husband it was going to be OK . But "  I had no clue what was going to happen , " she said . Writebol and Brantly were flown from Liberia to be treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta in early August . As she was being boarded onto the plane , she thought , "  I do n't even know if I 'm going to make it to the U.S. " She said she remembers little else about the moments before the flight , other than a doctor in protective clothing putting his hands around her face and saying , "  Nancy , you 're going home . " At Emory , Writebol was still in pain -- unable to move her legs or feet . But one day , she said , she pushed herself to get out of bed and take a shower . From that point on , doctors saw small signs of progress . Writebol and Brantly were released from the Atlanta hospital two weeks ago , just days apart . When asked what she thinks may have saved her -- The experimental drug ? The dedicated health care workers in Liberia and Atlanta ? Her faith ? -- Writebol answered , "  All of the above . " Writebol , whose missionary work includes 14 years of aiding orphans and vulnerable children in Africa , was in Liberia with the aid organization Serving in Mission . She and her husband arrived there in August 2013 . She guided missionaries and teams and worked with nurses at ELWA hospital in the capital of Monrovia , where her husband is the technical services manager , according to the Christian group 's website . The fact that the Writebols left the comforts of America to live in an area rife with poverty , instability and disease , and put their lives at risk to assist those suffering everyday , does n't surprise those who know them . John Munro , their friend and pastor at Calvary Church in Charlotte , described the couple as "  the salt of the Earth , " the kind of people who would n't give a second thought to dropping everything to help . The only thing perhaps ironic about what 's happening now is how such an "  unassuming " and "  very humble " woman has become international news . "  She is ... not someone who would ever make the headlines , " Munro said , "  apart from something like this . " Married for 40 years , the Writebols have traveled the globe , focused on their faith and their desire to help others . Wherever they 've gone , their lives have been centered on their church and their family , including two now-adult sons who live in the United States . Ebola might have derailed them , but it has n't changed their purpose in life . "  We are n't going to stop our ministry , " David Writebol said last month . "  We believe we can serve wherever God sends us . " For now , the couple is going to enjoy spending time with their children and grandchildren . Writebol said she "  ca n't wait " to put her arms around her family . CNN 's Josh Levs and Greg Botelho contributed to this story .	Dr. Rick Sacra 's wife Debbie says she is "  praying fervently " for his recovery Nancy Writebol speaks for the first time publicly after surviving Ebola "  She is the best part of my life , " husband David Writebol says
CNN  -- In 2011 , as the world marked 10 years since 9/11 , we asked artists around the globe to illustrate the ripple effects of the terrorist attacks . The result was "  9/11 Ripple , " CNN 's first digital art gallery . With the 2012 elections approaching , we again wanted to include artists in our coverage of a major news event . Artists provide unique insight and provoke thought , conversation and community in a critical way and are especially vital during such important times for our country and our world . This time we chose the theme of "  Power " for our digital art gallery . The theme represents not just the obvious power that 's at stake in the election but the more subtle forces that power us as a people and drive our debate over money , health , race and gender -- often to the point of protest and gridlock . Explore the "  Power " digital election art gallery We then reached out to a broad yet select group of artists representing different , influential perspectives in the art world and the broader community and asked them to submit work and participate in building the gallery with us . Our search began in the spring when we met Brad Downey , an exciting American performance artist who was in Atlanta for a collaboration with flux projects . After watching a presentation of his work -- which included videos of creative street art that many would call vandalism -- we asked if he 'd be interested in contributing to "  Power , " the only caveat being that he could n't vandalize anything . The work he submitted is provocative -- a photograph of a CCTV camera on a pole in Karl Marx Allee in Berlin that appears to be on fire . His statement for "  CCTV Sacrifice " sums up his approach : "  Some people say the world will end in fire , while others say it will end with ice . FREEZE , we are watching you ! "  Downey promises us that nothing was damaged and no laws were broken in producing his work . No less provocative is a video by Joe Hollier , "  Era of Great Cynicism . " Set to a syncopated jazz-era beat , his stop-motion animation is a commentary on individuality , beliefs , media influence , health care , elections and more . Noah Fischer , who took part in the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York and initiated Occupy Subways and Occupy Museums , created "  The Power of Gold . " The video juxtaposes images of the Statue of Liberty with a rotating gold coin , and his statement explains his intentions : "  The fear instinct tells us to grab what we need to survive ... yet we live in a nation that once took the goddess of freed slaves as its muse . " Another video performance artist we 're excited about featuring is Liz Magic Laser . Her "  Push Poll " video , complete with actors , a focus group moderator and a pop-up newsroom in New York 's Chinatown , "  explores the power of polls to influence public opinion and the persuasive effects of the so-called ` man on the street ' news segments . " Other works include Seb Jarnot 's "  The War of Smiles , " Molly Crabapple 's "  Big Fish Eat Little Fish Eat Big Fish " and Dorothy O'Connor 's "  Tornado . " Jarnot , a French illustrator whose work has appeared in major publications and ad campaigns , took part in "  Ripple . " His work this year features "  over-smiley portraits " of President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , which he says represent "  violence and power in a fight between ... two different energies . " Crabapple 's playful painting featuring fish is a "  metaphor for revolution and counterrevolution " following the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street movements . And O'Connor 's "  Tornado " portrays a woman creating a destructive whirlwind in her home -- a symbol , she says , of the interplay of democracy , voters and corporate donors . This is only a taste of what you 'll find in "  Power , " our effort to create a space in which different voices can be heard in ways other than words . We hope it will be thought provoking , and we invite you to join the conversation by posting your comments on the gallery .	As 2012 elections approach , CNN asked artists to illustrate the theme of "  Power " Gallery features broad yet select group representing different perspectives CNN 's first digital art gallery , "  9/11 Ripple , " explored the ripple effects of the terrorist attacks . Explore the "  Power " digital election art gallery , which is curated into five topics
Democrats pulled their TV advertising in Kentucky from now through election day , leaving Senate hopeful Alison Lundergan Grimes without air support from the national party , which had invested heavily in trying to unseat the Senate 's top Republican . It 's a sign of how stretched Democrats are in defending their own turf across the country that they can no longer afford to go on offense in the marquee race against Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . But Grimes sources insist they 'll be fine on their own . The campaign , sources said , is flush with $ 4.4 million cash on hand -- much more than other Democrats on the ballot this year . "  Money is not an issue in this campaign , " a Grimes source said . While the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is coming off the air , national Democrats are still likely to spend money on the ground in Kentucky before election day to help boost Grimes ' get out the vote operation . "  We continue to make targeted investments on the ground and will continue to assess the race to decide on future television buys , " a Democratic source with knowledge of the DSCC 's strategy told CNN . The move comes as Democrats focus their resources on defending the party 's endangered incumbents . Senators like Alaska 's Mark Begich , Arkansas ' Mark Pryor , Colorado 's Mark Udall , Louisiana 's Mary Landrieu and New Hampshire 's Jeanne Shaheen are all fighting for survival -- and to keep the GOP from winning the six seats it needs to capture the chamber 's majority . Grimes has been under fire for twice in the last week -- first in an editorial board meeting , and then in a debate with McConnell -- dodging questions about whether she voted for President Barack Obama -- which led NBC 's "  Meet the Press " moderator Chuck Todd to say that the Democratic secretary of state had "  disqualified herself , " and Republicans to immediately place that comment in a TV ad . A Grimes source said that question had come up in debate prep , and she answered it the same way she did during Monday night 's debate , saying that as the state 's chief election officer , the privacy of the ballot box is "  a point of principle with her . " The source said Grimes ' campaign has n't polled on how the fallout over her refusal to disclose how she voted has affected the race , but sees it as a national media-fueled issue . "  The people of Kentucky accept her explanation , " the source said , adding that "  not one person has come up to her to say she needs to divulge " how she 's voted .	The DSCC has gone dark in Kentucky 's Senate race The move means Alison Lundergan Grimes is largely on her own against GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell Democrats are focusing their resources on endangered incumbents
CNN  -- Just days after admitting he had smoked crack cocaine , Toronto Mayor Rob Ford found himself trying to explain more bizarre behavior . A video obtained by the Toronto Star and released Thursday shows the embattled mayor staggering around and making violent threats about some unknown person . "  I 'm going to kill that  expletive  guy . I 'm telling you it 's first-degree murder . ... He dies or I die , brother , " Ford is heard saying in the video . Toronto mayor admits crack cocaine use , wo n't step down Ford makes large motions with his hands in the video as he explains what he will do : "  When he 's down , I 'll rip his  expletive  throat out " and "  I 'll poke his eyes out " and "  I 'll make sure that  expletive  is dead . " Ford responded to the video shortly after it was released , saying that he was drunk at the time . "  All I can do is reassure the people that I do n't know what to say , " Ford told reporters . "  It 's extremely embarrassing . The whole world is going to see it . I do n't have a problem with that . " He added , "  Obviously I was extremely , extremely inebriated . That 's all I have to say . " He 's not Teflon , but to ` Ford Nation , ' Toronto mayor is still their man The context surrounding the short video is not known . In it , the mayor makes reference to someone calling him and his brothers liars . Despite the controversy , Ford is clinging to office , confounding critics and delighting supporters who say he 's done plenty of good for the city despite headlines around the world that have splashed a bit of mud on the image of the gleaming lakeside city that 's arguably the cultural center of English-speaking Canada . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Stephanie Gallman and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	A video shows the Toronto mayor in a rant Rob Ford says he was drunk when he ranted He says he has made mistakes in the past This week he admitted to smoking crack cocaine
Atlanta  CNN  -- Soldiers who just returned from Iraq are among several thousand being ordered to Afghanistan in six months as part of a mission designed to beef up Afghan forces ahead of a planned 2014 U.S. military withdrawal , officials said . News of the pending Afghanistan deployments came as families at bases across the country were celebrating the return in recent days of troops who turned off the lights at a number of U.S. bases ahead of an end-of-the-year deadline to leave Iraq . U.S. general brings Baghdad standard home "  We are glad that we have brought all soldiers back home in time for Christmas to spend with loved ones . We do have to put information out about an upcoming mission , though , " the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 1st Armored Division , said Tuesday on its Facebook Page . In the posting , the brigade said it was one of four selected to "  support a Security Force Assistance Mission to Afghanistan in early summer . " "  We just received initial planning orders so lots of details are unknown , " it said . " ... The mission is part of the transition from combat operations to advisory mission as we did in Iraq and is a sign of progress . " Analysts : Questions remain as U.S. troops leave Iraq Maj. Carla Thomas , a brigade spokeswoman , confirmed the validity of the Facebook announcement . The new mission is part of an overall U.S. military exit strategy from Afghanistan that moves troops from a combat role to advise-and-assist positions that commanders and analysts say will significantly scale back operations ahead of President Barack Obama 's self-imposed deadline to leave the country . Earlier this year , the United States outlined its plan to withdraw its troops , beginning by pulling 33,000 "  surge " troops deployed to help quell the violence by the end of 2012 . The remaining 68,000 troops would be withdrawn by the end of 2014 . News of the deployments comes as the Obama administration pushes to accelerate the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan , a plan that many military commanders have said is unreasonable in a country still trying to gain its security footing . "  I do n't think we are going to turn around guys who spent time in Iraq and put them on planes to Afghanistan ... without there being a clear indication that the Obama administration wants to continue the acceleration of the withdrawal , " said Bill Roggio , Editor of The Long War Journal & Senior Fellow at The Foundation for Defense of Democracies . "  U.S. commanders want to stop with the withdrawal of the 33,000  surge troops .  They want to halt it . " Marine Corps Gen. John Allen , commander of the International Security Assistance Force , has said he would like to keep a U.S. "  military presence " in Afghanistan beyond 2014 when NATO is scheduled to withdraw its forces . Allen suggested the presence could last as long as 2016 when the Afghan Air Force is completed . Allen told reporters last week there is "  no daylight " between him and the White House on this idea . Allen said he wants to shift the U.S. presence to an advisory capacity in the coming months and then continue to do that mission after 2014 . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has asked Allen to review the counterinsurgency strategy and determine what changes are needed . Allen said he has to complete the review before he can decide on the rate of drawdown of current U.S. force levels . The new mission in Afghanistan somewhat mirrors the U.S. exit strategy in Iraq , which used advise and assist teams to improve counterterrorism operations and train security forces . Just like in Iraq , small teams of American troops will work and live among security forces , and will help coordinate military operations , according to comments Allen made to reporters last week . In its Facebook posting , the 4th Brigade Combat Team said those who would be deployed in advise-and-assist roles would be senior enlisted personnel , ranging from master sergeants to colonels . The deployment was expected to last nine months , though it was unclear how many members of the brigade will deploy . Also being deployed are troops from the 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 3rd Infantry Division from Fort Stewart , Georgia ; the 3rd Brigade Combat Team , 4th Infantry Division from Fort Carson , Colorado ; and the 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell , Kentucky . The brigade deployments were first reported this week by Stars and Stripes , a newspaper that caters to military personnel . Under an Army policy , troops are given one month of dwell time for every month they are deployed . In the case of 1st Armored Division 's brigade , which returned in December after less than six months in Iraq , its soldiers could be sent to Afghanistan as early as May . The Pentagon did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Messages left early Wednesday by CNN at public affairs offices at the 3rd Infantry Division , the 4th Infantry Division and the 101st Airborne Division were not immediately returned . Reactions at Fort Bliss were mixed with some soldiers and families telling CNN by telephone that they were resigned to the specter of an Afghanistan deployment , while others said they were surprised elements of the brigade would be deployed so soon after returning from Iraq . None of the soldiers or their family members were willing to be quoted , citing possible repercussions over speaking to the media without prior approval . Responses to the brigade 's Facebook post , though , revealed the feelings of spouses and family members . "  All we can do is enjoy the time we have with them , " one person wrote . Another wrote : "  Not even home a week . How sad . " Questions remain about the stability of Afghan forces , with some questioning whether an Iraq-style exit strategy can work in Afghanistan . "  Given that we are 10 years into this , my confidence level is pretty low that we can turn the Afghan forces around , " Roggio said . Taliban must have clear representative for peace talks , Karzai says The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan began October 7 , 2001 , with an air campaign that was followed within weeks by a ground invasion . President Barack Obama has called it "  the longest-running war in the nation 's history " . As the United States turned its attention toward Iraq , insurgent violence in Afghanistan flared against Afghan civilians and security forces as well as the U.S. and its coalition partners . In 2009 , President Obama authorized a surge of 33,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan to combat the violence . Earlier this year , the president announced a plan to withdraw its troops . The move was followed by withdrawal announcements by most of the NATO nations . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Some soldiers just back from Iraq are heading to Afghanistan , the military says The deployments are part of an overall U.S. exit strategy from Afghanistan Lots of details are unknown , one brigade tells its soldiers Family members of those soldiers just back from Iraq have mixed feelings
CNN  -- It will be remembered as the day that Australia came to Epsom . Aiden O'Brien 's colt -- ridden by the trainer 's son Joseph -- delivered a scintillating performing to capture the Derby , English 's horse racing 's original Blue Riband event . But while the British public are accustomed to antipodean sporting success on their shores , in this case , Australia has a pedigree that 's a little closer to home . The oft-quoted English horseracing authority James Weatherby once said , "  Fortunately , nobody knows how to breed a Derby winner . If they did , it would take all the fun out of it . " Australia 's breeder may disagree . By 2001 Derby winner Galileo , prepotent sire of , among others , Frankel , and out of 2004 Oaks winner Ouija Board , Australia was bred by Lord Derby himself , whose ancestor gave this race its name . Legend has it the decision to name the race after the 12th Earl of Derby was made on the basis of a coin toss in 1779 . Seven generations later , the present Earl was taking no such chances . If ever there was a colt bred to the task of winning the Epsom Derby , Australia is it . There is a theory about thoroughbred breeding which states : "  Breed the best to the best and hope for the best . " Australia , described by his trainer as the best he 's ever trained , carried this hope along with no small measure of expectation . Sent off as a well backed 11-8 favorite , Australia ultimately lived up his billing as a horse worthy of adding his name to a roster of champions that includes the likes of Nijinsky , Mill Reef and Sea the Stars . Under a masterful ride from Joseph O'Brien , riding his second Derby winner after Camelot in 2012 , the chestnut colt glided home comfortably to win by one-and-half lengths . Valiant runner-up Kingston Hill , a previous Group 1 winner himself , rallied bravely before being outclassed in the final stages , while a fast finishing Romsdal completed the placings . For O'Brien , it represented a unique hat trick -- no trainer has previously won the Derby three times in a row . It takes the Irish trainer 's overall record to five wins in this race . "  We are in a very privileged position to have the horses we have , " the master trainer told reporters after the race . "  We always said that he was very special and to have the pace that he has for a Galileo is incredible . " His son Joseph added , "  I had a grand position and I was going easy coming down the hill . There 's no easier horse to ride than him . He is the best . " For Lord Derby he became the first member of his family to breed the winner since the 1933 champion Hyperion	Favorite Australia wins the Epsom Derby , the Blue Riband of English racing Victory means trainer Aidan O'Brien wins the race three times in a row Australia is bred by Lord Derby , whose family the historic raced is named after Kingston Hill finishes second with Romsdal third
CNN  -- The sister of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says there are no hard feelings after a "  leaked " family photo raised questions about online etiquette and privacy on the social network . Randi Zuckerberg , Facebook 's former marketing chief and producer of the Bravo reality series "  Silicon Valley , " posted a photo Wednesday of her family laughing with their smartphones while apparently playing with Facebook 's new Poke app . In the background of the photo , taken in a spacious kitchen , is her brother Mark , sporting his trademark hoodie . It 's unclear exactly what happened next . Either Zuckerberg accidentally made the photo available to all her subscribers instead of only her friends , or a friend of a friend saw it when one of Zuckerberg 's friends "  liked " or commented on it . Either way , Callie Schweitzer , a marketing director for Vox Media , saw it and shared it on Twitter with her 40,000 followers . " @randizuckerberg demonstrates her family 's response to Poke , " she wrote , with a link to the photo . Zuckerberg quickly replied : "  Not sure where you got this photo . I posted it only to friends on FB . You reposting it on Twitter is way uncool . " She then turned around and offered more general commentary to 132,000 followers of her own . "  Digital etiquette : always ask permission before posting a friend 's photo publicly . It 's not about privacy settings , it 's about human decency , " she wrote . Most of those comments have since been deleted but were captured by tech blogs and other sites . What , if anything , the incident says about Facebook 's privacy policies is subject to debate . Some Internet wags were quick to pounce on the episode as an ironic example of Facebook 's confusing privacy settings : See ? Protecting your information on Facebook is so tricky that even a former Facebook executive could n't do it . But who among us has never misclicked something in a drop-down menu ? And if Schweitzer did , in fact , see the photo because a friend commented on it , that 's how Facebook is supposed to work -- unless users have adjusted their default settings . Privacy , though , is always a tricky business for the social megasite . This month , Facebook announced an overhaul to its privacy settings , addressing past complaints that the tools available to clamp down on one 's profile are scattered and hard to find , much less use . And Instagram , the Facebook-owned photo apps , recently backed down on a controversial change to its terms of use that appeared to give the company the right to sell photos to advertisers . That said , all appears to have ended well in Randi Zuckerberg 's case . Schweitzer quickly issued a mea culpa . "  I 'm just your subscriber and this was top of my newsfeed . Genuinely sorry but it came up in my feed and seemed public , " she tweeted to Zuckerberg . And later : "  fwiw , I thought the photo was incredibly endearing which is why I liked it . We never see humans on the Internet ! " By Thursday , Zuckerberg was putting a happy face on the whole thing . "  Fwiw , I 've been exchanging emails w / @cschweitz & she seems lovely , " she wrote . "  The silver lining ? Glad to see a thoughtful debate on sharing/etiquette . "	Randi Zuckerberg , former Facebook exec and CEO 's sister , in flap over shared photo She said a family photo on Facebook was for friends , but it was seen and shared on Twitter Some say issue speaks to confusion over Facebook 's privacy controls Zuckerberg says it 's about etiquette , not privacy and that all is well
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyers began presenting the defense case Monday , calling a doctor who testified that Jackson asked him for an intravenous anesthetic to help him sleep two months before his death . A nurse , who began her testimony late Monday , is expected to testify Tuesday that Jackson asked her , also two months before he died , for IV infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol . The prosecution rested its case in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor Monday morning with the conclusion of testimony by its anesthesiology expert . Defense lawyers will use the next three or four days to challenge the prosecution 's contention that Dr. Conrad Murray 's alleged reckless use of propofol to help Jackson sleep makes him criminally responsible for the pop icon 's death . A Los Angeles doctor who treated Jackson off and on for about two decades for "  his profound sleep disorder " testified that Jackson called him to his home to ask for help about two months before his death . Dr. Allan Metzger testified that Jackson asked him for "  intravenous sleep medicine , " but he did not specifically name a drug . "  I think he used the word juice , " he said . Jackson told him he needed an anesthetic delivered by IV because "  he did not believe any oral medicine would be helpful , " Metzger said . Metzger said that despite Jackson 's request , he only gave him a prescription for two oral sedatives to help him sleep . The defense called Metzger in an apparent effort to show Jackson was seeking -- and getting drugs -- from other doctors at the same time Dr. Murray was working as his full-time physician . The judge stopped the defense from asking Metzger questions about Jackson 's visits to Dr. Arnold Klein , the dermatologist who gave Jackson Demerol injections during frequent visits to his Beverly Hills clinic in the months before his death . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren used the defense witness to make the prosecution 's point that using propofol outside a clinical setting is unacceptable . "  Is there any amount of money that would have convinced you to give him intervenous propofol in his house ? " Walgren asked Metzger . "  Absolutely not , " Metzger answered . The defense then called Cherilyn Lee , a nurse who practices nutrition and natural remedies , who testified that she worked with Jackson to help his fatigue and insomnia from February through April of 2009 . After two months of using IV infusions of vitamins , "  sophisticated " vitamin smoothies and bedtime teas , Jackson began asking for more help , Lee testified . "  His complaint was ' I have a problem sleeping and all the natural remedies and everything you 're doing is not working , ' " she said . "  When I need sleep , I need to go to sleep right away . " The court session ended just before defense lawyer Ed Chernoff could ask Lee to describe what kind of help Jackson was asking for , but the nurse previously told CNN that he requested propofol . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " Lee told CNN on June 30 , 2009 . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " Closing arguments could come as soon as Friday , depending on the length of the defense 's case and the prosecution 's rebuttal , but they could be pushed to next Monday , based on comments by lawyers and the judge . Janet Jackson canceled shows in Australia to be with her family in Los Angeles for the final days of Murray 's trial , but she did not arrive home in time to attend Monday morning 's session . She sat with her parents and several siblings during the first five days of the trial , but she has not been at court in nearly three weeks . "  After talking with my family last night , I decided we must be together right now , " she said in a statement posted Sunday on her website , announcing that three shows this week in Melbourne are canceled . The concert promoter told Jackson fans it was "  important that Janet is with her family at this critical point in the hearing . " Katherine Jackson will travel to London next weekend to fulfill a commitment to attend the premiere of "  Michael Jackson : Life of an Icon , " a documentary about her son , an aide to Jackson said Monday . She agreed to the trip before it was known the trial could last into next week , Trent Jackson said . The first three defense witnesses , called in rapid order Monday morning , were all police officers . A Beverly Hills police officer , the first defense witness , testified that a 911 call routed through her department at 12:20 p.m. on June 25 , 2009 , asked for help at Jackson 's Holmby Hills estate . A Los Angeles police officer testified next about retrieving seven minutes of video from a security camera at Jackson 's home . The video , shown to the jury , captured Jackson 's arrival home from his last rehearsal just before 1 a.m. on the morning he died . Michael Jackson fans sitting in court appeared to become emotional as they viewed the last video ever recorded of the pop icon alive , grainy security camera video of Jackson arriving home from his last rehearsal . Murray 's lawyers have said they plan to call about 15 witnesses , including three medical experts and several of Murray 's patients from his clinics in Las Vegas , Nevada , and Houston . Two other LAPD investigators were called to the stand by the defense Monday and testified briefly . Randy Phillips , the head of AEG Live , is also expected to called by the defense . Murray 's lawyers have argued that Jackson was pressured by Phillips , whose company was promoting his comeback concerts in London , to show up healthy and on time for rehearsals or else the tour might be canceled . Murray told detectives Jackson begged for his "  milk , " his nickname for propofol , after a sleepless night and just hours before he died from what the coroner has said was an overdose of the surgical anesthetic . Murray , in a police interview , said he was using sedatives to wean Jackson from propofol , which he had used almost every night for two months to fight his insomnia . But after a long , restless night and morning , the lorazepam and midazolam had no effect , Murray said . "  I 've got to sleep , Dr. Conrad , " Murray said Jackson pleaded to him . "  I have these rehearsals to perform . I must be ready for the show in England . Tomorrow , I will have to cancel my performance , because you know I can not function if I do n't get to sleep . " Murray said he gave in to Jackson 's pleas and gave him an injection of 25 milligrams of propofol around 10:40 a.m. . The testimony of anesthesiologist expert Dr. Steven Shafer , concluded Monday morning , 11 days after he took the stand as the prosecution 's 33rd , but perhaps most important , witness . Shafer testified last week that there was no way Jackson got only the amount of propofol Murray said he did , based on the high level of the drug found in blood taken during his autopsy . The "  only scenario " to explain Jackson 's death was that he overdosed on propofol infused through an IV drip set up by Murray , Shafer said . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's death was a homicide , the result of "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with sedatives . The defense contends Jackson self-administered the fatal dose , along with sedatives , without Murray knowing . Shafer said the level of propofol in Jackson 's blood taken during his autopsy could not have been from either Murray or Jackson injecting the drug , but only from an IV system that was still flowing when his heart stopped . Prosecutors , however , opened the door for one scenario in which Jackson , not Murray , could have triggered the overdose . "  Can you rule out the possibility that Michael Jackson manipulated something to cause it to flow ? " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren asked Friday . "  That 's a possibility , " Shafer said . But that is assuming Murray set up the drip and left Jackson 's side , he said . Would Shafer 's opinion that Murray was responsible for Jackson 's death change if he knew Jackson turned the drip on ? "  No , if Michael Jackson had reached up , seen the roller clamp and opened it himself , this is a foreseeable consequence of setting up an essentially dangerous way of giving drugs , " Shafer said . "  It does n't change things at all . It would still be considered abandonment . "	NEW : Jackson asked for "  intravenous sleep medicine , " Dr. Allan Metzger says NEW : Nurse Cherilyn Lee , who told CNN Jackson asked her for propofol , testifies Defense starts case after prosecution rests Monday Katherine Jackson may miss the verdict if the trial lasts into next week
Tripoli  CNN  -- Libya said Tuesday that its chemical weapons , including artillery shells and bombs filled with mustard gas , have been destroyed . The destruction , completed just a few days ago , was "  an important milestone " for Libya fulfilling its obligations under the chemical weapons convention , according to that country 's Foreign Ministry . "  Libya has become totally free of usable chemical weapons that might present a potential threat to the security of the local communities , the environment and the neighboring areas , " it said . According to Andrew C. Weber , U.S. assistant secretary of defense for nuclear , chemical and biological defense programs , the weapons destroyed were : 517 artillery shells filled with mustard gas , eight 250 kilogram bombs filled with mustard gas and 45 tubes filled with mustard gas . "  We ensure that they never fall in the hands of violent extremists , so we are preventing the potential for weapons of mass destruction terrorism , " Weber told reporters in Tripoli . The destruction operations over the past few months were a joint effort involving Libyans trained for the tasks , with technical assistance and logistical support from the United States , Germany and Canada . The next phase will be preparations for the destruction of "  chemical precursors , " or Category 2 chemicals , according to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . Officials there say the destruction of chemical precursors is expected to be completed by the end of 2016 . Hillary Clinton : Biggest regret at State Department was Benghazi	Among the weapons destroyed were artillery shells and bombs filled with mustard gas The United States , Germany and Canada aided in the effort The Libyan Foreign Ministry describes the move as "  an important milestone "
CNN  -- All the traditional elements were in place for Joseph and Fiona Long 's 2009 New Year 's Eve wedding . She wore a white dress ; he wore a tuxedo and her family wore kilts in honor of her Scottish heritage . After they exchanged vows and rings and sealed the deal with a kiss , an officiant in a black robe pronounced them husband and wife . Then , they dined and danced the night away at an Atlanta country club with their closest friends and loved ones , culminating in a midnight confetti drop . Missing from the guest list : God . The Longs are atheists who did not want gods or religious texts involved in their marriage celebration . But apart from the non-church setting , the only hint at an deliberately non-religious wedding was contained within their vows and readings . These included selections from Shakespeare , Robert Burns and the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage , which they felt "  beautifully expressed the social and secular significance of marriage without any appeal to religion , " said Joseph Long , a lawyer in Tampa , Florida . "  We felt it made the point well that you can have the sanctity of marriage without having to fit into a particular group , " he said . "  It basically states that marriage is extremely important in society for a variety of reasons , regardless of what someone 's god thinks about it . " As secularism continues to rise in the United States , more couples like the Longs are deviating from a traditional wedding blueprint that includes prayers , blessings and biblical passages . "  A secular wedding can be exactly like a religious wedding with two key differences : no mention of any deities and no recitation of supposedly sacred texts , " said David G. McAfee , author of "  Mom , Dad , I 'm an Atheist : The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer and Disproving Christianity and other Secular Writings . " "  Many secular weddings have vows , flowers , rings , a reception , a kiss at the end , " he continued . "  Although most religions have incorporated marriage rules and ceremonies into their faiths , the act of marriage itself is not a religious one ; it 's a human one . " Venues , readings and vows are just some considerations for atheist couples or couples planning secular weddings . Others struggle with how to break the news to relatives or meet their demands , especially if those loved ones are helping pay for it . Some couples provide relatives with opportunities to say a few words within set parameters during the ceremony or reception , said Ed Buckner , former president of American Atheists and current chair of the Atlanta Freethought Society . He has performed several atheist weddings over the past decade and emphasizes that it 's important to talk about it ahead of time , openly and honestly . "  You need to stop and think about what you want to accomplish . Are you trying to publicly commit to a lifelong union with your partner on your terms , or do you want to please others ? " he said . "  I would argue that if you do n't believe in God and have God blessing the celebration , you 're participating in a sham . But , there are ways to to acknowledge God for others , if that 's what you want , " Buckner advised . Give fair warning Buying a home was more important to Wendy Rank and her fiance than spending big bucks on a wedding . Instead , they went to a justice of the peace in September "  for the official stuff " and held a "  picnic wedding " in their backyard later in the day . Her mother paid for catering while more local guests brought side dishes . "  We wanted to get married , but we 're not really comfortable with doing it in a church and all that stuff , " Rank said . "  We 're introverts , so we did n't want a big wedding . Just a few friends and family . This way , we had a wedding and a housewarming party . " They wanted to keep it simple and inexpensive for everyone . Rank comes from a family of believers , so she felt like she needed to warn them on the wedding invitation with a message to the effect of : "  This is a small , nontraditional secular service . If you 're comfortable with that , we 'd love to have you . " Most relatives ended up coming , though no one who did n't show up explicitly cited the secular event as the reason . "  We wanted to put it out there so no one would book a flight and fly 3,000 miles expecting a pastor and a ceremony . " It worked out for the guests as well ; several of her mother 's religious friends said they enjoyed the wedding it because it was "  short and sweet . " Rank 's sister and brother-in-law did a reading from Calvin and Hobbes before the couple exchanged rings and planted a tree -- their twist on a unity candle . "  No one said anything or seemed to or care that it was secular or atheist wedding , " said Rank , who lives outside Nashville , Tennessee . "  It was a perfect day . " Elope now , wedding later Darren and Sheena Thomas are proud atheists who met on the dating site OK Cupid . Both come from deeply religious families . As the son of a nondenominational Christian pastor , Darren Thomas grew up going on mission trips and attending church camp . At 16 , he stopped going to church and became the black sheep of the family . In his 20s , he started identifying as atheist , meaning he does n't believe in "  anything supernatural : God , the afterlife , ghosts , spirits , supernatural souls , anything like that . " When he came out to his parents , they tried to convince him to return to Christianity for a period of time . Eventually , his father acknowledged that there was nothing he could say or do and decided it was up to God to change his son 's mind . He would always love and support his son . Still , after Darren proposed to Sheena in February , it was hard to tell his father that he did n't want him to perform the wedding . "  I tried to frame it in a positive light ; I told him I wanted him to enjoy it without having to work it , " said Darren Thomas , a high school English teacher . "  But we 're pretty passionate about our beliefs , and we want to have a secular service with no mention of God , Jesus , eternity or blessings . " Growing up in West , Texas , Sheena Thomas and her family were pretty much the only people of color , so religion was a way for her to fit in , make friends and be part of a community . In college , she was exposed to a broad swath of faiths , ethnicities and sexual orientations . Sheena began to question her own beliefs and came to realize that atheism felt right for her . Her family still struggles with this decision ; her mother periodically laments that she wo n't see her daughter in the afterlife , and her grandparents say they are praying for her . She keeps discussion of religion to a minimum . Their attitude toward religion contributed in part to the couple 's decision to elope in August , about a year before they 'd originally planned to have a wedding . Everyone knew the couple had gotten engaged in February , but when Sheena Thomas lost her job , they decided to get legally married without the celebration . "  We basically decided that it would be easier to tell everyone after the fact , " Darren Thomas said . The Thomases made it official and then brought a wedding photographer to Denver 's Red Rock amphitheater , the site of their first date in 2011 . They still plan on throwing a book-themed wedding in July 2014 to celebrate their relationship and their shared passion . Sheena , a librarian , is working on bouquets and centerpieces of book pages , and the save-the-dates are made from old library due date cards . The Thomases have n't decided on readings , but they 're leaning toward some of their favorite texts related to love and romance . Darren 's looking at something from "  Jane Eyre " or "  Love in the Time of Cholera . " For Sheena , it might be Kurt Vonnegut . "  What has bothered me about some weddings is , the focus becomes God and religion when it should be about the two of you and your and relationship , " Sheena Thomas said . "  I like that our wedding is going to be focused on us and our love . " Is it important to you that a wedding have religious elements ? Please share in the comments below .	Joseph and Fiona Long deliberately excluded religious texts from their wedding Experts say it 's important to let religious family members know that the event will be secular Couples need to prepare for the possibility that not everyone will approve "  I like that our wedding is going to be focused on us and our love , " said one atheist bride
Paris , France  CNN  -- On the second day of Manuel Noriega 's money-laundering trial , the former Panamanian dictator told a French court late Tuesday that he had a once-strong relationship with the United States . "  I received high praise from the U.S. , Interpol and other countries who all benefited from my fight against drugs , " Noriega said . Testifying in Spanish -- and standing for a total of five hours with only two five-minute breaks -- he added , "  I was especially in contact with the CIA , " describing himself as a "  mediator . " Noriega was extradited from the United States to France in April to face charges that he laundered drug-trafficking profits of 15 million French francs , or 2.3 million euros  U.S. $ 2.8 million  . He denies the charges , and claimed Tuesday he had documents proving that he was the victim of a conspiracy . His trial is expected to close Wednesday . Wearing a black suit , a gray tie and a red pocket handkerchief , Noriega presented reasons for the numerous bank transactions and cash deposits he had made throughout Paris in 1988 and 1989 . When Judge Agnes Quantin began to press him over specific dates of certain transactions , he simply replied , "  I do n't know " or "  I do n't remember . " And after being asked to review his career , he often got dates confused and had to be prompted by his lawyers . The review lasted roughly one hour . The lawyers , Olivier Metzner and Yves Leberquier , told reporters in front of the court Monday that Noriega had always disclosed where his money came from . His lawyers repeatedly emphasized that Noriega had been awarded the Legion d'honneur , a highly prestigious award in France that is given to individuals with outstanding civilian or military achievement . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cleared the way for Noriega to be sent to France in April after he spent more than 20 years in a U.S. federal prison . Noriega and his attorneys had argued that the United States was violating the Geneva Convention by not sending him back to Panama , where he was seized by U.S. troops after the United States invaded that country in 1989 . U.S. federal courts ruled against him . U.S. forces removed the ex-dictator from office during Operation Nifty Package , the 1989 invasion of Panama . Noriega had fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . U.S. troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He eventually surrendered on January 3 , 1990 , and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . After his drug conviction , Noriega was given POW status . His federal sentence , originally for 30 years , ended in September 2007 after time off for good behavior . In Panama , Noriega is wanted for the murder of a political rival . Panama has requested his extradition , but the United States honored France 's extradition request instead . France has already convicted Noriega in absentia for money laundering but then promised him a new trial . Panama also has convicted him in absentia and has said he would get a new trial . While in U.S. custody , Noriega suffered from prostate cancer and had a stroke . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia to protect cocaine and money shipments . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Noriega : I had a once-strong relationship with the U.S. "  I was especially in contact with the CIA , " he tells court Noriega testified in Spanish , stood for a total of 5 hours His money-laundering trial is expected to wrap up Wednesday
LONG ISLAND , New York  CNN  -- The death of a temporary Wal-Mart worker trampled by customers amid frantic Black Friday shopping could have been avoided , the union that represents retail workers said Saturday . Customers rushing to get into a Valley Stream , New York , Wal-Mart damaged doors and trampled a worker . Jdimytai Damour , 34 , was crushed as he and other employees attempted to unlock the doors of a Long Island , New York , store at 5 a.m. Friday , police said . "  This incident was avoidable , " said Bruce Both , president of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1500 , the state of New York 's largest grocery worker 's union . "  Where were the safety barriers ? Where was security ? How did store management not see dangerous numbers of customers barreling down on the store in such an unsafe manner ? "  This is not just tragic ; it rises to a level of blatant irresponsibility by Wal-Mart , " he said . Watch father of trampled worker react " Wal-Mart spokesman Dave Tovar said Saturday that the company had no response to the union 's comments , referring CNN to a written statement the retailer released Friday . The statement said the store added internal security , brought in outside security , erected barricades and worked with Nassau County police in anticipation of heavy crowds . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the deceased , " Wal-Mart Senior Vice President Hank Mullany said in the statement . "  We are continuing to work closely with local law enforcement , and we are reaching out to those involved . " Damour 's death was one of two high-profile violent incidents on Black Friday , the day after Thanksgiving and traditionally one of the year 's busiest shopping days . Police say two men shot each other dead in a Toys "  R " Us in Palm Desert , California , after they argued in the store . The fight did not appear to be related to shopping , according to authorities . At the Wal-Mart , police say that a line began forming at 9 p.m. Thursday and that , by 5 a.m. Friday , there were as many as 2,000 customers outside . A video showed about a dozen people knocked to the ground as the doors were opened and the crowd surged , breaking the doors . Minutes later , police trying to give Damour first aid were jostled by customers still running into the store , authorities said . The union is calling for an investigation "  by all levels of government " to ensure justice for Damour 's family and make sure that such an incident never happens at Wal-Mart again . Watch reaction to the incident " "  If the safety of their customers and workers was a top priority , then this never would have happened , " said Patrick Purcell , a projects director for the local UFCW . "  Wal-Mart must step up to the plate and ensure that all those injured , as well as the family of the deceased , be financially compensated for their injuries and their losses . Their words are weak . " The UFCW has long been a harsh critic of Wal-Mart 's , arguing that the world 's largest retailer offers low wages and poor health care for its workers and pushes competitors and suppliers to do the same or go out of business . The group has had only marginal success in organizing Wal-Mart workers in the United States and Canada , citing aggressive anti-union efforts by Wal-Mart . The UFCW has 1.3 million members working largely in the retail , food and food-processing industries . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Retail workers union says Wal-Mart showed "  blatant irresponsibility " Discount chain said it made many preparations for Black Friday Temporary worker was trampled as he unlocked doors at 5 a.m. Union has been one of Wal-Mart 's harshest critics
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Cheryl Reed 's morning routine starts like that of millions of other mothers around the country . She makes breakfast for her 8-year-old son and 6-year-old daughter , piles them into a minivan and drops them off at school . Cheryl Reed has a rare form of breast cancer that mostly affects young African-American women . It 's the next stop that sets Reed apart from other women . Three weeks a month , she heads to the infusion center at the Emory Winship Cancer Institute in Atlanta , Georgia , for chemotherapy treatments . Reed , 40 , has breast cancer ; not just any form of the disease , but a rare , aggressive and difficult to treat version called triple negative . Of the estimated 180,000 women who learn they have invasive breast cancer this year in the United States , about 15 percent will have triple negative . Like Reed , the majority of triple negative patients will be young African-American women . "  It never occurred to me that I 'm going to die from this , " Reed said . "  I was like , ` I 've got breast cancer , let 's take care of it . ' " Reed did take care of it . For eight months during 2006 , she endured chemotherapy and radiation treatments . She thought the cancer was in remission , but it returned last November . This time , it had spread to her liver , lungs and chest wall . "  Triple negative cancers do tend to be aggressive in their natural histories , so they have a very high rate of recurrence or relapsing , " explained Dr. Ruth O'Regan , Reed 's oncologist at the Winship Institute . She 's one of several breast cancer experts around the country who are trying to learn more about what causes triple negative and how to treat it more effectively . Dr. Funmi Olopade , a professor of medicine at the University of Chicago , was at the forefront of identifying triple negative and the trend among African-American women . She said what makes it different from other types of breast cancer is that women with the disease lack three hormone receptors known to fuel most breast cancer tumors : estrogen , progesterone and HER2 . Health Minute : More on triple negative breast cancer " "  When you have triple negative , it means that we can not use hormone therapy . ... The only way we can treat that type of breast cancer is to use chemotherapy , " Olopade said . Tamoxifen and Herceptin , two of the most effective medications for treating breast cancer , do n't work for triple negative breast cancer patients . But if a patient responds well to chemotherapy , Olopade said , there 's a very good chance of curing the disease . "  The challenge we have is when the cancer comes back , " she added . "  Right now , we do n't have any effective way to treat it , and that 's why when it comes back , it tends to be deadly . " Reed is enrolled in a clinical trial at the Winship center where she 's receiving chemotherapy along with a drug called Avastin , which cuts the blood supply to cancer cells . Olopade is hoping better drugs will be available in the next two to five years that will help eradicate triple negative cancer cells . In the meantime , she stressed , early detection is the key to recovery , especially for women at highest risk . "  In this country , what we have found was young African-American women have a rate that is higher than young white women , and we do n't know if that is because of a gene or other risk factors , " Olopade said . "  We know that women with a family history of breast cancer who have a BRCA1 mutation are most at risk , " she said . BRCA1 is a major breast cancer-causing gene that was identified 14 years ago . Olopade said women born with the defective gene have a higher chance of getting breast cancer and at a younger age . Olopade also wants to explore further whether triple negative rates are higher among women who do not breastfeed their children . "  It 's that first pregnancy and first breastfeeding that really allows the breast to become fully mature , " she said . She worried that in general , "  African-Americans are not likely to breastfeed , as they are getting in the work force and returning to work soon after childbirth . " Even with several clues , Olopade acknowledged that researchers still do n't know a lot about triple negative breast cancer and more study is needed . She encouraged all young women , no matter what their race , to talk to their doctor about doing a risk assessment for the BRCA1 gene . If there is a family history of the gene mutation , some physicians may tell a woman not wait until she turns 40 to get her first mammogram . "  We begin screening as early at 25 , " Olopade said . "  Many of the women are surviving . They are beating the odds of dying because they know they can do preventive approaches to reduce their risk of dying . " Reed is trying to increase her chances of survival by getting experimental treatment in the clinical trial . She seems to be responding well , but she 's realistic . "  There 's always the possibility that once this is done , it could be two years and I 'm back in treatment again , " she said . "  It really is a part of my life now . ... I 'm a survivor . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Triple negative breast cancer is rare , aggressive and difficult to treat Most triple negative patients are young African-American women Early detection is the key to recovery , says Dr. Funmi Olopade
Washington  CNN  -- For any other candidate , raining on a presidential announcement parade would be seen as sabotage . Not former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . The 2012 presidential candidate told CNN 's Piers Morgan Monday that he was n't offended when former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin appeared in the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire on the same day he was set to formally announce his intention to seek the 2012 GOP nomination for president . In fact , though Romney shared his plans one week in advance and Palin insisted on keeping the destination of her top-secret bus tour under wraps until the day before her New Hampshire appearance , Romney insisted that the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee "  really did n't ruin my day . " "  In a lot of respects it 's the best thing that could happen to me , " he said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  Right now , your greatest enemy is overexposure . People get tired of seeing the same person day in and day out . " And Romney , who also sought the GOP nomination in 2008 , had nothing but kind words for Palin , who 's still batting around the will-she-or-won ` t-she question . "  I think Sarah Palin is generating enthusiasm and interest in a campaign this year . That 's a good thing , " he affirmed . "  She has a lot of energy and passion and bringing it to our race is positive for us . " But for all the benefits of enthusiasm and interest , Romney will choose a different tack for the time being , opting instead to lay low . "  People are going to start focusing on the elections probably after Labor Day , " he said . "  For us , I 'm not doing a lot of TV - just a couple of very key interviews where I get a chance to talk about things I care about , " Romney revealed . "  Until Labor Day hits I 'm going be pretty quiet . "	Romney says he is not offended at Palin 's appearance in New Hampshire She "  really did n't ruin my day , " he tells Piers Morgan He intends to lie low . "  Your greatest enemy is overexposure , " he says
CNN  -- International scientists have announced the discovery of a tiny moon orbiting Saturn . The speck of light , captured by cameras on board the Cassini spacecraft , was first observed on August 15 . The speck of light , captured by cameras on board the Cassini spacecraft , was first observed on August 15 . A review found the moonlet on two earlier images and it has since been seen on multiple occasions . The finding appeared in Tuesday 's edition of the International Astronomical Union circular . The moon is about one-third of a mile  a half-kilometer  across and circles Saturn as a part of the planet 's sixth , or G , ring . "  Before Cassini , the G ring was the only dusty ring that was not clearly associated with a known moon , which made it odd , " said Matthew Hedman , a Cassini imaging team associate at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York . "  The discovery of this moonlet , together with other Cassini data , should help us make sense of this previously mysterious ring . " Early next year , Cassini 's camera will take a closer look at the moonlet . The Cassini Equinox mission , an extension of the original four-year mission , is expected to continue until fall 2010 . If the craft continues to function properly , the mission could be extended up to two more years . Cassini , which was funded by NASA and the European and Italian space agencies , launched in 1997 and took seven years to make the 934 million-mile  1.5 billion-kilometer  trip to Saturn . Since its arrival , Cassini has been making a looping voyage through the Saturn system and is returning loads of data on the ringed planet and its moons . Three years ago , a space probe launched from Cassini found evidence of geysers erupting from underground pools of liquid water on Saturn 's moon Enceladus . High-definition pictures beamed back from the probe showed huge plumes of ice coming from the moon 's south pole .	The speck of light was first observed on August 15 The moon is one-third of a mile across and circles Saturn as a part of its sixth ring The images were captured by cameras on board the Cassini spacecraft
The overall documented death toll in devastated Syria has reached 92,901 , the United Nations said Thursday . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay announced the figure , saying it was a result of an updated analysis carried out by specialists and covers the period between March 2011 and the end of April 2013 . "  Unfortunately , as the study indicates , this is most likely a minimum casualty figure , " she said . "  The true number of those killed is potentially much higher . " The analysis shows a dramatic increase in the average monthly number of documented killings since the beginning of the conflict , from around 1,000 per month in the summer of 2011 to an average of more than 5,000 per month since July 2012 , according to the U.N. report . "  This extremely high rate of killings , month after month , reflects the drastically deteriorating pattern of the conflict over the past year , " Pillay said . Nearly 83 % of the documented victims are male , while about 8 % are female . The genders of the others were not indicated . The report also tallies the deaths of more than 6,500 minors . More than a quarter of them were under the age of 10 , the report said . The analysis was not able to differentiate consistently between combatants and noncombatants , and around three-quarters of the reported killings do not record the victim 's age , according to the report .	More than 5,000 people a month are dying in Syria , the U.N. says The actual death rate is believed to be much higher More than 80 % of the victims are male , U.N. says , and thousands are minors
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- The family of a missing Missouri baby continued to make news Friday , cutting ties with its attorney hours after canceling a police interview with the girl 's two half-brothers . Cyndy Short , the attorney who had been speaking for the family of 11-month-old Lisa Irwin , is no longer working with the family , her Kansas City , Missouri , law firm announced Friday in a statement . There was no immediate indication as to who , if anyone , will represent the family instead . Meanwhile , Kansas City Police Captain Steve Young said late Thursday that the Irwin family 's lawyer -- at that point , presumed to be Short -- had canceled a police interview with the girl 's two older brothers . The boys , ages 8 and 6 , were in the family 's Kansas City home when the girl was reported missing on October 4 . They were previously interviewed just after she disappeared , both for less than an hour , Kansas City police Capt. Steve Young said . The "  nonconfrontational " re-interview planned for Friday would have been conducted by a child services specialist without a police officer in the room , according to Young . "  It 's  not an interrogation , " he said . "  They are kids , after all . " It was unclear whether the boys ' interviews will be rescheduled . Authorities have also said they are seeking tests on the boys , in order to eliminate them from all the DNA found in the home during a search . Police have said the infant 's parents , Jeremy Irwin and Deborah Bradley , will not submit to separate interviews . But Short , speaking earlier as the couple 's attorney , disputed that account . "  Being questioned separately is not the issue , " Short said . She said the couple has been cooperative and has been interviewed separately as well as together . They do n't mind being interviewed separately as long as the detectives are fair , open-minded and nonaccusatory , she said . Lisa was reported missing about 4 a.m. October 4 , after her father arrived home from work to find the door unlocked , the lights on and a window tampered with . The girl 's mother said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. the previous day . A cadaver dog searching the family 's Kansas City home indicated a positive "  hit " for the scent of a body , police said . On that information , Short said law enforcement typically begins such investigations inside the home , and then , if warranted , the inquiry moves outside the family . "  We do n't know exactly what happened here , so we need to keep broadening the investigation , " she said . CNN 's Jim Spellman and Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	NEW : An attorney says she 's no longer representing the family of Lisa Irwin The 11-month-old girl was reported missing on the morning of October 4 A Friday interview with her half-brothers was canceled Police have said they are also seeking DNA tests on the boys
CNN  -- SeaWorld defended itself Sunday from criticism from a family after a dolphin bit their 8-year-old daughter at the Orlando attraction . A video posted online shows the girl standing along the edge of a pool , one of several people feeding dolphins . After she picks up a paper plate that once held the marine mammal 's food , a dolphin lunges at her and bites her hand . The dolphin let go after a few seconds , but not before leaving three puncture wounds on the girl 's hand . In a statement , SeaWorld spokeswoman Becca Bides said on-site "  educators and animal care staff ... immediately connected with the family . In addition , a member of our health services team was in the area at Dolphin Cove and quickly responded and treated the young girl . " Yet in an interview with CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB , the family at the center of the November 21 incident faulted the central Florida attraction 's staff for not warning them the dolphins might bite and for their response after the girl was injured . "  We felt powerless , " the girl 's father , Jamie Thomas , said in explaining their decision to post a video on YouTube . "  We thought , look , we 've got this video , let 's make it public , and let 's try to put some pressure on SeaWorld to make some changes . " The 8-year-old , Jillian Thomas , said she "  accidentally held " up the paper plate , after which the dolphin "  jumped up and ate the carton and bit my hand . " "  I was thinking it was going to haul me into the water , " she said . "  And this is a little crazy , but I thought it was ... going to eat my hand off . " Jamie Thomas said those feeding the dolphins were told the paper plate should stay on the wall , "  but we really did n't know why . " No one signed a disclaimer , and there were no signs indicating any risk , the father said . The girl 's mother , Amy Thomas , said she was upset about SeaWorld staffers ' response . "  They did not tell us to look out for any signs of infection , " the mother said . "  We had to ask for Band-Aids . " The Thomas family never contacted SeaWorld after leaving the park , Bides said . She defended the attraction and its protocol , including "  specific instructions to not pick up the paper trays at any time . " "  Our guests are given clear instructions on how to feed the dolphins in an appropriate and safe way , " Bides said . " ... Unfortunately , there are times when instructions are not followed . " Race is on to find Gulf Coast dolphin killers Video : Dolphin is reunited with its rescuers	Video shows a SeaWorld dolphin lunging and biting a girl 's hand for a few seconds Her family faults SeaWorld for insufficient warnings and the response after the girl was bit A SeaWorld spokeswoman says the 8-year-old girl got immediate treatment She adds that the girl did n't follow "  specific instructions " meant to prevent such incidents
CNN  -- A Florida man in custody in Haiti faces first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and five children , authorities said Tuesday . Police have obtained a warrant to arrest Mesac Damas , 33 , on suspicion of six counts of first-degree murder . Police obtained a warrant overnight to arrest Mesac Damas , 33 , on suspicion of six counts of first-degree murder , the Collier County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . "  This warrant was obtained based on information and evidence collected thus far in the investigation and statements made by Damas to a federal agent after his detention in Haiti , " the statement said . The body of Damas ' wife , Guerline Damas , 32 , was found Saturday in the family 's North Naples , Florida , home , along with those of the couple 's five children -- Michzach , 9 ; Marven , 6 ; Maven , 5 ; Megan , 3 ; and Morgan , 11 months , police said . Authorities have not said how the five were killed , but Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk described the scene as "  horrific . " Police released few new details in the case at a Tuesday news conference , except to say they think the killings were premeditated . They added that under the law , "  premeditated " does not necessarily mean a crime was planned far in advance . Damas was last seen about 9 p.m. Thursday at the Naples restaurant where he was employed as a cook , authorities said . On Friday , he is thought to have arrived at Miami International Airport about 7 a.m. . He boarded a flight for Haiti about 10 a.m. , Rambosk said . His car was found at the airport . He purchased a one-way ticket to Haiti , police said Tuesday . Police had asked the FBI and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for help in finding Damas . The FBI 's legal attaché in the Dominican Republic notified Collier County authorities that a man believed to be Damas was taken into custody Monday by the Haitian National Police . "  Information obtained by CCSO shows Damas was found hiding near a hotel in the capital city of Port-au-Prince , " a sheriff 's statement said Tuesday . The judge who signed the warrant ordered that Damas be held without bond upon his return to Collier County , authorities said . If convicted of six counts of first-degree murder , Damas could face life in prison or the death penalty . Collier County investigators are traveling to Port-au-Prince on Tuesday to interview Damas , the statement said . Rambosk said authorities are looking into two options to return Damas to Florida : following the normal extradition process , or having him deported from Haiti , since he is a U.S. citizen . Mesac and Guerline Damas had a history of domestic violence , police said . Mesac Damas was arrested in January , and pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery charges against his wife in June . Police said they did not believe he served any jail time , and did not think a restraining order was currently in place regarding the couple . However , an arrest warrant was issued Monday for Damas on charges of violating probation stemming from the January arrest . The Damases had been married about 10 years , Rambosk said . He did not know how long they had lived in Naples . The six bodies were found about 6:30 p.m. Saturday , a day after police had visited the home to check on the family , Collier County sheriff 's Capt. Chris Roberts said . A family member asked police to conduct a welfare check on the home Friday , saying a resident there had not been heard from , Roberts said . Responding officers knocked on the door and got no answer , he said , but they saw nothing that aroused their suspicions . The following morning , the family member became more concerned and filed a missing persons report , Rambosk said . Later , authorities requested a key to the house from property management , as well as authorization to enter . Rambosk said Tuesday the victims ' family members are "  extremely emotional and distraught . "	NEW : At a news conference , police say they think killings were premeditated Mesac Damas charged with first-degree murder in deaths of wife , 5 children Six bodies found Saturday in family 's North Naples , Florida , home , police say Damas , 33 , captured Monday in Haiti ; authorities are headed there to interview him
Jarratt , Virginia  CNN  -- Justice fell short with the execution of Washington-area sniper John Allen Muhammad , one of his victims ' survivors said after witnessing his death by lethal injection . Muhammad died silently Tuesday night in a Virginia prison death chamber filled with lawyers , lawmen and his victims ' survivors . After the execution , Steven Moore said he thought about Muhammad 's accomplice , Lee Boyd Malvo , who received a life sentence for their crimes . "  Well , myself , I wish Malvo was right there beside Muhammad , " said Moore , whose sister , FBI analyst Linda Franklin , was gunned down in Virginia . "  They both committed the same crimes . No , I do n't feel any closure . I mean , it 's ... it ... nothing changes . " Muhammad was the mastermind behind the Washington-area sniper attacks of 2002 , which left 10 dead and terrorized the nation 's capital . He was declared dead at 9:11 p.m. ET , said Larry Traylor , director of communications for the Virginia Department of Corrections . "  There were no complications , " Traylor told reporters outside the Greensville Correctional Center . "  Mr. Muhammad was asked if he wished to make a last statement . He did not acknowledge this or make a last statement whatsoever . " In fact , Muhammad , 48 , said nothing from the time he entered the death chamber accompanied by guards at 8:58 p.m. , Traylor said . But in a statement read by one of his attorneys , Muhammad still denied he had committed the crimes . "  Mr. Muhammad maintains his innocence in this case , and he always has . He is not remorseful , although he does extend his condolences to the families . What these families went through is tragic in every level . Given the injustices in this case , what Mr. Muhammad went through is equally as tragic , " said J. Wyndal Gordon , who was Muhammad 's stand-by attorney in his Maryland trial , in which he represented himself . Moore said he had no sympathy for Muhammad and was angered by what he said were sympathetic media reports about Muhammad 's children that had aired recently . "  They 're talking about Muhammad 's children , but Linda left children behind , too , " Moore said . "  She 's got a daughter , Katie , and a son , Thomas , that -- Tommy just got back from his second tour in Iraq in the Army . They 're not going to see their Mom . So I do n't have any sympathy for his family or for his children . " Bob Meyers , whose 53-year-old brother , Dean , was shot dead while pumping gas in Virginia , called Tuesday 's execution surreal . "  Watching the life be sapped out of somebody intentionally was very different and an experience I 'd never had , " he said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I 'd watched my mother die of natural causes , but that was very different . " He said he might have attained some closure , "  but I would say that pretty much was overcome just by the sadness that the whole situation generates in my heart . That he would get to the place where he did what he did , and that it had to come to this . " Meyers said he had forgiven Muhammad for two reasons : "  One is that God calls for me to do that in the Bible and the second thing is related to that . If I do n't , it rots me from the inside out . It does n't really hurt John Muhammad or anybody that I have bitterness against . " Among the witnesses to the execution were about a dozen members of the prosecution task force . "  He died very peacefully , much more than most of his victims , " said Paul Ebert , the Virginia prosecutor who won the death penalty conviction . "  I felt a sense of closure , and I hope that they did , too . " The execution came hours after Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine denied a last-minute clemency request Tuesday for Muhammad . Kaine 's announcement came a day after the Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case . During three weeks in October 2002 , Muhammad and Malvo , then 17 , killed 10 people and wounded three , while taunting police with written messages and phoned-in threats and demands . During two trials and in years of appeals , Muhammad professed his innocence . One of his trials included testimony from Malvo , whose youth excluded him from consideration for the death penalty . In a written statement issued earlier Tuesday , Muhammad 's lawyer Jon Sheldon accused Virginia of racing to "  execute a severely mentally ill man , who also suffered from Gulf War syndrome , the day before Veterans Day . " Muhammad , who opted not to select a spiritual adviser , met during the afternoon with his immediate family and lawyers , said Traylor . He leaves four children and two ex-wives , both of whom appeared Monday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Muhammad 's first wife , Carol Williams , showed a letter in which he asked her to visit him on his execution day . "  Carol , I miss my family for the past eight years , " he wrote , referring to the time he was incarcerated . "  I do n't want to be missed the day that these devils murder my innocent black ass . " Asked about his father , Lindbergh Williams said his feelings about the death penalty had not softened with the approach of the execution . "  If you commit a crime , you can pay the time , " he said . Asked whether he thought his father regretted what he did , the younger Williams said , "  Yes , I really do . " Mildred Muhammad , the sniper 's second ex-wife and the mother of three of his children , told CNN on Monday that she last saw him in 2001 at a custody hearing and had not sought to visit him in prison . "  I had emotionally detached from John when I asked him for a divorce , " she said . "  And my emotions were severed when he said that you have become my enemy and , as my enemy , I will kill you . " CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report from Jarratt , Virginia .	John Allen Muhammad is executed by the state of Virginia on Tuesday night Survivor of one shooting victim said he had no sympathy for Muhammad Another said he had forgiven the killer because the bitterness would rot him otherwise Sniper Muhammad held D.C. area in grip of terror in 2002 , at least 10 killed
CNN  -- A freak fall snow storm slammed the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast on Saturday , leaving three people dead , more than 2 million households without power and thousands of air travelers stranded . An 84-year-old man was napping in a recliner at his home in Temple , Pennsylvania , on Saturday afternoon when part of a large , snow-filled tree fell into his house and killed him "  instantly , " according to a state police report . With numerous downed trees in the area , rescue crews took two hours to "  safely remove the victim . " Another person died while driving in Hebron , Connecticut , state emergency spokesman Scott Devico said . A third person was killed in Springfield , Massachusetts , when a man in his 20s ignored police barricades surrounding downed power lines and touched a metal guard rail , which was charged , said city fire department spokesman Dennis Legere . Predicting the system could dump as much as 18 inches of snow in some spots , Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy joined New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick in issuing emergency declarations for their respective states . "  It 's like a blizzard , you ca n't see far at all , " CNN iReporter Alban Ajro , 32 , said Saturday night from Watertown , Connecticut . "  This is the first time that I can ever recall this kind of storm happening before Halloween . " All domestic flights out of New Jersey 's Newark International Airport were canceled around 4 p.m. Saturday , according to an announcement made at the airport . Frustrated passengers filled an array of long lines , trying to change their tickets in light of the storm . Overheard : Storm sparks discussion about new grid Another airport in the Garden State , Teterboro , closed just after 2 p.m. before reopening hours later , the Federal Aviation Administration reported on its website . The FAA also reported major delays of , at times , over 5 hours at New York 's two airports , John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia . Richard Roth , a CNN correspondent , was among those affected when his Syracuse-to-Kennedy flight was diverted to Hartford because of the storm . He sat with his fellow passengers on the runway at Bradley International Airport for about four and a half hours , and -- roughly eight hours after arriving -- he was still stuck in the terminal . "  We 're here in the dark now , " Roth said Saturday evening . "  There 's no hope , at the moment , in sight . " The Connecticut governor acknowledged that conditions "  are not very pleasant " at Bradley , where 23 flights have been diverted . He added , "  They 're trying to get people off their planes as rapidly as they can . " The early season snowstorm was the result of unseasonably cold air mixing with a storm system on the East Coast . iReport : Winter weather near you As of 8 p.m. , the storm had already dumped 10 inches of snow in places as far afield as Ridgefield , Connecticut ; Ogletown , Pennsylvania ; and Terra Alta , West Virginia , according to the National Weather Service . Parts of New York and New Jersey especially got buried , including 15.5 inches in West Milford , New Jersey , and 12 inches in Harriman , New York . Lesser , albeit still significant amounts were measured in other locales around the northeast , including 1.3 inches of snow in New York 's Central Park as of 8 p.m. -- the most ever for this date since record-keeping began in 1869 . Snow continued to fall Saturday night as the system moved over New England . The storm 's timing made it unique and caught some off-guard . "  We 're used to a lot of snow here , but not this early , " CNN iReporter Michael Majosky , 34 , said from Windber , Pennsylvania . "  We do n't mind the snow -- it 's pretty neat having it around Halloween . " Winter storm warnings were in effect Saturday evening for a swath of states , from Pennsylvania to eastern Maine . Along with heavy snow , high winds gusting up to 50 mph were possible . Forecasters ' predictions of power outages and downed trees in some areas bore fruit , as hundreds of thousands were without electricity as of Saturday afternoon . The reason is that the moisture content -- thus density -- of the falling snow was particularly high given temperatures hovering around the freezing point . ` Occupy ' demonstrators face bite of wintry storm Malloy , the Connecticut governor , said early Saturday night that 50,000 to 70,000 customers were losing power every hour , with the leading utility Connecticut Light and Power reporting on its website about 550,000 without service at 9 p.m. Saturday . The governor cautioned that power crews are not out on the roads , and wo n't return until road conditions improve markedly . "  If you are without power , you should expect to be without power for a prolonged period of time , " Malloy said . About 715,000 customers were without power late Saturday in New Jersey , in addition to 333,000 in neighboring New York , according to figures reported Saturday evening by power companies in those states . Another 360,000 did n't have electricity in Pennsylvania due to the storm . Other states were affected as well , including at least 7,000 households in Maryland , 6,300 in Virginia who get service from Dominion , and 1,400 Allegheny Power customers in West Virginia . The storm had wreaked havoc on the roads , with Malloy noting "  a large number of spin-outs and vehicles going off the road " in his state . He noted that -- in addition to the fatality -- a state trooper was injured in a crash . And in Pennsylvania and elsewhere , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers warned that the wet snow would turn to ice in many spots overnight due to freezing temperatures , making road conditions even more perilous . One positive is that the wintry weather should n't last too much longer . By Sunday afternoon , the storm is expected to have passed the United States . Temperatures should warm by then -- including a high of 49 forecast for Sunday in New York , warming into the high-50s over the course of the week . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Greg Morrison , Sara Weisfeldt , Elizabeth Cherneff and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : The number of those without power in New Jersey and New York rises Massachusetts reports storm-related fatality , bringing total to 3 across the northeast The National Weather Service reports 15 inches of snow in one New Jersey town Thousands of air travelers are affected , many in the New York area
New Delhi  CNN  -- Shops and markets were closed and traders stopped trains in parts of India on Thursday in protests against federal reforms to open the nation 's $ 500 billion retail sector to global supermarket chains . In New Delhi , traders marched through the streets , shouting "  no FDI in retail " slogans , a reference to foreign direct investment . The protests are a backlash against the Indian government 's announcement last week allowing foreign retailers to own a 51 % stake in joint ventures in India , which is Asia 's third-largest economy . Major markets in several Indian cities were closed in the one-day strike , backed by opposition parties and allies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government who support them . Protesters were also opposing recent fuel price increases and caps on kitchen gas canister supplies . Traders burned an effigy labeled "  FDI in retail " in the Indian capital after a demonstration joined by communist , right-wing and socialist leaders . Protesters also blocked at least 200 trains across India , some for more than an hour , railway spokesman Anil Kumar Saxena told CNN . Traders say the arrival of companies like Wal-Mart , Carrefour and Tesco in India will destroy their small businesses . But a market analyst differs . "  The market in India is big enough , " said Ankur Bisen , a retail expert at the consulting firm Technopak . "  It 's about a $ 500 billion market , and this market presents opportunities for organized retail as well as mom-and-pop stores to coexist . " Singh 's government , which announced sweeping reforms last week amid massive criticism of its handling of the economy , says foreign retailers will help improve the country 's creaky supply chains . In India , business applicants must get permission from states to set up shop . The new policy reinforces that rule . As Singh and Bisen welcome the proposal to allow overseas players in retail , others oppose it . "  These multinationals will ruin millions of small traders , " said Praveen Khandelwal , secretary general of the Confederation of All India Traders , which led demonstrations in New Delhi . India 's Hindu nationalist main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party vowed it would press for a rollback of the retail liberalization program . "  This is just the beginning . We will continue our struggle till the decision is reversed , " Nitin Gadkari , president of the party , told protesters in his address in the capital . The September 14 reform announced by the Indian government also cost the ruling coalition a key political ally . Mamata Banerjee , a maverick politician leading the West Bengal state , announced Tuesday that federal ministers from her Trinamool Congress party would submit their resignations to Singh this week if his government did not scrap the retail policy . On Friday , the Indian Cabinet also announced aviation reforms , a day after increasing prices of heavily subsidized diesel fuel . Singh , whose government is under fire over a raft of corruption scandals , sounded firm on policy decisions . "  I believe that these steps will help strengthen our growth process and generate employment in these difficult times . I urge all segments of public opinion to support the steps we have taken in national interest , " he said in a statement after the Cabinet announcements .	Traders close shops , stop trains to protest plans to open nation 's retail sector to global chains Protesters also oppose recent fuel price increases , caps on kitchen gas canister supplies Traders say chains will harm small businesses , but analyst says India 's big enough for both Government : Foreign retailers will aid supply chains ; opposition party : Plan must be reversed
CNN  -- A Food and Drug Administration review of data on the effectiveness of flibanserin -- a pill anticipated to become the first "  female Viagra " -- resulted in questions about how well the drug will actually work in treating premenopausal women suffering from low sex drive . According to a report posted on the FDA website Wednesday , when compared with a placebo , the response rate of Flibanserin was "  not compelling , " and the drug yielded only slight improvements for treating hypoactive sexual desire disorder or HSDD . On Friday , an FDA committee composed of reproductive health experts will be voting on the efficacy and safety of Flibanserin for use in women with low desire -- a sexual disorder that could impact nearly 40 percent of women in the United States , according to some estimates . Currently , there is no medication approved to treat HSDD in women . A spokesperson for Germany-based Boehringer Ingelheim , the manufacturer of flibanserin , says the company is still optimistic . "  We remain confident that our data demonstrates Flibanserin is safe and effective in balancing the chemicals in the brain linked to sexual desire , " says Peter Piliero , executive director of U.S. medical affairs for Boehringer Ingelheim . "  We have conducted a robust program showing that flibanserin shows improvement increasing satisfying sexual events , in improving sexual desire and lowering distress , " he adds . Even if the data show only "  slight improvements , " the benefits of approving the drug are vast , contends Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California . "  HSDD is a horrible tragedy in women , " says Goldstein , who treats patients suffering from low sex drive , and who has also been on the drug manufacturer 's international advisory committee for several years . He says flibanserin would be "  the beginning of an era " for women , and that having a safe and effective drugs is a "  unique and historic opportunity for women in the U.S. and for the FDA . " CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Flibanserin anticipated as ` female Viagra ' FDA review says results "  not compelling " FDA committee votes Friday on Flibanserin Some estimates say nearly 40 percent of American women have low sexual desire
CNN  A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "  ISIS-inspired " terror plot , Australian police say . Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne , Australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . Two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released "  pending further inquiries , " Australia 's Federal Police said . Sevdet Besim , 18 , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail Saturday . The person charged Monday is accused of conspiring to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts . The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday . "  The act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers , " he said . There was also a risk to the public , police said . Police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day  Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day  , which is April 25 and this year is the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS -- or Islamic State -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects . He instead referred to the group as the "  Daesh death cult , " employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group 's name in Arabic . It 's a handle ISIS is known to loathe . Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection . The men "  are individuals acting by themselves . They are not representatives of any religious , cultural or national group , " Victoria Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said . "  I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men , " Neil Gaughan , acting deputy commissioner of the Australian Federal Police , said . "  And this is an issue not just with law enforcement , but for the broader community . ... We need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior , at the very early stage . " CNN 's Ralph Ellis and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	A second teen has been charged with helping plan an "  ISIS-inspired " attack One 18-year-old suspect has already been charged , report says
CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has released newly corrected financial disclosure forms showing his wife 's past employment , blaming a misunderstanding for years of omissions of Virginia "  Ginni " Thomas ' salary at a conservative think tank and other jobs . Thomas was required to report the information on the annual disclosure forms all federal judges must file . The forms did not disclose how much money Mrs. Thomas was paid . The updated records go back 13 years and confirm Mrs. Thomas has worked for the Heritage Foundation , the Republican leadership in the House and Hillsdale College in Michigan . Her employers were known previously , since Virginia Thomas is a well-known conservative activist . She founded her own conservative group , Liberty Central , in late 2009 . That information was also not disclosed on the justice 's financial forms . She has since relinquished leadership of Liberty Central , but still has an advisory role . The new information came after the liberal advocacy group Common Cause noted the omissions last week . The group also urged the Justice Department to investigate whether a speech the justice gave in 2008 before a conservative seminar sponsored in part by prominent GOP fundraisers created a possible conflict of interest . Common Cause said its review of the Heritage Foundation 's IRS forms showed Virginia Thomas earned nearly $ 700,000 from 2003-07 while at the think tank .	Justice Thomas releases details of his wife 's past employment A liberal group noted that information was omitted on financial disclosure forms Thomas blames the omission on a misunderstanding
CNN  Madonna is stringing us along again and not everyone is happy about it . Never one to stray far from provocative images , the pop star has released altered pictures of iconic figures to match the artwork for her upcoming album "  Rebel Heart . " In the cover art , Madonna 's head is wrapped in black cord . No one said much when her Facebook , Twitter and Instagram accounts pushed out altered visages of Jesus , Marilyn Monroe , the Grinch , Homer Simpson and the like . But things got a bit chippy when Martin Luther King Jr. , Nelson Mandela and Bob Marley showed up on Friday , like Madonna , all wrapped in black cord . Social media lit up , many questioning her use of the civil rights icons to promote her album . "  Is this some kind of a joke ??? " Pastor Viwe Pobana said on Twitter in response to the Mandela image . This is outrageous and needs urgent intervention . " "  What ever the intended meaning is ... I think poor taste ! " tweeted Nelson R Ferreira . Not all the comments were negative , but enough were that by late Friday Madonna had issued a rambling apology on her official Facebook page laced with grammatical errors and misspellings . "  I 'm sorry "  I 'm not comparing my self to anyone "  I 'm admiring and acknowledging there Rebel Hearts "  This is niether a crime or an insult or racist ! "  I also did it with Michael jaclson and frida khalo and marilyn monroe "  Am I saying I am them "  NO "  I 'm saying they are Rebel Hearts too . "  And "  I did n't do it "  My fans did "  And I just re posted those photos "  My fans are n't racist either "  If they put me in the same category as these other people "  Thank you . I 'm very flattered and I hope one day to live up to 1 100th of what those people accomplished . " - Madonna Following the post , comments by the hundreds peppered her official Facebook page -- from detractors and defenders alike . "  Who would have thought such an icon could allow herself to cheapen her image with such juvenile social media posts and horrific grammar and spelling mistakes ? " said Iain Precht . "  Blah , blah , blah , your sounding alittle defensive madonna , not like you at all , " said a post from Thomas Greifenstein Sr. . Freitas Neto said , "  U dont need explaining yourself . YOU ARE MADONNA ! " And it was all pretty simple for supporter Mario Molina . "  rebel heart = activist . mlk and mandela = activsts . duh . " Madonna responds to leak , releases songs as Christmas gift Madonna 's new album is n't expected to be out in its entirety until spring , but six tracks were released last month ahead of schedule after unfinished versions of her newest songs found their way onto the Internet . Leaks have tormented Madonna in the past . In 2003 , the singer 's website was defaced , and last month , every song off her "  American Life " album was leaked online . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Madonna tweets images of iconic civil rights leaders to promote upcoming album Social media explodes with negative responses Her apology contains grammatical and spelling errors
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Pro-pot groups cheered passage of referendums legalizing recreational marijuana in Colorado and Washington state as the "  light at the end of the tunnel " in their 50-year campaign to make the drug legal nationwide . "  Yesterday 's elections have forever changed the playing field regarding cannabis prohibition laws in America  and probably in large parts of the world , too  , " Allen St. Pierre , executive director of NORML , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , wrote in a celebratory blog Wednesday . But Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper warned it 's too soon to "  break out the Cheetos , " because his state must still navigate federal laws before citizens can legally buy and sell cannabis . Highs and lows of using marijuana The Drug Enforcement Administration quickly tried to spoil the Rocky Mountain high , issuing a statement Wednesday morning saying the DEA 's "  enforcement of the Controlled Substances Act remains unchanged . " "  In enacting the Controlled Substances Act , Congress determined that marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance , " the DEA statement said . "  The Department of Justice is reviewing the ballot initiatives , and we have no additional comment at this time . " Voters in Massachusetts -- and possibly Montana , pending final vote counts -- also approved medical marijuana referendums , allowing doctors to prescribe the drug to patients suffering serious medical problems , which were carefully spelled out . Colorado , Washington pass marijuana legalization ; Oregon says no In Massachusetts , a doctor who has a "  bona fide " relationship with a patient would have to certify the patient suffered "  a debilitating medical condition , such as cancer , glaucoma , HIV-positive status or AIDS , hepatitis C , Crohn 's disease , Parkinson 's disease , ALS , or multiple sclerosis . " Medical marijuana is already legal in 17 states , including California , where it was estimated two years ago that Los Angeles County had more medical marijuana shops than liquor stores . Salesmen invited tourists walking along the Venice Beach boardwalk into a store , next to the T-shirt and sunglasses stall , to see a doctor who would give them a marijuana license and prescription . The smell of burning cannabis wafted through the air along Hollywood streets and neon green crosses marked where citizens could get their pot supplies . In the past two years , however , local city councils have enacted restrictions on where the shops can locate , forcing many to close . "  Some medical marijuana clinics have been taken over by illegal for-profit businesses that sell recreational marijuana to healthy young adults and attract crime , " Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said in September . Federal prosecutors have aggressively worked to rein in the proliferation of pot distribution locations , contending the operations draw criminals because of the large amounts of cash involved . Three forfeiture lawsuits were filed and warning letters were sent to 71 "  illegal marijuana stores " in Los Angeles and Huntington Park , California , in September by federal authorities . Voters approve same-sex marriage for the first time Last month , a federal grand jury indicted 14 people "  associated with a chain of nine marijuana stores " in Orange and Los Angeles counties on federal drug trafficking charges . The indictment included tax evasion and weapons charges . NORML 's main argument is that marijuana is "  far less dangerous than alcohol or tobacco , " which are the only recreational drugs more popular than pot in the United States . "  Marijuana is nontoxic and can not cause death by overdose , " while hundreds of thousands die from tobacco and alcohol use each year , NORML 's website says . Legalization could save U.S. taxpayers the $ 10 billion spent each year on enforcing marijuana prohibition , and eliminate the criminal cases against more than 750,000 people arrested per year for possession , which NORML says is "  far more than the total number of arrestees for all violent crimes combined , including murder , rape , robbery and aggravated assault . " "  The voters have spoken and we have to respect their will , " Colorado Gov. Hickenlooper said in a written statement released by his office . "  This will be a complicated process , but we intend to follow through . That said , federal law still says marijuana is an illegal drug , so do n't break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly , " he said , referring to two snack food products . Marijuana could be legal across Colorado within two months , according to a spokesman for the governor 's office . The 536 medical marijuana dispensaries in Colorado could begin selling to the general public then , according to University of Denver law professor Sam Kamin . Whether the federal government allows that to happen is "  a billion dollar question , " Kamin said . "  Every store that sells marijuana here is violating federal law , " he said . "  The federal government could come in and seize assets . They could charge people criminally . They could send people to jail for scores of years . They have chosen , so far , not to do that . " With almost half the states now legalizing marijuana to some degree , the federal government will have to make a decision , he said . "  It simply ca n't go on the way it is , " Kamin said . "  It ca n't be a big industry and a Federal crime at the same time . " Highs and lows of using marijuana Amendment 64 in Colorado will alter the state constitution to legalize and regulate the production , possession , and distribution of marijuana for people age 21 and older . The Washington state measure includes a 25 % tax imposed when the grower sells marijuana to a processor , again when the processor sells it to a retailer , and a third time when the retailer sells it to a customer . Supporters estimated it would raise as much as $ 500 million for the state -- a figure analysts say is overstated . While Washington and Colorado voters became the first to legalize marijuana for recreational use , a similar proposal was rejected in Oregon Tuesday . And Arkansas voters narrowly said no to a medical marijuana referendum similar to the one that passed in Massachusetts . "  Will there continue to be fits and starts , federal government incursion into state sovereignty and obstinate politicians ? " NORML 's St. Pierre wrote . "  Surely . However , the dye for major cannabis law reforms is now cast . " "  The proverbial light at the end of the tunnel is before us all . " CNN 's Stephanie Oswald contributed to this report .	Votes have "  forever changed the playing field " on marijuana laws , NORML says Feds are reviewing the measures , the Drug Enforcement Administration says "  The voters have spoken and we have to respect their will , " Colorado 's governor says Massachusetts -- and maybe Montana -- approved medical marijuana referendums
CNN  -- When you mix the neon-lit , art-deco splendor of Miami beach with one of the world 's most bankable art fairs , throw in a horde of fashion designers and a seemingly unending list of parties , you 'd be hard-pressed to stop the celebrities from showing up . Still , this year 's Art Basel Miami Beach , which wrapped last night , might as well have been staged on a red carpet . Kevin Spacey , Adrian Grenier and Princess Eugenie were spotted hobnobbing at a party hosted by British artist Tracey Emin . At DuJour magazine 's party to honor artist Marc Quinn , guests included Kanye West , Lionel Richie and Tommy Hilfiger , who co-hosted the spectacle . Eva Longoria and Serena Williams were just two of the celebs who enjoyed a champagne-fueled private dinner hosted by Gerard Butler and Dom Pérignon at the W South Beach . "  The parties are rammed , they 're like catwalks , and there are tons of them , " says Lucie Greene , the editor of LS : N Global , the trends network forecasting agency The Future Laboratory . "  I 've seen Pharrell Williams , Karolina Kurkova and Val Kilmer floating around . It 's like the Coachella of the art world . " Serious business Do n't be deceived . For many of these stars , Art Basel Miami Beach is about much more than lavish parties and bacchanalian nights . "  I 've bumped into Jay Z and Beyoncé in Miami a couple of times , " says Emily Tsingou , a private art dealer based in London and a regular at Art Basel . "  They are celebrities , but they are also building up collections . " To make the most informed decisions , celebrities and other high-net-worths typically employ an art adviser , who will steer them toward art worth its price tag . Advisers also negotiate deals on their client 's behalf . Todd Levin , the director of the Levin Art Group in New York City , has been advising clients for more than 25 years . "  If an adviser does their due diligence , they will request and receive packing lists from galleries well in advance of the fair , " he says . "  An adviser will discuss with their clients any art works that may be of interest . Based on those discussions , they will isolate and purchase pieces in advance of the fair . " Of course , seeing a . jpeg image in advance is not the same as seeing the work in front of you . Advisers like Levin need to bring a comfortable pair of shoes for all the running they are likely do for clients . "  I may be working with one client when my phone receives a text from another , " Levin says . "  I will disengage for a moment with the first client and meet the second who requires immediate information on an art work they have just encountered . " Andrew Renton , a London-based collector , adviser and the director of the Marlborough Contemporary art gallery , has at times mapped out routes through the fair so that his clients can strike early . "  All the great stuff goes very quickly , " he says . "  There is not much room for dithering on day one . You might want to call your wish list a hit list . " The need for speed was clear on December 4 , when the fair opened its doors exclusively to VIPs . Within hours they had dropped tens of millions of dollars . New York 's Van de Weghe Gallery reported that an American collector purchased Gerhard Richter 's "  Abstraktes Bild  595-3  " for $ 3.2 million . The gallery also sold "  Beautiful , I Pushed the Controls and Ahead of Me Rockets Blazed , I Do n't Want to Be a Dead Artist Painting " . The 2005 spin painting by Damien Hirst , which has two expired credit cards embedded into it , went for $ 580,000 , or $ 29,000 for every word in its title . On the lower end of the spectrum , London 's Lisson Gallery sold Ai Weiwei 's "  Jade Handcuffs " for 70,000 euros . New York City 's David Zwirner Gallery reported the sale of a Jeff Koons sculpture for $ 8 million to an unnamed buyer . The phantom shopper must have faith in photos : The sculpture was not physically present at the fair . And while we do n't know the names of all the buyers , Leonardo DiCaprio is probably on one of the buyer 's lists . He was spotted on his cell phone directing his advisers to various works . Officials will never know the exact amount of sales , only the sales that galleries choose to report . However , Dr. Bodo Sartorius , the chief technical officer at AXA insurance , an official partner of Art Basel , estimated that the art present in Miami this year exceeded $ 3 billion . Marc Spiegler , the director of Art Basel , says that the fair in Miami Beach is going from strength to strength . "  The 250-plus galleries showing at Art Basel represent the best galleries from across the world , " he says . "  Our exhibitors are reporting strong and consistent sales , including many to museums - not only on the first day but throughout the show . " Bubbly and beyond Despite all the glitz surrounding the event , there is an element of democracy at the fair . Gallerists selling works care little about what films you 've been in or whether you have an Oscar on your mantle . They 're most concerned with making a sale . That means that VIPs can not always expect the VIP treatment . "  It does n't matter if you flew in on your private jet , you are still going to have to stand in line for a sausage like everyone else , " says Renton . "  I 've heard of collectors who have someone in tow whose only job is to line-up for provisions along the way . " Given the potential indignity of having to queue , it 's only natural that celebs will want to regroup when the sun goes down . But their encounters are not all air kisses and froth . For the most serious collectors these parties are a gateway to like-minded people , and a chance to learn more about new artists . "  Through those parties and the socializing something else is formed in Basel , " Renton says . "  You find that these moments are great points for meeting people you 've been trying to speak with from around the world for a long time . An art fair can focus that . "	Celebrities have become major art collectors Kanye West and Eva Longoria attended parties at Art Basel Miami Beach Art advisers can negotiate deals on behalf of their celebrity clients
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The first child in Britain known to have been screened as an embryo to ensure she did not carry a cancer gene was born Friday , a spokesman for University College London told CNN . Genetic screening allows lab-fertilized embryos to be tested for genes likely to lead to later health problems . Her embryo was screened in a lab days after conception to check for the BRCA-1 gene , linked to breast and ovarian cancer . People with the gene are known to have a 50-80 percent chance of developing breast or ovarian cancer in their lifetimes . British newspapers have dubbed the girl the "  cancer-free " baby . "  This little girl will not face the specter of developing this genetic form of breast cancer or ovarian cancer in her adult life , " said Paul Serhal , a consultant at University College London Hospital and Medical Director of the Assisted Conception Unit . "  The parents will have been spared the risk of inflicting this disease on their daughter . The lasting legacy is the eradication of the transmission of this form of cancer that has blighted these families for generations . " Yet not everyone is thrilled with the idea of testing embryos for genes that could cause health problems later in life , a process known as preimplanatation genetic diagnosis . "  This is not a cure for breast cancer , " said Josephine Quintavalle , co-founder of Comment on Reproductive Ethics , which describes itself as group that focuses on ethical dilemmas related to reproduction . What do you think about testing embryos for gene defects ? "  This is simply a mechanism for eliminating the birth of anybody  prone to  the disease , " she said . "  It is basically a search-and-kill mechanism . " She opposes the procedure because embryos found to carry disease-causing genes often are discarded . She says that is essentially murder . "  They will be destroyed , " she said . "  They will never be allowed to live . " Doctors in Britain and elsewhere increasingly test embryos for genes that are certain to cause illnesses such as cystic fibrosis or Huntington 's Disease . What 's different about the girl born Friday is that she is the first infant known to have been tested in Britain as an embryo for a gene that is merely likely -- not certain -- to cause disease . In the United States , geneticists are free to test for any condition for which they can develop a probe -- and they 're free to look for genes that are certain to cause diseases as well as genes that merely may pose problems later in life . Quintavalle opposes any form of in-vitro fertilization where embryos are "  killed , " she said . But she is particularly troubled by the idea of screening an embryo for the BRCA-1 gene because carriers of the gene do not always develop the disease , and the disease is not always fatal . "  The message we are sending is : ` Better off dead than carrying  a gene linked to  breast cancer , ' " she said . "  We have gone very much down the proverbial slippery slope . " Peter Braude , one of the top British experts on the genetic testing of embryos , said he understands the ethical objections but focuses on the benefits . "  There has always been a vociferous group in opposition , " he said . But "  there are people who can benefit and I think they should be allowed to do so . " In fact , he argues that the procedure actually prevents abortions because it takes place on a three-day old embryo in a lab . Only embryos that lack the defective gene are implanted . "  I do n't think you can equate eight cells in a dish to an embryo or a child , " said Braude , head of the department of women 's health at the King 's College London School of Medicine . For many couples , the alternative to testing an embryo is to conceive a child naturally and test the fetus weeks or months into a pregnancy . Some couples opt for an abortion when such testing reveals a defect . Diagnosing an embryo genetically typically involves fertilizing an egg with a sperm in a lab , testing the resulting embryo and implanting it in the mother if no defects are found . Braude agrees that testing for diseases that may not be fatal -- or may not manifest themselves for decades -- raises thorny ethical questions . "  How serious does it have to be before you throw away an embryo ? " he asked . "  Are you prepared to throw away a 16-week embryo for Huntington 's , which will not manifest until age 40 ? " In Britain , the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority determines the conditions for which geneticists can test . It has approved testing for more than 60 conditions since it was established in 1990 . The authority approved testing for the BRCA-1 gene in 2008 . Dr. Mark Hughes , who founded a genetics clinic in the United States , said he likes the idea of an authority that regulates what tests can be performed -- the system in place in Britain -- but believes that parents who want to test for genetic abnormalities should be allowed to do so . At his Genesis Genetics Institute in Detroit , Michigan , Hughes carries out about two tests a month for BRCA-1 or BRCA-2 , a related gene . "  The couple is the best one to be making these decisions , because they live with these diseases , " he said . "  When it hits your family over and over again , many couples are saying : ` Enough of this . Let 's prune this out of our family tree forever . ' " He rejects the notion that parents will use genetic testing to remove all imperfections from children . "  You can get up on your high horse and say people are looking for perfect children , but let 's give these families more credit , " he said . "  They just want one that has a fighting chance of not having a disease . " Hughes said he doubts genetic screening will ever be used to test all babies . That 's partly because it costs the equivalent of about $ 11,755 -- 8,000 British pounds -- to screen embryos . It 's also because the process is very complex . "  It 's gotten easier to do now than it was 19 years ago , " when Hughes did his first test for cystic fibrosis , he said . "  But it has not exploded , not burst onto the medical field like some technologies do . "  No one would use these technologies for a trivial reason . It 's too much effort , " he said . "  Not just the money -- it 's so many hoops to jump through for a couple that would prefer to make their baby on vacation rather than in a clinic . "	"  Cancer-free baby " born ; baby girl is first in UK to be screened for cancer gene Embryo was screened to check she did n't carry gene linked to breast , ovarian cancer Ethicists criticize screening for genes that could cause later health problems Doctors say cost of screening makes it unlikely all embryos will ever be tested
CNN  -- A Colorado woman is being pursued as a "  person of interest " in connection with phone calls that triggered the raid of a Texas polygamist ranch , authorities said Friday . Rozita Swinton , 33 , has been arrested in a case that is not directly related to the Texas raid . Texas Rangers are seeking Rozita Swinton of Colorado Springs , Colorado , "  regarding telephone calls placed to a crisis center hot line in San Angelo , Texas , in late March 2008 , " the Rangers said in a written statement . The raid of the YFZ  Yearning for Zion  Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , came after a caller -- who identified herself as a 16-year-old girl -- said she had been physically and sexually abused by an adult man with whom she was forced into a "  spiritual marriage . " The release said a search of Swinton 's home in Colorado uncovered evidence that possibly links her to phone calls made about the ranch , run by the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . "  The possibility exists that Rozita Swinton , who has nothing to do with the FLDS church , may have been a woman who made calls and pretended she was the 16-year-old girl named Sarah , " CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported . Swinton , 33 , has been charged in Colorado with false reporting to authorities and is in police custody . Police said that arrest was not directly related to the Texas case . Authorities raided the Texas ranch April 4 and removed 416 children . Officials have been trying to identify the 16-year-old girl , referred to as Sarah , who claimed she had been abused in the phone calls . FLDS members have denied the girl , supposedly named Sarah Jessop Barlow , exists . Some of the FLDS women who spoke with CNN on Monday said they believed the calls were a hoax . While the phone calls initially prompted the raid , officers received a second search warrant based on what they said was evidence of sexual abuse found at the compound . In court documents , investigators described seeing teen girls who appeared pregnant , records that showed men marrying multiple women and accounts of girls being married to adult men when they were as young as 13 . A court hearing began Thursday to determine custody of children who were removed from the ranch . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Texas Rangers pursue Rozita Swinton regarding phone calls to a crisis center NEW : Search of Swinton 's home reveals evidence that possibly links her to the calls Police arrest the woman for making a false report to police in a separate case Phone calls prompted Texas raid , but officers then got a second search warrant
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Dumb as a limestone brick : Indiana 's misguided bid for tourists The great idea : Turn a small Midwestern town into a tourist mecca for lovers of limestone block . The great big problem : Limestone block is not as big a draw as you might think . Cost to taxpayers : $ 700,000 Despite being the undisputed "  Limestone Capital of the World , " Bedford , Indiana , always had a hard time figuring out how to parlay its claim to fame into a thriving tourism industry . That is , until Bedford Chamber of Commerce member Merle Edington came up with a brilliant plan . In the late 1970s , Edington proposed that Bedford build a Disney-style theme park . But , instead of cartoon characters , the park 's main attraction would be limestone , featuring a 95-foot-high replica of the Great Pyramid of Cheops built out of  you guessed it  local limestone blocks . And , on the off chance that a scale model of one world wonder would n't be exciting enough , Edington added plans for an 800-foot-long replica of the Great Wall of China . While the power of limestone over the vacationing public is debatable , Edington convinced the Commerce Department 's Economic Development Administration to believe in his dream -- to the tune of $ 700,000 . Unfortunately , those funds dried up quickly , thanks to Wisconsin senator William Proxmire  famous for his "  Golden Fleece Awards " ridiculing government waste  , who called attention to the project . The town was left deep in debt , unable to even pay Edington 's salary . Today , the abandoned project is little more than a giant rock pile . 2 . How to build a canal in four easy centuries : Dividing and conquering in Florida The great idea : Build a shipping shortcut through the middle of Florida . The great big problem : The plan would effectively turn half the state into an island . Florida is a peninsula . Get used to it . Cost to taxpayers : $ 120 million , in this century anyway . The Cross-Florida Barge Canal was one of those ideas that refused to go away . First proposed by Spanish settlers in the 1570s , the canal was supposed to cut through the middle of the peninsula to connect the Atlantic Ocean with the Gulf of Mexico , significantly shortening shipping times . However , after Florida came under U.S. control in the early 19th century , Congress surveyed the land and decided that any canal that would turn a huge chunk of the state into an island just was n't feasible , and the plan was scrapped . Fast forward to the Great Depression . Suddenly , any project that would create 6,000 jobs seemed like a pretty good idea . President Franklin D. Roosevelt allocated emergency funds to the canal , and digging commenced in 1935 . A year later , progress stalled due to environmental concerns , then picked back up , then stalled again , and the cycle continued until 1963 , when President Kennedy allocated $ 1 million to the project . Work began after Kennedy 's death and continued for seven years , but -- yet again -- concerns about the canal 's environmental impact ground progress to a halt . Finally , in 1991 , the canal  by this time a $ 120 million partial scar across the middle of the state  was officially pronounced dead . The land was converted into a greenway named after Marjorie Harris Carr , the environmentalist who 'd led the charge against the canal in the 1960s . 3 . The mess with Texas : Superconducting that 's less than super The great idea : Build a miracle machine that can replicate the Big Bang , help treat life-threatening illnesses , and maybe even unfold the mysteries of the universe . The great big problem : You get what you pay for -- and miracle machines cost way , way too much . Cost to taxpayers : Roughly $ 12 billion -- and the lives of billions of innocent atoms . Few government projects have ever been announced with the level of fanfare reserved for the 1980s Superconducting Super Collider . Housed in a 54-mile underground tunnel beneath Waxahachie , Texas , the Super Collider was designed to accelerate beams of subatomic particles to fantastic speeds and then crash the particles into one another , purportedly generating huge amounts of energy . Advocates believed the machine would be able to simulate the conditions present during the Big Bang , thus allowing scientists to gain new insights into the very nature of matter . But many Super Collider fans made even bolder statements about the machine 's capabilities , pointing out that other devices using similar technology had been used to treat cancer and learn more about HIV . As potential uses for the machine grew , however , so did the cost ballooning from an original estimate of less than $ 5 billion to just under $ 12 billion . Finally , in the midst of the 1993 budget-cutting boom , Congress pulled the plug on the project , with less than one-third of the tunnel finished . For a while , it was used to store Styrofoam cups , but then it was sold off to private businesses for pennies on the dollar . Although scientists  and the citizens of Waxahachie  still mourn the loss of this major research center , there are several other machines in the world that do basically the same thing on a smaller scale . They 're called particle accelerators , and the largest one is a mere 5 miles in diameter . 4 . Building a better future , one spokesmodel at a time : Vanna White school hits Italy The great idea : When creating jobs for the unemployed , cater to the pretty people first . The great big problem : Regional dignity seems to have gone overlooked . Cost to taxpayers : 1 million euros  about $ 1.2 million U.S. In 2003 , the European Union came up with a novel solution for lowering soaring unemployment levels among young people in Italy 's Campania region history 's first job-creation program catering solely to the physically attractive . With a grant of 1 million euros , the EU opened First Tel School , a quasi-educational program designed to train students to become TV game show hostesses . The eight-month program , labeled "  bimbo school " by critics , offered courses on diction , make-up , and other skills necessary to get a job on one of the country 's many popular game and variety shows . The school 's de facto policy of discriminating against all of Campania 's less toothsome residents aside , First Tel also failed to admit enough students to offer any kind of relief to the region 's unemployed population  which was estimated to be 50 percent of young people  . Fewer than 100 spots were made available to the 1,200 Vanna White wannabes who applied . Worse still , even those who did make the cut received a whopping 2 euros for every class attended , as well as auditions for parts in the shows First Tel produced for Italian television stations . Meanwhile , rejected applicants remained unemployed and got daily , televised reminders of how unappealing they were . 5 . Leave it to beavers : Troubles with the Teton Dam The great idea : Dam the Snake River in Idaho . Sounds easy enough . The great big problem : Holding back the river 's 80 billion gallons of water proved more difficult than engineers thought . Cost to taxpayers : $ 100 million in construction fees and another $ 2 billion in damage . The planning and design phase of the Teton Dam in southeastern Idaho took nearly three decades ; the construction took a little more than four years . The dam 's total collapse , however , took exactly one afternoon . Realizing you just wasted some serious tax dollars ? Priceless . Built for just under $ 100 million between 1972 and 1976 , the Teton Dam was supposed to provide irrigation , electricity , and  ironically  flood prevention for the thousands of people living in its 305-foot-tall shadow . But as the reservoir reached its full capacity on June 3 , 1976 , several small leaks began to appear in the dam . Crews were sent to patch the holes , but larger cracks followed , letting through water that eventually engulfed bulldozers and sent workmen fleeing in terror . Then , on June 5 , the dam suddenly collapsed , sending more than 80 billion gallons of water rushing out of the reservoir and into the valley below . By the time the water stabilized more than five hours later , 11 people had died and hundreds of thousands of acres of land had been flooded . Despite the estimated $ 2 billion in damages , officials seriously considered constructing a new dam for several years afterward . Eventually the idea was abandoned , but more recently , the flood site has gotten some good use as the route of the Teton Dam Marathon . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Millions of dollars spent on useless , failed or cancelled projects Building Teton dam took four years ; collapse took one afternoon $ 12 billion superconductor in Texas was never finished
Havana  CNN  -- Cuba has stepped up efforts to douse speculation over the health of its former leader Fidel Castro by publishing an article under his name in state-run media in which he scoffs at recent rumors and those who circulated them . The article , published on the official website Cubadebate early Monday , is accompanied by photos of Castro , 86 , walking with a cane in a garden and looking at a copy of Granma , the state-run newspaper . "  I do n't even remember what a headache is , " Castro writes in the article , saying the photos are "  proof of what liars " those responsible for the rumors are . The article comes after a former Venezuelan vice president said Sunday that Castro was "  doing very well " and showed reporters a snapshot of the former Cuban leader that he said was taken the day before . Read more : Twitterer denies his account is source of Castro death rumor Speculation has surged over Castro 's health in recent weeks . He has not been seen publicly since March , when he met with Pope Benedict XVI during the pontiff 's visit to Cuba . In the article published early Monday , Castro cites the coverage of the Bay of Pigs attack and the Cuban missile crisis in the early 1960s as previous examples of misinformation by news media groups that are "  almost all in the hands of the privileged and rich . " He singled out for particular scorn a recent report by the Spanish newspaper ABC that cited a Venezuelan doctor as saying that Castro had had a stroke and was close to death . Elias Jaua , the former Venezuelan vice president , said Sunday he had discussed a variety of subjects with the former Cuban leader in a lengthy meeting . "  Comandante Fidel was kind enough to meet with us yesterday , " Jaua said . "  We talked for five hours about agriculture , history , international politics . " Cuba state media releases message from Fidel Castro The photograph , Jaua said , shows Castro and several members of his family in a van accompanying Jaua to the Havana hotel where he is staying . Employees at the Hotel Nacional said they spoke with Castro and he looked well . "  He had good color . ... He was happy , with a permanent smile on his face , and talking about a lot of things , " said Antonio Martinez , the director of the government-run hotel . Read more : Mariela Castro visits New York ; addresses gay rights issues On Wednesday , Cuban state media released the first communique said to be from the ex-leader since speculation over his health reached a fever pitch earlier this month . The message quoted Castro congratulating doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute and mentioning the 50th anniversary of the Cuban missile crisis . Castro 's usually frequent newspaper columns and musings suddenly ended in June . But his silence after the re-election of close ally Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in October prompted many of his opponents to wonder whether Castro was again ailing or perhaps already dead . "  The comandante is well , following his daily routine , reading , exercising , " said Alex Castro , one of Castro 's sons , told Cuban state media after the reports of his ill health . Still , a barrage of postings on Twitter and other social media had Castro at death 's door . He said in the article Monday that he had stopped his newspaper writing because it was no longer his "  role to take up the pages of our press " when there were other issues requiring the nation 's attention . Castro never fully recovered after a surgery for a still unknown intestinal illness in 2006 . Two years later , his brother Raul Castro officially succeeded him . Read more : Cuba eases travel restrictions CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The article is accompanied by photos of Castro in a garden Venezuela 's former vice president says Castro "  is doing very well " Speculation has surged over Castro 's health in recent weeks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a dramatic break from previous policy , the United States will join direct talks between U.N. and European powers and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear program , the State Department announced Wednesday . Wednesday 's announcement is the latest step by the Obama administration to engage Iran diplomatically . The Obama administration has asked the European Union 's international policy chief , Javier Solana , to invite Iran to new talks with the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany , State Department spokesman Robert Wood said . "  If Iran accepts , we hope this will be an occasion to seriously engage Iran of how to break the logjam of recent years and work in a cooperative manner to resolve the outstanding international concerns about its nuclear program , " Wood said . Iran so far has refused Security Council demands to halt its production of enriched uranium , which it has said will be used to fuel nuclear power plants . The United States has accused Tehran of concealing efforts to develop a nuclear bomb , and the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog agency said it has failed to resolve questions about the aim of Iranian program . Watch how U.S. policy on Iran is changing " The Bush administration had insisted that Iran first stop its nuclear program before any talks with the United States or its allies could go forward . Wednesday 's announcement is the latest step in the Obama administration 's efforts to engage the Islamic republic diplomatically after nearly three decades without formal ties . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , briefly addressing the administration 's decision Wednesday , told reporters that "  pursuing very careful engagement on a range of issues that affect our interests and the interests of the world with Iran makes sense . " "  And there 's nothing more important than trying to convince Iran to cease its efforts to obtain a nuclear weapon , " Clinton said at the State Department , where she was meeting Panama 's foreign affairs minister . Her comments came in response to a reporter 's question about engaging Iran . Washington , which has not had diplomatic relations with Iran since 1980 , has participated in previous talks only as an observer . Wood would not speculate about whether a meeting involving Iran and the rest of the group might lead to direct one-on-one meetings of U.S. and Iranian officials . "  It 's a little early to talk about that right now , " he said . Iran has so far responded coolly to the American overtures . In a statement carried on Iranian state television Wednesday evening , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Washington "  has no right to suggest how other nations should live . " "  Those who have nuclear bombs are backward nations , because the time for threats is over , " Ahmadinejad said . And in a statement carried by the official IRNA news agency , Ahmadinejad said Iran was "  ready to cooperate " toward nuclear disarmament , as long as those efforts did not create obstacles for countries that wish to produce nuclear fuel for civilian power . No date has been set for the next meeting of the "  P-5 plus 1 " group , which includes the five Security Council permanent members -- the United States , Britain , France , Russia and China -- as well as Germany . But Wednesday 's announcement comes amidst a variety of signals from both sides that a major diplomatic shift was in the winds . In March , President Obama delivered a televised message to the Iranian people offering new diplomatic engagement . And Clinton sat down with an Iranian official at a recent conference in the Netherlands on Afghanistan , but the two diplomats had no one-on-one contact . During his presidential campaign , Obama called for talks with Iran without pre-conditions -- a proposal sharply criticized by Clinton , then his chief opponent for the Democratic nomination , among others . Big obstacles to a U.S.-Iranian thaw remain , including reports from Tehran on Wednesday that Iranian authorities have charged an American journalist with espionage . Clinton told reporters that the the U.S. had asked the Swiss -- who represent U.S. interests in Iran -- for up-to-date information about Roxana Saberi , who has been jailed for nearly three months . During the March 31 meeting in the Netherlands , the United States delivered a note to Iran that asked for a response on the status of Saberi and American citizens detained or missing in Iran . U.S. officials say they are still awaiting a response from the Iranians to the note . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Engagement " with Iran "  makes sense , " Secretary of State Clinton says NEW : Ahmadinejad says U.S. "  has no right to suggest how other nations should live " E.U. official asked to invite Iran to new talks with Security Council members , Germany U.S. , having no diplomatic relations with Iran , has stayed out of those talks to date
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Her ankles and wrists are shackled . She 's wearing used sweats in the bright colors of the jailhouse , orange , blue and yellow . She shuffles to the courtroom to face the judge , her mother , and an uncertain future . Selena is a 13-year-old who was sold for sex . She wants to go home to her house in the suburbs and the baby sister she hardly knows . And now , facing a sympathetic judge and a loving mother who wants to make sure she 's safe , Selena is being told she ca n't go home . "  I want to go home and I want to be with my family , that 's all I want , " she tells Juvenile Court Judge William Voy , her face bathed in tears . "  This is n't making me any better in here . " Selena was arrested by undercover police on the Vegas strip on prostitution charges . But although she exchanged sex for money , in the eyes of the law , she 's a victim , by virtue of her age and the circumstances under which she was sold : by a pimp on the website backpage.com , a pimp who used drugs to entice her , and took everything she earned . "  It made me feel so nasty , I always just want a shower and get it off . I was like , oh , it 's so disgusting , " she said . "  And it never made me feel pretty , not one time , not one time . " She told us she was seeing four or five men a day , at the standard rate of $ 300 for an hour , $ 150 for a half . She may be a victim , but she ca n't go home , because no one trusts that she wo n't run again , back into the arms of a pimp . Like so many other underage trafficking victims , Selena is a chronic runaway , picked up by a pimp after she took off from home . "  I was at the bus stop and he said ` Oh , do you need a ride ? ' and I was like ` Yeah I do . ' I liked him a lot . I was straight up obsessed . I was like ` Wow , he 's so cute , ' " she says from an interview room at the Clark County Juvenile Justice Center , where she 's being held . "  It was n't just at first like ` Oh bitch , go get me money , ' it was n't like that at first -- but then it got like that . " Home for Selena is a nice single-family house in a new development on the outskirts of Las Vegas . Selena 's mother shows us her room . It looks like any other 13-year-old girl 's , except for the lipstick scrawl on her bedroom mirror spelling out the names of boys her mother has never met : boys , or maybe men . "  I do n't know . I mean , honestly , I do n't know what 's happening , " her mother says . "  I only knows what she tells me . And she does n't really tell me anything . So I do n't know . " Selena and her mother agreed to speak with us on camera . Their names have been changed so that any future internet searches do n't link her back to this story . But speaking on camera under these circumstances is a mark of bravery , and also of desperation . "  People say , ` Oh , Las Vegas , ' but it 's not just Las Vegas , " says Selena 's mother , who is a schoolteacher . "  You hear everywhere of kids , you know , being picked up and you never ever see them again . So it 's a horrible feeling . And no matter how many times that I talk to her about it , it 's just like she 's just not getting it . She 's not . " She 's not alone . According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , there are at least 100,000 underage girls being sex trafficked in America today . That 's a conservative estimate based on what little hard data currently exists ; NCMEC believes the real number could be as high as 300,000 . Most are runaways , suffering from psychological problems or drug dependence , picked up and sold by pimps for staggering profits . According to studies , pimps can make up to half a million dollars a year , and they frequently prey on the young and the vulnerable . The pimps ply their trade on the web , the new marketplace for underage sex trafficking . Last year , victims ' advocates called the internet classified site Craigslist 's Adult Service Section the "  Walmart of child sex trafficking . " CNN investigated Craigslist , posting an ad and receiving numerous calls from men seeking sex . That investigation helped spark a national conversation and outrage , as well as a call from 17 attorneys general around the country for Craigslist to shut down its adult services section . Video : Confronting Craigslist But when Craigslist shut down its section , the escort ads migrated to another site , backpage.com . We decided to investigate Backpage after advocacy groups accused the website , which is owned by the Village Voice Media Group , of facilitating the trafficking of underage girls . According to the AIM Group , an internet consulting firm , Backpage 's escort site earned an estimated $ 20 million in 2010 . Its profits soared after Craigslist decided to pull the plug on its adult services section . We found cases all over the country of underage girls being sold for sex on Backpage : Selena in Vegas , a 12-year-old in suburban Maryland , and a 14-year-old in St. Louis . For months , CNN has requested an interview with Backpage and Village Voice Media executives to talk about the accusations , but the company has refused . Last fall , Backpage hired internet security advisor Hemu Nigam to implement "  a holistic plan centered around preventing criminal activity on our site . " We wanted to know what that "  holistic plan " was , but Nigam would n't talk to us either . Full nudity appears to have disappeared from the site , but suspect ads with tag lines such as "  Daddy 's Little Girl " are common . We posted our own ad , using a photo of CNN correspondent Amber Lyon when she was 14 years old . She told the men who called that she was underage ; most did n't care . Video : CNN 's Amber Lyon posts Backpage ad One man offered Lyon $ 30,000 to travel to another state and meet a wealthy friend of his to have sex in an expensive hotel . We went to the hotel , confirmed the offer was genuine , but stopped before accepting the money . But the point where we stopped is the start for many underage prostitutes , like Selena . Selena desperately wants to return home , but the judge and her mother fear she will run away again and fall into the hands of another pimp . So they came up with a short-term solution : to send her to a facility in Salt Lake City that can at least deal with her drug problems . A private foundation is standing by to assist with long-term care when she gets out . But there are no guarantees . Her mother remembers Selena when she was 11 , getting good grades , a happy kid , before it all went wrong . She sometimes wishes her daughter would be like other kids , just for a day . "  You know , just to have a kid that actually just goes to school and comes home and does their homework and watches TV , you know . And it 's tough . But that 's not the case , " she says . "  I do n't want to take anything away from her because she 's great , in her own way . It 's just , I do n't know , I feel like she 's lost -- to be honest , I do . "	Selena , 13 , was sold for sex on backpage.com Advocacy groups have accused the website of facilitating the trafficking of underage girls Neither backpage.com nor its owner would comment on those accusations
CNN  -- Swedish golfer Henrik Stenson carded a solid 69 in the opening round of the WGC-CA Championship but it was his highly unusual recovery shot on the 12th on the Blue Monster course at Doral which raised more than a few eyebrows . Stenson did not leave much to the imagination with his Doral antics . Stenson stripped down to the bare essentials -- a pair of white boxer shorts -- before wading into the mud to hack out his ball after an wayward tee shot . The watching galleries could hardly believe their eyes as the tall Swede peeled off his clothes . "  Shirt , trousers , socks , shoes , hat , the lot was off , " he told the Press Association . "  Because of the mud I could n't really afford to play in any of my clothes as they would have been a real mess down the last six or so holes so I had no option , " Stenson explained . After getting the ball back on to the fairway , Stenson eventually made a one-over par bogey on the hole when he could have dropped at least two shots by taking a drop . "  If you are saving a shot , that has to be worth taking your shirt and trousers , " he added . What do you think of Stenson 's cheeky recovery shot ? The incident proved the main talking point on the day that Tiger Woods made his return to strokeplay golf and 32-year-old Stenson jokingly said it might offer a new avenue for sponsorships . "  Absolutely , you never know , after this I might have a new endorsement with PlayGirl or something like that . " European Ryder Cup star Stenson is playing for the $ 1.4 million first prize in the tournament in Florida which has an elite 81-strong field . His recovery shot evoked memories of the last-hole drama at the 1999 British Open at Carnoustie when tournament leader Jean Van de Velde waded into the Barry Burn after taking off his shoes and socks . The Frenchman at least spared the blushes of the crowds by keeping on his clothes but he made a hash of hole and lost his chance of winning the famous major .	Henrik Stenson creates a stir with ` striptease ' at top tournament in Florida Swedish star strips down to the bare essentials to play his ball out of the mud Tactic works as he saves at least a shot and cards a three-under 69
Yeonpyeong Island , South Korea  CNN  -- Amid South Korean plans to hold live-fire military drills this week and North Korean threats of retaliation , many residents of Yeonpyeong Island are evacuating , afraid of being caught in the middle . Villagers streamed onto what they believed was the last ferry to Incheon , South Korea , on Sunday , carrying what belongings they could . Some were holding their children as others helped the elderly . "  I 'm leaving because they said the drills are tomorrow , " said Kim Ok Jin , 66 . Kim said the island was once a good place to live and she does not want to leave . "  Of course I 'm angry , " she said . "  But that 's not going to change anything . " See more of CNN.com 's special coverage of the Koreas Many Yeonpyeong residents are evacuating for a second time . This time , however , they have warning . On November 23 , they had none before North Korea began shelling the island . Two civilians and two South Korean Marines died in the attack . The South Korean military said Thursday that its drills will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island between December 18 and 21 , but bad weather forced a delay Saturday . South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported the drills will take place Monday or Tuesday in the Yellow Sea off the island . As villagers departed , few signs of life remained on the island -- only military trucks patrolling and waiting for possible North Korean retaliation for the drills . Not everyone on Yeonpyeong , however , was leaving . Song Young Ok said she has not been told to stop selling tickets for the ferry off the island , and does n't know when the military drills will take place . Song said she is planning to stay put , holed up along with others in a military bunker . She said she does n't know why it has to be this way -- if South Korea carries out the drills , North Korea has threatened to retaliate even more strongly . South Korea 's insistence on conducting the drills is picking a fight , she said . Others were more optimistic . "  It 's OK , " said ferry passenger Lee Chun Nyeo , 83 . "  The soldiers need to do  the exercises  , right ? " Yeonpyeong is located just south of the Northern Limit Line , the line drawn in 1953 by the United Nations just after the Korean War . The U.N. drew the line three nautical miles from the North Korean coast and put five islands close to the coast under South Korean control . That was supposed to be a temporary arrangement . But in the absence of a full peace agreement , the Northern Limit Line remains in place . North Korea has suggested an alternative line , but South Korea has resisted , as it would bring the North 's maritime boundary close to Incheon , a main port . Waters in the Yellow Sea are important for fishing and crab . For North Korean fishermen especially , the blue crab season between June and September is an important source of income . Crabs have a habit of migrating south during that time , so the water is sometimes crowded with boats from both countries , as well as vessels from China . However , the Yellow Sea has seen armed clashes in the past few years , the most serious of them in 1999 and 2002 . China and Russia have asked South Korea to reconsider holding the drills . Russia called for an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council on Sunday . CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Residents of Yeonpyeong Island are caught in the middle of Korean tensions South Korea has said it will hold live-fire drills next week near the island Villagers are afraid North Korea will make good on its threat to retaliate
As Ebola fades from the headlines , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other top federal health officials made their case for a multi-billion dollar emergency fund to fight the virus in a congressional hearing Tuesday . CDC director Thomas Frieden defended President Barack Obama 's $ 6.2 billion proposal to combat Ebola , pointing out that the CDC is working on "  borrowed dollars . " "  The only way to protect us in the U.S. is to stop it at the source , and to build systems both in Africa and the U.S. that will find , stop and prevent Ebola , " said Frieden , likening the spread of Ebola virus to a wild fire . Band Aid 's Geldof on Ebola : ` We 're going to stop this thing ' If secured , the funding will be spent in part on increased foreign aid to halt the spread of Ebola in West Africa . Another portion of the money could build new safeguards to help American hospitals respond swiftly to potential future outbreaks . Currently , not all American medical centers are equipped to treat Ebola . With more funding , officials , say , hospital training can be expanded beyond the four medical centers where patients are funneled . CDC director reflects on how his agency is handling Ebola Obama made his pitch for increased funding just before a meeting with top health officials earlier Tuesday . In his remarks , the President admitted that media attention over the crisis has ebbed in recent weeks as the number of American Ebola patients has decreased -- but insisted that future risks can be minimized if Congress acts now . "  We are nowhere near out of the woods yet in West Africa , " Obama said , noting the increasing number of Ebola contractions in Sierra Leone . "  The more we can catch these things early where they begin , the less risks we have over the long term . " Should cities be reimbursed for Ebola costs ? The second death from Ebola in the U.S. occurred this week : Martin Salia , a doctor who contracted the disease when treating patients in Sierra Leone , died Monday in Nebraska . For additional funding to be secured , Congress will need to pass a new budget by Dec. 11 before the GOP Senate majority is sworn in -- or risk a government shutdown . Complete coverage on Ebola	The CDC director made a case before Congress for $ 6.2 billion President Barack Obama has said funding will prevent spread of the virus The federal budget must be approved by Dec. 11
CNN  -- Freeze ! Step away from the stack of face masks and hazmat suits . "  What 's more topical than Ebola ? " you 're thinking . "  It 's the perfect inspiration for a Halloween costume , right ?! " No . Just ... no . Using tragic current events as fodder for Halloween costumes is nothing new , but it 's often a hackneyed and insensitive choice . "  Prom night toilet baby " was a popular costume after a spate of girls gave birth to secret babies at school , and a bloodied duo strolled into a party dressed as Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman just last year . This year , for just $ 59.99 on one costume e-tailer , sexy Ebola containment suit can be yours . Knee-slappers , right ? They might evoke a chuckle from the crasser among us , but do you really want to be the hero of the most obnoxious person at the party or , worse , the most-hated person on Twitter ? Photos have already surfaced of a bro dressed as former Baltimore Raven Ray Rice and dragging around a lifeless doll meant to stand in for domestic violence victim Janay Rice . Janay Rice , a real person with actual feelings , weighed in on the tastelessness : " @TMZ it 's sad , that my suffering amuses others . " Do n't be the guy wearing the cruel , uncreative costume . Dallas is reeling from the first Ebola cases transmitted on U.S. soil . Predictably , some local resident chose to decorate his front yard as a biohazard zone . It 's unclear how the families of those who are fighting for their lives feel about the stunt , but you 'd think fellow Dallas denizens would have a little tact . "  Money ca n't buy empathy or good taste  shaking my head  , " Sandra Mundie James wrote to CNN Dallas affiliate WFAA on Facebook . That about sums it up . So maybe shelve the brilliant ideas that involve dead celebrities , biohazards , missing plane passengers , terrorists and domestic abusers . Yep , it 's been a rough year , but why memorialize it around a spider-filled punchbowl at the office party ?	It 's been tragedy-filled year since last Halloween : plane crashes , Ebola , domestic abuse Topical Halloween costumes tend to be popular but can also be tasteless and hurtful One reveler dressed as Ray Rice , who was kicked out of the NFL for domestic violence It might be wise to skip insensitive costumes in favor of more creative choices
EW.com  -- ABC entertainment president Paul Lee says he 's going to take a look at the long-gestating Star Wars live-action TV series now that the Disney deal to acquire Lucasfilm is complete . "  We 'd love to do something with Lucasfilm , we 're not sure what yet , " Lee exclusively told EW . "  We have n't even sat down with them . We 're going to look at -LSB- the live-action series -RSB- , we 're going to look at all of them , and see what 's right . We were n't able to discuss this with them until -LSB- the acquisition -RSB- closed and it just closed . It 's definitely going to be part of the conversation . " Even many working in Hollywood do n't realize a live-action Star Wars TV series has been sitting on the shelf the past few years . The project was commissioned by longtime Lucasfilm producer Rick McCallum , who enlisted writers such as "  Battlestar Galactica 's " Ron Moore and swore them to NDA secrecy on the plot details  more on the show 's storyline below  . Fifty scripts were written . McCallum once called the scripts the most "  provocative , bold and daring material that we 've ever done . " And then ... nothing . The scripts gathered dust , the scope of the production and the extent of the show 's necessary visual effects deemed too expensive for a broadcast or cable network . The president of one premium cable outlet told me last summer the project just did n't make any financial sense . The closest comparison was HBO 's lavish "  Game of Thrones . " But that deal gave HBO control of a major chunk of the "  Thrones " empire , including DVD and international distribution which significantly offset the show 's high production cost . The Star Wars show was budgeted at more than $ 5 million per episode and Lucasfilm wanted to retain ownership . ` Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 ' : Unseen scene ! But now Disney has purchased Lucasfilm for $ 4 billion and Disney owns more than a couple TV networks . The financials for a big-budget TV show are more compelling if the license fee and other income sources stay in the family . Already one Star Wars-related project is in the works for kids network Disney XD . Cartoon Network 's popular and innovative animated title The Clone Wars will likely shift to XD after its current deal expires . Could the live-action show finally see the light of day too ? It 's a tricky question because a new Star Wars film is planned for 2015 . Cautious brand managers are sometimes reluctant to have a live-action TV show on the air when producing live-action films â $ " such as Warner Bros. putting the kibosh on any Batman TV projects while making Christopher Nolan 's trilogy . Lee said he was n't sure if the project was still viable . "  It 's going to be very much up to the Lucasfilm brands how they want to play it , " he said . "  We got to a point here with Marvel , a very special point , where we 're in the Marvel universe , and very relevantly so , but we 're not doing "  The Avengers . " But "  S.H.I.E.L.D. " is part of The Avengers . So maybe something oblique is the way to -LSB- approach the Star Wars universe -RSB- rather than going straight head-on at it . " Sources say the live-action series centers on the story of rival families struggling over the control of the seedy underside of the Star Wars universe and the people who live within the subterranean level and air shafts of the metropolis planet Coruscant  the Empire 's urban-sprawl-covered home planet  . A bounty hunter may be the main character . Set between the original Star Wars film trilogy and the prequels , the time period allows for all sorts of potential appearances from classic figures from the Star Wars universe . '30 Rock ' : 12 best ` Game Over ' lines Extensive art work including character designs , costume designs , and set designs were all developed by a top team of concept artists and designers who worked for more than a year on the third floor design studio at George Lucas 's Skywalker Ranch 's main house on the project . The team was closely supervised by McCallum and Lucas . If all this sounds vaguely familiar , it might be because this roughly matches the description of the upcoming Star Wars videogame "  1313 . " In fact , sources say story materials and the designs for the TV project were used to help make the game . So if you want to see what the TV show was supposed to look like , check out art from "  1313 "  one example above  . This creative strip-mining could arguably help the TV show 's chances â $ " it 's not like Hollywood has been shy about doing crossovers between videogames and films before . Can you imagine that ultra-hypothetical ABC Sunday-night lineup ? Once Upon a Time , Star Wars : "  1313 " and "  S.H.I.E.L.D " ? See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Paul Lee says he 's going to take a look at the long-gestating Star Wars live-action TV series "  We 'd love to do something with Lucasfilm , we 're not sure what yet , " Lee said he project was commissioned by longtime Lucasfilm producer Rick McCallum
CNN  -- African-American farmers hoping for government settlement money in a racial bias case met with lawmakers Wednesday and called on Congress to come up with a way to fund the $ 1 billion deal . Litigation known as the Pigford Case established a longstanding pattern of discrimination at the U.S. Agriculture Department against African-American farmers who had applied for farm loans and support from federal programs . Under the terms of an involved process overseen by a federal judge and dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . In addition , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has said those farmers may pursue a claim for actual damages from the bias and potentially receive up to $ 250,000 . Ralph Paige , executive director of the Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Land Assistance Fund , said Wednesday that he believed that Congress was "  very close " to coming up with a way to pay the settlement , which covers as many as 80,000 African-American farmers . "  These farmers have suffered much , much too long , and it 's time that this thing get behind us . We can settle Pigford once and for all and send a clear message to the country that we are on the right track as a nation , " Paige said at news conference . "  We 're talking about much more than the money . We are talking about remedying past discrimination , " Paige said . A March 31 deadline to appropriate the funds has passed , and farmers now may withdraw from the settlement and pursue independent litigation against the government . Congress now has a target date of the end of May to come up with a plan . "  We spend a billion dollars on a jet to go bomb somebody . We 're talking about a billion dollars to help feed our country , and I just do n't see why Congress and the president ca n't go ahead and find -LSB- the funds -RSB- . It is an emergency , " said Gary Grant , with the Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association . Rep. G.K. Butterfield , D-North Carolina , said there is a "  total commitment " from President Obama and the majority party in the House and Senate to make sure the settlement is taken care of . Butterfield represents his state 's First Congressional District , which is home to Timothy Pigford , who filed the class-action lawsuit more than a decade ago . Butterfield said lawmakers need to work out how to pay for the settlement under the PAYGO rule , meaning Congress must balance any increased spending with equal savings elsewhere . The other option would be to designate the settlement as an emergency , which would be exempt from PAYGO . Lawmakers are looking for an appropriate piece of legislation in which to include the settlement to avoid adding to the deficit , Butterfield said . "  If we can not find the appropriate vehicle , then I would certainly support declaring this settlement as a national emergency and adding it to the next supplemental that may be on the House floor , " he said . Farmers have until May 31 to withdraw from the pending class-action settlement and pursue an independent claim against the government if they feel their chances would be better for a payout . If they choose to stay in the class , they will wait as a group to apply for the promised monetary damages . Vilsack has said there 's no question the damages are due for African-American farmers . In a statement last week , he said , "  I have met with and talked to key stakeholders and members of Congress reiterating the administration 's ongoing efforts to close this chapter in the history of the department . " CNN 's Paul Courson and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Advocates say lawmakers are on their side , but they want them to speed up the process Rep. Butterfield says Congress needs to have a payment plan or declare an emergency Lawsuit says U.S. Agriculture Department discriminated against African-American farmers
CNN  -- Barry Manilow told CNN 's Piers Morgan that when he first got into show business , he had "  no eyes to be a performer . I had no ambition to be on the stage singing , singing and dancing around the stage . " Manilow , who has sold over 80 million records worldwide , had 35 consecutive Top 40 hits and five albums simultaneously on the charts , is the guest on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The show was taped before a rare in-studio audience , and the renowned singer-songwriter played the piano and sang some of his hits . "  When I got up there to promote my first album , " said Manilow , "  I really did n't know what to do with my legs . I was able to get up from the piano , and then I really did n't know what else to do , because I had never , ever thought about standing up on a stage and entertaining . And , I thought I was dreadful . But the audiences did n't . And I think they were able to connect with a guy who was telling the truth . " Manilow recalled that his first real shot at the spotlight was given to him by Bette Midler in the early 1970s . "  I was her conductor and arranger , " said Manilow . "  And I had an album out . And she allowed me to do a couple of songs . " During the 1960s and 1970s , Manilow worked as a commercial jingle writer . He composed the songs for State Farm Insurance  "  And like a good neighbor , State Farm is there ... "  , Band-Aid  "  I am stuck on Band-Aid , 'cause Band-Aid 's stick on me ! "  and McDonald 's  "  You deserve a break today "  among others . Manilow pointed out that the State Farm and Band-Aid jingles still air to this day . The Brooklyn-born-and-raised Manilow recalled that on the day he was presented with his first $ 1 million check , which he calls "  The ` Mandy ' check , " he had actually bounced a check he 'd written out to AT&T that same morning . "  Mandy , " which was recorded in 1974 , was Manilow 's first No. 1 hit . "  I used it as a bookmark , " said Manilow . "  I mean , that 's where I was at , you know . I did n't take money seriously . I was never doing it for the money . " Manilow also recounted the lashing he got from critics who bashed "  Mandy , " despite the song 's success on the charts . "  I 've got my feelings on my sleeve , " said Manilow . "  I 've made a career out of it , you know ? This is who I am , this is what I feel and I think that was one of the reasons I had such trouble with the critics . They did n't like to see that from a guy . They 'd much rather see a guy being angry on the stage . " Manilow 's first album of original songs in more than a decade , "  15 Minutes , " is out . The singer-songwriter has been the resident headliner at The Paris Hotel in Las Vegas for two years ; prior to that he headlined at the Las Vegas Hilton for five years . Now in his seventh year in Vegas , Manilow may soon beat Elvis Presley 's record of Las Vegas longevity . The album name is a nod to the expression coined by artist Andy Warhol in 1968 : "  In the future , everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes . " Manilow , who has been world-famous for nearly 40 years , told Morgan that the rewards of fame depend on how it is handled . Manilow said that he fears for people who become famous on shows such as "  American Idol " and "  X Factor " without having paid their dues . "  They do have talent , " Manilow said . "  But , you know , before you know it , they are household names . And they have n't worked in the bars that we worked in . They have n't played the bar mitzvah , they have n't gotten dressed in the men 's room . " However , Manilow pointed out there 's a dark side to fame today and that stars often pay a price that he did n't have to pay . In particular , he referenced Britney Spears ' psychological issues and troubles with paparazzi and said , "  I do n't know whether anybody brings that kind of thing on themselves . It seems to me that she was trying to live her life . "  This did n't happen to me . Not that . They did n't follow me around wherever I was going . " He said he worries about young celebrities today because "  just being famous is a very dangerous thing to do if you are not grounded . " Manilow also pointed out that celebrities today open their private lives to the public via Twitter , YouTube and reality shows , saying "  they invite people in , you know . For me , that 's one place I lock the door unless I invite you in . It 's my one thing that I finally have to myself , man . Which is my life and you ca n't come in unless I invite you in . " Morgan told Manilow that he agrees that "  we know too much " about famous people 's lives , and that he finds the musician more interesting because he keeps his private life private , invoking "  the old mystique from celebrity . " Manilow recalled coming up in "  that world of Sinatra 's " where "  we did n't see then what we do see now . "  I 'm a private man , and I 'm a gentleman , " said Manilow . "  And I 'm proud of it . " When Morgan asked Manilow to tell the now-famous story of how Bob Dylan publicly came to his defense , Manilow said , "  He said some really great things when I was out at dinner and he gave me a real compliment . He said , ` Keep doing what you 're doing , man . ' And those were the years that I really needed to hear that . " What 's Manilow 's favorite Barry Manilow song ? "  There 's so many songs , " Manilow said . "  There 's been 30 years of music , but ` One Voice ' comes to mind . " Manilow said the song remains an inspiration to him because the words and music came to him in a dream one night . He would n't disclose his least favorite Barry Manilow song . How did Manilow feel about being "  the greatest showman of our generation " by Rolling Stone magazine ? "  That 's really a beautiful thing to go through my life with , because I work real hard on that stage . I try to do the best work I can . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Barry Manilow got his start as Bette Midler 's musical conductor and arranger He also wrote commercial jingles early in his career , most notably State Farm and Band-Aid Manilow on first $ 1 million check : "  I used it as a bookmark " Manilow : "  I 'm a private man , and I 'm a gentleman . And I 'm proud of it . "
CNN  -- A Kenyan chief in a town far from the bustling capital foiled a predawn robbery recently using Twitter , highlighting the far-reaching effects of social media in areas that do n't have access to the Internet . Chief Francis Kariuki said he got a call in the dead of the night that thieves had broken into a neighbor 's house . He turned to Twitter , which allows users to send messages in 140 characters or less , to reach his community instantly . "  Thieves in Kelven 's living room , let 's help him out please , " he tweeted in Swahili , the local language . Local residents , who subscribe to his tweets through a free text messaging service , jumped into action . They surrounded the house , sending the thugs fleeing into the night . He later sent a message thanking the community in his town of Lanet Umoja for coming out . While Twitter has been associated with bolstering uprisings and anti-government protests in Africa , its use is expanding in the continent , with communities in remote areas tailoring the global service and making it work for local audiences . In the town 100 miles from Nairobi , a majority of residents do n't have access to computers , the Internet or smart phones . The sporadic cyber cafes strewn across the landscape charge for Internet access . However , almost every household has a cell phone and text messages are a major form of communication in the nation . "  Every time we have barazas  meetings  twice a month , I make attendees subscribe to my tweets using their regular SMS or text messaging services , " Kariuki said by phone from the town . "  It has not only saved on the cost of fliers , it has also allowed us to save trees and contribute to green efforts . " Subscribers get his tweets in real time in the form of free text messages , and do n't need to have a Twitter account or an Internet connection to receive them . The chief can send them any time using his smart phone . "  It 's all about empowering the local person on the ground with information , " Kariuki said by phone . "  Before I decided on this , I asked around -- how can I reach all my people in one time at no cost to them ? " Kariuki leads a community of 28,000 residents and while his Twitter account shows he has about 400 followers -- or people who get his tweets online -- the chief said those who receive his tweets via text message are in the thousands . "  They just do n't register as followers because they do n't have Twitter accounts , " he said . "  A lot of people in town get the text tweets , even the thieves and police . " The chief 's use of social media allows him to reach everyone at the same time , and residents say the effort is paying off . "  He has really helped us know what 's going on around us . Now we know to expect a message from the chief any time , so we do n't turn off our phones at night , " said Jane Wangari , who lives in the town . In addition to rallying the community , the chief also uses social media to share doses of encouragement and send out alerts about missing animals . "  There 's a donkey that 's been tied under a tree for days , we do n't know its owner , help please , " he tweeted recently after a message about a missing sheep that was later found . A recent study shows social media use in the continent is growing , with South Africa sending the most tweets , followed by Kenya and Nigeria . Egypt and Morocco follow in the list of top five most active countries . The report this month by Portland Communications and the trend-analysis group Tweetminster based its conclusion on a three-month study of tweets from the continent . About 57 % of tweets from Africa are sent from mobile devices , according to the study . "  We saw the pivotal role of Twitter in the events in North Africa last year , but it is clear that Africa 's Twitter revolution is really just beginning , " Beatrice Karanja , head of Portland Nairobi , said in a statement . "  Twitter is helping Africa and Africans to connect in new ways and swap information and views . And for Africa -- as for the rest of the world -- that can only be good . " During the study , South Africa -- the leading country in the study -- sent about 5 million tweets , nearly twice as many as second-place Kenya .	The chief sends out tweets , which residents get in the form of a text message He also tweets to alert residents about missing animals and share doses of encouragement Residents in his town do n't need a smart phone or Web access to get the messages Study : About 57 % of tweets from Africa are sent from mobile devices
CNN  -- A Rutgers University student commits suicide after being emotionally violated when his sexual encounter with another man is secretly streamed online . Tyler Clementi jumps in the Hudson River , and there is a general outcry accompanied by a superficial soul searching . Why is this happening ? Where did this come from ? Really ? Seriously ? Is n't it rather obvious that this cruel prank is but a reflection of a much larger social cancer ? Just turn on the TV or check out a newspaper headline . "  Alarm Over Homosexual ` Brainwash ' " screamed Monday 's New York Post . It was quoting Carl Paladino , a mainstream Republican candidate for governor of New York who said homosexuality is not an "  equally valid " option and attacking his opponent for marching in a gay pride parade . A few articles in , another headline reads "  Anti-Gay Riot Hits Serbia Parade " about Serbians who threw Molotov cocktails and stun grenades to disrupt a gay pride parade in Belgrade . I look up from the newspaper to see my TV broadcasting a perp walk of teenage men from the Bronx accused in a gay-bashing rampage . Cops say during the hate crime , two men suspected of being gay were sodomized with a wooden stick . All of this came on the heels of a homophobic attack , allegedly by two Staten Island men , in the restroom of the famed Stonewall Inn in the West Village of Manhattan . That 's the very spot where the gay rights movement was born after a so-called "  morals raid " by cops back in 1969 inspired gays to take to the streets in outrage . I have been to the Stonewall several times , and this attack gave me chills . They all do . It 's easy to point in horror at these over-the-top expressions of hate . It 's a lot harder to take an honest inventory of troubling attitudes toward gays , which some Americans reveal in more subtle ways such as the ubiquitous putdown "  that 's so gay ! " I click on my BlackBerry , and a friend writes about her fears of revealing her sexual orientation while on a job interview . She writes , "  I paused right before I said the word ` gay . ' Yes , I was scared . I want this job badly , I do . I need this job . I said to myself , though , if they are n't going to accept me for my truth , then it is n't for me . I said the word gay and felt good about it . " I do n't know whether she got the job . But her fear is real , and sadly it is justified . I 'm shocked at what 's happening lately because I came out as gay late in life -- just a few years ago -- at a time when it seemed there was much more acceptance . I encountered no discrimination from any quarters as a result and was thrilled and filled with hope that human beings might actually be evolving to the point where they can apply that wonderful notion of "  do n't tread on me " to sexual orientation . Clearly this new wave of violence comes partly because equality for gays is a subject that 's dominating the news . "  Do n't ask , do n't tell , " gay marriage : These issues have put the situation in everyone 's face and , therefore , biases that might have been uttered only behind closed doors are now surfacing with a vengeance . Paladino used anti-gay remarks for politics The backlash may also be in response to the enormous strides the LGBT community has made in recent years . The success of Ellen DeGeneres , who came out more than 10 years ago and remains very popular , is one example . It 's inspired a growing number of Americans to come out of the closet , too . Today , it seems almost everyone knows a friend or relative who is gay . Our former vice president , Dick Cheney , whose daughter is a lesbian . That has caused a lot of Americans to open their minds and hearts . But , for others , it 's turned a hypothetical antagonism into something very personal and visceral . The philosopher John Stuart Mill said every great movement must experience three stages : ridicule , discussion , adoption . I would make that last one : acceptance . Clearly we are in the anger stage of the social justice movement for gays . I ca n't wait for us to move past it . To that end , I would urge everyone upset over Clementi 's suicide or any of the recent violent attacks to ask themselves : Do my attitudes also need an adjustment on this issue ? Do I look askance if I see two people of the same sex holding hands ? Would I feel uncomfortable if my child 's teacher was gay ? Would I be annoyed if my child 's college roommate was gay ? Would I be less likely to hire a person who is openly gay ? Do I make jokes about people being gay ? Have I talked to my child about the perils of intolerance ? Why did Tyler Clementi die ? If you 've detected prejudice on your part after this self-analysis , you can do something about it . You can acknowledge it and perhaps realize that it 's irrational . For example , the states that have approved gay marriage have not seen a social breakdown or any negative repercussions . Just because something makes one uncomfortable because it 's different does n't mean it 's morally wrong . We can all learn to coexist . It 's not those with extreme views , but rather those in the middle who will ultimately decide whether America 's gays get to become first-class citizens or whether we will continue to be sidelined by prejudice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell says recent anti-gay violence and remarks point up surge in homophobia But , she says , the "  social cancer " of such views is revealed in subtle ways , too Gay issues are in the news ; people are forced to face their biases . It can get ugly , she says Writer : Backlash a stage toward social justice ; we should ensure we 're not complicit in hate
Rolling Stone  -- Bad news for Black Sabbath fans : Bill Ward will not be playing drums at any of the group 's three gigs scheduled this year . In a long message posted on his website , Ward explained that he was simply not able to come to terms with his bandmates . The metal pioneers are playing their first show since 2005 this Saturday evening at their hometown of Birmingham , England -- and Ward claims that he first learned of the gig through an ad on the Internet . The original Sabbath lineup announced last November that they would reunite for a tour and their first album since 1978 's "  Never Say Die ! " Less than two months later , guitarist Tony Iommi was diagnosed with lymphoma , prompting Sabbath to cancel the vast majority of their summer tour . Weeks later , Bill Ward announced via a Facebook that he would not participate in the group 's reunion until he was presented with a "  signable contract . " The group vowed to carry on without him and had recently announced a headlining gig at Lollapalooza , as well as a warm-up show in Birmingham this Saturday . In his new letter , Ward says that the group asked him to play drums on three songs during their set at the Download Festival in June , an offer that he refused . On May 9 , Ward says , Sabbath asked him to play this Saturday 's gig for free without any guarantee that he 'd get to perform at the other shows , which he ultimately turned down . Here is the complete text of Ward 's letter : "  Dear Sabbath Fans and Fellow Musicians , I sincerely regret to inform you that after a final effort to participate in the upcoming Sabbath shows a failure to agree has continued . At this time I have to inform you that I wo n't be playing with Black Sabbath at the Birmingham gig dated May 19 , 2012 , nor will I be playing at Download on June 10 , 2012 . Further , I will not be playing at Lollapalooza on August 3 , 2012 . It is with a very sad heart that I bring you this news . I am sincerely passionate in my desire to play with the band , and I 'm very , very sorry that it 's fallen to this . This statement is even more painstaking to write , as I was particularly excited to play alongside Tony Iommi after the recent treatments he underwent . I wanted that to become a reality . To express my thoughts about you , the Sabbath fans , I 'm going to speak to you all through an experience my brother James had recently . My brother Jimmy lives in the U.K. . When speaking with him a couple of days ago , he told me that an acquaintance had stopped him on the street and confronted him , ` Is your brother playing Birmingham ? What 's going on ? I waited in line with my son and paid x amount for the concert tickets . ' The man 's son is a young drummer . He 's going to see Sabbath , and he wants to see Bill Ward play drums . Upon hearing this news , I felt horrible . I could n't help feeling some resentment towards the failure to reach an agreement , the failure to remember where we came from , the failure to be as brothers , as we once were . To be clear , I 'm not blaming the other guys or finding any faults with them . I would think it ca n't be easy for them either , but this situation is just really sad . It 's sad that it 's come to this . ` This ' will surely leave a mark and be unwelcome to the memory . Hopefully ` this ' will heal and pass in time . My heart sank when Jimmy told me about this young boy . I know this boy is going to be disappointed , and I do n't know how to amend it , other than to put my arms around the boy and tell him I love him . Sabbath fans have a voice and a face , to me you 're human , you have families and despair . You have ferocity and emotions and graciousness , and at this moment as far as I 'm concerned you are also that young boy in England . I do n't know how to amend my part in these failings other than to put my arms around you and say I love you and let you know I 'm very , very sorry . Throughout this process , which began over a year ago , I have had to stand up for myself time and time again . I have had to stand up for myself and in doing so realize my actions indirectly , although unintentionally , are upsetting and hurting a lot of you . I know in my heart I could n't have done these concerts by agreeing the terms suggested . I made a solemn vow after the last European and Ozzfest concerts that I would never again enter into what was , in my opinion , a totally unsatisfactory contract . I have to stand for something , and as painful as it is , I 'm doing it . Earlier in April 2012 , I 'd been asked to participate ` minimally ' in the Download festival . I believe I 'd been offered no more than three songs to play while another drummer presumably played the rest of the show with Black Sabbath . I was not willing to participate in that offer . I was not prepared to watch another drummer play a Sabbath set , while I was to play only three songs . I found out about the Birmingham gig on Monday , April 30 through the Internet ad . I was taken aback somewhat by the date , and the fact it was Birmingham . Knowing the "  signable " contract negotiations were at best in shreds , I was upset by the idea that the band was going to play Birmingham and play it assumedly without me . I had no prior knowledge of the date and location , and I felt totally excluded . We contacted the representative for Black Sabbath to see if something could be worked out . In the meantime my drum crew and I , along with our US endorsers , finished all the necessary planning for a swift departure to the UK . There was n't a whole lot to complete ; we 'd all been on standby more or less since mid-January 2012 . The remaining work in the UK was confirmed done by our European and UK endorsers and we were good to go by Friday , May 4 2012 . There were two stress points : firstly , getting an agreement in place , and secondly , getting to England in a timely manner . Jetlag time was taken into account as well as drum practice , a drum practice room in the heart of Birmingham , accommodation , and travel arrangements were all in place to meet with any band rehearsals that may have transpired before the Birmingham show . So far everything that had been arranged was on my dime , but we did n't move ahead without a realistic confirmation . Communications between the representative and my lawyer continued through the weekend of May 5 finalizing on Wednesday , May 9 . The offer we received on May 9 was , ` come to the U.K. , play for free and see how the first show goes . ' I was tempted . Playing for free would not have been a problem for me , but ` seeing how the first show goes ' left an element of risk which could have affected Download . My ideal thought was to play in full the Birmingham show , in full Download , and in full Lollapalooza . I had notified the representative that May 10 was my cutoff day in order to have good lead-in time for England . On the night of May 9 I asked for a brief letter to be sent to the representative asking to find out if we were at an end . On the morning of Thursday , May 10 , I received a reply in the affirmative . After consulting with my advisors and crew a decision was made to let go and stop . I ca n't prioritize the Sabbath fans making one show more important than the other . I ca n't do that . All of you are important . It 's all the gigs or none at all . I ca n't come to Birmingham and ` see what happens ' knowing there is a risk of not being able to play Download or Lollapalooza . Again , for me , it 's all or nothing . I had to say ` no ' to Birmingham on the principle of wanting to play all the shows . Saying no to Birmingham is very difficult for me . My family grew up in Birmingham . Black Sabbath grew up in Birmingham . It 's still my hometown and I resent having to arrive at such a difficult choice . Although the statement was made that , ` the door is always open ' for me , as explained above , walking through that door is not always as easy as it sounds . There are many complicated issues and unseen and unspoken agendas on hand . I can assure you , my criteria for a "  signable " contract is based in mindful principles , respectability , and acknowledgement of my history within the band . I hold no malice or resentment towards the other band members . I love them ; I 'm tolerant of them ; I 'm frustrated with them , as they may be with me . My fight has never been with them . I 'll love them forever . In my opinion , nobody wins this time ; the band does n't win ; the fans for an original lineup do n't win . Nobody wins , nobody . Even the ones who thought they did . I did n't want to make this decision , but I have to be honest and transparent . This is the statement I did n't want to write ; it 's the last thing I wanted to do . But , I have written it , and now it can go into the universe . Since Spring of 2011 , I 've waited patiently and hopefully for a signable contract , you know the rest . I stand for the boy in the U.K. , for the coming drum student , for all the drummers , who write their parts out and get stiffed on the publishing , I stand with the Sabbath fans chanting ` Bill Ward ' and asking ` why ? ' and I stand with Tony and Geezer and Ozzy . On a final note , even though I 'm at an end with the upcoming announced concerts , I will remain with an open mind and a position of willingness to negotiate ` signable ' terms with Sabbath 's representatives in the future . Stay strong . Stay safe . With all my heart and strength , I love you , Bill Ward " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Bill Ward has declined to play at any of the Black Sabbath 's three gigs scheduled this year Sabbath asked him to play this Saturday 's gig for free without any guarantee "  I 'm very , very sorry that it 's fallen to this , " Ward said in a statement
CNN  -- The stock photo , posted on a Facebook fan page for the accused Colorado shooter , shows two young men in a movie theater turning around to tell the people behind them to be quiet . "  If you do n't shut up , " it says , "  we 'll James Holmes your a -- . " It 's not new for Facebook pages to pop up in support of accused killers and other distasteful figures , but a few dozen Holmes fan pages -- including one with more than 800 followers that appeared the day Holmes is accused of opening fire on a theater in Aurora , Colorado , killing 12 people and wounding dozens -- are raising new questions about what constitutes free and appropriate speech in the digital age , especially on Facebook . The network , which has 900 million monthly active users , has long been regarded as a sort of brightly lit town square in an Internet that has some dark and seedy corners . People must sign up for Facebook under a real identity , so the trolling habits that anonymity seems to encourage tend to be less tolerated on Facebook than on sites such as 4chan or even YouTube . Still , Facebook can be fairly lenient about what it will let people say on its network . The company has decided not to take down the James Holmes fan pages , although employees are monitoring them closely for types of speech that would violate the social network 's community guidelines , spokesman Fred Wolens said . The most popular page , "  while incredibly distasteful , does n't violate our terms , " he said . For that fan site to be taken down , it would have to post "  credible threats " against specific people or post something that was intended to incite violence , Wolens said . Facebook declined to comment on whether particular messages or comments on that particular page had been removed because they met either of those two criteria . Facebook sometimes will remove comments , posts or photos without taking down an entire page . Wolens added that the Holmes fan pages are not representative of how Facebook users are responding . He pointed to several pages where Facebook users are rallying around the victims of the Colorado shooting by posting memorials , messages of support and by trying to raise money for a victim who was shot and now is in an intensive care unit . "  We are heartened that the vast majority of activity on Facebook surrounding this tragedy has been focused on helping the community cope and beginning the healing process in the wake of these events , " the company said in an e-mailed statement . In the past , Facebook has been criticized both for leaving up certain Facebook pages and images and for taking down others . Last year , the site sparked outrage when it removed a support page for nursing mothers because it featured breastfeeding photos , but reinstated it two days later . It is now part of the site 's guidelines to allow such images to be posted on the site . The social network in March 2011 took down a page calling for a Palestinian intifada after the Israeli government complained . It left up a Holocaust-denial page in 2009 , saying that "  being offensive or objectionable " does not mean a site can be removed . At the time , Dallas , Texas , attorney Brian Cuban urged the network to set tighter controls , saying : "  There is no First Amendment right to free speech in the private realm . This is n't a freedom-of-speech issue . Facebook is free to set the standard that they wish . " Facebook 's "  Community Standards " document , which is posted online , addresses violent and threatening speech in this way : "  Safety is Facebook 's top priority . You may not credibly threaten to harm others , or organize acts of real-world violence . We remove content and may escalate to law enforcement when we perceive a genuine risk of physical harm , or a direct threat to public safety . We also prohibit promoting , planning or celebrating any of your actions if they have , or could , result in financial harm to others , including theft and vandalism . " The site also does not tolerate speech that promotes self-harm , hate speech , bullying or "  graphic content , " nudity or pornography , according to that online policy . Other technology companies have become embroiled in similar debates about what is and is n't appropriate communication on online platforms . Apple is regarded as running one of the tightest ships , since it pre-approves apps that will be sold in its App Store . It also has been criticized , however , for rejecting apps that would compete with the company 's own offerings or that it finds distasteful for one reason or another . In 2010 , for example , the company initially rejected an app that featured the work of a Pulitzer Prize winning political cartoonist . The app later was approved by Apple , following pad press . Google + , that technology giant 's social network , came under fire for initially requiring its users to sign in using their real names . Some groups protested the policy , saying that political dissidents in authoritarian regimes , for example , could n't use the service without fear of violence . The company softened the policy in January , allowing nicknames . Twitter bans users from impersonating others , infringing on trademarks , using the service unlawfully and threatening violence , according to its standards document , called "  The Twitter Rules . " It bans using pornographic images "  in either your profile picture or user background , " but does not seem to ban users from posting links to such material . Facebook is letting the Holmes fan page saga play out . Many users have commented that they find the page "  disgusting " and "  sick minded . " "  You mock the death of these poor people ? Seriously ? " one wrote . Others are calling for Facebook users to ignore the page in order to avoid giving it more power . "  He 's just a troll with nothing better to do than to fish for negative attention on the internet . I actually feel sorry for him , " one commenter wrote . The page 's administrator , who has not revealed his or her identity on that fan page , does n't seem bothered . "  Whatever you have to say to me , I do n't care . Whenever you report me . This page is n't affected .  I 've been reported over like a billion times and nothing has happened  , " the page 's administrator writes , adding : "  Also , I do n't believe in karma , and I do n't believe in hell . Please keep this in mind when you post . Unless its something smart or funny , Please know ; I 'm just going to laugh at you and all you 're doing is wasting your time . " While the page is whipping some people into a fury , Robert Thompson , a professor of pop culture at Syracuse University , cautioned against reading too much into a tiny piece of the Internet that has little value to the larger public discourse . "  Probably the amount of attention that we give to this stuff is totally disproportionate to how most people feel , " he said by phone . "  But because anybody with the Internet has got an international distribution system at their fingertips , if you start something that is a pro-mass-murderer fan page , it 's going to get the attention of people . " It 's understandable that people would be outraged by the Facebook page , he said , especially since it mocks the victims of a mass murder that is not even a week old . But the page might be written in an ironic tone , he said , and it certainly is n't representative of mainstream views in America -- or anyone 's view , other than its creator . "  The mistake is made when people say what does this page mean about America ? " he said , "  This page does n't say thing about America , besides maybe that there are too many Facebook pages . "	Facebook pages backing the suspect in Colorado theater killings have popped up James Holmes is accused of killing 12 moviegoers early Friday morning A Facebook fan page for Holmes had more than 800 likes on Wednesday Professor of pop culture warns against reading too much into a tiny piece of the Internet
CNN  -- To fully appreciate all the A350 XWB promises to offer , your imagination needs to take a rather giant leap . On display for the first time at an airshow , the brand new extra wide bodied passenger jet has been one of the Singapore Airshow 's major attention grabbers . Flying high above the Changi Exhibition Centre , it looks sleek and maneuverable . It 's a big draw , part of the airshow 's static display sitting beside its key competitor , Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner . But step on board , and it 's unlike any other experience on a passenger jet , because the A350 is still a test aircraft . Packed with flight testing gear , including the equivalent of 400 kilometers of bright orange testing cables , every nuance of what happens when the plane is in the air is captured by equipment that feeds data live to Airbus ' headquarters in Toulouse . Some 600,000 parameters can be monitored and recorded at any one time as part of that testing . Large water tanks under the floor are filled to the exact weight the aircraft will carry when it 's full of passengers and baggage . The A350 first took to the skies on June 14 last year . Soon after , it performed a fly-by at the Paris Airshow . So far two test planes have clocked 1,000 hours of flying time , some in extreme conditions . To date the A350 has experienced the cold of northern Canada and the high altitude of La Paz in Bolivia . In the next few weeks it will also conduct tests in the stifling heat of the Middle East . All five test A350s will have to fly for 2,500 hours before achieving certification . Selling features This is a passenger jet made up of 53 % composite material according to Simon Azar from the Airbus Marketing Division , the highest of any commercial aircraft . This allows the A350 to travel as fuel efficiently as possible , lowering operating costs . The wings of the jet incorporate the jet maker 's latest aerodynamics and advanced low-speed controls . The curled winglets are designed to reduce drag , again saving fuel . Essentially the plane will fly further for less , to help offset the high cost of buying the aircraft , which has a list price of $ 254 million-322 million depending on size . Also adding to the customer experience , Airbus says , are the A350 's low noise levels . This airplane has already been nicknamed by some as the "  Hushliner , " a title Airbus has embraced . "  The noise levels for the aircraft are going to be very low , " says Azar . "  It 's designed to be a very quiet aircraft both in the cabin and for surrounding space as the aircraft flies around . That 's very important . Noise pollution around airports is something that we work to reduce . " Airbus also says its custom Rolls Royce engine is unrivaled in terms of fuel efficiency , and contributes to the aircraft achieving a 25 % reduction in seat-mile costs and 25 % lower carbon dioxide emissions . Passenger experience For passengers , Airbus says it 's offering great quality air  replaced on the aircraft every two to three minutes  , wider cabins and 18-inch-wide seats in economy . When carrying 315 passengers this plane can travel 7,800 nautical miles , or an equivalent 17 hours , useful when research suggests passengers of the future will be flying for longer . The twin aisle jet can carry between 250 and 400 passengers . It 's designed to have an economy class carrying nine abreast , but the A350 will come in three sizes , the A350-800 , A350-900 and A350-1000 , and can be configured to seat passengers from eight to 10 abreast . It 'll be up to the customer airlines to choose the mode of inflight entertainment . Business class passengers will experience all the perks , with Airbus promising mood lighting and the option for full flat seats . First class can be fitted at the customer airline 's discretion . It 's a lot to get your head around when you look at the airplane as it is today . "  Flight crew class " is what Azar laughingly calls the 50 odd well-worn gray seats the jet is currently fitted with , all recovered from old aircraft . For now , these are strictly reserved for crew and mechanics during test flights , but that will change . The first fit-out of an A350 with a proper cabin is expected next month . VIPs and media only The A350 arrived in Singapore shortly before the airshow started . Only a select few have been allowed inside , including aviation journalists and VIP visitors , including Britain 's Undersecretary of State for Transport Stephen Hammond . On Thursday the plane is due to fly 13 hours back to Toulouse , where rigorous tests will continue until the plane is ready to go to market . Airbus says it expects that to be in the fourth quarter of this year . Its debut customer , Qatar Airways , has ordered 80 of the aircraft . Airbus has a backlog of orders for 814 A350 jets , from 39 customers , almost a third of which are from the Asia Pacific region . Charlotte Glennie is an award-winning freelance journalist living in Singapore . She has previously worked as a foreign correspondent based out of both Beijing and Hong Kong .	Airbus put its A350 XWB test aircraft , with its bare bones cabin , on display at the Singapore Air Show For now , flights strictly reserved for crew and mechanics First fit-out of an A350 with a proper cabin is expected next month
Vienna , Austria  CNN  -- If anyone can understand what the Cleveland abduction victims must have endured , it 's Natasha Kampusch . Like the three women , the 25-year-old Austrian spent most of a decade imprisoned in her abductor 's house after being abducted on a Vienna street in 1998 . Wolfgang Priklopil kept her locked in his cellar for eight tortuous years . He raped her , then committed suicide when she finally escaped seven years ago . She said Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight should enjoy the feeling of freedom but be careful . "  It was an enormous feeling of joy that can not be compared to anything else , " she told CNN . "  You see all of the possibilities laid out in front of you . ... "  The women in Cleveland should really try to savor this joyous feeling as long as possible , and to avoid letting themselves be pushed back into everyday life too soon . " In 1998 , Kampusch , then 10 , was dragged into a car while walking to school . She was often locked inside a "  hermetically sealed " concrete jail . Her abductor used restraints on her to keep her in bed with him as he slept . She wrote that she was beaten as many as 200 times a week -- until she heard her own spine "  snap . " She escaped in August 2006 and wrote a book entitled "  3,096 Days " about the ordeal . The days immediately after her escape were hard . "  It was a very difficult time to experience for me , the media everywhere , and re-establishing my relationship with my parents again , " she said . In many ways the case in Cleveland is a lot like hers , but she was alone , while the three Ohio women had each other to talk to during their captivity . She also never heard her abductor explain why he did it , but she said that was n't as important as knowing he would never be able to harm anyone else . She said she was glad the women were still alive . "  I am very happy for the three women , and thank God they had survived their ordeal , " she said . "  They are certainly very strong women . " Kampusch said former captives need to take time to work through the emotional issues themselves . "  Do n't let other people take over , " she said , standing outside the home where she was held . She owns it now ; it was awarded to her by the Austrian courts as damages . The property is an important symbol , she said , and keeping it is her way of dealing with her past . "  It 's so very emotional for me because it never stops , " she said . "  You live with it . " The ordeal will be with her for her whole life , she said . She tries to see positives in her life and look forward , not back . She had to "  bury the hate you feel for the person who did this to you , " she said . Besides assimilating back into normal lives slowly , former captives also have to deal with the people who do n't believe their stories are entirely true . She would tell the Cleveland women : "  Do n't worry what people say . They are the ones that experienced it , they are the ones who survived it , and they are the ones who have to come to terms with what they experienced their entire lives . " It 's a sobering message for women already scarred by years of terrible conditions . Their captivity has ended , but their ordeal may be far from over . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Vienna , and Steve Almasy wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report .	Natasha Kampusch was held for eight years in an Austrian man 's basement She escaped and was reunited with her family in August 2006 She says the Cleveland women should return to normal lives slowly Kampusch says she had to "  bury hate " for her abductor , who later committed suicide
Washington  CNN  -- Some of the most powerful leaders in American politics came together Thursday to remember Dorothy Height , a woman who dedicated her life to civil rights and justice for the least powerful members of society . President Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Attorney General Eric Holder led mourners at a memorial service for Height at a packed National Cathedral . Height , a civil rights pioneer , died last week at the age of 98 . She had been chair and president emeritus of the National Council of Negro Women and worked alongside civil rights leaders including the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , future U.S. Rep. John Lewis and A. Philip Randolph . She was on the platform when King delivered his "  I Have a Dream " speech at the 1963 March on Washington . Height 's life was an "  unambiguous record of righteous work , " Obama said in the service 's eulogy . She "  deserves a place of honor in America 's memory . " She was a woman of "  quiet , dogged , dignified persistence . " Height was born in an era when "  Jim Crow ruled the South  and  the Klan was on the rise , " Obama said . "  Progress came slowly . That progress came from the collective efforts of multiple generations of Americans . ... Men and women like Dr. Height took it upon themselves -- often at great risk -- to change this country for the better . " "  May God bless Dorothy Height and the union that she made more perfect , " he said . Mourners at the service participated in renditions of "  The Battle Hymn of the Republic " and the gospel song "  We Are Climbing Jacob 's Ladder . " Referred to as the "  godmother " of the civil rights movement , Height was at the center of countless heated debates over social justice in a changing country beginning in the early days of President Franklin Roosevelt 's administration . Among other awards , Height received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1994 from President Clinton and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2004 . Height led the National Council of Negro Women from 1957 to 1988 , when she became the group 's chair and president emeritus . She was also a key figure in the YWCA beginning in the 1930s . Height was born in Richmond , Virginia , and grew up in Rankin , Pennsylvania . Her civil rights work began in 1933 when she became a leader of the United Christian Youth Movement of North America . She fought to stop lynchings and worked to desegregate the armed forces . Under Height 's leadership , the council worked to help women and low-income families by promoting programs to alleviate hunger and build more affordable housing . The organization also spearheaded voter registration drives and started "  Wednesdays in Mississippi " in which female interracial groups helped at Freedom Schools , institutions meant to empower African-Americans and address inequalities in how the races were educated . She experienced personal discrimination , writing in her memoir about being rejected from New York 's Barnard College because she was black . "  Although I had been accepted , they could not admit me , " she wrote in "  Open Wide the Freedom Gates . " "  It took me a while to realize that their decision was a racial matter : Barnard had a quota of two Negro students per year , and two others had already taken the spots . " At its 1980 commencement ceremonies , Barnard College awarded Height its highest honor , the Barnard Medal of Distinction .	Memorial service held for civil rights icon Dorothy Height , who died last week at 98 Obama , Biden , Clinton among the mourners at packed National Cathedral Obama calls Height 's life an "  unambiguous record of righteous work "
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain conceded the presidential race before a crowd of supporters in Phoenix on Tuesday . He also congratulated Sen. Barack Obama . Here is a transcript : Sen. John McCain concedes defeat in the presidential election to Barack Obama . McCain : Thank you . Thank you , my friends . Thank you for coming here on this beautiful Arizona evening . My friends , we have -- we have come to the end of a long journey . The American people have spoken , and they have spoken clearly . A little while ago , I had the honor of calling Sen. Barack Obama to congratulate him . Watch McCain 's speech " To congratulate him on being elected the next president of the country that we both love . In a contest as long and difficult as this campaign has been , his success alone commands my respect for his ability and perseverance . But that he managed to do so by inspiring the hopes of so many millions of Americans who had once wrongly believed that they had little at stake or little influence in the election of an American president is something I deeply admire and commend him for achieving . This is an historic election , and I recognize the special significance it has for African-Americans and for the special pride that must be theirs tonight . I 've always believed that America offers opportunities to all who have the industry and will to seize it . Sen. Obama believes that , too . But we both recognize that , though we have come a long way from the old injustices that once stained our nation 's reputation and denied some Americans the full blessings of American citizenship , the memory of them still had the power to wound . A century ago , President Theodore Roosevelt 's invitation of Booker T. Washington to dine at the White House was taken as an outrage in many quarters . America today is a world away from the cruel and frightful bigotry of that time . There is no better evidence of this than the election of an African-American to the presidency of the United States . Let there be no reason now for any American to fail to cherish their citizenship in this , the greatest nation on Earth . Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing for himself and for his country . I applaud him for it , and offer him my sincere sympathy that his beloved grandmother did not live to see this day . Though our faith assures us she is at rest in the presence of her creator and so very proud of the good man she helped raise . Sen. Obama and I have had and argued our differences , and he has prevailed . No doubt many of those differences remain . These are difficult times for our country . And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face . I urge all Americans who supported me to join me in not just congratulating him , but offering our next president our good will and earnest effort to find ways to come together to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences and help restore our prosperity , defend our security in a dangerous world , and leave our children and grandchildren a stronger , better country than we inherited . Whatever our differences , we are fellow Americans . And please believe me when I say no association has ever meant more to me than that . It is natural . It 's natural , tonight , to feel some disappointment . But tomorrow , we must move beyond it and work together to get our country moving again . We fought -- we fought as hard as we could . And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours . I am so deeply grateful to all of you for the great honor of your support and for all you have done for me . I wish the outcome had been different , my friends . The road was a difficult one from the outset , but your support and friendship never wavered . I can not adequately express how deeply indebted I am to you . I 'm especially grateful to my wife , Cindy , my children , my dear mother and all my family , and to the many old and dear friends who have stood by my side through the many ups and downs of this long campaign . I have always been a fortunate man , and never more so for the love and encouragement you have given me . You know , campaigns are often harder on a candidate 's family than on the candidate , and that 's been true in this campaign . All I can offer in compensation is my love and gratitude and the promise of more peaceful years ahead . I am also -- I am also , of course , very thankful to Gov. Sarah Palin , one of the best campaigners I 've ever seen , and an impressive new voice in our party for reform and the principles that have always been our greatest strength , her husband Todd and their five beautiful children for their tireless dedication to our cause , and the courage and grace they showed in the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign . We can all look forward with great interest to her future service to Alaska , the Republican Party and our country . To all my campaign comrades , from Rick Davis and Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter , to every last volunteer who fought so hard and valiantly , month after month , in what at times seemed to be the most challenged campaign in modern times , thank you so much . A lost election will never mean more to me than the privilege of your faith and friendship . I do n't know -- I do n't know what more we could have done to try to win this election . I 'll leave that to others to determine . Every candidate makes mistakes , and I 'm sure I made my share of them . But I wo n't spend a moment of the future regretting what might have been . This campaign was and will remain the great honor of my life , and my heart is filled with nothing but gratitude for the experience and to the American people for giving me a fair hearing before deciding that Sen. Obama and my old friend Sen. Joe Biden should have the honor of leading us for the next four years . I would not -- I would not be an American worthy of the name should I regret a fate that has allowed me the extraordinary privilege of serving this country for a half a century . Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much . And tonight , I remain her servant . That is blessing enough for anyone , and I thank the people of Arizona for it . Tonight -- tonight , more than any night , I hold in my heart nothing but love for this country and for all its citizens , whether they supported me or Sen. Obama -- whether they supported me or Sen. Obama . I wish Godspeed to the man who was my former opponent and will be my president . And I call on all Americans , as I have often in this campaign , to not despair of our present difficulties , but to believe , always , in the promise and greatness of America , because nothing is inevitable here . Americans never quit . We never surrender . We never hide from history . We make history . Thank you , and God bless you , and God bless America . Thank you all very much .	McCain : Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing McCain : I urge all Americans who supported me ... to bridge our differences McCain : We must work together to get our country moving again
CNN  -- Parliamentary processes in state legislatures do n't offer too many moments of genuine excitement , but on Tuesday night we saw one in Texas , as state Sen. Wendy Davis mounted a successful old-school , Mr. Smith Goes to Washington-style filibuster to stop a bill dramatically restricting women 's access to abortion in our second-largest state . It featured accusations and recriminations , aching feet in pink tennis shoes , shenanigans over the time stamp on the bill , and an angry crowd . This rare episode offers us an important illustration of where politics is in America today , and where it will be for some time to come . To simplify things a bit : The Republican party is in retreat , yet more aggressive than ever . The culture war will never die . And for all Americans ' supposed disgust with party polarization , the people we elect are doing pretty much what the voters ask them to . When Republicans won sweeping victories at the state level in the 2010 elections , they decided that they should use every ounce of power they had to remake the states they control . Those Northeasterners might be passing marriage equality and expanding health insurance , but in the red states it was a different story . They rolled out bills to cut taxes for the wealthy and increase them for the poor , to make it harder for people to vote , and to reject the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act  which meant keeping their poor populations without health insurance , even though the federal government would pick up the tab  . Perry renews Texas abortion battle with special session They also went after abortion rights with particular zeal . No fewer than 92 state laws restricting abortion were passed in 2011 , the year after the Republican victories ; last year another 43 such laws were added to the books . Nationally , the GOP is in the doldrums , disliked by young people and growing minority groups , and with an increasingly unpopular agenda . But where they have power , they 're making the most of it . The depressing truth is that despite Wendy Davis ' heroic feat of vertical endurance  the strange rules of Texas filibusters forbid one from even leaning on something , let alone sitting down or taking a bathroom break  , when the Texas legislature comes back for its next session , Republicans are likely to pass this bill or something like it again . Perhaps they 'll be given pause by all the attention garnered by this controversy over the last couple of days . But probably not , because the legislators are true believers . They 're not waging war on women 's rights because they think it will get them a few extra votes , they 're doing it because it 's what they believe . When the House of Representatives in Washington passes a ban on abortions after 20 weeks , it 's nothing more than an impotent legislative outburst . Just like the 37 times the House has voted to repeal Obamacare , it knew its bill would never pass the Senate or get the president 's signature . Representatives did it to make themselves feel better , maybe blow off some steam . But at the state level , Republicans have real power , which means women and minorities and the poor suffer . Just this week , the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act , giving states in the South freedom to enact new restrictions that could enhance the power white voters have at the ballot box . But the court also struck down the Defense of Marriage Act and effectively killed California 's Proposition 8 , making gay people 's lives a little easier , particularly where they 're now allowed to marry . The result will likely be that red states will get redder and blue states bluer . Some people mocked Barack Obama for arguing in 2008 that he could bring Republicans and Democrats together to transcend party divisions . What most forget is that George W. Bush made exactly the same promise in 2000  "  I do n't have enemies to fight , " he said in his convention speech . "  And I have no stake in the bitter arguments of the last few years . I want to change the tone of Washington to one of civility and respect . "  . Bill Clinton said the same thing in 1992 . None of them succeeded , and it does n't seem like that unity is in the offing any time soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Sen. Wendy Davis ' filibuster over abortion bill a rare look into state of politics He says nationally GOP may be weak , but in states , where abortion vulnerable , it controls He says depressing truth is despite Davis ' feat , GOP likely to pass an abortion bill later Waldman : At state level , GOP has real power , meaning women , minorities , poor suffer
CNN  -- A raging wildfire near the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico has prompted the evacuation of more than 10,000 residents in the town as firefighters battle hot temperatures and high winds , authorities said Monday . An estimated 8,000 people were expected to evacuate Monday , according to Kelly Stewart , a spokeswoman for Los Alamos County . Around 3,000 people left their homes after officials issued a voluntary order Sunday night , she said . The Las Conchas fire , which flared up over the weekend , was reported to be approximately a mile from the lab 's southwestern boundary Monday afternoon , according to a statement on InciWeb , an online interagency database that tracks fires , floods and other disasters . The fire , which has spread across nearly 44,000 acres , is burning to the north and northeast . It is 0 % contained . Additionally , a one-acre spot fire was reported on the lab 's property , at its southern boundary , according to Kevin Roark , a spokesman for the facility . "  We are maintaining a very watchful eye on these fires ... Our facilities are not threatened at this point , " he said . "  It 's an unhappy thing , but we are confident in our ability to handle this threat . " Los Alamos , a center of American nuclear science , is one of the nation 's top national-security research facilities . The fire near the lab has raised concerns about whether hazardous materials kept there are being adequately guarded . Authorities say there are . "  They have anticipated the problem of fire and they 've taken precautions , " Sen. Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico told CNN Monday . "  The structures that are central to the operation of the laboratory are well protected . " The lab is about 35 miles northwest of Santa Fe , New Mexico , on 36 square miles of property owned by the Department of Energy . More than 11,000 employees work at the facility . It was closed Monday to nonessential employees and will remain closed on Tuesday because of the risks presented by the fire . The lab is a joint project of Bechtel National , the University of California , The Babcock & Wilcox Company , and the Washington Division of URS , and is operated for the Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration . CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report	NEW : More than 10,000 people are affected by the evacuation order Central structures at the facility are well protected , officials say Authorities order a mandatory evacuation for the town of Los Alamos The Los Alamos National Laboratory will remain closed on Tuesday
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Cash-strapped Zimbabwe revealed plans Saturday to circulate $ 200 million notes , just days after introducing a $ 100 million bill , Finance Minister Samuel Mumbengegwi said . Zimbabwe central bank governor Gideon Gono shows a new $ 50 million note Thursday . After the $ 100 million note began circulating on Thursday , the price of a loaf of bread soared from 2 million to 35 million Zimbabwean dollars . Amid allegations of illegal foreign currency trading , the government also fired top executives at four major banks Thursday , according to The Herald , a state-owned newspaper . Many anxious residents of the nation 's capital , Harare , have been sleeping outside banks , waiting for them to open so they can make withdrawals before the institutions run out of cash . Watch how Zimbabwe 's children are suffering " The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe had capped maximum daily withdrawals at 500,000 Zimbabwean dollars : about 25 U.S. cents , or about a quarter of Thursday 's price of a loaf of bread . Last week , restrictions on cash withdrawals -- due to severe money shortages -- triggered riots . Sixteen soldiers now face possible court-martial due to alleged looting and assaults on civilians and police during the unrest , police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena told The Herald on Saturday . "  We are still investigating the case , " he said . "  But we expect the soldiers to appear before a court-martial once investigations are completed . " After spending several days waiting in bank lines , soldiers rampaged through downtown Harare , destroying shops and attacking riot police sent to disperse the protesters . Cash shortages are not the only crisis plaguing Zimbabwe . The United Nations has said that more than half of Zimbabwe 's population is in dire need of food and clean water . Watch how a cholera epidemic is affecting Zimbabweans " Acute shortages of essentials such as fuel , electricity , medicines and food are key indicators of a failed economy , according to economic observers . "  The -LSB- Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe -RSB- is failing to deliver the demands of market , prices are doubling daily , and that demands more cash , " Zimbabwean economist John Robertson said . "  The huge price increases are resulting from severe shortages of most goods . " The once-prosperous African nation is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since attaining independence from Great Britain in 1980 . Zimbabwe 's official rate of inflation is 231 million percent , the world 's highest . Critics of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe link hyperinflation to his policies on land distribution and unbudgeted payments to war veterans . Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election . Its political troubles have aggravated its humanitarian and economic crisis , including a cholera outbreak that has killed close to 600 people since August . A CNN journalist in Harare contributed to this report .	Price of a loaf of bread jumps to 35 million Zimbabwean dollars Government accuses bank executives of illegal currency trading Zimbabwe also faces widespread cholera outbreak ; food , power shortages President Robert Mugabe 's policies blamed for economic collapse
CNN  -- "  I do not use crack cocaine , nor am I an addict of crack cocaine . " Those words are n't what might normally be expected from the mayor of Canada 's largest city . But little is normal nowadays for Rob Ford . Eight days ago , Gawker and the Toronto Star published stories stating their reporters had seen a cell-phone video showing Ford , as the Star described it , "  inhaling from what appears to be a glass crack pipe . " Later in the video as described by the Star , an "  incoherent " man both the Star and Gawker claimed to be Ford ranted on a number of subjects , from Liberal leader Justin Trudeau to the high school football team he coached . Except for a brief comment the next day deriding the stories as "  ridiculous , " the characteristically voluble Toronto mayor has been quiet -- at the advice of his lawyer , he said then , who advised him "  not to say a word . " Until Friday , when he made a statement . In his statement , Ford alluded to the end of his time as a coach for the Don Bosco Eagles high school team , as well as the departure of his mayoral chief of staff Mark Towhey . He did n't elaborate on either relationship . Nor did he admit to any wrongdoing -- saying there was no real proof that he did anything wrong . "  I can not comment on a video that I have never seen or does not exist , " Ford said , referring to the 90 seconds of footage that two Star reporters and one Gawker journalist claimed to have seen but that has n't been aired on TV or posted online . "  It is most unfortunate , very unfortunate , that my colleagues and the great people of this city have been exposed to the fact that I have been judged by the media without any evidence , " the mayor said . Amid the media firestorm , Ford insisted that he 's still hard at work for the people of Toronto , as a conservative leader focused on making the city government more efficient and effective . "  We 're continuing to fight for the taxpayers every day and it 's business as usual at City Hall , " he said . His demeanor Friday was markedly different from the man Star reporters described in the video , which the newspaper claimed was shot last winter . In it , the Star journalists wrote that "  an off-camera speaker ... goads the clearly impaired mayor , " who at one point seems to mutter , "  Everyone expects me to be right-wing . " The newspaper said that the mayor appears to refer to the players on his Don Bosco football team as "  just f -- ing minorities . " The video ends , according to the Star , when the cell phone starts to ring . "  That phone better not be on , " the mayor says , according to the newspaper . Doug Ford , a city councilor , stood behind his brother on Friday -- and lashed out at the news reports . Echoing the mayor , Doug Ford questioned the Star for its "  accusation of a video that does not exist or we have n't seen . " The city councilor had especially harsh words for Gawker , accusing it of dealing "  with a bunch of extortionists " and unfairly tarnishing Somalis who live in Toronto by claiming Somali drug dealers were behind the video . "  I think it 's disgusting , " Doug Ford said .	NEW : Toronto 's deputy mayor blasts the news reports , calling one of them "  disgusting " Toronto 's mayor speaks at length for first time since being accused of smoking crack Gawker , the Toronto Star reporters say they saw video showing Rob Ford doing drugs Ford denies using crack cocaine ; says he has n't seen the video , does n't know it exists
CNN  -- With his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair , Chester Arthur Stiles made his initial court appearance in Las Vegas , Nevada , on Wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl . Chester Stiles appears Wednesday in a Las Vegas , Nevada , courtroom . Stiles , 37 , was taken into custody Monday night after a Henderson , Nevada , police officer pulled over the white Buick Century he was driving . Prosecutors added a couple more charges before Wednesday 's hearing , bringing the total to 23 felony counts , including a charge of lewdness with a minor , sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography , according to a statement issued by the Clark County , Nevada , court . One of the lewdness charges stems from a 2004 incident , while the others are related to the videotape , the court said . Judge Deborah Lippis set November 19 as the date for the preliminary hearing . After the hearing , Stiles ' court-appointed attorney said his client was overwhelmed by the public opinion in the case . "  I think he 's a little out of it , " public defender Jeff Banks said . Jerry T. Donohue , the attorney for the girl 's mother , told CNN that the child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred . The girl , who is now 7 , was found last month after a nationwide search . The girl 's mother said on "  The Dr. Phil Show " Wednesday that she was "  relieved " about Stiles ' arrest , although it would have been "  better if they found him dead . " The woman said she will testify against Stiles if the case goes to court . She told Phil McGraw that her daughter remembers nothing about the videotaped assault and that she recently had a conversation with the girl about inappropriate touching . She said her daughter told her that if someone touched her inappropriately , the girl would scream and tell her mother . But , she told McGraw , "  I do n't trust anybody now . " Although she is in a relationship with a man her daughter calls "  Dad , " she said , "  I do n't feel comfortable leaving her with him , nor with anybody else . ... I just cry and blame it on myself . " Eight-and-a-half months pregnant , she said the incident has placed a lot of strain on her . Asked if she would rather not have known about the assault , she said , "  Yes , I could have lived without knowing it . " A former girlfriend of Stiles ' said that , before the arrest , she lived in fear after going to police to identify the suspect after seeing enhanced photos from the videotape on the local news . "  I 've had my share of nightmares , " Elaine Thomas told CNN 's Nancy Grace . Thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a "  weapons enthusiast " with only a minor criminal record . Watch Thomas say how she felt when she saw the photos " "  How could I not tell them who that man was ? That little girl suffered unimaginable things , and I knew for a fact it was him , " Thomas said . Another former girlfriend of Stiles ' , Tina Allen , said this month she thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl and is "  mortified " by the allegations against him . "  He said he 'd been in the Navy and , you know , I was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what I thought they needed to be , " Allen said . Allen said she took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived . Also living in the apartment were a family friend and her daughter , the alleged assault victim . Todd Allen , Tina Allen 's son , said he recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Payne and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Accused pedophile Chester Arthur Stiles gets additional charges NEW : "  I think he 's a little out of it , " his attorney says Suspect 's ex-girlfriend : "  I 've had my share of nightmares " Stiles , 37 , arrested following a routine traffic stop
CNN  -- A history of childhood abuse and use of a provocative online identity increase the risk that girls will be victimized by someone they meet on the Internet , according to a study appearing in the June issue of Pediatrics . A study in Pediatrics sought to identify which risk factors are linked to Internet-initiated victimization of girls . While highlighting the dangers that exist for adolescent girls , the study 's authors also offer a word to parents : You can lessen the risks to your children by monitoring their Internet use . The authors sought to identify risk factors connected to increased rates of Internet-initiated victimization of girls . They also wanted to find out whether abuse victims showed increased vulnerability to online victimization . They found that girls are more likely to experience online sexual advances or have offline encounters if they have previously been abused or have a provocative avatar , which is a digital image meant to represent the user online . Those two factors pose a greater risk to adolescents than perhaps more traditionally considered risks , such as Internet naivete and sexual innocence , the study says . The authors say many Internet-initiated sex crimes originate on social networking sites , which require users to create online identities . Some sites , such as Second Life , require users to create a character to represent them in the virtual world . The program presents users with hundreds of possibilities spanning all shapes and sizes ; users can choose anything from a fully dressed persona to a scantily clad one . They also can select features such as hair color and figure . Other sites , such as MySpace and Facebook , allow self-descriptions and photographs . But even there , users can choose what to post , and those identities can shape behavior and interaction online , the study says . "  The extent to which provocative self-presentations ... translate into increased online advances or offline encounters is unknown , but it is plausible that these types of presentations constitute an initial invitation for exploitation and a familiar avenue by which sexual advances are initiated , " the study says . The study 's lead author was Jennie G. Noll of the Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center in Ohio . The report appears in Pediatrics , the journal of the American Academy of Pediatrics . Noll and her co-authors cite the Proteus effect , or the idea that the presentation of oneself can affect the behavior of the presenter and the receiver . "  Self-presentations can change the way Internet users interact in a manner that increases the risk for online sexual advances , " they say . The study looked at 104 abused and 69 non-abused girls ages 14 to 17 . Abused adolescents -- who had suffered neglect , physical abuse or sexual abuse -- were recruited from child protective agencies , the authors said . Of the girls studied , 54 percent were white and 46 percent were minorities , of which 82 percent were black and 18 percent were mixed-race , the authors say . The authors held a laboratory session in which they asked the girls to create avatars on a program designed to mimic a popular social networking site , which the authors did not name in the study . Girls could choose bust and hip size , clothing type , visible navel piercings and skin , eye and hair colors . Girls were given a range of choices that allowed for a more provocative or conservative avatar . Participants were also asked to rate how many times they had had online sexual advances , which were described as "  explicit sexual chatting in virtual worlds , " and how many times they had met someone in person after meeting first online . The authors say 40 percent of the girls reported experiencing sexual advances online , and 26 percent reported meeting someone offline after getting to know the person on the Internet . Abused girls were much more likely to have experienced both , the authors found . "  Results indicated that abuse status was significantly related to online sexual advances , which were , in turn , related to offline , in-person encounters , " the study says . The authors say there was no direct link between abuse and offline encounters , but that a history of abuse puts girls at greater risk . Looking at the girls ' avatar choices , the authors found that girls who present themselves provocatively in body and clothing choices are more likely to have had online sexual advances . That risk is tied not just to an avatar , but to the overall image a girl projects online , they say . On sites that do n't use avatars , such as MySpace or Facebook , simply compiling suggestive photographs or narrative descriptions can increase girls ' vulnerability , they say . "  Those adolescents who may be unaware of how their appearance might be perceived may not , from a developmental perspective , possess the social sophistication necessary to field and ward off sexual advances in ways that protect them from sexually explicit suggestions , " the study says . "  This may be a particularly important lesson to convey to female adolescents who are especially vulnerable to exploitation and victimization , such as those who have been victims of childhood abuse , " it says . One significant factor that helped decrease the risk to girls was the presence and influence of caregivers , the authors found . They urge parents to be aware of how their adolescent girls present themselves on the Internet and be aware that provocative self-presentation might have implications for sexual solicitation . "  Caregiver presence was associated with significantly fewer reports by adolescents of online solicitations , " the study says . "  As such , the importance of parental monitoring of adolescent Internet use can not be understated . "	Study in June issue of Pediatrics identifies risk factors from Internet predators Study finds childhood abuse , use of sexy images puts girls at increased risk These factors more crucial than Internet naivete or sexual innocence , study indicates Authors urge caregivers to carefully monitor how girls present themselves online
CNN  -- Justice Sonia Sotomayor may be the most recognizable member of the current Supreme Court , the closest thing to a rock star in robes . The Bronx native has carved a high-watt public identity both on and off the bench . In her five years at the nation 's highest court , she has dropped the New Year 's Even ball in Times Square , appeared on "  Sesame Street " and sworn in the vice president at the inauguration . As a new biography vividly illustrates , Sotomayor has found her voice as a justice on a range of hot-button issues : from affirmative action to human rights abuses . "  Breaking In : The Rise of Sonia Sotomayor and the Politics of Justice "  Farrar , Straus and Giroux  chronicles what it took to put the first Latina on the high court . Author Joan Biskupic offers an incisive , illuminating , behind-the-scenes account of how the 60-year-old justice 's upbringing and personality helped propel her to the heights of achievement , while also attracting an inevitable a measure of political criticism and even professional jealousy , which her supporters call unfair . Fresh voices bringing change in Washington can do that , even to someone with Sotomayor 's compelling personal story and stellar credentials . High court 's same-sex marriage surprise CNN spoke recently with Biskupic , a legal affairs editor with Reuters who has covered the Supreme Court for a quarter-century . She has previously written biographies of Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor . CNN : Why do a book on Sonia Sotomayor ? Biskupic : I was curious about the social and political shifts that affected her life and that led to her appointment . It occurred to me that she was born in 1954 , which was , of course , the year of Brown -LSB- v. Board of Education -RSB- . But it was also the year of a case called Hernandez v. Texas , which marked the very first time that the court held that the Constitution protected Hispanics from discrimination , with the same force that it protected blacks . And it seemed that at every point in her youth and early years as an aspiring lawyer , she was in sync with the development of new rights for Latinos . And then she 's on the scene in the early '90s when someone like Sen. -LSB- Daniel -RSB- Moynihan -LSB- Democrat from New York -RSB- is looking for more diverse candidates to recommend to President George H. W. Bush . And at every point , her trajectory was in sync with the trajectory and rise of Latinos . As I 'm working on this book , she suddenly provides this even more interesting story with her own memoir and the kind of figure she becomes off the bench . It became much more exciting . The very last three chapters of my book are devoted to what kind of groundbreaker she 's been while she 's on the bench and what it 's been like to watch her as she 's become this huge figure in America , as the people 's justice . CNN : She seems to have really found her voice on the bench after five years on this court . Biskupic : She early on was quite a figure for young people of color and not to rally around . They were impressed by her story of coming from the Bronx , coming from the projects , from being someone who really set her mind on achievement after having not much as a kid . So she was always out there with this inspiring story that people were learning from the moment President Obama nominated her in May 2009 . What happened on the bench , I think , is that she did find her voice . Last term was really a breakout term when she dissented in the Michigan affirmative action case and spoke not just of why it was important for minorities to be represented in the political process , but what it 's like in a day-to-day way to be slighted just because of the color of your skin . One thing I found through my talking to her and talking to others is that she still really does identify herself as being different and being the other . And she 's defensive about people who still question her qualifications for being on the bench . She talked about being scrutinized during the confirmation process and people suggesting she was n't up to the task . She said , "  Why would that be ? Is there any reason for them to question me , other than the fact that I was Hispanic ? " And she still feels that , even though she 's now been on the bench five years , that people question how she got there and whether she 's up to the task , which she 's certainly proved that she is . CNN : And yet , you portray her as something of an outsider on the court . Has she earned the respect of her colleagues ? Biskupic : She has set herself apart -- she 's set up chambers on the third floor -LSB- when most chambers are a floor below -RSB- . But Sotomayor does have more of a "  separate floor " mentality . She 's out among the people much more vigorously than any of her colleagues . She is more willing to set herself from her more liberal colleagues , in a way that Justice -LSB- Elena -RSB- Kagan has n't at all , yet . Just as Sotomayor sees herself as operating as one among nine , Justice Kagan operates trying to build coalition among those nine . Justice Sotomayor has distinguished herself with passionate statements when her fellow justices refuse to take up defendants ' appeals . But she also has been willing to separate herself from the other liberals in cases . Justice Sotomayor , in contrast , is more of a solo operator engrossed in her own determinations on a case . And perhaps less interested in getting others to adopt them . I think that she 's also been blunt . Her bluntness overall separated her from the others . She talks a lot about how she was different and I think that makes her very approachable and human to the people who come out to greet her when she gives speeches or talks about her book . As much as it makes her very approachable and human beyond the marble walls , it makes her different to the justices because they are a little bit all of the same model . As much as they differ on the law , they have a certain sameness in their personalities . CNN : Her nomination certainly jump-started the conversation about diversity in the courts and the government . Biskupic : You have that scene on the afternoon of May 26 , 2009 , after he -LSB- President Barack Obama -RSB- had announced it . He was somewhat ambivalent -- it went down to the wire with Sotomayor and at least two other candidates , and he announces she 's his choice , and suddenly , the nation is electrified . He sees it -- suddenly everyone wants to be a "  wise Latina . " He realizes that he 's played into this wonderful national moment of diversity and he tells his aide that he 's really glad he 's done what he 's done . And then just a few weeks later , we have -LSB- Republican Sen. -RSB- Lindsey Graham with a nod toward that sort of enthusiasm , saying , "  Unless you have a complete meltdown , Judge Sotomayor , you 're going to be confirmed . " He captured it . This was a nomination that really did capture the attention of people out in America of all ethnicities and races . CNN : Even though she has her own recent autobiography , Justice Sotomayor agreed to talk with you . Biskupic : She was very direct , she wanted to clarify things for me , she wanted to tell me what she was thinking and why she would refer to "  wise Latinas " and why that was important to her to speak to that audience . She is the one who is always speaking to broader audiences and easily breaks the mold . She said to me : It 's very hard for people who have n't lived my life to know what it 's like ; to have your experience looked down upon , to be viewed as inferior , to be viewed as not smart enough . You need to affirm that you have value . And here 's a woman who has made it to the pinnacle of the federal judiciary , who has beat out so many people to get there , but she feels the need to still , as she says , affirm that she has value . I found that interesting . I found her very candid . I do not underestimate her in any way . She 's very shrewd , I considered myself very lucky to get audiences with her . But I know that she really did it only to clarify things and elucidate her life and that what mattered most was that she was able to tell her own story in her own book . CNN : What does the future hold for Justice Sotomayor ? Biskupic : I would not sell her short on anything . She learned to be effective setting herself apart both as a public figure and on the bench . I believe that she will continue to be more prominent because of what she represents to the nation that believes in this American Dream for people who came up from essentially nothing , as she did in the Bronx . But I think that we 'll also see her not just out there as a public figure , but as someone who wants to be an advocate in prisoner cases and also in racially charged cases . We 'll see more of that as she becomes more comfortable , not just off the bench , but in the black robes right there on the bench .	Author speaks on "  Breaking In : The Rise of Sonia Sotomayor and the Politics of Justice " Joan Biskupic 's book is behind-the-scenes account of Sotomayor 's career Sotomayor , 60 , is the first Latina Supreme Court justice
CNN  Oregon State University 's main library just went viral , and not because of its state-of-the-art computer lab . A 19-year-old woman was cited Tuesday evening for allegedly using the university library at the campus in Corvallis , Oregon , as a backdrop to shoot an adult video last year . The woman was cited for public indecency and released , according to Steve Clark , Oregon State vice president of university relations . She is not a current student but attended the school for the 2014 fall term . The former student 's name was not released by the school , but an Oregon State Police log says that 19-year-old Kendra Jane Sunderland of Corvallis was cited for public indecency in connection with a video posted to a pornographic site along with the claim that it was shot in an Oregon State library . The log says the performer in the video engaged in a "  solo act . " The misdemeanor charge could bring up to one year in jail and a $ 6,250 fine . CNN 's attempts to reach Sunderland for comment were n't immediately successful . Clark said the university learned about the video Tuesday afternoon . Officials believe the video , which was published on the popular adult website Pornhub.com , was filmed in October on the sixth floor of OSU 's Valley Library . "  The university does not condone such behavior . This type of behavior does not represent the values of the university . And it definitely does not represent the values of the more than 30,000 students and 5,000 employees that make up Oregon State University , " said Clark . Valley Library occupies more than 340,000 square feet and is routinely patrolled by members of the Department of Public Safety and Oregon State Police troopers as well as by two security guards , who patrol the library during overnight hours .	A former student allegedly films porn in the Oregon State University library Officials cite the woman for misdemeanor indecent exposure The video has been uploaded to the popular porn site Pornhub
CNN  -- "  Justin Bieber accused of roughing up photographer . " When I read this headline , my initialÂ reaction was : Who would admit to being beaten up by Justin Bieber ? I think most of us would take that secret with us to our grave . For those unfamiliar with Bieber -- if that 's even possible -- he 's an 18-year-old international pop sensation who stands at an imposing 5 feet 7 inches and probably weighs about 135 pounds . But on Sunday , Bieber was accused of channeling his inner Alec Baldwin , lashing out at a member of the paparazzi who was trying to snap some photos of him and his famous girlfriend , Selena Gomez , as the two exited a movie theater . To me , however , the real issue is not this incident . I predict this matter will be quickly resolved , possibly with a transfer of funds to the photographer 's bank account . The issue that truly needs to addressed is this the paparazzi 's daily pursuit of celebrities as if they were contestants in "  The Hunger Games . " They stake out hotels , restaurants , schools , homes , trying to snap a photo of a celebrity or their families . The obvious reason is that the photographers sell these photos , and often for big bucks . But why should these photographers be allowed to profit off the images of celebrities without the celebrities ' consent ? If a corporation wants to use an image of celebrities in an advertising campaign , they must first obtain their approval and typically pay them a fee . This is because our copyright laws provide that if you take a photo , you own the copyright to that picture . Consequently , members of the paparazzi who snap a photo , even over the objections of the person , are awarded the full bundle of rights afforded by the federal copyright laws , including the right to sell the photo for a profit . This is simply wrong . Our nation 's copyright laws were enacted to protect original works . One of the goals of the law is to foster creativity , so people will invest the skill and effort needed to create works to which they will own exclusive rights , such as books , paintings , music and movies . No one can argue that people who snap a photo of George Clooney as he exits a Pinkberry eating strawberry frozen yogurt or , worse , hang around outside grammar schools taking photos of someone 's children deserve the same legal protection as those who create a movie , music or other work of art . Our laws should be revised so that the copyright owner would no longer be the photographer who took the photo . Instead , the owner should be the person whose appearance in the photo makes it valuable : the celebrity . Let 's be honest , media outlets are n't buying these photos from the paparazzi because of the photographer 's great talent for lighting . It 's because the photo contains an image of a celebrity . Why should n't the person giving the image its value own the rights to it ? Indeed , our legal system has long recognized that we all have a "  right of publicity , " which means that we each have the right to control the use of our name , image and likeness . And obviously , this is a bigger issue for well-known people because their images yield a monetary value . To me , the unauthorized taking of person 's photo and selling it for profit is akin to stealing a valuable asset from that person . This statutory revision would remove the financial incentive for the paparazzi to stalk celebrities , because the photos could not be sold or distributed to any third party without the celebrities ' consent , with exceptions for occasions that are newsworthy , such as a court appearance or arrest . But walking down the street , going to the gym or taking your children to school should be off-limits . The definition of "  celebrity " and what constitutes a legitimate photograph would be defined by statute and the court decisions interpreting the law . Although this would create a different legal standard for celebrities versus private citizens , our legal system makes a similar distinction in defamation cases , holding public figures to a higher standard of proof than the average person . I know some people have zero sympathy for stars . True , they have chosen this life , and there are certain consequences that accompany fame . And some have achieved fame with the least talent possible : I 'm looking at you , cast of "  The Jersey Shore . " But why should a talented singer , musician or actor be sentenced to a life with no privacy simply because of their success ? Should n't we all have the right to a quiet meal with our family or the chance to walk our children to school without having cameras jammed into our kids ' faces ? This does n't put the paparazzi out of business . There will still be plenty of work taking photos of famous people who consent . Celebrities still need to be in the media and so do their projects . It will mean only that in normal day-to-day situations , celebrities will be able to retain a shred of privacy and no longer have to worry about paparazzi chasing them as they go food shopping or trying to enjoy "  date night , " as in the case of the "  mighty " Justin Bieber . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Justin Bieber allegedly lashed out at a photographer trying to get pics of him and girlfriend Dean Obeidallah says the issue is whether paparazzi should stalk celebs and their families He asks : Why should paparazzi profit off images of celebrities without their consent ? Law should provide that celebs must give consent , with exceptions for news , he writes
CNN  -- "  Who controls the past controls the future . " President Reagan 's former aides say Obama 's budget repudiates Reaganomics . It 's a line from George Orwell 's novel "  1984 . " But it could also serve as the rallying cry for two groups battling over President Obama 's ambitious domestic agenda -- and the legacy of two former presidents . Critics of Obama 's proposed $ 3.5 trillion federal budget say he 's poised to jeopardize the economic gains unleashed by President Reagan . They say he will make the same mistakes that President Lyndon B. Johnson did when he committed massive amounts of federal money to create a slew of anti-poverty programs dubbed "  The Great Society . " "  The Great Society created a lot of programs and wasted a lot of money , " said Kenneth Khachigian , a former Reagan speechwriter and adviser . "  The biggest war on poverty was the economic boom started by Reagan . " But others like Joseph Califano Jr. , Johnson 's senior domestic adviser , say the notion that the Great Society was a failure is one of the "  greatest political scams " in American history . Republican leaders who have labeled Obama 's budget proposals socialist are rehashing the rhetoric their predecessors used to attack Great Society programs like Head Start 40 years ago , Califano says . "  I 'm hearing the same round of arguments , " Califano said . "  The Republicans said that if you provide Head Start and preschool education to poor kids , it would ` Sovietize ' our kids and be communistic . " ` Failure ' of the Great Society The clash between both points of view centers on Obama 's plan for reviving the nation 's economy . The Senate and the House of Representatives passed similar versions of Obama 's $ 3.5 trillion budget for 2010 last week . The budget did n't receive a single Republican vote in either chamber . Both chambers will meet after Easter recess to produce a final budget . Even before last week 's vote , though , Obama 's budget was creating a partisan wedge . Proponents said it would use trillions of dollars to transform education , spark a green industrial revolution and provide health care to all Americans . CNN political analyst David Gergen said Obama 's budget "  set forth the most ambitious reform agenda of any president since Lyndon Johnson . " Gergen 's comment could be taken as a compliment or a reprimand , depending on one 's historical point of view . Craig Shirley , author of "  Reagan 's Revolution : The Untold Story of the Campaign That Started It All , " took it as a warning . His model for reviving the nation is Reagan , who moved "  power from the government to the people " by cutting taxes and making government less intrusive . Shirley , alluding to an alleged Reagan quip that "  Johnson declared war on poverty and poverty won , " says out-of-wedlock births , illiteracy and bloated federal programs increased during the Great Society . He says Medicare and Medicaid , two vaunted Great Society programs that provide health care to the poor and elderly , are now virtually bankrupt . "  All evidence says that the Great Society was a failure , " Shirley said . Khachigian , Reagan 's speechwriter , says Obama 's budget would also create tension between people who fought their way up the economic ladder and those who did not . Under Obama , the well-off would be "  brought back down through higher taxes and subsidizing benefits for people who have not worked as hard . " Obama 's budget is influenced by the president 's previous job as a community organizer , Khachigian says . "  You ca n't have been a community organizer and not have in your mindset that agencies of the government exist to , as Obama said , to ` spread the wealth , ' " Khachigian said . If Obama wants to look at an economic blueprint for lifting the nation out of a nasty recession , he should look at Reagan , Khachigian says . Reagan 's tax cuts helped end the deep recession he inherited when he came into office , he said . The economy took off , and everyone benefited . "  I would argue that the biggest war on poverty took place when the economy started booming in 1983 , " Khachigian said . The ` myth ' of Reagan 's tax cuts Other analysts had a different take on the legacy of the Reagan Revolution and what it can teach Obama . Will Bunch , author of "  Tear Down This Myth : How the Reagan Legacy Has Distorted Our Politics and Haunts Our Future , " says Reaganomics is built on a fable . Reagan did n't prove that tax cuts and small government lead to economic growth , because he never consistently did both , he says . Bunch says Reagan did cut taxes in 1981 but raised them in succeeding years . He also expanded the federal government and created a huge national debt . "  His initial 1981 tax cuts went so far that he was actually forced to increase taxes a half-dozen times in the years that followed , something you never hear about , " Bunch said . Obama would do better to follow the example of Johnson , not Reagan , says Califano , Johnson 's senior domestic adviser . He says Johnson 's Great Society was designed to give the most vulnerable Americans -- the poor , the elderly , the disabled and racial minorities -- the same opportunities as the affluent . "  The Great Society saw government as providing a hand up , not a handout , " said Califano , who wrote about his time with the president in "  The Triumph and Tragedy of Lyndon Johnson . " He says the Great Society proved that government was n't incompetent . Johnson persuaded Congress to pass at least 100 Great Society proposals . Programs awarded college students financial aid , gave struggling families food stamps and gave millions of Americans access to health insurance for the first time . It also reduced poverty , Califano says . About 22 percent of Americans lived below the poverty line when Johnson took office in 1963 . By 1970 , when the impact of Great Society programs was being felt , the poverty rate dropped to 12.6 percent , Califano says .  The poverty rate in 2007 was 12.5 percent , the U.S. Census Bureau reported . Califano , who calls Obama 's budget a logical extension of the Great Society , says Obama personally benefited from the Great Society "  crown jewel " : the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , which ensured African American participation at the polls . "  My God , Obama would n't be president if Lyndon Johnson had n't passed that civil rights law , " Califano said . "  He would not have gotten the votes to get elected . " Robert Weisbrot , co-author of "  The Liberal Hour : Washington and the Politics of Change in the 1960s , " says the Great Society also helped lay the foundation for the modern environmental movement with its passage of clean air and water laws . Read why Weisbrot says Obama ca n't create another Great Society "  We can find much to celebrate in those years in the 1960s when we see a burst of reform when the government is ready to face problems openly and decisively , " Weisbrot said . There may be , however , one point of agreement for supporters and critics of Obama 's domestic agenda . It was expressed by Khachigian , Reagan 's former speechwriter . When asked whether he was miffed that some people were now comparing Obama to Reagan , he said his opposition to Obama 's budget was based on something deeper : fear . He says the nation could become a Failed Society if Obama 's approach does n't end a brutal recession . "  It 's not a matter of pride but of practicality , " he said . "  If this does n't work , we 're all in deep doo-doo . "	Clash over Obama 's budget centers on America 's future , and past Reagan aides say Obama forgets lessons of Reaganomics Author says Reagan raised taxes and increased size of government LBJ 's senior aide says Johnson 's Great Society was a success
CNN  -- New York City plans to move the remains of unidentified victims in the 2001 terror attack to a new resting place within the 9/11 Memorial Museum , officials tell CNN . The roughly 8,000 remains , which are in the custody of the Office of Chief Medical Examiner , will be moved to the museum this year , spokeswoman Julie Bolcer said . "  We are making plans , but we are going to notify the families before we make any further announcement , " she said . The remains will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , according to 9/11 museum spokesman Michael Frazier . The museum 's website says the wall , which visitors will be able to view , is to be inscribed with the following from the Roman poet Virgil : "  No day shall erase you from the memory of time . " Only medical examiners and families of victims will be given access to the repository , according to the spokesperson for both the museum and the medical examiner 's office . The decision to house remains in the museum repository has been controversial . In 2011 , 17 families of 9/11 victims filed a petition in court to force the museum to consult with the victims ' families before deciding what to do with the remains . They eventually asked for a congressional hearing . Both efforts were unsuccessful . On its website , the museum said the decision to move the remains to the repository at the museum was because of overwhelming feedback received from families after the attacks . The 9/11 Memorial Museum is scheduled to open this spring as part of the part of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center site . DNA identifications of the unidentified remains will continue in the new repository , according to the museum . In New York , 2,753 people were killed when hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 were intentionally crashed into the north and south towers of the World Trade Center . A total of 2,977 people were killed in New York , Washington and outside of Shanksville , Pennsylvania . Family group criticizes 9/11 Memorial Museum fee Teen sneaks to top of 1 World Trade Center CNN 's Adrienne Zulueta contributed to this report .	The remains will be moved this year to a new resting place with 9/11 Memorial Museum They will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , officials tell CNN The decision to house remains in the museum repository has been controversial
London  CNN  -- A hearing into whether a Muslim cleric who has been described as "  more radical than Osama bin Laden " can avoid deportation from Britain to stand trial in Jordan began Wednesday in London . Britain has been trying to deport Abu Qatada for years , but his legal appeals have kept him in the United Kingdom . He is accused of funding terrorist groups and is said to have inspired one of the 9/11 hijackers . Profile : Abu Qatada : the preacher at the eye of the storm In January , the European Court of Human Rights blocked Britain from sending him to Jordan because of fears that evidence obtained by torture could be used against him at the trial planned by the Middle Eastern country . Britain then launched a round of negotiations with Jordan in order to deal with the court 's concerns and arrested Abu Qatada again on April 17 . The following month , the European Court rejected an appeal by his lawyers to avoid deportation . The decision set the stage for the latest hearing in front of the Special Immigration Appeals Commission , which will hear three witnesses in person . The hearing is expected to last several days . The high court judge who manages the commission is likely to give his ruling a few weeks after the appeal concludes , a court official said . A significant portion of the hearing will be closed to the media and sometimes also to Abu Qatada 's defense team , because matters of national security are to be discussed . Who is Abu Qatada ? Also known as Omar Othman , Abu Qatada is a militant Palestinian preacher who has been held in high-security British jails for more than six years . Read more : UK wins round in Qatada deportation battle Videos of his preaching were found in a German apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks on the United States , including ringleader Mohammed Atta . Counter-terrorism sources said Abu Qatada was a big influence on Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the Jordanian who would emerge as al Qaeda 's leader in Iraq . What is he accused of ? The British government says Abu Qatada raised money for terrorist groups , including organizations linked to former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and has publicly supported the violent activities of those groups . Abu Qatada has denied the allegations against him . Why is he wanted in Jordan ? In 2000 , Jordan convicted him in absentia for a plot to bomb tourists in the country to celebrate the new millennium . He was also convicted for his role in two terrorist attacks in the country in 1998 . Read more : Al Qaeda says it 'll free captive if UK releases Abu Qatada Jordan has said it will quash that conviction and retry him . Why is he fighting deportation ? Abu Qatada has said deportation would put him at risk of torture and lengthy pretrial detention . Lawyers presenting his appeal question whether the evidence against him in the two cases he faces in Jordan is sound , or whether it has come from someone who was tortured and is therefore tainted . They also question whether Abu Qatada can expect a fair trial in Jordan . When did he arrive in the United Kingdom ? Using a forged United Arab Emirates passport , Abu Qatada arrived in the United Kingdom in 1993 and sought asylum for himself , his wife and their three children , according to court documents . He said Jordanian authorities had tortured him . The British government recognized him as a refugee and allowed him to stay in the country until 1998 . Abu Qatada applied to stay indefinitely , but while his application was pending , a Jordanian court convicted him in absentia of the terrorism charges . What does he preach ? As a preacher in London mosques , Abu Qatada gained a militant following . In 1999 , he allegedly sought to justify the killing of Jews , including children , and attacking Americans . In 2001 , three days after the 9/11 attacks in the United States , Abu Qatada preached that the attacks were part of a global struggle between Christianity and Islam , and were a response to America 's unjust policies . In another sermon , he sought to justify the killing by a Muslim of a "  nonbeliever " for the sake of Islam . Writing in The New Yorker in 2006 , Lawrence Wright quotes a Saudi journalist who had met Abu Qatada in the early 1990s . Jamal Khashoggi said "  Abu Qatada had struck him as far more radical than Osama bin Laden ... influenced by Salafism , the puritanical , fundamentalist strain of Islam . " Has he been convicted of a crime in Britain ? He was first detained in the United Kingdom in 2002 under sweeping anti-terror legislation enacted after 9/11 -- along with dozens of other Islamist militants . He was released briefly in 2005 after the repeal of the law . Later that year , British authorities ordered his renewed detention under the Prevention of Terrorism Act . No evidence has been produced in a British court to suggest he was involved with specific al Qaeda conspiracies . As one popular tweet puts it : "  Abu Qatada has not even been convicted of a parking offense in Britain . " Why not ? Two reasons . Authorities say they are unwilling to produce evidence in open court that might prove some operational or direct link to terrorism for fear of compromising intelligence sources . Second , it is notoriously difficult to prove a crime has been committed by the use of words that influence others ' actions . Who is the other cleric recently extradited from Britain ? Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , just extradited from Britain to the United States , pleaded not guilty Tuesday to 11 counts of terrorism . His hearing in a U.S. court came after he lost a lengthy legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States from London . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " The charges against al-Masri include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen , and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . If convicted , al-Masri could be sentenced to life in prison . CNN 's Jonathan Wald , Tim Lister , Richard Roth and Olivia Smith contributed to this report .	Abu Qatada was convicted in absentia of terror-related charges in Jordan British official says Jordan will quash that conviction and retry him Abu Qatada is also accused of funding terrorist groups and inspiring a 9/11 hijacker He has said deportation would put him at risk of torture and lengthy pretrial detention
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The detained captain of a Chinese trawler was released by Japan and returned to his home country , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Zhan Qixiong , who had been held by Japanese authorities since September 8 , arrived safely early Saturday morning in Fuzhou , the capital of southeast China 's Fujian Province , according to Xinhua . The captain left Japan with officials from China 's Foreign and Agriculture ministries . "  We decided to suspend the charges in consideration of the Japan-China relationship , " said the Japanese prosecutor in the case . In China , the captain 's wife , Chen Tingting , said she was thrilled . "  We are so happy , we are just really very happy to hear the news , " she said . His home is Jinjiang city , in Fujian . The captain was arrested off the disputed Diaoyu Islands , in the East China Sea , after his vessel crashed into two Japanese patrol boats . He was accused of obstructing Japanese public officers while they performed their duties . "  The Japanese side bears full responsibility for the current situation , and it shall bear all the consequences that arise , " Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Tuesday in New York , as China escalated demands for the captain 's release . Wen was in New York for the U.N. General Assembly . Word of his release quickly followed the arrest of four Japanese nationals in China . The four are being investigated for entering a military zone without authorization and videotaping military targets , Chinese state media said . Neither country linked the captain 's case with the arrest of the four Japanese nationals , however . The four Japanese nationals were sent to China for a Japanese government project to reclaim World War II chemical weapons left by Japan 's Imperial Army , their company said Friday . A Chinese national also is missing and presumed arrested with his Japanese co-workers on Wednesday in northern Hebei Province . They work for Fujita Corp. , a mid-size Japanese construction company that Goldman Sachs Group acquired in April 2009 . Japan 's foreign ministry officials said Friday that China had informed them of the arrests , but they had no information about any charges or why the Japanese nationals had been detained . "  Currently , the case is being investigated , " is all that Chinese security authorities in Shijiazhuang said in a statement , the state-run China Daily reported . But Beijing had plenty to say about Japan detaining the Chinese fishing captain . Japan "  illegally arrested " him and his crew of 14 , China said . Beijing says the Diaoyu Islands and most of the South China Sea belong to China , disputing neighboring countries ' claims . In Japan , the islands are known as the Senkaku . The clash over territorial waters and islands -- and the natural resources that go with them -- is a flash point in the Asia-Pacific region . Japan earlier this month freed the fishing captain 's crew . China 's Foreign Ministry said that Japan had "  seriously damaged Sino-Japan bilateral relations " with the arrest of the captain and his crew . In response , China halted talks with Japan about increasing civil flights and expanding aviation rights between the two countries . Officials and nationals on both sides also canceled trips to each other 's nations . CNN 's Jo Kent contributed to this report .	NEW : The captain has arrived in China China had warned of "  consequences " if he was not freed Four Japanese nationals were arrested in China on Friday
CNN  -- Artist Lucian Freud , known for his thick application of paints in painstakingly created , highly stylized portraits , has died at the age of 88 , his publicist said Thursday . He died Wednesday night of an unspecified illness at his home in London . "  My family and I mourn Lucian Freud not only as one of the great painters of the twentieth century but also as a very dear friend , " said his longtime dealer William R. Acquavella in a written statement . "  As the foremost figurative artist of his generation he imbued both portraiture and landscape with profound insight , drama and energy . In company he was exciting , humble , warm and witty . He lived to paint and painted until the day he died , far removed from the noise of the art world . " In 2008 , one of Freud 's works -- the 1995 painting "  Benefits Supervisor Sleeping " -- fetched $ 33.6 million during bidding at Christie 's auction house in New York , setting a then-record for a work by a living artist . The painting depicts Sue Tilley , a manager of a government-run job center in London , lying naked on her side on a worn-out couch with nothing to hide her folds of flesh . The son of architect Ernst Freud and the grandson of psychoanalysis founder Sigmund Freud , Lucian was born in 1922 in Berlin . Eleven years later , as Nazism was rising , he and his family fled to London . There , he and his two brothers enrolled in English schools . He served as a merchant seaman in the Atlantic in 1941 . He studied for a brief time at the Central School of Art in London and at Cedric Morris ' East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing in Dedham , according to a biography posted by the Tate Modern in London , where he had an exhibition . But he received little formal training in art , according to a statement from his publicist , Bettina Prentice . Freud had his first solo exhibition at the Lefevre Gallery in 1944 . In his 20s , he was using delicately , thinly applied oils in his paintings of people , animals , and plants , which were shown in unusual juxtapositions . His subjects were precise , crisp and cleanly contoured . But in the mid-1950s , he replaced his sable brushes for brushes made of coarse hog hair and used looser strokes to more freely depict his subjects . It was during that decade that he concentrated on the portrait , which became the focus of his work . In 1966 , he painted his first nude . "  I paint people , " he said . "  Not because of what they are like , not exactly in spite of what they are like , but how they happen to be . " By the 1980s , Freud was applying thick layers of paint to convey a tactile sense of reality . "  I want paint to work as flesh , " he told his biographer , Lawrence Gowing , in 1982 . "  As far as I am concerned the paint is the person . I want it to work for me as flesh does . " Throughout his life , he remained committed to realism . Though he painted commissioned portraits for the likes of Lord Rothschild and the queen of England , most of his subjects were his lovers , relatives and friends -- including artists Francis Bacon and David Hockney . They were typically painted in daily sessions that lasted six hours and stretched over weeks , months or years . "  The picture , in order to move us , must never merely remind us of life , but must acquire a life of its own , precisely in order to reflect life , " Freud said in a program broadcast by the BBC . Freud 's work has been exhibited at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris , the Museum of Modern Art in New York , the Irish Museum of Modern Art in Dublin , the Museo Correr in Venice , the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York , the Tate Britain , the Scottish National Gallery of Art , the Stadtisches Kunstmuseum Spendhaus Reutlingen in Germany , the Museum für Moderne Kunst Frankfurt , Whitechapel Art Gallery in London , the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles , the Art Gallery of New South Wales in Sydney , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia in Madrid , the Fundacio La Caixa in Barcelona , the Hirschhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington , and the Setagaya Art Museum in Tokyo . His marriage to Kitty Garman in 1948 ended in divorce , as did his second marriage , to Lady Caroline Blackwood . "  He is survived by many children from his first marriage and from a series of romantic relationships , " his publicist said . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	"  I paint people ... how they happen to be , " Freud said Freud , the grandson of Sigmund , dies at his home in London "  He lived to paint , " says longtime dealer William R. Acquavella In 2008 set record for most expensive painting auctioned by a living artist
CNN  -- The Cannes Film festival , which kicked off Wednesday on the French Riviera , is an Olympics of cinema , where endurance matters as much as victory to the 30,000 industry insiders who attend each year . The festival was conceived in the late 1930s as a reaction against Italian dictator Benito Mussolini promoting fascist-Italian and national-socialist German films at the Venice Film Festival . Its first edition , planned in September 1939 , was delayed by war till 1946 but its ideals remained the same : to show films from all over the world without prejudice of any sort . But today Cannes jostles in the crowded film industry schedules with other A-list events : Toronto  and Venice  act as Fall launchpads for the following year 's awards season , while Sundance is at the vanguard of independent cinema and new talent . Meanwhile the Oscars are considered by many as the supreme accolade of the movie business . Cannes still regards itself as the grande dame of film events the world over -- but does it still matter ? The festival , which this year celebrates its 67th edition , stands firmly apart -- and , some would argue , above -- the rest of the crowd . This comes in part from its original ambition , as put by the festival 's first president , poet Jean Cocteau : "  The Cannes Film Festival is an apolitical no man 's land , a microcosm of what the world would be like if people could make direct contact with one another and speak the same language . " For Cannes is to cinema what the motto "  liberte , egalite , fraternite "  "  liberty , egality , fraternity "  is to France : an aspiration , an ideal , an inclusive forum for all talents , old and new , coming from all over the world , and motivated by one common love : films . Without prejudices . In its early years Cannes was nothing more than a social event where stars mingled on the red carpet . Everyone smiled for the camera and everyone went home happy as almost every film received some kind of an award . Then , Cannes raised its game . First came the Palme d'Or , its top award , given in 1955 and rivaling the Oscars as the most prestigious prize in the film industry . In 1972 , the festival declared its independence by setting up its own selection committee : until then , each country had chosen the films which would represent them at Cannes , as still happens with the Oscars ' best foreign film category . The selection of features became more discerning , the awards became fewer in number -- and success at the festival became ever more elusive . But if the Cannes glamor of the 1950s and 1960s lingers still , the festival 's reputation for passion and controversy has only increased . The entertainment industry is notorious for controlling its sometimes unruly talents , with PR agencies operating like war machines and publicity a matter of life and death at the box office . In contrast Cannes is a unique place for unleashing imagination and wildness . The mix of glamor and high art , frivolity and seriousness combine to make Cannes a temple to cinema like no other . For Cannes is where directors will throw tantrums and tell critics to go to hell in no uncertain terms ; where the winner of the Palme d'Or can be booed , as happened to film-maker Maurice Pialat in 1987 when he collected the coveted prize for "  Under the Sun ; " and where a talent like Danish maverick Lars Von Trier can express sympathy at a press conference for Adolf Hitler , then apologize , then be kicked out of the festival by the organizers  he later withdrew his apology  . It is also an event which has always embraced the times . In 1968 , while students in Paris were rioting and building barricades , the enfants terribles of the French New Wave -- including François Truffaut and Jean-Luc Godard -- canceled the awards ceremony and turned the festival into a giant marketplace . In 2004 , Michael Moore 's "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " -- which criticized U.S. foreign policy -- became the first documentary to win the Palme d'Or from a festival jury which numbered more Americans than French . For directors and actors , success at Cannes is the Nobel Prize that they secretly covet . And for the 2,500 or so film critics -- who for 12 days start watching their first film at 8am and their last one just after midnight -- it is the most frantic and rewarding time , when masterpieces are seen for the first time and talents speak freely . Q. Can art really get any more expensive ? A. ` We will see a billion dollar work ' Can any train ride match the Orient Express for glamor and sheer romance ? Scrap metal find turns out to be $ 33 million Faberge golden egg	Film critic Agnes Poirier : The Cannes Film Festival is the Olympics of cinema It was created as a reaction against Italian dictator Mussolini promoting fascist-Italian films Poirier : At Cannes directors are free to throw tantrums and tell critics what they really think Today success at Cannes is the Nobel Prize directors and actors secretly covet , says Poirier
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama says he wo n't act on immigration reform until after the November congressional elections . The news angered Latino groups pushing him to make good on past promises to halt or substantially reduce deportations of immigrants living illegally in the country . It also prompted criticism from some Democrats , who have called for Obama to act unilaterally in the face of Republican obstruction of immigration legislation . Even Republicans who oppose Obama 's intended reforms found a way to attack the President for not doing something they do n't want . Here are five reasons why the unfolding Washington drama is all about politics and the upcoming elections : 1  Waiting until after the November election keeps the focus on the voting The election is for all 435 House seats and about a third of the Senate , not the White House . Betting money now says Republicans hold their House majority and perhaps gain control of the Senate . By putting off his move until after the election , Obama prevents diverting attention from historically low public approval for Congress . A Washington Post-ABC poll in early August showed that for the first time , a majority of Americans disapproved of their own representatives . An anti-incumbent atmosphere may be the Democrats ' only hope for preventing Republicans from holding majorities in both chambers . "  For the Democrats , they want to make this election season about each individual candidate , about their gaffes , about their personalities , " Manu Raju of Politico told CNN on Sunday . "  They do n't want to make this an issue-based election . " Republicans know that , which is why they criticized Obama even though they oppose his planned unilateral moves . "  It 's sad , but not surprising , that President Obama continues to play politics with such a serious and important issue , but for this White House politics seems to dictate everything , " said Republican National Committee spokeswoman Ruth Guerra . 2  It avoids providing further fodder to GOP attack line of imperial Obama According to reform advocates involved in conversations with the White House , Obama has looked at expanding a program that allows immigrants brought to America illegally as children to avoid deportation . The White House also could protect undocumented immigrants in industries such as farming . Republicans , particularly conservatives , routinely accuse Obama of exceeding the bounds of his powers through executive actions . They consider immigration reforms -- like a Senate-passed bill or the steps Obama contemplates -- to amount to an amnesty for lawbreakers . The GOP-led House already has authorized a lawsuit against Obama for allegedly unconstitutional steps in implementing his signature health care reforms . Proceeding with executive actions now on immigration would strengthen a central conservative campaign issue for November . Democrats saw "  some very scary polling out of some of these red states , particularly among independent voters , where the idea of executive action in particular was not looking good for some of these Democrats who were hanging on for dear life as it is , " Molly Ball of The Atlantic told CNN on Sunday . 3  Democrats do n't have to defend a move made less popular by the child immigrant crisis Always a volatile political issue , immigration reform became even more inflammatory due to the influx of children from Central America across the Texas border this year . The tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors have overwhelmed U.S. border and immigration services , creating further backlogs in a system already known for long delays and lack of follow-up in processing cases . On June 30 , Obama said at the White House he would act on his own on immigration , after GOP House Speaker John Boehner made clear the chamber would not take up a Senate reform bill that passed with bipartisan support . The President said then he expected recommendations from his Cabinet on what steps he could take before the end of summer , and that he intended to "  adopt those recommendations without further delay . " However , the child immigrant influx hardened positions and raised new concerns about lax border controls , causing Obama to change his message in an interview with NBC broadcast Sunday . "  This problem with unaccompanied children that we saw a couple weeks ago -- where you had from Central America a surge of kids who were showing up at the border -- got a lot of attention , and a lot of Americans started thinking , ` We 've got this immigration crisis on our hands , ' " Obama said , adding later that "  the truth of the matter is that the politics did shift midsummer because of that problem . " Now , he said , "  I want to spend some time , even as we 're getting all our ducks in a row for the executive action , I also want to make sure that the public understands why we 're doing this , why it 's the right thing for the American people , why it 's the right thing for the American economy . " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday that Obama "  has not in any way altered his commitment or interest in taking executive action , again , within the confines of the law , to act where Congress has n't and more specifically , to act where congressional Republicans have blocked congressional action . " "  And the President 's commitment to acting on this before the end of the year has not changed , " Earnest added . 4  It keeps pressure on House Republicans for not voting on the Senate plan By not acting now , Obama allows his administration and congressional Democrats to keep blaming Republicans for a lack of progress . Every chance he gets , Obama notes how the Senate immigration bill had support from both parties as well as a broad public coalition including business , labor , religious and law enforcement groups backing it , but wo n't pass because House Republicans oppose it . Earnest said that "  injecting an executive action in the midst of this hyperpartisan , hyperpolitical environment " shortly before the November election could have "  a negative impact on the broader public support and on the sustainability of immigration reform . " Conservatives respond that the Senate reforms let immigrant lawbreakers off the hook and would increase competition for jobs as the economy continues growing at a slower-than-desired pace . Keeping the focus on the broader immigration debate , rather than specifics of any unilateral steps the President might take , allows congressional Democrats -- especially vulnerable Senate incumbents -- to depict House Republicans as blocking progress . "  You have Democrats now who knew they always had an outside shot , but the President is not putting them under the gun and putting them on the spot , " Robert Costa of the Washington Post told CNN on Sunday . "  They think they can go to some other issues and have some strengths . " 5  It responds to the political middle more than left-leaning immigrant communities The news of no executive action on immigration until after the November election angered Latino groups and others , who back reforms and who helped Obama get strong support from Hispanic voters in his two presidential elections . "  When candidate Obama asked our community for support in 2008 and 2012 , he urged us all to vote based on our hopes , not our fears , " said Janet MurguÃa , president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza , a leading Hispanic advocacy group . "  Today , President Obama gave in to the fears of Democratic political operatives , crushing the hopes of millions of hard-working people living under the constant threat of deportation and family separation . " Or as CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette put it : "  Some on the left are finally getting the message that Obama is not their amigo . " "  For Obama , the question is never what he can do for the immigration issue , but what the immigration issue can do for him , " Navarette wrote in an opinion piece published Monday . In this case , Obama decided that angering his traditional political allies made more short-term sense than putting vulnerable Democrats -- especially incumbent Democrats in the Senate -- at greater risk of a backlash against unilateral immigration moves from independent voters who will decide close races in November . CNN chief national correspondent John King noted Sunday that most of the vulnerable Senate Democrats come from states that do n't have big Latino populations . Democrats blame GOP for Obama immigration delay Obama : Waiting will make immigration executive action ` more sustainable ' CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House says Obama will act on immigration this year President Obama changes his timing on unilateral immigration steps Holding off now can help Democrats in November elections Obama says the summer child immigrant influx changed the politics
CNN  -- Sony 's PlayStation Network , the gaming and entertainment platform knocked offline for weeks this spring , has been hit again . In a message to members , Phillip Reitenger , Sony 's chief information security officer , said the company detected an attempt to try a massive number of user IDs and passwords on its network . The PlayStation Network and Sony Online Entertainment were impacted , Reitenger said . But unlike the spring attack , when virtually every one of the PlayStation Network 's 70 million subscribers lost total access , only one-tenth of 1 percent  about 93,000 people divided between PSN and Online Entertainment  had their information accessed and were locked down , the company said . Only a small percentage of those accounts showed suspicious activity after they were accessed , he said . "  We want to take this opportunity to remind our consumers about the increasingly common threat of fraudulent activity online , as well as the importance of having a strong password and having a username/password combination that is not associated with other online services or sites , " Reitenger wrote . "  We encourage you to choose unique , hard-to-guess passwords and always look for unusual activity in your account . " No credit card information was accessed in the hack , according to the letter . Network customers who were affected received an e-mail from Sony notifying them of the issue . Everyone who is affected is required by Sony to change their passwords on the network . The PlayStation Network went down on April 20 after a Web attack on the network , which lets people download games and videos and play them with each other online . Most players could n't use the network for weeks and it was n't completely restored until the PlayStation Store went back online in early June . A London 19-year-old allegedly affiliated with the hacker group LulzSec was arrested in late June in connection with the Sony attack . LulzSec , purportedly a spin-off of the bigger hacker collective Anonymous , posted what they claim is proprietary information from Sony Pictures and other Sony properties ' websites online . At June 's E3 video-gaming expo , Sony Computer Entertainment of America president Jack Tretton apologized to players for the outages . He called it the "  elephant in the room " and thanked gamers for staying loyal during the down time . "  You are the lifeblood of this company . Without you there is no Playstation , " Tretton said . "  I want to apologize , both personally and on behalf of the company , for any anxiety we caused you . Many users had responded angrily in the spring , with many of their complaints centering around the week Sony took between the hack and making it known to players . This time , comments on Reitenger 's online post seemed more positive . "  Thanks for letting everyone know so soon , " one user wrote . "  It 's better to be aware . " "  This is good that your letting us know this before everyone goes in another rage , " said another .	Sony PlayStation Network hacked -- again Sony : Breach is smaller than spring attacks that shut down its gaming network No credit cards were accessed , company says Users seem happier with response than they were with delays in announcing last attack
CNN  -- They are two of the biggest names in motorcycle racing , and tensions were high the last time they were on the same team , but Jorge Lorenzo says rival Valentino Rossi 's return to Yamaha is "  good news . " Rossi left the Japanese team in 2010 after Lorenzo won his first world MotoGP championship , ending the Italian 's two seasons of dominance . Rossi , who won the world title four times with Yamaha and three with Honda , has struggled to be competitive since joining Ducati , managing just two podium placings in 28 races . The 33-year-old has agreed a deal for the 2013 and 2014 seasons , resuming a partnership which Yamaha described as a "  super team " when the news was announced last Friday . Lorenzo extends championship lead with Italian win "  I think our relationship has got better , though maybe it 's got better because we were in different teams , " Lorenzo said on the MotoGP website ahead of this weekend 's Indianapolis Grand Prix . "  It 's good news for Yamaha because we achieved a lot of good results together . It 's a big motivation to have him back because I always like to have the best riders in my garage . "  Valentino is one of them . I assume trying to beat me will be a big motivation for him . For Yamaha , it will be a good thing , that 's the most important thing . " Rossi won 46 races in his seven years at Yamaha , but his final season was blighted by injuries and Lorenzo took full advantage . The Spaniard lost his crown to Casey Stoner last year but tops this season 's standings by 23 points from Honda 's Dani Pedrosa with five wins and four second-placings from 10 of the 18 races so far . Rossi is eighth overall , but still ahead of Lorenzo 's 10th-placed American teammate Ben Spies , who will leave Yamaha at the end of this season . "  Someone who has talent normally keeps it and does n't lose it like this in two years , " Lorenzo said of Rossi . "  He is still young enough . He is 33 , he has won a lot of races . With the Yamaha a better bike this year , it will be easier for him . "  It 's true that us younger riders are getting stronger , more experienced and more consistent , but we have to remember that Valentino has won a lot of races . We have to respect that and keep it in mind . " The 25-year-old missed out on a podium place at Indianapolis last year when Spies passed him to take third , but won the U.S. race in 2009 and has twice been third himself . "  I really enjoy riding the Indy track , and have good memories here from my podiums in 2008 and 2010 and my great win in 2009 , " Lorenzo said . "  Last year I really struggled with grip in the race so I hope we can improve that this year . I 've had a nice break but also been training to make sure I 'm fit for this weekend ! " Honda 's Stoner and Pedrosa have won the last two Indianapolis races , and both are seeking to cut Lorenzo 's lead following MotoGP 's midseason break . "  In these two weeks I was able to relax a little , enjoy time with friends and get back into my training , " Pedrosa said . "  At this time of year , Indianapolis is normally very hot so fitness is always key . I enjoy riding at this track and I 've had good results in the past . I am really looking forward to this race and will fight to win and maintain the consistency we have showed in the first part of the championship . " Stoner is 32 points adrift of Lorenzo in third place despite winning four races this season , which will be his last as he plans to retire after the final race in Valencia at the relatively young age of 27 . "  I 'm not the biggest fan of Indy , mainly because we do n't go on the historical track but the infield and in the wrong direction , " said Australia 's two-time world champion . "  The track is very flat and plain , also very tight . There are a couple of corners that can be fun but the majority are difficult , tight and there is n't any natural flow to the track . "	Valentino Rossi will return to Yamaha on two-year deal from start of 2013 season Seven-time world champion has struggled since leaving to join Ducati in 2011 MotoGP series leader Jorge Lorenzo welcomes the return of his former teammate Spaniard says Rossi will be motivated by the prospect of renewing their rivalry
CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a Saudi Embassy convoy in Paris on Sunday , stealing 250,000 euros  $ 334,000  and diplomatic documents , French police say . According to a police union spokesman , a Saudi prince was traveling with the motorcade , but the gunmen appeared to be most interested in the contents of one of the vehicles , forcing it to a stop by brandishing automatic weapons , but without firing a shot . The spokesman described the stolen documents as "  sensitive . " The gunmen 's car was later found burned out and with the license plates removed . There was no sign of the gunmen , and police are investigating . Le Parisien said that the attack took place near Porte de la Chapelle in the city 's 18th administrative district and that the gunmen were armed with Kalashnikov rifles . The website said Monday that the convoy of 12 vehicles was traveling from a hotel on the Champs-Elysees in central Paris to the Paris-Le Bourget Airport -- northeast of the city -- when two cars stopped it , seizing a minivan containing three people . Le Monde said five to eight robbers were involved . The newspaper quoted an investigator as saying the crime would be more complex if the diplomatic documents had been its target . Frederic Lagache , from the Alliance police union , described the offenders as "  a heavily armed and determined group of individuals , " French news agency AFP reported . Saudi Arabia denied the car was an embassy vehicle . Its embassy said the car was a rental and the driver was a Saudi citizen who was headed to the airport . "  On the way , the driver was forced to get out the car . The luggage and car were stolen , " it said . CNN 's Marion Lory contributed to this report from Paris , and Susannah Cullinane reported from London .	NEW : Saudi Arabia denies it was an embassy car Gunmen stopped a Saudi convoy , seizing cash and diplomatic papers A prince was in the convoy , but the men seemed focused on the contents of one vehicle , he said Le Parisien website reported that the gunmen were armed with Kalashnikov rifles
CNN  -- Juan Martin Del Potro has begun training again , raising hopes he may be fit to defend his U.S Open title at Flushing Meadows later this month . The Argentinean has been out of action since the Australian Open in January after having surgery on his right wrist but was included in the list of entrants for the New York tournament , which starts on August 30 . He denied a rumor last month that he was already back on the court , but a picture posted on Del Potro 's Twitter account showed the 21-year-old practicing again - racquet in hand . See Juan Martin del Potro back in action He wrote : "  How beautiful it is to come back and hit the ball , I can tell you it was a light session but I had the racquet in my hand once again . " Del Potro had been battling with his injury for a long time before opting to go under the knife after his fourth round defeat by Marian Cilic at the Australian Open . His solid form last season led to him climbing to number four in the rankings , largely thanks to landing his maiden major title at the U.S. Open . Del Potro beat Rafael Nadal in the semifinal before he denied Roger Federer a sixth straight title by beating the then world number one in a five set thriller . After that he made the final of the season-ending Barclays ATP World Tour Finals in London but fell to Nikolay Davydenko in the final , before his fourth round exit in Melbourne . Del Potro has already confirmed he will play in the Thailand Open in September , but now he faces a race against time to regain full fitness before the U.S. Open begins .	Juan Martin del Potro returns to training after recovering from wrist surgery Del Potro faces a race to be fit to defend his U.S. Open title later this month Argentinean posts picture of himself in training on Twitter
The drug called Molly is n't what most of its users think it is . If you Google "  Molly , " many articles say the drug is "  pure " MDMA , the active ingredient in Ecstasy . Users often talk about the "  purity " of taking Molly , as if it 's somehow better ; after all , MDMA was originally developed as a medication to treat depression . But today 's Molly is most often not MDMA -- in the last few years , the drug has become a toxic mixture of lab-created chemicals , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Here are nine things everyone should know about this rapidly changing party drug : 1 . What is Molly ? Someone who buys or takes Molly now is probably ingesting dangerous synthetic drugs that have not been tested and are produced in widely varying strengths . The DEA says only 13 % of the Molly seized in New York state the last four years actually contained any MDMA , and even then it often was mixed with other drugs . The drugs frequently found in Molly are Methylone , MDPV , 4-MEC , 4-MMC , Pentedrone and MePP . 2 . What does Molly do ? The lab-created chemicals mimic the effects of MDMA ; most of them are central nervous system stimulants that cause euphoric highs . They can also cause a rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , blood vessel constriction and sweating , and can prevent the body from regulating temperature . Some of the chemicals have been reported to cause intense , prolonged panic attacks , psychosis and seizures . After they wear off , the chemicals can cause devastating depression . Several of these compounds have caused deaths . 3 . Who is using Molly ? Molly is being marketed to young first-time drug abusers between the ages of 12 and 17 , as well as traditional rave , electronic dance music fans who may think they 're getting MDMA . "  Our kids are being used as guinea pigs by drug traffickers , " says Al Santos , associate deputy administrator for the DEA . 4 . What does Molly look like ? Molly can take many different forms , although it 's most often found in a capsule or powder . The DEA has also seen Molly applied to blotting paper , like LSD , and in injectable form . 5 . What makes Molly so dangerous ? Molly is dangerous because of the toxic mix of unknown chemicals ; users have no idea what they 're taking or at what dose . Unlike MDMA and other illegal drugs that have known effects on the body , the formulas for these synthetic drugs keep changing , and they 're manufactured with no regard to how they affect the user . "  You 're playing Russian roulette if you take these compounds because we 're seeing significant batch-to-batch variances , " Santos says . For example , officials have found completely different ingredients in drugs sold in the same packaging . Santos also says the amount of active ingredients can be dangerously different , because "  the dosing for these sorts of drugs are in the micrograms . The room for error is tremendous , and we 've seen a lot of deaths with some of these compounds . " The DEA has developed its own reference materials for state and local law enforcement because they were encountering so many different drug compounds they 'd never seen before . At the DEA testing lab , technicians are constantly trying to unravel the chemical makeup of newly discovered drug compounds that have been seized . What you need to know about synthetic drugs 6 . Where do the chemicals come from ? Almost all the chemicals in Molly and other synthetic drugs come from laboratories in China . Chinese chemists sell the drugs online , and middlemen in the United States and around the world cut it with other substances , and either place it in capsules or sell it as powder . Other kinds of synthetic drugs can be sprayed onto plant material and smoked , such as synthetic marijuana . But it 's difficult for law enforcement to keep track of all the chemicals . The DEA says it 's seen about 200 individual chemical compounds since 2009 and 80 new compounds since 2012 . As soon as a compound is discovered and banned , another one is created to take its place . Interestingly enough , the formulas for these drugs were discovered by legitimate scientists working on new medications . The formulas could n't be used as medicine because of the stimulant or hallucinogenic effects they had users , but the "  recipes " for the drugs still remain . Clandestine chemists have used the scientific literature to create hundreds of new chemical compounds for the sole purpose of getting people high . There is no known legitimate purpose for any of these chemicals . Music festival canceled after 2 deaths blamed on drugs 7 . How widespread is the problem ? Huge . The fastest-emerging drug problem in the United States is the synthetic drug market , which now includes Molly . The chemicals in Molly have been found in nearly every state in the U.S. And it 's a multibillion-dollar business . In two days , the DEA seized $ 95 million off drug traffickers during a crackdown . It is a growing problem in Australia , New Zealand and Europe as well . 8 . What 's being done about it ? Why ca n't the government just make it illegal ? Congress passed the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act in July 2012 , which controlled 26 compounds by name . But there are hundreds of compounds , and every time the government makes one illegal , chemists alter the formula slightly to make it a substance that is no longer controlled . U.S. officials say they are discussing the issue with the Chinese government , but most of these chemicals are legal in China . There 's something  potentially dangerous  about molly 9 . How can I tell if someone is using or has used Molly ? The effects can vary widely , depending on the chemical , but while users are under the influence , they may exhibit the following symptoms : sweating , jaw clenching , violent or bizarre behavior and psychosis . After the drug has worn off , a user may show signs of depression or may not be able to get out of bed for an extended period of time .	Molly is a drug that used to be the powder or crystal form of MDMA , or Ecstasy Now , Molly is more often made up of a toxic mix of lab-created chemicals Almost all the chemicals in Molly and other synthetic drugs come from laboratories in China The DEA says using Molly is like playing Russian roulette
CNN  -- Savvy Android users tend to be wary of installing apps that request seemingly unnecessary permissions . When an app wants access to data or functions on your phone , such as your contacts list or the ability to send text messages , it can signal potential security or malware risks . But Android apps that request no permissions at all  such as this Magic 8 ball app  are generally considered pretty free of security risks . But are they ? Earlier this month , a test conducted by the Leviathan Security Group showed that even "  no-permissions " Android apps can access potentially sensitive data on your phone -- and transmit that data elsewhere via your phone 's Web browser . Specifically , Paul Brodeur of Leviathan created a test app that requested no permissions and installed it on some Android devices . He was able to scan the phone 's memory card  SD card  and display a list of all non-hidden files on it . "  While it 's possible to fetch the contents of all those files , I 'll leave it to someone else to decide what files should be grabbed and which are going to be boring , " he wrote . He also could see which apps were installed on the phone , and list some files belonging to those apps . He observed that this might allow nefarious people to find and exploit permission-related vulnerabilities in certain apps . Last year the Skype Android app presented this kind of problem .  Skype fixed that problem . And for phones that operate on GSM cell networks  in the U.S. , that 's AT&T and T-Mobile  , Leviathan 's test app was able to read identifying information about the phone from the SIM card , plus some other information . Finally , since no-permissions apps can launch the phone 's Web browser , that provides a potential route to transmit some data from the phone . While Brodeur 's test app was designed to seek out such security lapses . "  It 's trivial for any installed app to execute these actions without any user interaction , " he wrote . While this may sound worrying , do n't panic . What Leviathan discovered probably should concern Android app developers and Google , rather than consumers who use Android phones and tablets . "  What this research found is really little cracks in Android -- not great big security holes you could drive a truck through , " said Kevin Mahaffey , co-founder and chief technical officer of Lookout Mobile Security , a leading provider of security apps and services for Android devices . "  That 's why this kind of research is so valuable -- it ultimately helps make Android more secure . " According to Mahaffey , the bigger problem is not that people might maliciously exploit these security cracks to steal from users or compromise their phones -- but rather that many app developers are "  sloppy . " For instance , developers sometimes build apps that store user data  such as usernames and passwords  in ways that could be easily accessed through the security cracks Leviathan found . Or the app might open the phone 's Web browser to allow functionality that could be handled other ways . For instance , TheVerge.com reported that the photo gallery that comes pre-installed on Android phones by Samsung , LG , and some other manufacturers stores unencrypted copies of complete addresses associated with photos . They found in a completely unencrypted file "  a list of locations which matched those of our home , work , family , significant other , friends , and even holiday destinations . " These were not GPS coordinates , but rather full addresses : door number , street , town , zip code , and country . TheVerge noted that this address data apparently was generated by Picasa Web Albums . Google acquired Picasa in 2004 . "  There is no reason for the application to be caching locations of private photos completely unencrypted , " wrote Aaron Souppouris for The Verge . "  This was information that we 'd never given Google , either on a phone or within Picasa . To make matters worse , Picasa Web-Album syncing had been switched off a week before the information was found . " There 's not a lot that the average consumer can do in terms of spotting whether apps are storing unnecessary data in insecure ways . The best practice is still to notice which permissions apps require before installing them , do n't install apps that seem to require too many permissions , and report to the developer any suspicious activity by an app . If the developer is not responsive or seems evasive or shady when you report suspicious app behavior , Mahaffey advises alerting Google 's Android security team by sending an e-mail to security@android.com . "  That channel is mainly used by developers , but it 's worth letting them know if you have concerns about an app and you are n't getting useful responses from the developer , " he said . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	"  No-permission " Android apps can access potentially sensitive data on your phone The bigger problem is n't malicious exploitation , but rather that app developers are "  sloppy " Do n't install apps that require too many permissions , and report any suspicious activity
CNN  -- Missy Franklin lives a double life . A normal teenager preparing for college , she is also a four-time Olympic gold medalist who is rewriting swimming 's record books . When she 's not dealing with the usual trials and tribulations of homework and school life , she 's stepping out on the red carpet alongside Hollywood A-Listers . "  I describe my life as like Hannah Montana , " the Pasadena-born , Colorado-based star told CNN . "  During the week I 'm totally Missy , going to school every day and going to practice and just totally being me . "  But then at the weekend I 'm flying out to the Golden Globes , going to these different events . It 's crazy . It feels like I live a double life sometimes . "  But the way I describe it also is that it 's not like my whole life has changed , just a part of it has changed . " While Franklin has not yet reached the profile of Hannah Montana , the schoolgirl/popstar played in the kids ' TV series and movies by Miley Cyrus , she is on her way . On Sunday , aged 18 , Franklin helped the U.S. women 's relay team to victory in the 4 x 100 meter medley at the world championships in Barcelona , giving her a record sixth gold medal of the meeting -- an unprecedented total for a female swimmer . Only her legendary compatriot Michael Phelps has won more gold medals at one championships . The "  Baltimore Bullet " took seven golds at the 2007 event in Melbourne . When Phelps hung up his goggles at the end of London 2012 , he charged Franklin with matching his legacy and equaling his record haul of 22 Olympic medals . No pressure then , Missy . "  On the last night we were in London , he  Phelps  had finished swimming , he was done , " recalls Franklin . "  He looked at me and said , ' I have 56 world records , you 're going to try and beat it . You got ta get after me . ' " Franklin was one of a vanguard of young female swimmers who ruled the waves at last year 's Games . China 's Ye Shiwen took two gold medals and stunned the world with her record-smashing swim in the final of the women 's 400m individual medley , while Ruta Meilutyte , an unassuming Lithuanian , breezed to gold in the 100m breaststroke at the tender age of 15 . But it was Franklin who made the biggest splash , clinching four gold medals and a bronze to announce herself as swimming 's coming force . "  I shocked myself ! " explains Franklin . "  I did n't have any of those expectations going in whatsoever , I was just happy to be there . Happy to be on an amazing Olympic team and to be able to call myself an Olympian was a huge achievement in itself . "  After that I just wanted to get out there and make my country proud . That was my only goal , whatever came with it came with it -- and that happened to be five medals . I could n't have planned it any better . " With unexpected success comes new expectations -- and tough decisions . Notably she decided to postpone turning pro , temporarily spurning the possibility of earning millions of dollars in endorsements to become arguably the world 's most marketable collegiate athlete . She also swapped Colorado for California , choosing to swim for the University of California 's "  Golden Bears . " She plans to join the professional ranks after the 2015 NCAA Championships . Juggling swimming with academia is now her biggest concern . "  It 's very difficult , it 's super hard , " says Franklin . "  I 'm done with high school , which is super sad to think about because I 'm going to miss it so much . "  You hear about what the Olympics can do for someone 's career , but it 's unbelievable how much it really does . I 've been able to meet the most incredible people and I think that 's been the best part . "  Going to the Golden Globes and the VMAs  MTV awards  , seeing my favorite actors and actresses and singers , going to all of these events and meeting other incredible athletes . It 's been life-changing . "  All the work is very hard to keep up with , but all my teachers and my friends are awesome at helping me catch up with homework . "  It 's all about time management . Swimming has to happen and homework has to happen , so it 's figuring out how to get those things to work together . " Another role Franklin has taken on is to encourage others to take up water-based sports . She spoke to CNN from the set of "  The Current , " a film she is making with fellow American swimmer Mallory Weggemann -- a Paralympic gold medalist -- aimed at encouraging people with physical disabilities to take up scuba diving . "  We 're making an inspirational documentary about helping people with physical disabilities find a passion for scuba diving , " said Franklin . "  To help them realize that , even if you have a disability , it does n't mean you ca n't do these things -- you might just have to do it a little bit differently . "  You can be free , you can let go of everything . That 's one of my favorite things about swimming , no matter how hard my day was or how tired I am , I can just get into the pool and it does n't matter . "  We 're all equal when we get into the water , it 's just us and the water . The water treats us all exactly the same . " Despite those sentiments , U.S. swim fans will be hoping "  Missy the Missile " is without equal when she takes to the pool in future Olympic Games .	Missy Franklin becomes first woman swimmer to win six world championship golds The American teen is juggling school life with sporting success U.S. swimming legend Michael Phelps tips her to beat his records Now 18 , she won four gold medals and one bronze at London 2012 Olympics
CNN  -- Did waterboarding and other coercive interrogation techniques that were used on al Qaeda detainees in CIA custody eventually lead to the Navy SEAL operation that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan early in the morning of May 2 , 2011 ? The Senate Intelligence Committee report released Tuesday has a simple answer to that : Hell , no ! According to the Senate report , the critical pieces of information that led to discovering the identity of the bin Laden courier , Ahmed al-Kuwaiti ,  Ahmed the Kuwaiti  whose activities eventually pointed the CIA to bin Laden 's hiding place in Pakistan , were provided by an al-Qaeda detainee before he was subjected to CIA coercive interrogation , and was based also upon information that was provided by detainees that were held in the custody of foreign governments .  The report is silent on the interesting question of whether any of these unnamed foreign governments obtained any of their information by using torture . Further critical information about the Kuwaiti was also provided by conventional intelligence techniques and was not elicited by the interrogations of any of the CIA detainees , according to the report . Even worse for the CIA -- which has consistently defended the supposed utility of the interrogation program , including in the hunt for bin Laden -- a number of CIA prisoners who were subjected to coercive interrogations consistently provided misleading information designed to wave away CIA interrogators from the bin Laden courier who would eventually prove to be the key to finding al Qaeda 's leader . The Senate report provides the fullest accounting so far of the exact sequence of intelligence breaks that led the CIA to determine that the courier , the Kuwaiti , was likely to be living with bin Laden in Pakistan . This reads more like a careful Agatha Christie detective story than a story about the efficacy of coercive interrogations , which some have characterized as torture . The report points out that the courier was in touch with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the operational commander of the 9/11 attacks , and that it was SIGINT  signals intelligence  from phones and email traffic that made this link first in 2002 , well before any CIA detainees made such a connection . Indeed , in a fascinating footnote , the report makes the case that it was "  voice cuts " of the courier that were first collected in 2002 that were matched eight years later to the Kuwaiti and were "  geolocated " to an area of Pakistan in 2010 where he was traveling around . This was a crucial lead that helped prompt the CIA to examine the mysterious compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where bin Laden was hiding . In 2002 , reports from four different detainees held by foreign governments provided important information about the courier 's age , physical appearance and family , information that was also acquired prior to any information about the courier being obtained from CIA detainees . Detainees held by foreign governments also said that the courier was close to bin Laden . It was Hassan Ghul , an al Qaeda operative captured in Iraqi Kurdistan , who provided the most detailed account of bin Laden 's courier and his relationship to bin Laden in January 2004 , before he entered CIA custody . According to a CIA official cited in the report , Ghul , who was in Kurdish custody , "  sang like a tweetie bird . He opened up right away and was cooperative from the outset . " Ghul described the courier as bin Laden 's "  closest assistant " and "  one of three individuals likely to be with " al Qaeda 's leader . And he correctly surmised that bin Laden would have minimal security and "  likely lived in a house with a family somewhere in Pakistan . " If there was good intelligence coming from sources that were not in CIA custody , the Senate report demonstrates that the detainees who were in CIA custody and were subjected to coercive interrogations made every effort to hide the significance of bin Laden 's courier . Five of the most senior al-Qaeda detainees in CIA custody , all of whom were subjected to some of the most intensive coercive interrogation techniques , variously said that the courier worked only with low level members of al Qaeda ; that he was not a courier for bin Laden ; that he was n't close to al Qaeda 's leader , and that he was focused only on his family following his marriage in 2002 . None of this , of course , was true . The CIA , of course , is not happy about the portrayal of its work in the Senate report , and in a rebuttal on its website on Tuesday the agency pushed back , saying that detainees "  in combination with other streams of intelligence " played a role in finding bin Laden . In particular the CIA cites a detainee , Ammar al-Baluchi , who was coercively interrogated and provided what it terms the first information indicating that the Kuwaiti was indeed bin Laden 's courier , rather than just someone who was an ordinary member of al Qaeda . The CIA rebuttal is not , however as persuasive as the very detailed history laid out in the Senate report , which is buttressed by copious source notes . And , in any event , were interrogations of al Qaeda detainees really the key to how bin Laden ultimately was found ? After all , it still took almost a decade after the first identification of the courier to find bin Laden . Indeed , there were a number of key breaks that had little to do with the interrogations of al Qaeda detainees , which I discovered in the course of reporting my book "  Manhunt . " A large break , according to U.S. counterterrorism officials , came in 2007 , when a foreign intelligence service that they wo n't identify told the CIA that the Kuwaiti 's real name was Ibrahim Saeed Ahmed . It would still take three more years for the CIA to find Ibrahim Saeed Ahmed in Pakistan , a country with a population of 180 million . This involved painstaking work going through reams of phone conversations to try to locate him through his family and circle of associates . In June 2010 , the Kuwaiti and his brother both made changes in the way they communicated on cell phone , which suddenly opened up the possibility of the "  geolocation " of both their phones , according to U.S. counterterrorism officials . Finally , sometime in the late summer of 2010 , the Kuwaiti received a call from an old friend in the Persian Gulf , a man whom U.S. intelligence officials were monitoring . "  We 've missed you . Where have you been ? " asked the friend . The Kuwaiti responded elliptically . "  I 'm back with the people I was with before . " There was a tense pause in the conversation as the friend mulled over that response . Likely realizing that the Kuwaiti was back in bin Laden 's inner circle , the caller replied after some hesitation , "  May God facilitate . " The CIA took this call as a confirmation that the Kuwaiti was still working with al Qaeda , a matter that officials were still not entirely sure about . The National Security Agency was listening to this exchange and through geolocation technologies was able to zero in on the Kuwaiti 's cell phone in northwestern Pakistan . But the Kuwaiti practiced rigorous operational security and was always careful to insert the battery in his phone and turn it on only when he was at least an hour 's drive away from the Abbottabad compound where he and bin Laden were living . To find out where the Kuwaiti lived by monitoring his cell phone would only go so far . In August 2010 , a Pakistani "  asset " working for the CIA tracked the Kuwaiti to the crowded city of Peshawar , where bin Laden had founded al Qaeda more than two decades earlier . In the years when bin Laden was residing in the Abbottabad compound , the Kuwaiti would regularly transit though Peshawar , as it is the gateway to the Pakistani tribal regions where al Qaeda had regrouped in the years after 9/11 . Once the CIA asset had identified the Kuwaiti 's distinctive white Suzuki SUV with a spare tire on its back in Peshawar , the CIA was able to follow him as he drove home to Abbottabad , more than two hours ' drive to the east . The large compound where the Kuwaiti finally alighted immediately drew interest at the agency because it did n't have phone or Internet service , which implied its owners wanted to stay off the grid . Soon , some CIA officials would come to believe that bin Laden himself was living there . They were , of course , right .	Did coercive interrogation yield evidence pointing to bin Laden ? Peter Bergen says the Senate torture report finds that other forms of investigation were key Coercive interrogation actually yielded incorrect information , the report says
Editor 's note : Malaak Compton-Rock is founder and director of The Angelrock Project , "  an online e-village promoting volunteerism , social responsibility , and sustainable change . " One of her initiatives , "  Journey for Change : Empowering Youth Through Global Service , " will be seen as part of CNN 's "  Black in America 2 . " Her first book is being published by Broadway Books in May , 2010 , titled , "  If It Takes a Village , Build One : How I Found Meaning Through a Life of Service to Others and 100 + Ways You Can Too . " Malaak Compton-Rock says focusing on problems facing African-Americans is difficult but necessary . CNN  -- In the words of my mentor and America 's foremost child advocate Marian Wright Edelman , founder and president of The Children 's Defense Fund , it 's time to "  raise a ruckus people , it is time to raise a ruckus ! " CNN 's "  Black in America " raised many critical issues facing African-American people in this great country of ours . It was not pretty , it was not flattering , but it was very , very frank . The show delved into the negative issues that have plagued the African-American community for generations , i.e. , crime , education , single parent families , drug abuse and the like . People got mad . People sent many e-mails and letters to Soledad O'Brien and CNN and cried foul . People said "  Black in America " was not consistent with the lives of many African-American people and was one-sided . Blogs and Web sites popped up all over the place where people "  raised a ruckus " about the content of the show . I read a lot of these comments . As a matter of fact , I was obsessed with people 's views for many weeks after the documentary aired . And the more I read , the more I got angry . The more I read , the more I wanted to "  raise my own ruckus . " But I was frustrated and upset for a very different reason than most . I was almost apoplectic with the amount of criticism for "  Black in America " without critical , thought provoking commentary about how each person can do their part to make a difference to change the very startling and distressing issues facing most African-American children and adults in America . On a typical day in the lives of black American children : And on a typical school day for black children in America : And consider that in America , -LSB- Statistics are from the Children 's Defense Fund 's Child Research Data . -RSB- This is serious stuff people . And it is the cold-hearted truth . So , it is okay to comment that the documentary did not represent your life . It is okay to comment that it was upsetting to see images of black men in jail , children dropping out of school , and unwed mothers . It is okay because the truth hurts , especially when it is seen by 16 million people . In fact , most of the images shown in "  Black in America " do not represent my personal life or the lives of my children . But because these issues face my brothers and sisters in my collective African-American family , they concern me , they hurt me , they belong to me , and I will own them . We know that as African-Americans we have come a long way . We know that we are doctors , lawyers , CEOs , philanthropists , politicians , and even the president of the United States of America . And yes , it would do our children a lot of good if these images were portrayed more frequently in the media . But this does not change the very real issues facing African-American people portrayed in "  Black in America . " And frankly , with so many of our people struggling , we ca n't just celebrate our achievements -- we must make it a priority to work on the most critical and urgent matters in our community . As I always say , "  The blessed and the best of us , must take care of the rest of us . " So why did the criticism make me so mad ? Because so much of it was unaccompanied by real ideas , thought-provoking suggestions , plans of action , or inspiring initiatives or solutions . How can you complain if you are unwilling to join the fight ? How can you get mad , if you are disinclined to make a difference in someone else 's life ? And why would you take the time to write an accusatory e-mail to Soledad O'Brien instead of writing a letter to your representative in Congress demanding health care for all children and pregnant women , increased funding for schools , or new initiatives to increase black-owned businesses in black neighborhoods ? "  Black in America 2 " will offer many solutions to the ills facing African-American people . I think it will make the naysayers happy . But it will only make me happy if the naysayers "  raise a ruckus " by joining the fight to better the lives of all black folks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Malaak Compton-Rock .	Malaak Compton-Rock : Some critical of "  Black in America " focus on problems She says community has serious challenges to overcome , particularly for children Compton-Rock : "  Black in America 2 " will show solutions She says naysayers must join the fight to improve conditions
