CNN  -- Canadian investigators want to talk to actress Pamela Anderson about her recent revelation that she suffered sexual abuse as a child . Anderson , 46 , described several incidents of sex abuse at the launch of her charity , the Pamela Anderson Foundation , at the Cannes Film Festival in France on Friday . The incidents started at age 6 , she said , when she was molested by a babysitter . The former "  Baywatch " star grew up in British Columbia before starting her modeling and acting career in the United States . "  Given the nature of the allegations , an investigator with the Ladysmith RCMP is in the process of reaching out to Ms. Anderson to discuss this matter with her directly , " Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman Darren Lagan said Thursday . "  Given the sensitive nature of these allegations , and out of respect for Ms. Anderson 's privacy , we will provide no further comment at this time . " Although she had "  loving parents , " Anderson said she "  did not have an easy childhood . " She never told her parents about the abuse . Child sex abuse is a taboo topic for some parents "  I feel now might be the time to reveal some of my most painful memories , " she said , according to a transcript posted on her blog . She recounted being molested between the ages of 6 and 10 by a female babysitter and then being raped when she was 12 by the 25-year-old brother of a friend 's boyfriend . The man "  decided he would teach me backgammon , which led into a back massage , which led into rape , " she said . Coincidentally , the Cannes event at which she revealed the rape was a backgammon tournament . "  Needless to say , I had a hard time trusting humans , " Anderson said . "  I just wanted off this Earth . " Although her parents "  tried to keep me safe , " the "  world was not a safe place , " she said . Her mother was busy with two waitressing jobs , she said . Anderson said her love for animals saved her . "  My loyalty remained with the animal kingdom , " she said . "  I vowed to protect them and only them . I prayed to the whales with my feet in the ocean . My only real friends , till I had children . " Before her acting career took off , Anderson started her career as a Playboy centerfold , appearing on 13 covers of the magazine starting in 1989 . Pamela Anderson remarries ex-husband Rick Salomon Anderson fronts racing team CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	RCMP is "  reaching out to Ms. Anderson to discuss this matter , " police spokesman says Anderson described childhood sex abuse at an event in France "  Baywatch " actress says she never told her parents about molestation , rapes "  I feel now might be the time to reveal some of my most painful memories , " she says
CNN  -- "  What do you love ? What do you fear ? What 's in your pocket ? " These were among the questions asked of the world by director Kevin McDonald when shooting "  Life in a Day , " the remarkable crowd-sourced film that debuted on YouTube in 2011 . Produced by Hollywood blockbuster brothers Ridley Scott  "  Alien , " "  Blade Runner "  and Tony Scott  "  Top Gun "  , and edited from 81,000 submissions from 192 countries , "  Life in a Day " is a video mosaic of intimate moments from around the world all shot on one random day -- July 24 , 2010 . The documentary has racked up nearly 7.8 million views on YouTube to date . Now , another pair of director brothers is taking on a similarly inspired project -- this time commissioned by the city of Seoul . "  Oldboy " director Park Chan-wook and his younger brother Park Chan-kyong are taking on a crowd-sourced video ode to South Korea 's capital . Titled "  Seoul , Our Movie , " the project works like this : would-be participants choose one of three themes -- Working in Seoul , Made in Seoul and Seoul -- and upload a video of less than five minutes on the project 's channel from now until November 9 . The brothers ' joint production company will choose clips and edit them into a film with a cohesive narrative . Participants have a chance to win plane tickets to Seoul , cars and laptops . A dark past Despite being the most celebrated director from the country , Park Chan Wook may be considered an odd choice for an ambitious global marketing effort for Seoul tourism . Park 's startlingly violent "  Vengeance Trilogy , " which includes "  Oldboy " and "  Sympathy for Lady Vengeance , " amassed a fanatic following around the world for its unflinching and at times disturbing treatment of fear and pain . His first Hollywood movie , "  Stoker "  2013  , starring Nicole Kidman and Mia Wasikowska , is a sinister psychological thriller . When he 's not exploring violence or Gothic chills , it 's vampire horror . Despite the aura of darkness in his work , Park says he 's actually an apt choice for delivering a message of hope . So do the project 's backers . "  We had other directors in our mind , but we decided to go with director Park and his brother , as we thought they would manage this project with creativity and global recognition and provide opportunity for global citizens to participate , " says Ki Hyun Kim , director for the tourism business division for the Seoul Metropolitan Government . Park also had the benefit of discussing the project with Ridley Scott when the two were working together on "  Stoker . " Scott produced , Park directed . In an interview with CNN , the Park brothers discussed "  Seoul , Our Movie . " CNN : Fans expect dark movies from you . What kind of story are you planning to tell through "  Seoul , Our Movie ? " Park Chan-wook : I 'm sure many do n't know this , but I 've actually directed a hopeful and bright movie called , "  I 'm a Cyborg , But That 's OK . " I think it 's a common bias from the public that I only create and film the darker movies with serious story lines . Similar to my previous film works , I want to deliver the message of "  hope " through "  Seoul , Our Movie . " Now , when I say "  hope , " I 'm not referring to the floating bubbles of "  hope " with unrealistic wishes and dreams that pop as soon as you blow them . I 'm actually referring to the solid , powerful "  hopes " facing reality in this world . In this film , I want to portray a lot of scenes that feature ordinary people in the labor force . It 's a movie that will be created by participants . Though this is what I want , I 'm sure the movie itself will vary in its atmosphere or story line depending on the type of films or videos that are shared with us . CNN : Who will weed out submissions ? Park Chan-kyong : Videos on the official YouTube channel will be constantly viewed by PARKing CHANCE  the Park brothers ' production company  . Different videos posted by various Seoul locals and travelers will keep us  engaged  during the editing process . CNN : What are your favorite places in Seoul ? Park Chan-wook : Itaewon and Hwanamoo Road , also known as Kyungridan , in Yongsan are some of my favorite places in Seoul . There are many fancy roads with quiet residential areas and countless small streets on the steepest hills . Also , dainty restaurants and Leeum Art Museum , a place that symbolizes the old and contemporary Korean art , are all located there . An area like Kyungridan is one of the most "  free " places in Seoul with its dynamic vibrant actions from various residents -- ethnic minority groups , homosexual communities , etc. . Park Chan-kyong : I was born in Seoul and have lived in this city for over 40 years . Despite this , Seoul is so dynamic that I still have n't been to many places around the city . But if I have to pick , a few of my favorite spots would definitely be Euljiro 3-ga and 5-ga , a trail in Bukhansan where I can see the city 's skyline , and Changdeokgung Palace , Han River and Inwangsan 's Seonbawi .	Director brother duo tapped for new Seoul crowd-sourcing movie Participants upload videos to official channel ; prizes include cars , plane tickets Despite reputation for violent movies , Park Chan-wook excited to deliver message of hope
CNN  -- On Friday , August 4 , 1944 -- a beautiful summer morning , not unlike the one on which I am writing this now -- a car pulled up in front of a spice warehouse at 263 Prinsengracht in Amsterdam . Inside the car were an Austrian Gestapo officer and his Dutch subordinates , who , acting on a tip-off  whose source has never been identified  , had come to arrest the eight Jews who had been hiding for two years in an attic above the warehouse . The eight prisoners were taken to a deportation camp , from where they were sent to Auschwitz . Only one of them , Otto Frank , would survive . It is because of one of youngest of those prisoners , Anne -- 15 at the time of her arrest -- that we know the names of the people who endured under those extraordinary circumstances , and who tried heroically to lead normal lives , although , during the daylight hours , they were forbidden to move or make noise . The diary that Anne had received for her 13th birthday , which she had kept up during their time in the "  secret annex , " and which she had revised during her family 's last few months in hiding , has outlived her by decades . It has become a classic of world literature , translated , reprinted and read throughout the world . She made her final entry in the diary 70 years ago Friday , sounding like a typical soul-searching adolescent . Often , reading Anne Frank 's diary is the way in which young people first learn about the horrors of the Nazi genocide . Just as importantly , young readers understand that these crimes were visited upon a girl much like themselves and their friends -- a girl who was often in conflict with her mother , a girl who kept vowing to be a more patient and forgiving person , a girl who fell in love for the first time . A girl who wanted to be a writer -- and who was one . Though the circumstances of her final years  she died , at 15 , in Bergen-Belsen  were so terrible and extreme , her inner life and her voice seem almost shockingly contemporary , astonishingly similar to the voices of the teenagers we know . We can not help but be amazed that an adolescent girl could have written so movingly and intelligently about a subject that continues to overwhelm the adult imagination . Because of this book , we will remember the names , the quirks -- the characters -- of the eight people who inhabited the secret annex and their brave Dutch helpers . We will be able to visualize them long after everyone who witnessed that horrific era is gone . It is because of Anne 's diary that she and her family are among the few we will remember -- the ones we feel we know -- among the millions who suffered and died as she did . All of this should bolster the argument to be made against those who wish to remove some literature from the curriculum that our children study because it is not "  practical , " not "  useful , " because literature  like Anne Frank 's diary  is a frivolous luxury compared with the more "  necessary " subjects that today 's young people must master . What could be more "  practical " than to learn  from the inside , from the first-person point of view of someone who experienced it  the history of the world in which we live , the history that has made us who we are -- and to learn that this history happened not to anonymous masses but to individuals much like ourselves and our children . What could be more "  useful " than to view that era through the mind and eyes -- and in the words -- of a girl who wanted us to know who she was and what happened to her . And what could be more necessary than the story of a girl who wanted to grow up , to become a writer , to lead a full and normal life -- and was prevented from doing so , by the forces of prejudice and hatred , on a beautiful and otherwise ordinary August morning .	Francine Prose : Anne Frank made her final entry in her diary 70 years ago Friday Days later , she and family arrested , sent to concentration camp , where she died Prose says Anne Frank 's diary a direct , relatable window to history for young people She says teaching book keeps us alive to history , alert to forces of prejudice and hatred
The nerds are all right . The technologists who built the Democratic Party 's data-driven approach to campaigning are saddened by the results of the 2014 midterms , a political drubbing that not even even the sharpest get-out-the-vote operation could prevent . But they are taking heart in a durable truth : Even as Republicans made impressive strides in digital and data-driven campaigning in 2014 , Democrats retain a culture of innovation and an army of campaign geeks that far outpaces their GOP foes . "  It goes back to the Obama campaign of 2008 , but even before that , " said Tom Bonier , CEO of the Democratic data firm TargetSmart . "  So many people came out of the woodwork in that campaign , people with PhDs , statisticians , programmers , developers , people who ran tech-start ups . A lot of them went back to their jobs , but so many of them stayed around . They created new companies , they worked on the 2012 campaign , they work at the party committees . They are everywhere . " Republicans have gloated about their advancements in campaign science since being infamously outclassed by President Barack Obama 's voter turnout operation in 2012 . After a much better year in 2014 , they point with pride to new data programs that allowed GOP campaigns to better identify and persuade voters . "  Democrats were telling reporters all the way up to Election Day that their data would be the difference and they would keep the Senate , " said Chuck DeFeo , the Republican National Committee 's chief digital officer . "  As a Republican , I 'm glad to hear that they still believe in their data advantage and look forward to 2016 . " But even the GOP 's top digital strategists continue look with envy at the technological ecosystem that Democrats and their allies have constructed over the course of a decade . "  They are a couple steps ahead in technology , but light years ahead in culture , " said Wesley Donehue , the president of Push Digital , a Republican communications firm . "  Democrats put a larger emphasis on digital and data and technology , they put more money into it , they are better at sharing it . Republicans are much more guarded in sharing their resources . " Culture gap The culture gap on vivid display this month at RootsCamp , a two-day "  un-conference " -- their phrase -- of more than 2,500 progressive activists and campaign pros who gather yearly in Washington to drink , talk shop and swap lessons from the election season that was . There is nothing like it on the right . One fearful Republican blogger called it "  The Left 's New Death Star . " The gathering -- run by the New Organizing Institute , a progressive outfit that trains activists and operatives in the fields of data , digital and organizing -- has blossomed since its heady inception in 2006 . Back then , when "  netroots " activists were demanding a seat at the Democratic Party table after John Kerry 's presidential loss , the event was an amateurish meet-up of some 200 web-obsessed Democrats who convened in coffee shops and college classrooms in Washington , Brooklyn , and Denver to plot strategy . Today , RootsCamp feels like a Vegas tech expo for Democrats . Participants at the Washington Convention Center wandered through a job fair that showcased vendors , labor unions , data houses and political committees from across the progressive spectrum . AFSCME , SEIU , Emily 's List , MoveOn.org , ActBlue , Civis Analytics , BlueState Digital , NGP VAN , Salsa Labs , Mobile Commons , the Analyst Institute , Catalist -- all of them were eagerly swapping business cards with the next generation of Democratic whiz kids . Panels and training sessions starred political directors and digital gurus from the Democratic National Committee , Planned Parenthood , NextGen Climate , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee who walked audience members -- many of them field organizers and young digital staffers from various midterm races -- through the micro-tactics that worked in 2014 and the ones that did n't . One official from NextGen , the environmental group founded by Bay Area billionaire Tom Steyer , told a room that the group identified over 350,000 "  climate action " voters with the help of five in-house data staffers and a rigorous field program . The organization ran 21 field experiments this cycle , testing whether black-and-white mail worked better than color , or if combining messages  "  climate and choice "  in certain states made a bigger impact on voters than climate-messaging alone  it did  . The unapologetically dorky breakout sessions had titles like "  OMG ! SMS for GOTV " and "  Simple tricks to up your A/B testing game . " One pink-clad speaker took to a podium to recruit female attendees to the free "  women-only " coding classes she was running . In the hallways between panels , conversations could seem downright exotic to the untrained ear , as conference-goers joked about "  ROC curves " and "  sucky U.I.s. " While Democrats on Capitol Hill were debating a controversial omnibus spending bill that threatened to keep Congress in town through Christmas , the Democrats at RootsCamp were still focused on the nitty-gritty of campaign life , trying to work out the bugs before 2016 and find the best ways to streamline the software platforms , user interfaces and voter data that campaigns now rely on . If anyone had hang-ups about revealing their hard-earned intel to potential competitors , they were n't talking . Information-sharing , the thinking at RootsCamp goes , is n't just good for Democrats at the ballot box -- it 's good for business . Annie Wang , a data scientist from Civis Analytics , a targeting firm born out of Obama 's 2012 campaign , was one of dozens of presenters at the conference promoting products that make campaigning easier and more efficient . ` Democratize data science ' "  We are trying to democratize data science , so that organizers throughout the progressive universe can have these data tools at their disposal , " Wang told an eager crowd during a plenary session called "  Disrupt 2016 . " Across town at DNC Headquarters , national party officials tapped the assembled brain power for a day-long post-mortem with over thirty digital directors and data scientists from state Democratic parties and some of the year 's biggest Senate and gubernatorial campaigns , including those of Wendy Davis , Charlie Crist , Alison Lundergan Grimes , Michelle Nunn . The election results were chastening for the Democratic tech community , said Matt Compton , the DNC 's digital director . "  It was a very strong reminder that even the best organizing in the world really only has an impact on the margins , " he said . "  It 's important to acknowledge that atmospheres still matter , and the American people will have their say regardless of technology you are going to produce . " But Compton said the party 's geek squad won , in a sense , by losing . He gushed over the ability of Democrats to "  scale down " the tactics of the 2012 presidential campaign to the statewide and congressional level without having the kind of big budget that Obama relied on . And importantly , Compton said , running from behind forces campaigns to re-think their strategies and test new tools and methods . "  If you are behind , you are willing to take more risks , to do things you were not willing to try before , " Compton said . "  If you are in a really tight race , that means that your budget constraints can be tighter and that sometimes forces you to bring more things in-house or to look for things that can be more efficient , or develop a tool that 's going to help you save money . " He pointed specifically to the campaigns of Nunn in Georgia , which polished their online fundraising practices by matching their email list against Facebook and testing how potential donors responded to various messages , and the Crist campaign in Florida , which invented a new tool that helped Democrats sign up online to vote by mail . The Crist campaign tool would check a voter 's submission on CharlieCrist.com against the voter file at the DNC to make sure their address matched their voter registration . If it did , an email was sent from the voter 's email to address to the local supervisor of elections to request a ballot . "  No printing , no stamps , nada , " said Amanda Litman , the campaign 's digital director . In the end , nearly 20,000 Florida voters obtained ballots using the tool . Litman said their models showed most of them were sporadic voters . "  Democrats this cycle may have lost , but we raised the bar on what statewide and down-ballot races can accomplish online , " Litman said . "  We worked together to innovate , test , share best practices , and build a stronger network and pipeline of talent . " Kassia DeVorsey , an MIT-educated analytics specialist who was one of the "  cave dwellers " in the Obama campaign 's dimly-lit Chicago data office , estimated that Democratic campaigns around the country had about 100 data scientists working on their races , with another 100 doing work on independent expenditures and issue campaigns . None of them were rookies . "  These are folks with rich experience with data tools , " she said . But DeVorsey and others who came to Washington for RootsCamp stressed , over and over again , that nothing in campaign politics is static . Republicans continue to innovate , issues change , and the technology and data that campaigns rely on is always evolving -- from Facebook 's API to the information contained in the Democrats ' national voter file . "  Our tools are only as good and useful as they can be used in practice , " DeVorsey said . "  If we spend a lot of time creating the most the awesome Phillips head screwdriver and what organizers really need is a flat-head , then we have completely failed at our mission ... The ongoing commitment on the Democratic side to testing will really help optimize things going forward . "	GOP is making gains in technology Democrats still have tech advantage and are n't worried about 2014 losses
CNN  -- Incumbent leader Abdelaziz Bouteflika has won a third term in office after a landslide victory in Algeria 's presidential election , media reports said Friday . Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika arrives to cast his vote at a school in Algiers . Bouteflika 's victory came despite calls from his political opponents for voters to boycott the polls . They claim the election was a charade , with the other presidential candidates -- from left-wing parties to Islamists -- standing no real chance . The 72-year-old was elected with over 90 percent of the vote , Reuters.com quoted the official in charge of organizing Thursday 's presidential election as saying . "  Bouteflika has won ... 90.24 percent of the votes cast , " Interior Minister Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni told a news conference . Algerian lawmakers , most of them loyal to the president , cleared the way for him to stand for re-election last year by abolishing constitutional term limits . Critics said that would allow him to serve as president-for-life . Supporters of Bouteflika say he deserves credit for steering the North African country , an oil and gas producer , back to stability after a bloody civil conflict in the 1990s that killed an estimated 150,000 people . But critics say he is using the threat of renewed violence from Islamic militants to mask the country 's deepening economic problems . "  I continue to regard the restoration of civil peace as a national priority , as long as hotbeds of tension and pockets of subversion survive , " Bouteflika , running for a third term , said in his final campaign speech on Monday , Reuters.com reported . He has also promised to spend $ 150 billion on development projects and create 3 million jobs , his remedy for an economy in which energy accounts for about 96 percent of exports but where other sectors have been choked by red tape and under-investment .	Bouteflika , 72 , win third term comfortably with 90 percent of vote Lawmakers abolished constitutional term limits last year Political opponents claim vote was a charade Algeria is fighting an Islamic insurgency and an ailing economy
CNN  -- Michael Jackson could n't sleep . A coroner preliminarily has concluded Michael Jackson died of an overdose of propofol , court documents say . Maybe it was anxiety over his upcoming comeback concert series in London , England . Perhaps his body was trying to process too many different medications . The reason may never be known , but a sworn affidavit makes clear that the King of Pop could n't get rest the night before he died on June 25 . The affidavit , from Detective Orlando Martinez of the Los Angeles Police Department , outlines probable cause for search warrants on the offices of doctors who are thought to have treated Jackson . Yet it also opens a window into Jackson 's final hours , revealing information about the singer 's treatment and the drugs given him by Dr. Conrad Murray , his personal physician , before his death . Watch a panel discuss Jackson 's death " Based on interviews , visits to Jackson 's home as well as records and documents gathered during the investigation , the affidavit provides the following account of Jackson 's last days : In May , Jackson hired Murray , a cardiologist . The singer was spending long days rehearsing for concerts that he saw as crucial to reviving his career . For six weeks , Murray told police that he treated Jackson for insomnia . He said he had been giving the singer an intravenous drip with 50 milligrams of propofol , diluted with lidocaine , every night to help him sleep . Jackson was already familiar with propofol , a powerful anesthetic , Murray said . The singer even called it his "  milk " because of its milky appearance , he said . With the concerts approaching , Jackson started to need these drugs every night , Murray said -- and the doctor said he worried that Jackson was becoming addicted to propofol . He wanted to wean Jackson off the drug . Three days before Jackson 's death -- on June 22 -- Murray gave the singer a combination of drugs that he hoped gradually would move the singer off propofol . That mixture involved propofol , the anti-anxiety drug lorazepam  known by its brand name , Ativan  and midazolam  known as Versed  . It succeeded in helping Jackson to sleep for that night and the next , Murray said . But by the night of June 24 , Jackson again apparently was unable to sleep . Learn more about the events of Jackson 's final hours " At 1:30 a.m. on June 25 , Murray decided to forgo the propofol in favor of 10 milligrams of Valium . Half an hour later , with Jackson still awake in bed , Murray injected the singer with two milligrams of lorazepam . It still was n't working . At 3 a.m. , Murray gave the singer two milligrams of midazolam , pushed slowly into his IV . And two hours later , with Jackson still awake , Murray administered another two milligrams of lorazepam through Jackson 's IV . The drugs did nothing to help Jackson sleep . At 7:30 a.m. , Murray gave the singer another two milligrams of midazolam in his IV . By that point , Murray was n't even leaving Jackson 's room anymore , let alone his bedside . The doctor told police he sat next to the singer in his bedroom , monitoring Jackson 's pulse and oxygen levels . More than three hours later , despite a night of medication and doctor 's care , Jackson remained awake . Jackson was repeatedly asking -- even demanding -- that Murray give him more propofol to help him sleep , the doctor told police . So Murray finally administered 25 milligrams of propofol diluted with lidocaine via Jackson 's IV drip . The singer now had his "  milk , " and it worked . After a restless night , Jackson was finally able to close his eyes and go to sleep . Murray told police he watched Jackson sleep for about 10 minutes before going to the bathroom . It had been a long night for both of them . The trip to the bathroom took less than two minutes , Murray told police . But when he came back , he said , he saw Jackson was n't breathing . He started cardiopulmonary resuscitation , but it did n't work . Jackson was rushed to the hospital and pronounced dead later that afternoon . According to court documents released Monday , Dr. Lakshmanan Sathyavagiswaran , the chief medical examiner-coroner for Los Angeles County , concluded Jackson died of an overdose of propofol . Sathyavagiswaran reached that preliminary conclusion after reviewing toxicology results carried out on Jackson 's blood , according to a search warrant and affidavit unsealed in Houston , Texas . The coroner 's office would not comment on the statements in the affidavit . But Ed Chernoff , Murray 's attorney , took issue with some of the information included in the court documents . "  Much of what was in the search warrant affidavit is factual . However , unfortunately , much is police theory , " Chernoff said , specifically referring to media reports the coroner would rule Jackson 's death a homicide . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said it has not yet seen a police report on the case , and no criminal charges have been filed .	Affidavit opens a window into Michael Jackson 's final hours Doctor reportedly said he worried Jackson was becoming addicted to propofol Affidavit : Dr. Conrad Murray gave singer several drugs on night before June 25 death Murray 's attorney calls some information in affidavit "  factual , " other "  police theory "
CNN  -- Danielle Dayton and Patrick Murray received the call Saturday afternoon : Their 4-pound son , Brayden Murray , was shipping out . Patrick Murray and Danielle Dayton say their tiny son 's evacuation went smoothly . As coastal hospitals prepared for Gustav , tiny babies in the Newborn Intensive Care Units were among the first to be evacuated . "  The NICU babies are our first priority when it comes to evacuation , " said Keith Darcey , a spokesman for East Jefferson General Hospital in Metairie , Louisiana , where Brayden was a patient before being evacuated to Woman 's Hospital in Baton Rouge , Lousiana . Woman 's Hospital started receiving phone calls Wednesday from coastal-area hospitals inquiring whether there was room in their NICU , spokeswoman Jodi Conachen said . By Sunday evening , the hospital was taking care of 32 evacuated babies . "  The hospitals started preparing early this time , " she said . "  They learned their lesson from Katrina . " The babies have done well since arriving in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , said Darcy Gann , director of the NICU at Woman 's Hospital . "  They act like they were barely affected by the transfer . " The babies arrived by ambulance without their parents . Dayton and Murray drove to Baton Rouge to join their son after dropping off their 7-year-old daughter , Breanne , to stay with relatives far from the storm . While the couple took care of their children , they had a friend board up their business in Metairie . "  You have to deal with it the best you can . You ca n't panic , because it does n't do anyone any good , " Murray said . "  You do what 's best for the baby . " Although Murray said Brayden 's evacuation went smoothly , one hospital administrator said the patient evacuation process had been "  incredibly frustrating . " Watch part of the NICU evacuation " "  There was at least a six - to eight-hour delay in evacuating the babies , " said Dr. Kevin Jordan , chief medical officer of Touro Infirmary in New Orleans , which sent seven NICU babies to Woman 's Hospital . "  It was very , very , very disorganized . " Jordan blamed the state office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness . He said Touro is still waiting to evacuate four critically ill adult patients on ventilators . "  It 's been incredibly frustrating , " he said . The secretary of the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said each hospital is responsible for evacuating its own patients , adding that Touro asked for assistance Sunday morning , days after other hospitals had asked for help . "  It 's never a perfect process , " he said . "  It 's never easy to evacuate thousands of people in 48 hours . " Touro , which usually has between 215 and 245 patients , has evacuated all but around 65 to 70 , he added . "  The sickest of the sick patients we 're keeping and sheltering in place , " Jordan said . "  We 're concerned that evacuating them could do significant harm . " Other hospitals took a different approach . East Jefferson evacuated only its three NICU babies , keeping its 210 adult patients in the hospital . "  We survived Katrina quite well and learned a lot from the experience , " Darcey said , adding that since Katrina , the exterior of the hospital has been fortified . "  But you do n't want to take any chances with the little babies , " he added . "  Their temperatures have to be very carefully regulated , and if the air conditioning goes out , that could have a detrimental effect on their health . "	Sick newborn babies among first evacuate area , as Gustav approaches Touro Infirmary , sent seven NICU babies to Woman 's Hospital in Baton Rouge "  It was very , very , very disorganized , " says Touro 's chief medical officer
Way back in the mists of time , when schoolkids were expected to learn seemingly endless lists of facts off by heart , they chanted a poem to remember the names of England 's kings and queens . "  Willie , Willie , Harry , Ste , " it began . "  Harry , Dick , John , Harry three / One , two , three Neds , Richard two / Harrys four , five , six , then who ? " It then ended with the most recent monarchs : "  Edward seven , George and Ted / George the sixth , now Liz instead . " Of course , it 's not done that way any more , but if it were , which name would make it into the next verse ? We know that "  Charles " and "  William " will follow "  Liz , " but which name will follow theirs ? Long before it was announced that William and Catherine had had a baby boy , speculation about what they 'll call the newest addition to the royal family reached fever pitch . Would they pick a name that has already featured in that schoolroom poem ? Read more : What will the royal baby look like ? "  William and Kate are very much a couple of the 21st century but I think they will stick to traditional names , in keeping with the past , " Kate 's biographer Claudia Joseph told CNN . Whatever the pair pick as the all-important first name , there will be plenty of room to fit in nods to other members of the family too . "  Royals have quite a lot of names , " said Williams . "  Charles is actually Charles Philip Arthur George , and the Queen is Elizabeth Alexandra Mary . Her father , Bertie , had five names . " Writing for CNN , royal author Andrew Roberts agreed : "  Although we ca n't know what the child 's name will be , we can be sure that he or she will have a lot of them : Some heirs to the throne -LSB- have -RSB- had as many as seven or eight . " But now we know it 's a boy , Williams said the couple 's choice was simpler in theory , since there are fewer traditionally "  royal " male names to choose from . George and James are the current frontrunners with bookmakers , with odds of between 6/4 and 11/4 . "  We 're very fond of King Georges in this country , " she said . Read more : Royal baby -- heir for a new century ? But the peculiar British royal tradition of switching between names may complicate matters . Prince Charles is expected to be known as King George VII when he ascends to the throne ; King George VI was actually christened Albert ; and his brother , Edward VIII , who became Duke of Windsor after his 1936 abdication , was known as David by family and friends . History has also knocked several male names out of the equation : Edward is unlikely , given that scandalous abdication so he could marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson , and the various King Richards , Charleses and Johns are viewed as cruel , tyrannical or just downright unpopular . "  Charles , at 10/1 , and John , at 8/1 , are very unlikely , " Roberts wrote . "  Charles is already taken as the name of Prince William 's father , and John was one of the worst kings in British history . " King John was forced to sign the Magna Carta by his nobles in 1215 ; he was portrayed as the key villain in "  Robin Hood . " "  There 's no way they would pick Edward as a first name , " insists Williams . "  And you ca n't have Henry , after Henry VIII  though of course if Harry came to the throne he would be Henry  . My bet is on George Philip William Edward . " In recent years , there has been a move away from classic "  regal " names by those on lower branches of the royal family tree . Prince Andrew and his now ex-wife Sarah "  Fergie " Ferguson plumped for the unusual Beatrice and Eugenie for Prince William 's cousins . Princess Anne , William 's aunt , has two granddaughters by son Peter and Canadian daughter-in-law Autumn Phillips : Savannah  born in 2010  and Isla  born in 2012  . Read more : Who can inherit British throne ? But Joseph said William and Kate were always unlikely to go for more "  trendy " options on the lists of popular names . In 2013 , the most popular names for baby boys in the UK so far are Noah , Oscar and Oliver , according to babynames.co.uk . "  Obviously other members of the royal family have broken with tradition but the offspring of William and Kate will be a future monarch , " she said . That means , says Williams , "  we 're not going to see a Chardonnay , or a Plum , or an Apple . " Nevertheless , British betting shops are more than happy to take your money if you fancy a flutter on a more modern or quirky moniker . If you think the future monarch might name a king-in-waiting after the King , you can always give it a shot : Ladbrokes are offering odds of 500/1 in favor of Elvis , while the chances of the baby prince being named after South Korean rapper and YouTube sensation Psy are a long shot 5000/1 . Read more : Royal baby , meet the family !	Speculation about what baby boy will be called has reached fever pitch Prince William and Catherine are expected to opt for a traditionally "  regal " name Bookies ' favorites are George and James -- but you can also place bets on unusual names
CNN  What happens when John Stamos shows up outside the "  Full House " home that made him a star ? Nothing , apparently . For reasons unknown to us , Stamos was recently lurking outside the popular San Francisco attraction when a group of tourists showed up . It appears they were too busy gawking at the house to realize "  Uncle Jesse " was standing next to them . It appears that Stamos was amused and posted an Instagram of him standing next to them . The caption ? "  Boy , these youngsters have 0.0 idea what they 're missing . #Fullhousehouse . #TURNAROUND . " Hopefully , he found some consolation in the 46,000 likes and thousands of comments from swooning fans . Otherwise , Stamos is keeping busy with guest roles on "  Two and a Half Men " and "  Galavant " amid rumors of a possible "  Full House " reunion .	John Stamos took a photo next to tourists looking at the "  Full House " home The San Francisco house is a popular tourist attraction
CNN  Often called "  the summer capital of South Korea , " the port city of Busan is just a two-and-a-half-hour train ride from Seoul . The country 's two largest cities , however , are remarkably different places . 50 reasons why Seoul is the world 's greatest city In the more low-key Busan , a night out usually means drinking soju with friends on the beach while watching kids play with firecrackers . Or eating hoe  Korean sashimi  -- again with soju -- at the shiny new fish market . Or watching burly , tattooed local men  widely considered more manly than their Seoul counterparts  play a popular street game , driving nails with a single blow into a thick wooden beam , for prizes of cigarettes and whiskey . Even apart from the prevalence of seafood , the cuisine in Busan is also different from that found in the rest of the country . Here 's what to do in Korea 's second city . Beaches Haeundae During the summer swim season -- it runs from July 1 to August 31 each year -- millions of Koreans , and increasingly more foreign visitors , descend on this strip of beach and revel in the water before heading out to party on weekend nights . Just in front of the beach is the Haeundae "  Sea Village " Pojangmacha street , a strip of identical , tented seafood stalls selling everything from live octopus to lobster . Customers pick their own meal from a tank and minutes later have it cooked and served to them alongside their favorite Busan soju . Haeundae Tourist Information Center ; +82 51 749 4335 Gwangalli Lit by 100,000 lights that change colors , Korea 's longest suspension bridge is particularly beautiful from the beach at night . While Haeundae is a family friendly beach , Gwangalli is popular with younger crowds who come in single-sex groups and eye members of the opposite sex and occasionally party together . etour.busan.go.kr ; +82 51 780 0077 Hotels Westin Chosun Busan The Westin Chosun Busan 's Haeundae beachfront view is so fantastic that the government capped the hotel at 10 floors when it was being built 35 years ago . The lobby has floor-to-ceiling windows with spectacular panoramic views of the sea ; the hotel organizes local tours for guests  free or with a minimal fee  . Savvy guests ask for sea-view rooms when booking . Westin Chosun Busan , Haeundae , 737 Woo 1-Dong , Busan ; South Korea ; +82 51 749 7000 ; rooms start around $ 200 excluding 10 % service charge and 11 % tax  rates vary according to season Park Hyatt Busan The newest , highest and shiniest hotel in Busan is n't on the beach , but it has great views of Gwangalli beach . The rooms have stunning interiors that incorporate traditional Korean design into a monochromatic modern aesthetic . Park Hyatt Busan , 51 Marine City 1-ro , Haeundae-gu , Busan , South Korea ; 82 51 990 1234 ; rooms from $ 240 excluding 11 % tax  rates vary according to season Paradise Hotel Busan The Paradise Hotel is the hippest hotel in the city for nightlife  there 's a club in the hotel  , spa  the new rooftop pools have incredible views and a bar  and fancy desserts . The lobby lounge 's mango bingsu  Korea 's favorite shaved ice dessert  is made with rose petals and is a culinary marvel . Paradise Hotel Busan , 1408-5 Jung-dong Haeundae-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +82 51 742 2121 ; rooms from $ 210  rates vary according to season Eat and drink Dwaeji gukbap  "  pig soup rice " This humble pork stew is probably Busan 's most emblematic dish . It 's served with an equally humble-looking dish of vegetables and a bowl of rice . The slightly stinky smell from salt-fermented shrimp masks the deep , satisfying flavor . Locals call it a perfect hangover cure or 2 a.m. post-clubbing meal . Miryang Sundae Dwaeji Gukbap , 543-1 Woo-1-dong Haeundae-gu , Busan , Korea ; +82 51 731 7005 ; 6,500  $ 6 Naengchae Jokbal Busan has a number of food-themed streets , but a favorite among locals is Jokbal Golmok  Pig Feet Alley  . Cooked in soy , ginger and garlic , the pig feet are served on a large platter with the option of naengchae -- a side of cold jellyfish slivers in mustard sauce -- that 's particularly popular in summer . The longest lines are at Hanyang Jokbal , in the middle of the alley . Hanyang Jokbal , 35 Bupyeong-dong 1-ga , Jung-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +82 51 246 3039 Food map : Eat your way around Korea Ssiat Hoddeok  seed hotcake The highlight of Busan street food is a local sunflower seed variation of hoddeok , a hot , sweet , fried cake bursting with crunchy seeds and sugary goodness . Though many vendors in the International Market seem to sell the same thing , one hoddeok vendor located right next to the circular stage in the middle of market has lines at all hours of the day while neighbor vendors look on jealously . Gukje Sijang  International Market  , Sinchang-dong 4-ga , Jung-gu , Busan , South Korea ; 1,000  90 cents Dongnae Halmae Pajeon This 50-year-old , family-run restaurant serves the softest , most delicious pajeon  pan-fried green onion "  pancakes " with seafood  we 've ever tasted , and is one of the region 's legendary restaurants . Must-order dishes include Dongnae Pajeon  30,000 or $ 26 for medium-sized option  and the Utjiji , a row of sweet , chewy ddeok  rice cakes  . Warning : there 's a sneaky restaurant out front with a near-identical name but without the "  Halmae "  grandmother  in the middle , trying to piggyback off the success and reputation of the original . Dongnae Halmae Pajeon , 367-2 Bokcheon-dong , Dongnae-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +82 51 552 0792 Busan soju Busan variations of the best-selling liquor in the world are lighter and sweeter than their mainstream counterparts . Men drink the stronger C1 soju , while women tend to prefer the "  Ye " series . Locals order a particular brand of soju according to mood or occasion : Jeulgowoye , meaning "  happy , " is for the lighter occasions , while Geuriwoye , meaning "  nostalgia , " is served at more somber events , such as funerals . 20 delicious Korean drinks Temples Beomeosa This 1,300-year-old temple high in the mountains offers a breathtaking respite from urban life . Monks go about their daily rituals without taking notice of the few visitors wandering timidly around the premises . Those who want to experience temple life  meditation techniques , tea ceremonies , temple food  can sleep over with the temple stay program . The one-night-two-day program costs 50,000 - 80,000 per person  $ 44 - $ 70  per person , depending on the choice of activities . 33 stunning Korean temples The temple is a 30-minute cab ride from the beaches of Haeundae . There are no taxis available on Mt. Geumjeong , so it 's a good idea to ask the driver to wait around for the return journey . Round trips from Busan cost around 50,000  $ 43  , including wait time . Beomeosa , 546 Cheongnyong-dong , Geumjeong-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +51 058 3122 Haedong Yonggunsa It 's unusual to find a seaside temple in South Korea and Haedong Yonggunsa is one of the most beautiful of its kind . Usually mobbed with tourists and school groups , it 's one of most popular places for locals to watch the first sunrise of the New Year . Haedong Yonggunsa , 416-3 Sirang-ri , Kijang-eup Kijang-gun , Busan , South Korea ; +82 51 722 7333 For the latest tourism updates and tips , check out the Busan Tourism Organization website .	South Korea 's seaside metropolis has a laid-back vibe that separates it from Seoul Local cuisine is different than food found in other parts of the country Summer swim season is from July 1 to August 31 each year
Gaza City  CNN  -- With the latest failed cease-fire quickly becoming a distant memory , the two sides in the Israel-Gaza conflict traded rockets and airstrikes Saturday -- as well as blame for not stopping the bloodshed . Israeli airstrikes killed at least five more people in Gaza on Saturday , the official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported . The area around central Gaza 's Qassam mosque , in particular , was a frenzy of activity as medical workers sifted through rubble there . WAFA claimed that Israeli fighter jets struck that mosque and another , killing at least three people . Less than a mile away from the Qassam mosque , a strike killed two men riding on a motorbike , Palestinian Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Ashraf el-Qedra said . Israel 's military confirmed the strike , saying the two men were militants . El-Qedra added Saturday night that a 13-year-old girl died in an airstrike on her family home in Rafah . That was in addition to a 10-year-old boy who died while playing with friends , the Palestinian health ministry said . Then again , Israel is on the defensive as well . The Israel Defense Forces said that , since the end of the cease-fire early Friday , about 100 rockets were fired toward Israel from Gaza . That figure includes at least 30 launched Saturday , of which 24 hit Israel , the military said . The IDF responded by targeting "  some 120 terror sites and nine terror operatives . " All this back-and-forth , of course , is nothing new . The Israelis and Palestinians -- particularly Hamas , the Islamic militant group and political party that controls Gaza -- have been at it for weeks , with the former fending off persistent rocket attacks and the latter dealing with relentless Israeli strikes . There have been efforts to halt the bloodshed as well as to broach some of the thorny issues related to it . And there have been some breakthroughs , including a few cease-fires . Yet none of those peacemaking attempts , so far , has stuck . Death toll 's rise slows The death toll 's climb has slowed since IDF announced overnight into Saturday an end of its ground incursion in Gaza -- even as it continued to strike from the air . Israeli forces say troops redeployed after completed their mission of destroying Hamas ' tunnels . Still , while there were n't scores of dead Saturday as has been true many other days over the past few weeks , the total carnage remains significant . According to el-Qedra , at least 1,911 in Gaza have died since the conflict began , in addition to just under 10,000 injured . It 's unclear how many casualties were militants : The United Nations estimates that about 70 % of the dead were civilians , or about 1,340 . IDF , meanwhile says about 900 militants have been killed , which would put the civilian death toll at around 1,000 . IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said that that number was a preliminary estimate based on field reports from troops returning from battle . Israeli officials say 64 Israeli soldiers have died , and three civilians were killed in Israel . The Iron Dome missile defense system has intercepted many of the rockets Gazan militants have fired at populated areas of the country . Blame game continues Besides the violence , another thing that has n't stopped is the blame game . One point of contention : who broke the most recent cease-fire hours before it was supposed to run out ? Hamas denied firing rockets into Israel on Friday . Yet militants from Islamic Jihad and the Al-Nasser Salah al-Din Brigades admitted to doing just that -- blaming Israel for refusing to accept their demands during negotiations . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said it was Hamas ' fault regardless , telling CNN the group runs Gaza and "  ca n't outsource terrorism to the other groups . When they want to enforce a cease-fire , they do it very well . " Hamas has been in charge of the Palestinian government in Gaza for years , while the Palestinian faction Fatah runs the government in the West Bank . The two groups have been at odds but also made repeated efforts at a unity government , including one earlier this year . One sad irony of all this bloodshed is that -- according to the Egyptian foreign ministry , which brokered recent talks -- the parties have reached an agreement on most issues . Those not agreed upon were few and limited , the ministry said in a statement . Still , there 's too much history to show that agreement on some issues will not necessarily lead to a grander breakthrough . The Palestinians have asked for Israel to lift its blockade on Gaza and to re-open the air and seaports , a Palestinian negotiation who spoke on condition of anonymity said . Israeli authorities fear Hamas could import weapons by sea and maintains a ship blockade off Gaza 's shores . Palestinians also wanted Israel to extend Gaza 's fishing zone in the Mediterranean from three miles off the coast to 20 . Fishing is a keystone of Gazan livelihoods . But Israel was willing to extend fishing rights to only six miles off the coast , said Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . Yet Israel is resisting in-depth talks as long as rockets continue to head toward its territory . After Gazan rocket fire on Friday , Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the country "  will not conduct negotiations while under fire . " CNN exclusive : Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader Nobel laureate Wiesel : Hamas must stop using children as human shields Gaza conflict : Can economic isolation ever be reversed ? Life in Gaza : Misery heightened by war CNN 's John Vause reported from Gaza , Matthew Chance reported from Jerusalem ; Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Ali Younes , Tal Heinrich , Jake Tapper and Samira Said also contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian official : 13-year-old girl killed by Israeli airstrike NEW : Israeli military : About 100 rockets from Gaza since cease-fire 's end Israel and Hamas criticize one another for not doing more to halt violence
Miami  CNN  -- State investigators concluded there were "  no safety threats " at the home of a 10-year-old girl two days before she was found dead in her adoptive father 's pick-up truck near her seriously ill twin brother , according to a report released Monday by Florida child welfare authorities . Both of the twins ' adoptive parents -- mother Carmen Barahona and father Jorge Barahona -- are charged with first-degree murder in the girl 's death . They also each face seven counts of aggravated child abuse and seven counts of child neglect , with the mother being so charged Saturday and the father charged on all the counts Monday . James Loftus , director of the Miami-Dade Police Department , told reporters Monday that the girl died and the boy was found only after an extended period of "  systemic long-term abuse . " "  This is , in my experience , one of the saddest commentaries on the human condition that I 've ever seen , " Loftus said , calling the parents ' alleged behavior "  subhuman . " "  It 's depressing , it 's sickening . " Jorge Barahona earlier pleaded not guilty on charges of attempted first-degree murder with a weapon and aggravated child abuse with a weapon in the case . Days before the twins were found , the Florida Department of Children and Families received tips alleging poor treatment of children at the Barahona household in Miami-Dade County . Records indicate a 7-year-old also lived in the home . One caller on February 10 claimed that the 10-year-old girl and another child had been "  tied by their hands and feet with tape , and made to stay in the bathtub all day and night as a form of punishment , " with the tape removed only so they could eat , according to a copy of the report released Monday . Then , on February 12 , authorities began looking into another claim that one of the Barahonas ' children needed stitches after being hurt on the face and lip . Carmen Barahona applied a bandage but did n't take the child to the hospital . The mother said the child fell -- though the report notes that "  the injury is not consistent with the story . " Investigators went to the home and late that night filed a report , in which they did not find any reasons for concern for the children 's well-being . "  There is no reason to believe that the family is about to flee or refuse access to the children , " investigator Bridget Moore said in the "  initial in home safety assessment " report . "  The home was observed , and there were no hazardous conditions . " The report concluded with an assessment that the risk to the children was "  moderate , " with no risk of abuse . "  There are no concerns for the safety of the children while in the care of the parents , " the investigator writes . Two days later , on February 14 , authorities say Jorge Barahona parked his pest-control truck alongside I-95 . A roadside ranger said he found Barahona beside the truck and his adopted son ill inside the vehicle , which was filled with toxic chemicals . The boy was taken to a hospital to be treated for severe burns . The body of the Barahonas ' adopted daughter , Nubia -- who was the boy 's twin sister -- was later discovered in the back of the truck in a plastic bag . The Florida Department of Children and Families held its fourth of five scheduled meetings Monday afternoon to examine how authorities had handled the case . In one instance , a caller told Florida authorities that he knew the Barahonas , and he was worried about the couple 's twins . The contents of that phone call , which was made two days before the twins were found , was released last week by the department . The caller said he was worried that something sinister had happened to the 10-year-old girl because the Barahonas could not explain where the girl was . "  Jorge Barahona  does n't come out with a straight answer , which is worrying me so much that something might have happened to that little girl , " said the caller , who was not named . During Monday 's press conference , Katherine Fernandez Rundle -- the state attorney for Miami-Dade -- said the surviving children in the Barahonas ' home "  clearly are key witnesses " in the case , describing their cooperation with investigators thus far as "  very courageous . " Rundle said a decision has n't been made yet on whether prosecutors would seek a death sentence in this case , though she signalled that this scenario appeared likely . "  If there ever was a case that the death penalty would apply , it would seem to apply to this one , " she said .	NEW : A Florida man , like his wife , is charged with murder and child abuse NEW : A police director calls the behavior "  subhuman , " pointing to "  long-term abuse " A state investigator found no reason for concern in the household A 10-year-old girl was found dead in plastic bag , her twin brother was burned
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton told an audience last month that she is not thinking about her 2016 presidential plans and told supporters "  not to think about it . " Nonetheless , they 're laying the groundwork necessary to activate a campaign in a not-so-subtle attempt to convince her to run . The party that was once known for duplicating efforts and an inability to accept the realities of federal election law believes it has found its groove with a cadre of organizations working in concert to elect the first woman president . "  Everybody is swimming in their own lane , which is very unusual for Democrats , " said Paul Begala , head of pro-Clinton Priorities USA Action and a CNN contributor . "  Usually Democrats bump into each other all the time . " Does Obama secretly support Hillary Clinton for 2016 ? The message from pro-Clinton Democrats is that each group has their own goal : Priorities USA Action deals with high-dollar fundraising and making ads ; Ready for Hillary builds grassroots support and a sizable e-mail list ; Emily 's List grows excitement in electing a woman president ; and Correct the Record handles messaging , research and rapid response to attacks from opponents . In South Carolina , Clinton forces try to tap Obama magic Group known for backing Hillary Clinton also defends Biden Each group 's early efforts are unprecedented -- especially considering Clinton has yet to announce her presidential intentions -- causing some senior Democrats to worry that focusing on 2016 is taking Democrats ' focus off the 2014 midterms with the balance of power in the Senate at stake . Bill Clinton hits midterm trail with an eye on 2016 But what really sets these coordinated efforts apart are the close personal ties between organizations and a super PAC board that 's stacked with a who 's who list of pro-Clinton operatives . The pro-Clinton board When Priorities USA Action announced its new board last month , most on the list were either picking up a paycheck , closely tied to or advising one of the groups urging Clinton to run . Allida Black , the chairperson of Ready for Hillary , is on the board . So is David Brock , the prolific fundraiser behind the liberal super PACs American Bridge and Correct the Record . Also earning a seat : Stephanie Schriock , president of Emily 's List , and Harold Ickes , a longtime Clinton confidant and an adviser to Ready for Hillary . The announcement made it clear that the Priorities board is shaping up to become the nexus of the groups pushing a Clinton campaign . "  If you look at our board , the Priorities board , that is coordination incarnate . That is coordinating , " Begala said . "  This is where a lot of conversation occurs . That , I think , shows the connection and the cooperation on my side . " And a number of sources close to the process of putting the Priorities board together said the intent was to center the body around these pro-Clinton groups . The coordination extends to President Barack Obama 's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns . Earlier this year , Priorities made a big splash when it named Jim Messina , Obama 's campaign manager , as the board 's co-chairman . The move had some political experts questioning whether Messina 's move to Priorities was a tacit presidential endorsement for Clinton . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said that Messina is "  an independent American citizen " who is "  not affiliated with the President , the White House . " Messina has started with the super PAC , including working with the new board . So far , the board has had a handful of conference calls and the expectation is there will be regular interaction between the pro-Clinton operatives . Even longtime Democratic operatives like Brock say , "  This kind of cooperation on behalf of a unified Democratic front is unprecedented . " The longstanding relationships Also at play is the web of friends , confidants and former colleagues that have staffed the groups . Many of the top strategists at each organization have worked together , some for decades . Each organization said the trust between these individuals makes it easier to coordinate . "  If you have been in this town long enough , you have worked on the Hill , you have worked in politics , chances are you have almost worked with everyone in your age group in that level , " said a source at Correct the Record . "  With that , the line between work drinks and drinks with friends is oftentimes one in the same . " With this familiarity comes an ease and , sometimes , an expectation that the Democratic operatives with a common goal will help each other out . Adam Parkhomenko , founder of Ready for Hillary , and other members of the super PAC 's staff have a weekly call with American Bridge and Correct the Record . When Emily 's List has an event for Madame President -- the group 's initiative to elect a woman president -- Ready for Hillary will get an early heads-up . Parkhomenko had lunch with Buffy Wicks , the executive director for Priorities USA Action , in early February , shortly after Priorities made clear it would be a pro-Clinton group with a focus on 2016 . The lunch was set up in an effort to strengthen bonds between the groups and make sure the organizations were n't stepping on each others toes . "  They trust each other , they have worked with each other for a long time , " said a source at Ready for Hillary . "  It just makes it easier to work together . " The problems Some senior Democratic operatives think that focusing on 2016 this early is a distraction from the upcoming 2014 midterm elections . Earlier this month , Guy Cecil , the executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and a longtime Clinton supporter , sent off a trio of tweets pushing operatives , fundraisers and donors to not lose focus on 2014 . "  To those who are #ReadyforHillary , we 've got another job to do before 2016 , " said one . "  To the donors who want to expand the electorate , fight voter suppression laws & win in 2014 , we need your help now , " said another . Cecil 's job is to protect their blue majority in the Senate . Democrats also hope to win back the House in 2014 , but the chances of that look dim . David Axelrod , Obama 's former campaign manager , tweeted earlier this month , "  With the Senate seriously at risk , and the Koch Brothers spending prodigiously , should n't Dem funders be focused on '14 and not '16 races ? " In reaction , Wicks sent out a memo to Priorities USA supporters making it clear that the Democratic super PAC would not be sitting out the 2014 midterms . "  No one should sit out the 2014 midterm elections , period , " Wicks wrote . "  Priorities USA Action , which was founded to preserve , protect and defend the Obama presidency , was not born with an eye toward congressional races . However , the upcoming midterm elections are so critical for our future and the ability of the next President to govern that we must engage . " There are other problems that come with amassing a campaign infrastructure without having a candidate . Namely : What happens if Clinton decides not to run ? While many friends and confidants believe Clinton will run , most tell CNN that she has yet to decide . There are Democrats waiting in the wings , but almost all Democratic focus for 2016 has been trained on Clinton . A CNN/ORC International Poll released earlier this month showed 70 % of Democrats would support Clinton 's nomination in 2016 . Poll : If not Clinton , then what kind of Democrat ? CNN/ORC Poll : Christie 's loss appears to be Clinton 's gain The pro-Clinton groups have said they would help other Democrats should Clinton not run . Ready for Hillary would use the substantial e-mail list it has amassed to help different state parties and candidates . Earlier this year , Correct the Record showed it was a team player by defending Vice President Joe Biden against Republican attacks . The groups are staffed by Clinton loyalists and all hope the former first lady will run . If Clinton does n't run , the resources amassed to help her will be in question . The irony Back in 2010 , the Supreme Court open the floodgates to outside campaign spending in their Citizens United ruling . At the time , Democrats derided the decision as "  bad for American Democracy " and Obama bashed the ruling in his State of the Union address . Conservative groups seized the opportunity and spent millions of dollars in support of Republican campaigns . Conservative super PACs outspent liberal groups by a 3-2 margin , $ 36.7 million to $ 24.6 million , according to analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics . That gap grew to 2-1 of the $ 609 million raised by super PACs in 2012 . Although many pro-Clinton Democratic operatives say they wish big money was not a part of politics , the pro-Clinton groups have embraced the law . Advisers close to the groups equate the supervision from the Federal Election Commission to the "  Wild West , " where little is off-limits and groups can have a sizable impact years out from Election Day 2016 . "  You have to play the game with the rules as they are , " said the Priorities source . "  We ca n't unilaterally disarm . " A source close to Ready for Hillary said they 're using "  Citizens United ruling to benefit Democrats . We would n't be doing this if we did n't believe it could work . " Rubio on 2016 : Clinton would ` struggle ' Biden on 2016 : If Hillary runs , it wo n't affect my decision Jeb on Bush family name : ` It 's an issue ' Christie 's poll numbers still tumbling What would Democrats do without Clinton in 2016 ? 2016 watch : Not your daddy 's GOP	A web of Democratic groups backing a possible second White House bid by Hillary Clinton is organizing Groups bound by close personal ties and board packed with pro-Clinton operatives But the early work for Clinton could distract Democrats from the 2014 midterms And the question remains : What if Clinton does n't run in 2016 ?
CNN  -- Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is married for a seventh time -- this time to the ex-wife of a cousin whose sister Lewis wed when she was 13 -- his representative said Thursday . Lewis , 76 , married Judith Brown , who was previously married to his cousin , Rusty , on March 9 in Natchez , Mississippi , according to his representative Maureen O'Connor . The flamboyant piano player known as "  The Killer " pushed the rock envelope with his 1957 hit singles "  Whole Lotta Shakin ' Goin ' On " and "  Great Balls of Fire , " but marital scandal stalled his career . His third marriage  when he was 23  was to a 13-year-old cousin , Myra Gale Brown . Rusty Brown is Myra Gale Brown 's brother , O'Connor said . Lewis and his sixth wife , Kerrie McCarver , were married for 20 years and had a child . They were divorced in 2004 , according to Spinner.com . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Lewis married Judith Brown on March 9 , his representative says Brown was married to Lewis ' cousin Rusty Brown Rusty Brown 's sister Myra Gale Brown was 13 when Lewis married her
CNN  -- Vita Food Products says it is recalling more than 8,000 packages of its smoked salmon because the product may be contaminated . The recall affects the Vita Classic Premium Sliced Smoked Atlantic Nova Salmon . The Chicago-based company says 8,088 packages could be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes , which can cause fatal infections to people with weakened immune systems , children and the elderly . "  To date , no confirmed illnesses or complaints have been reported by customers , although the company is closely monitoring the situation , " the company said in a statement Friday . The company says the salmon was sold throughout the country . Grocery stores that received the salmon include Publix in Georgia , South Carolina , Tennessee , Alabama and Florida . The salmon was also sold to Safeway stores in Alaska , Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Colorado , Maryland , Virginia , Pennsylvania , the District of Columbia and California . Genuardi 's stores in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , and Winn Dixie stores in Florida also got the salmon . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The packages may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes It can cause fatal infections to people with weakened immune systems "  To date , no confirmed illnesses ... have been reported , " the company says
New York  CNN  -- Imagine a vulnerable island , parts of it man-made , with towering buildings and lots of people crammed into small spaces . Now imagine a monster storm slamming into that island . Manhattan vs. Irene . It could happen Sunday , and hurricane experts are warning New Yorkers that even though Irene may not be a killer in the vein of Katrina , millions of people could be trapped in their homes for days . Without power , transportation , phones -- and experience . A hurricane warning was issued late Friday afternoon for the New York City area , as well as points eastward to Cape Cod , Massachusetts , stoking fears that Irene could be the most destructive hurricane to hit the metropolis since 1938 . "  The basic issue is , first , New York City has world-class emergency planners . I mean , they 're the best in the game . But the city is out of practice when it comes to hurricanes , " said homeland security expert Stephen Flynn , author of "  The Edge of Disaster . " But it 's not just New York that faces Hurricane Irene 's wrath as it churns northward . A heavily populated urban corridor from the nation 's capital to the New York metropolitan area stands a chance of a wet and windy lashing . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano warned that significant power outages are likely on the East Coast . "  This is n't a mammoth storm ... in terms of lots of death and destruction , but what it is going to do is be very disruptive , and people have to be in position to camp out in their house , " Flynn said . "  Time is always your ally before a disaster . It 's always your enemy after a disaster , " he said . "  Using the time now to get prepared is key . When you have that many people packed in a little space , as dependent as they are on the transportation , everybody has to get informed and get better prepared . " But a survey released Friday indicated that the regions that are least likely to be prepared are urban areas in the Northeast , and many of them may be in the path of Hurricane Irene . According to a CNN/ORC International Poll , 45 % of Americans say they have a stockpile of food and water in their homes in case of a terrorist attack or a natural disaster like a hurricane or earthquake . Those figures are highest in the South and the West -- where hurricanes and earthquakes are most frequent -- but only 36 % of Northeasterners say they have emergency supplies of food and water . People who live in rural areas are also more prepared than people who live in big cities : Only 42 % in urban areas have a stockpile of food and water , compared with 51 % of rural residents . In recent days , though , public officials have made frequent media appearances and taken other steps to indicate that they are ready for the storm . That includes shutting down all public transportation in New York -- including subways , buses and commuter rails -- after noon Saturday . Gov. Andrew Cuomo has also ordered the National Guard to deploy up to 900 troops . And most bridges in and around the city will be closed to traffic if winds exceed 60 mph , as would be the case with hurricane winds in excess of 74 mph . "  The sun is shining , but do n't be misled , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday afternoon . "  There is a very dangerous storm headed in our direction . " Mandatory evacuations have been issued for some low-lying areas in all five of the city 's boroughs , including Coney Island in Brooklyn , Far Rockaway in Queens and Battery Park City on the southern tip of Manhattan . Some of those are patients in five hospitals , eight nursing homes and other medical facilities that had to be moved out by 8 p.m. Friday , per the mayor 's orders . In addition , Bloomberg said that 91 emergency facilities -- which , among other purposes , will act as shelters -- opened across the city . It 's not just Manhattan that will be tested . Flynn noted that Long Island , home of the boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn and many other communities farther east , has 7.5 million people crammed together . If it were a state unto itself , it would be the nation 's seventh largest -- and one that , likewise , is facing a hurricane warning . "  It 's an island . The only way to get off and on to it is through the two boroughs and Queens and the Bronx , and what we know is , we 're going to have a lot of outages , " Flynn said . At 3 p.m. Friday , Suffolk County ordered mandatory evacuations of barrier beach communities , particularly those on the western end of Fire Island , county spokesman Mark Smith said . Further evacuations in low-lying , beachside communities -- including parts of the Hamptons and Montauk -- could be mandated Saturday morning , he added . "  We expect long , long delays as these roads start to get jammed , " East Hampton town supervisor Bill Wilkinson said . "  We are sitting at 125 miles in the Atlantic , and there are -- from Southampton to the end of Long Island -- only two lanes . If you have to get somewhere and you want to get home , you better get on the road soon . " On Fire Island , nervous residents put away outdoor furniture , and the parking lot at Costco was filled as shoppers stuffed SUVs with bottled water and groceries . Transit systems in Philadelphia and New Jersey will also shut down Saturday , though the operators of Boston 's subway system vowed on Friday to add extra resources and stay operational through the storm . And travelers planning to fly out of any of the busy airports in the Washington and New York areas are in for a headache . Thousands of weekend flights already have been canceled . Baltimore/Washington International is "  monitoring terminal and airfield drainage , checking generators and securing any equipment that may become airborne as a result of high winds , " said Paul J. Wiedefeld , the airport 's executive director . Carriers are monitoring the weather conditions carefully and taking action . Joe Rigby , president and CEO of the power company Pepco , said that close to a thousand line personnel were getting ready to handle outages just in the Washington area . "  We 've been absolutely anticipating that this is going to hit us hard . It 's going to hit us to varying degrees , probably less so here where we are but more as you move east of our service territory going over to Atlantic City , " he said . "  But we 're anticipating that with the kind of rain and sustained wind , we 're very likely going to have some serious damage and actually multi-day outages . " The main event in Washington this weekend was supposed to be the much-awaited dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial . But as the district 's homeland security department tweeted Friday : "  The District 's focus has shifted to #Irene . That 's what 's happening in the city this weekend . "	NEW : A hurricane warning is in effect for New York and nearby locales NEW : Mandatory evacuations are ordered in parts of the city and Long Island One expert says New York is out of practice with hurricanes Millions of people could be trapped in their homes without power or transportation
CNN  -- A Rutgers University student who apparently committed suicide was the unknowing target of an internet broadcast showing him in a sexual encounter , New Jersey authorities said Wednesday . Two other Rutgers students have been charged with invasion of privacy after they allegedly placed a camera in 18-year-old Tyler Clementi 's dorm room without his knowledge and then broadcast Clementi 's sexual encounter , according to the Middlesex County prosecutor 's office . "  If the charges are true , these actions gravely violate the university 's standards of decency and humanity , " Rutgers President Richard L. McCormick said in a statement Wednesday . Your say : Invasion of privacy or cyber bullying ? Although Clementi 's body has not been found , an attorney for the Ridgewood , New Jersey , family said Wednesday , "  On behalf of the family of Tyler Clementi , I can confirm that Tyler committed suicide last week by jumping from the George Washington Bridge . " "  The family and their representatives are cooperating fully with the ongoing criminal investigations of two Rutgers University students , " attorney Paul Mainardi added . A law enforcement source confirmed with CNN that while a body has not yet been recovered , Clementi 's wallet and cell phone were found on the bridge that spans the Hudson River between New Jersey and New York . Dharun Ravi , 18 , of Plainsboro , New Jersey , and Molly Wei , 18 , of Princeton , New Jersey , are each charged with two counts of invasion of privacy for the September 19 broadcast , according to the prosecutor 's office . Two more counts of invasion of privacy were leveled against Ravi for an attempt to videotape another encounter involving Clementi on September 21 , the prosecutor 's office said . It is unclear exactly how Rutgers campus police learned that a camera had been placed in Clementi 's room and used to broadcast his encounter . Both Wei and Ravi surrendered to campus police -- Wei surrendered on Monday and was released on her own recognizance ; Ravi surrendered Tuesday and was released on $ 25,000 bail . Ravi 's attorney did not return phone calls from CNN . According to the Middlesex County prosecutor 's office , Wei apparently had not retained an attorney as of Wednesday . If convicted , both could face up to five years in prison . Police at the university , which has its main campus in New Brunswick , are investigating the case , university president McCormick said in his statement Wednesday . "  I deeply regret that today we learned from the family of one of our students that they believe their son has committed suicide . We are profoundly saddened by this report , and our hearts and prayers are with the parents , family , and friends of this young man , who had started at Rutgers this semester as a first-year student on the New Brunswick campus , " McCormick said in the statement . He added , "  While there is a lot of information being communicated , we do n't have all the facts in this case . "	Rutgers student Tyler Clementi committed suicide last week , his family says Two other students are charged with broadcasting Clementi in a sexual encounter The president of Rutgers says , "  We do n't have all the facts in this case " If true , the actions "  gravely violate the university 's standards of decency and humanity "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban claimed responsibility Tuesday for two suicide attacks on government facilities in Afghanistan that killed at least 18 people and wounded 27 others . Many of the dead were police officers . The first attack took place outside the police district administrator 's office in the Guzara district of western Herat province when three suicide bombers in an SUV tried to enter the compound , according to Saeed Agha Saqib , the provincial police chief . The bombers detonated their explosives when security forces would n't let them through . The blast killed 14 people , including three police officers , and wounded 22 others , Saqib said . In southern Helmand province , a trio of suicide bombers attacked the office of the police chief of Musa Qala district , according to Dawood Ahmadi , a spokesman for Helmand 's governor . Two of the bombers were able to blow themselves up . The third was killed by police . That attack killed four police officers and wounded five people , including the police chief , Ahmadi said . The Taliban said they were responsible for both attacks through a phone message to the media . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	The Taliban claim responsibility in a phone message to media Both attacks were on government facilities , authorities say Many of the dead were police officers , officials say Fourteen people were killed in Herat province attack , four in Helmand province
CNN  -- They were a Parisian group of artists that gave birth to the Impressionism art movement , so it is perhaps fitting that one of their devotees records the French Open with those broad brushstrokes . Year after year , Joel Blanc makes the short pilgrimage from his Paris studio to the Stade Roland Garros for the tennis year 's second grand slam , aiming to encapsulate the tournament 's magic onto his canvas . In a style reminiscent of those Impressionist forefathers , he brings to life in his paintings what he witnesses taking place in front of him on the famous red clay courts . "  When I begin the painting , I do n't know exactly what will happen but I know what I want to introduce in the beginning . After , it 's a story of life , " he told CNN 's Open Court show . "  I know how it begins , but I do n't know how it finishes . " A key principle of Impressionism was to paint outdoors rather than inside a studio , so it 's a style tailor-made to Blanc 's own way of working . It 's an approach that has won over tennis stars such as Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal -- both fans and owners of the Frenchman 's paintings -- or television companies , who invite him to cover sporting events . Making his first visit to depict the action on the main court of Philippe Chatrier in 2004 , Blanc has returned every year since , attracted by both the stadium and the French Open 's allure and charm . "  Roland Garros is my favorite place , " says the 68-year-old . "  It 's very special , it 's near to my studio , I 'm like a neighbor . "  It 's like a fascination in Paris , the time of Roland Garros in Paris is very special so there is a real attraction , " he says . "  I am very proud to be there . " The painter had to wait some time , however , before that short pilgrimage from his studio could become a reality . In the same way that the original artists of the Impressionism movement , established in Paris in the 1870s , initially drew criticism for their apparent trivial approach to art , Blanc had his own detractors -- his parents . They wanted him to forge a career as a surgeon or dentist rather than become an artist -- something that ultimately put him in good stead years down the line . "  I have to thank them for that as they obliged me not to be an artist just like that , they obliged me to learn anatomy at school , " says Blanc , who was born in Toulon in the south of France . "  But all those years of learning actually gave me the great freedom for painting -- from horses to the body , from landscape to anything I have to draw . I know the proportions , I know everything . I 'm able to do it . " From the late 1880s the public 's perception became more favorable towards the Impressionism movement , much like the trajectory of Blanc 's career . Following an education at the Ecole des Beaux Arts , Blanc first developed his passion for capturing the moment in equestrian events -- making a living out of depicting horses and their riders . And in keeping with the tradition of Impressionism , he also often found himself recreating scenes from the French countryside . It was not until far further down the line , though , at the age of 57 , that Blanc got his real break as an artist when he was invited to cover the World Athletics Championships in Paris in 2003 by French television station France 2 . "  I knew this was what I wanted to do . I was supported by the runners as I put all my body into my work , so I was like one of them , " he recalls . "  This woman asked me to finish a painting and give it to a 100-meter runner at the end , so I finished it in 10 seconds and gave it to him ! " That success prompted another invitation from France 2 to cover the following year 's French Open . "  In my work , I need to have a challenge and draw something that other people ca n't do , so I turned to sport , " he says . "  What I feel when I do this type of painting is a communion with what I draw . "  I have to be not inside  the athlete  but it 's something like communion -- my eyes and my hand . I do n't take care of my hand , it 's only a problem of mind . " Blanc , who has covered other sports such as golf and rugby , thrives on the unpredictability of capturing these instant action moments . "  Every sport has its own specialty . For example , polo ... it 's like a fight , it 's very quick and the movement of horses change in a second , " he says . "  So if you do n't decide what you want to represent , it 's like rugby , it changes very quickly . If you do n't decide quickly , you are lost . You have to clear your mind in every sport . " When Blanc first put his easel on the side of a tennis court , he was unaware of the endless possibilities that were about to unfold both on court and in his mind . "  The first time I thought , like for golf , that tennis was always the same , " he says . "  I have been painting Nadal and Federer for years and years when they were always in the final , in Monte Carlo and at Roland Garros , and I could say it 's always the same story . "  But it 's not , because there is an adaption from one to the other and the strategy of each one is very specific , and the movements then change . And the movement has to be taken in the very instant . " Sport is by nature cyclical , adds Blanc , but the same events every year bring fresh inspiration . "  If something new does n't happen then the people will be bored by that , but every time we all witness something new without fail . "	Joel Blanc paints live at the French Open every year The Frenchman first painted at Roland Garros in 2004 Blanc has also painted sports as diverse as rugby , golf and athletics
Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg spoke at a news conference Saturday about the two-pronged attack on his country the previous day -- a shooting at a youth camp that killed at least 85 , and a bomb targeting government buildings in the capital , Oslo , that killed seven . The following is a transcript of his speech : Last night , it became apparent that what happened at the Labour Youth League summer camp on Utøya yesterday was a national tragedy . Not since the Second World War has the country experienced such an atrocity . At least 80 young people have been killed on Utøya . We have also lost some of our colleagues in the government offices . It is incomprehensible . It is like a nightmare . A nightmare for the young people who have been killed . For their families . Mothers , fathers , brothers and sisters who have been brutally confronted with death . But also for the survivors and their families . Every single person on Utøya has been marked for life . Young people have experienced things that no one should have to experience . Fear , blood and death . I am unable to express with words how deeply I feel with all who have been hit . Today -- in a few hours ' time -- I should have been at Utøya to meet these young people . Many of them are no longer alive . For me , Utøya is the paradise of my youth that yesterday turned into hell . Now we have to do all we can to support and help those who have been stricken by grief . Many people are still working to save lives . I visited Oslo University Hospital last night and applauded the outstanding work the health personnel are doing there . We also extend our thanks to the teams of police and firemen , and many others who are doing a tremendous job . Volunteers have also offered their help . Everyone is doing an impressive job . I appreciate this . We all feel a need to contribute , talk together and take care of each other . Last night , I talked to the leader of the Labour Youth League Eskil Pedersen . He is doing everything he can to comfort and assist everyone who has been hit . Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Støre and Minister of Culture Anniken Huitfeldt were at Sundvollen last night and in the early hours to support the young people arriving from Utøya and their families . Many people are still waiting for answers . Later today , I will go to Sundvollen to meet these young people and their families . Early this morning , there will be a meeting of ministers who are most immediately affected , and the whole Government will meet later today . Flags will be flown at half mast today to reflect the grief of the whole nation over this terrible tragedy .	Friday shooting rampage at youth camp "  a national tragedy , " says Norwegian prime minister Jens Stoltenberg calls the shooting and Oslo explosion "  incomprehensible " He thanks medical workers , police , firefighters , volunteers for their work "  We all feel a need to contribute , talk together and take care of each other , " he says
CNN  -- Fox News host Bill O'Reilly says his review of famed Harlem restaurant Sylvia 's is being taken out of context and was not racist . Fox News host Bill O'Reilly says his comments about a Harlem restaurant have been taken out of context . On his September 19 radio show , O'Reilly said he took civil rights leader Al Sharpton to the Lenox Avenue fixture and "  could n't get over the fact that there was no difference between Sylvia 's Restaurant and any other restaurant in New York City . " "  I mean , it was exactly the same , even though it 's run by blacks , primarily black patronship , " he told listeners . "  It was the same , and that 's really what this society 's all about now here in the U.S.A. There 's no difference . " And later , speaking with National Public Radio correspondent and Fox analyst Juan Williams , O'Reilly said there "  was n't any kind of craziness at all " during his dinner with Sharpton : "  There was n't one person in Sylvia 's who was screaming , 'M . F.-er , I want more iced tea . ' " "  It was like going into an Italian restaurant in an all-white suburb in the sense that people were sitting there and they were ordering and just having fun , " he continued . Watch reaction to O'Reilly 's comments " The comments , part of a broader discussion on the persistence of prejudice in American society , were circulated by Media Matters for America , a left-leaning media watchdog group that has been highly critical of O'Reilly . Other media organizations then picked up the comments . But on his Fox News television program Tuesday night , O'Reilly said the remarks were being distorted . "  Anybody who listened to it ... would , I think , have appreciated the discussion for being an exposition of why people are afraid not only of blacks but of everybody they do n't know , " he said . Elsewhere in the September 19 program , O'Reilly said he was trying to reassure whites -- such as his grandmother , whom he said had an "  irrational fear " of blacks -- that rap-star stereotypes of African-Americans "  are not true . " "  This is what white America does n't know , particularly people who do n't have a lot of interaction with black Americans , " he said . "  They think the culture is dominated by Twista , Ludacris and Snoop Dogg . " Williams defended O'Reilly during O'Reilly 's Tuesday night show . He said portraying O'Reilly 's comments as racist was "  rank dishonesty . " "  It 's outrageous , because the discussion we had was about how too often the images on TV are these rappers glorifying drugs , glorifying violence , degrading women , " Williams said . But Suzan Johnson Cook , a former Clinton administration official , said O'Reilly sounded surprised that a black crowd was so civil . "  Was he expecting people to be jumping all over the place ? " she said on CNN 's "  Out in the Open " on Tuesday . "  It 's very sad that , in 2007 , a man who influences so many people , number one , has that kind of ignorance , who has not been exposed to our culture . " And Sharpton , who is scheduled to appear on O'Reilly 's television program Wednesday night , said he has had dinner with the voluble host twice . He told CNN that O'Reilly "  said nothing at dinner that time or the time before that was offensive to me . " "  I do n't know the whole context of it , " he said . "  What I 've read was certainly not complimentary . And I think that if I said that -- anything halfway like that -- about other races , people would not take it as complimentary and they 'd jump all over me -- probably some of his colleagues at Fox . "  But at the same time , I 've been quoted out of context , " he continued . "  That 's why I want to ask him what was the context . " Sharpton said he was already scheduled to appear on O'Reilly 's program to discuss the "  Jena 6 , " the black Louisiana teens charged with beating a white classmate amid racial tensions in a small town . "  I happen to think the future of the criminal justice system is a little more important than me and Bill O'Reilly having dinner in Harlem , " he said . In a written statement , Bill Shine , Fox 's vice president for programming , added , "  This is nothing more than left-wing outlets stirring up false racism accusations for ratings . It 's sad . " E-mail to a friend	Fox News Host Bill O'Reilly says his comments about restaurant were distorted Said Harlem restaurant was "  exactly the same " as those in white neighborhoods O'Reilly visited famed restaurant Sylvia 's with civil rights leader Al Sharpton Sharpton : O'Reilly "  said nothing at dinner ... that was offensive to me "
CNN  -- Gary Ridgway , the confessed "  Green River Killer , " pleaded guilty Friday to a 49th slaying -- that of a 20-year-old mother more than 28 years ago . The arraignment and plea took place at the Maleng Regional Justice Center in Kent . Authorities filed an aggravated murder charge against Ridgway related to the slaying of Becky Marrero , whose remains were uncovered last December by teens exploring a steep ravine near the town of Auburn . The count is the first filed against Ridgway since he admitted to serial killings in 2003 . "  The Marreros have the right to face the man who killed Becky and the opportunity to remind us all about what was taken from them , " King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg said before the plea . "  They finally have the answers , and with these charges and the anticipated guilty plea , they will have obtained the truth , accountability and ... a degree of justice . " The most prolific known serial killer in U.S. history , Ridgway is already serving 48 consecutive life sentences for murdering women . Forty-six of the bodies were found near Seattle -- which is part of King County -- while two were in Washington County , Oregon . In a plea deal dating to November 2003 , when he was sentenced on 48 counts of aggravated murder , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty against Ridgway if he agreed to "  plead guilty to any and all future cases  in King County  where his confession could be corroborated by reliable evidence , " Satterberg said . "  Ridgway confessed to killing Becky Marrero , but he was unable to provide sufficient details to warrant a charge , " Satterberg said . "  The discovery of Ms. Marrero 's remains now gives us the evidence we need to file this charge . " Once he entered the guilty plea , Ridgway was given a 49th life sentence and returned to his prison cell at the Washington State Penitentiary in Walla Walla . Ridgway may still face the death penalty if convicted of murder outside King County . Satterberg said his predecessor , Norm Maleng , opted to eliminate that option in King County in hopes of resolving more cold cases . "  When the late Norm Maleng made the difficult decision in 2003 to trade the possibility of the death penalty for the truth about unsolved cases , he had cases like this one and families like the Marreros in mind , " Satterberg said . "  It was n't about what Gary Ridgway deserved . ... It was about what the families ' deserved . " Marrero left her 3-year-old daughter with her aunt on December 3 , 1982 , headed toward Seattle 's Sea-Tac airport , and was never seen alive again . Satterberg offered few details about the victim , beyond that she "  was in an area engaged in activities that made her vulnerable to crime ,  and  particularly to Mr. Ridgway 's method of operating . " Her remains were found about 100 feet away from where searchers in 2003 found another of Ridgway 's victims , according to Satterberg . The Green River Task Force had made periodic visits to the area over the past seven years , but found nothing new , he said . Ridgway was arrested in 2001 in King County and accused in the murders of five women . Two years later , when prosecutors were preparing seven separate murder cases , he offered to confess to those seven and 41 other murders . The "  Green River Killer " moniker came from a river south of Seattle where Ridgway began dumping his victims in 1982 . Most of the women were prostitutes , officials say . Ridgway has said he targeted prostitutes "  because I thought I could kill as many as I wanted without getting caught . " He said he killed because he hated prostitutes and did n't want to pay them for sex , and claimed he killed so many women he had a hard time keeping them straight . While not indicating any news on the horizon , Satterberg did not close the door to further murder charges against Ridgway . "  It 's quite possible that more remains will be found someday , " Satterberg said .	NEW : Gary Ridgway was sentenced to his 49th consecutive life sentence NEW : Ridgway could face the death penalty if he is ever convicted of murder outside King County Ridgway , the "  Green River Killer , " in 2003 pleaded guilty to the murders of 48 women He had confessed to killing Marrero , but her remains were n't found until last December
CNN  -- Missouri death row inmate Russell Bucklew 's rare birth defect will make his execution , slated for just after midnight Wednesday , an "  excruciating " process , his lawyer says . And she hopes to prove it by videotaping her client 's death , a motion a federal court has denied . In what would be the first execution since Oklahoma 's botched procedure last month , Russell Bucklew is schedule to die at 1:01 a.m. ET at Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre . In their request for a stay , filed Tuesday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit , Bucklew 's attorneys say he could suffer a "  prolonged and excruciating execution " because of his birth defect , known as cavernous hemangioma . A U.S. District Court judge on Monday declined to stay the execution , along with the request that the procedure be videotaped . "  If Missouri officials are confident enough to execute Russell Bucklew , they should be confident enough to videotape it . It is time to raise the curtain on lethal injections , " said defense attorney Cheryl Pilate . Bucklew , who turned 46 last week , is already in pain , as his condition includes unstable tumors in his head and neck , causing him to bleed regularly from his mouth , nose , eyes and ears , Pilate said . Dr. Joel Zivot of Emory University filed an affidavit in the case saying that Bucklew 's airway is so "  severely compromised and obstructed , " especially when he 's lying flat , that it could easily be ruptured , raising the risk that Bucklew could choke or suffocate . "  If you touch it , it bleeds , " Zivot wrote of Bucklew 's airway . In 1997 , a jury convicted Bucklew of first degree murder , kidnapping , and first degree burglary and recommended the death sentence , court documents show . He was accused of fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend 's presumed new boyfriend , Michael Sanders , and firing at Sanders ' son , 6 , before kidnapping Stephanie Ray Pruitt . After raping his ex-girlfriend , he became involved in a gunfight with authorities , during which Bucklew and a Missouri state trooper were injured , according to court documents . Controversy over lethal injections has been brewing in recent years after European manufacturers -- including the Denmark-based manufacturer of pentobarbital -- banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . In 2009 , the U.S.-based manufacturer of sodium thiopental , a drug also commonly used in executions , stopped making the painkiller . Many states have scrambled to find substitutes from overseas or have used American-based compounding pharmacies to create substitutes . Attorneys for death row inmates in several states have flooded the court system , arguing correctional facilities ' secrecy over where and how they obtain drugs is unconstitutional and violates the Eighth Amendment 's "  cruel and unusual " punishment clause . Last month , Oklahoma used a new three-drug lethal injection protocol to execute convicted murderer and rapist Clayton Lockett , but his vein collapsed and he died of an apparent heart attack . A full investigation and autopsy results are still pending , but witnesses said they saw Lockett struggling to speak as he convulsed and writhed on the gurney . Previously , Oklahoma inmate Michael Lee Wilson said during his January execution , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Wilson was executed using a cocktail that included pentobarbital , as was Texas ' Jose Luis Villegas , who also complained of a burning sensation during his April execution . Also in Texas , Robert James Campbell 's attorneys challenged the state 's plan to administer pentobarbital to their client . A federal court stayed his execution last week -- not because of the drugs Texas planned to use , but because his defense team deserved more time to make the case that Campbell was intellectually disabled . On Monday , the Georgia Supreme Court weighed in on the issue , reversing a stay of execution for inmate Warren Lee Hill after his attorneys argued last year that a statute keeping the compounders of lethal injection drugs "  a confidential state secret " was unconstitutional . "  We hold that it is not , " Justice P. Harris Hines wrote in the 33-page majority opinion . He said the reason for keeping such information private is "  obvious , including avoiding the risk of harassment or some other form of retaliation from persons related to the prisoners or from others in the community who might disapprove of the execution as well as simply offering those willing to participate whatever comfort or peace of mind that anonymity might offer . "	Convicted murderer Russell Bucklew is scheduled to be executed in Missouri after midnight Attorneys want the execution videotaped as evidence that Bucklew suffered in process Judge has denied motion for stay , saying that Bucklew could suffer from birth defect Lethal injection cocktails have sparked numerous appeals as drug supplies dried up
The family of slain American hostage Steven Sotloff believes ISIS paid as much as $ 50,000 to rebels who alerted the militant group that the journalist had entered Syria , a spokesman told CNN . The family had learned from "  sources on the ground " that a member of a moderate rebel group reached out to ISIS , Barak Barfi told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday . "  Somebody at the border crossing made a phone call to ISIS , and they set up a fake checkpoint with many people , " Barfi said . "  Steve and his people that he went in with could not escape . " Barfi said the tipster was one of "  the so-called moderate rebels that people want our administration to support . " So how much was the tip worth ? Sotloff 's whereabouts were sold for "  something between " $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 , Barfi said . ` False ' accusations Sotloff , a 31-year-old freelance journalist , disappeared during a reporting trip to Syria in August 2013 . Barfi said he last spoke to his friend the day he disappeared . "  Minutes before he was kidnapped , he called me from inside Syria to tell me that he was in , " Barfi said . Sotloff was supposedly turned over because his name was on a list of people responsible for a hospital bombing , his friend said . "  This was false . Activists spread his name around , " Barfi told Cooper . In fact , "  Steve loved the Arab and Islamic world , and he wanted to bring their suffering to the world stage , " Barfi said . "  He believed that everybody was created equal , and the people in the Arab and Islamic world were n't terrorists , they were just people like you and me . " Who might have sold Sotloff out ? A senior administration official said there is no evidence to support the notion that Sotloff was in the custody of the moderate Syrian opposition at any time . Syrian opposition officials , after consulting with their sources and activists on the ground , also deny the story . But the Syrian opposition is made up of some 12 different rebel groups -- some moderate , some extreme , and some in between -- a key reason why U.S. President Barack Obama has resisted arming rebels in any significant way . Was the beheading preventable ? The gruesome video of an ISIS militant decapitating Sotloff spurred international outrage at ISIS , the Islamist terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . The group is trying to establish strict Islamist rule over swaths of Syria and Iraq and has captured cities in both countries . But that video was n't the first time Sotloff was featured in an ISIS message . Sotloff appeared in the earlier decapitation video of James Foley , another American journalist who was beheaded by an ISIS militant . In that video , which was released August 19 , a militant said Sotloff 's life depended on what Obama did next . "  Once Steve appeared in that video , the Sotloff family made one simple request of the administration -- and they were rebuffed on that , " Barfi told CNN . He declined to elaborate on the request , citing the safety of those who are still being held hostage . He said the relationship between the Sotloff family and the White House was "  very strained . " "  We do not believe they gave us the cooperation  the family needed  , " he said . A senior administration official said U.S. policy is to use "  all of our military , intelligence , law enforcement and diplomatic capabilities to bring Americans home safely . "  While we were not able to bring Steven home to his family , that is what we did in his case and what we continue to do in the case of those still being held by  ISIS  and by other groups around the world , " the source said . The official said among its efforts , the administration reached out to more than two dozens countries asking for help "  from anyone who may have the influence or information that could assist in securing the release of American citizens behind held hostage in Syria . " But Barfi also criticized the release of information about an unsuccessful U.S. commando raid this summer that attempted to free Foley , Sotloff and others . "  We know that the intelligence community and the White House are enmeshed in a larger game of bureaucratic infighting , and Jim and Steve are pawns in that game . And that 's not fair , " Barfi said . "  If there continues to be leaks , the Sotloff family will have to speak out to set the record straight . " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said the administration is still committed to the cases of Sotloff and Foley . "  We understand the very real pain the Sotloff family is feeling at this time . Our thoughts and prayers are with them as they grieve Steven 's loss , " Hayden said . "  We condemn the murders of Steven and Jim Foley and we remain committed to bringing the perpetrators of these crimes to justice . " Up to $ 10 million reward A group of bipartisan senators introduced a bill Monday that would authorize up to $ 10 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the Foley and Sotloff abductions and beheadings . "  James Foley and Steven Sotloff nobly risked their lives in the pursuit of truth , and the United States will not stand idly by after two of its own were brutally murdered at the hands of fundamentally evil and freedom-hating extremists , " Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , said in a statement . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-New Hampshire , echoed that sentiment . "  James and Steven contributed greatly to the world through their reporting , and we must vigorously pursue those responsible for their murders . "	Syrian opposition officials say the moderate opposition did n't have Sotloff Family spokesman : A rebel phoned ISIS and said Sotloff had entered Syria Video of Sotloff 's beheading came after another American was decapitated Senators introduce a bill that would authorize a reward of up to $ 10 million
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Talk of "  bloodcurdling screams " and shots in the night took center stage Monday in the first day of testimony in the murder trial of South African amputee track star Oscar Pistorius , who killed his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , last year . "  Something terrible was happening at that house , " Michelle Burger testified . "  Her shouts , her screams were petrifying , " she said later . Burger was the only witness Monday in a trial that is expected to last a few weeks . Testimony was scheduled to resume Tuesday morning . Under questioning by prosecutors , Burger told the court that she heard a woman 's screams and a man yelling for help . "  Just after 3 , I woke up from a woman 's terrible screams , " she said . "  Then I also heard a man screaming for help . Three times he yelled for help . " Burger said her husband called authorities . She later told her husband that she feared the woman had witnessed her husband being shot "  because after he screamed , we did n't hear him . " Language issues caused problems after the lunch break , as defense attorney Barry Roux pressed Burger on her account during cross-examination . She frequently had to help her Afrikaans interpreter translate her words into English , and eventually dropped speaking in her native tongue altogether . Roux questioned Burger 's timeline of events and what she heard , asking if the "  bang " sounds she heard might not have been gunshots , but rather a cricket bat bashing at a bathroom door . She answered that she had clearly heard gunshots , testily answering Roux 's questions about timing , saying she "  did n't sit there with a stopwatch and take down the timing of each shot . " Roux also suggested that the screams she had interpreted as being a woman 's might have been the high-pitched screams of a terrified Pistorius . "  I 'm 100 % certain I heard two different people that evening , " she responded . He also faces weapons charges As the trial began , Pistorius pleaded not guilty to murdering Steenkamp inside his house a year ago . He also pleaded not guilty to several weapons-related charges . It 's expected to take about three weeks for Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa to hear the case and decide whether Pistorius mistook Steenkamp for a burglar , as he says , or killed her in cold blood . South Africa abolished jury trials in 1969 . Pistorius faces one charge of premeditated murder and a firearms charge associated with Steenkamp 's killing , as well as two separate gun indictments from 2012 . In one incident , he is accused of shooting a 9 mm handgun out of the sunroof of his car . In the other , authorities say he illegally fired a Glock 27 in an outdoor cafe in 2012 . A friend of the sprinter told CNN that Pistorius was showing the gun to a friend when it accidentally went off . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence , with a minimum of 25 years . He also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for the firearms charge . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of "  culpable homicide , " a crime based on negligence , and could be looking at up to 15 years on that charge , experts say . LIVE UPDATES : Pistorius on trial for murder Parts of Pistorius ' trial are being televised live -- a first in South Africa -- after a judge 's decision last week allowing cameras in the courtroom . But witnesses have the option of not having their images televised . Burger took that option , and only her voice was broadcast . June Steenkamp , Reeva Steenkamp 's mother , was in the courtroom for Monday 's testimony , marking the first time she had laid eyes on Pistorius in person . The two had never met before . Steenkamp 's parents have avoided previous court appearances because they wanted privacy . Pistorius ' brother and sister were also present for Monday 's proceedings . Dream couple Pistorius , now 27 , and Steenkamp , 29 , were a young , attractive , high-profile couple popular in South Africa 's social circles . Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " because of the special prostheses he uses while running , won six Paralympic gold medals and became the first double amputee runner to compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . Personal essay : What my son taught me about Oscar Pistorius Cover girl Steenkamp , who was soon to star in a TV reality show , was on the cusp of becoming a celebrity in her own right . Everything changed before dawn on Valentine 's Day 2013 , as Steenkamp lay lifeless in a pool of blood on the floor of her boyfriend 's house in an upscale gated community in Pretoria . Moments before , Pistorius says , he had pointed his 9 mm pistol toward an upstairs toilet room and fired four bullets through the locked door . INTERACTIVE : Explore each side 's argument Murder , or tragic mistake ? The sprinter 's lawyers will argue he was a man deeply in love with his girlfriend who made a terrible mistake . In court documents , Pistorius has said he heard a noise from the bathroom in the middle of the night and -- feeling vulnerable without his prosthetic legs on -- charged toward the bathroom on his stumps . He has said he shot through the toilet door in order to protect himself and Steenkamp . "  I felt a sense of terror rushing over me , " he said in his court affidavit . "  There are no burglar bars across the bathroom window and I knew that contractors who worked at my house had left the ladders outside . " "  It filled me with horror and fear of an intruder or intruders being inside the toilet . I thought he or they must have entered through the unprotected window . As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . " Prosecutors are painting a different picture . They say the pair had an argument and that Steenkamp locked herself in the toilet . At last year 's bail hearing , the state said Pistorius put on his prosthetic legs , collected his gun from under the bed and walked down the hall leading from the bedroom to the bathroom before unloading a flurry of shots through the door . Pistorius is not claiming self-defense ; he is claiming to have been mistaken about his need for self-defense . He is denying that he intentionally , unlawfully killed Steenkamp . He has never denied killing her . The case has put the spotlight on South Africa 's rampant gun violence and high crime rates . Roughly 45 people are murdered every day , according to police statistics , and the number of home burglaries is up 70 % in the last decade . In 2012 , more than half of South Africans told the country 's police force that they were afraid of having their homes broken into . In his affidavit , Pistorius said he had been the victim of violence and burglaries before , including death threats . The trial has also divided opinion in South Africa . Many of his fans find it difficult to believe a national hero could be capable of the crime he 's been charged with . Others find his version of events that night implausible , and point to troubling details that the case has dredged up about Pistorius ' past . Since the shooting Pistorius has shied away from the spotlight since the shooting and his release from jail after a highly publicized hearing . He lives at his uncle Arnold Pistorius ' house in Pretoria , and although video surfaced last year of him training , he has not officially returned to the track . Support from his family has been unwavering . "  We have no doubt there is no substance to the allegation and that the state 's own case , including its own forensic evidence , strongly refutes any possibility of a premeditated murder or indeed any murder at all , " Arnold Pistorius said . Steenkamp 's family , meanwhile , has tried to focus on Reeva 's memory -- not on the media and legal circus unfolding in Pretoria . Her parents are seeking "  closure , and to know that our daughter did not suffer on that tragic Valentine 's Day , " June and Barry Steenkamp said last month . "  It 's not about the court case , " her uncle , Mike Steenkamp , told CNN . "  It 's about Reeva , and Reeva can never be part of it . " At the same time , Mike Steenkamp said seeing Pistorius at the trial may bring at least some closure to what has been a harrowing year for the family . "  I would like to be face to face with him and forgive him , forgive him for what he 's done . That way I can then probably find more peace . " CNN 's Richard A. Greene reported from Pretoria , South Africa , and Nick Thompson reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Ashley Fantz and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	First day of trial ends with defense lawyer hammering at witness testimony Oscar Pistorius ' neighbor describes "  bloodcurdling screams " Pistorius shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp at his Pretoria home last year The double amputee Paralympic and Olympic sprinter says he mistook her for a burglar
CNN  -- Left-leaning Ollanta Humala won the Peruvian presidential runoff Monday , ending a hard-fought campaign during which he promised to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor . Though vote-counting continued , his opponent , Keiko Fujimori , conceded defeat , according to state news . Humala had previously claimed victory at a nighttime rally in downtown Lima on Sunday . "  The nation will only advance if the Peruvian family advances , " he said to throngs of cheering supporters in the city 's Dos de Mayo square . He vowed to create a unity government and said he would focus on helping the country 's most vulnerable . Humala also addressed the need to improve the nation 's infrastructure , water , sanitation and education , particularly in rural areas . Those were promises he had made repeatedly throughout the campaign that set Humala , an ex-army officer , against Fujimori , a right-wing lawmaker and the daughter of a former president who is currently in prison on a 25-year sentence for human rights abuses . With more than 90 % of ballots counted Monday , Humala had 51.5 % of the vote , versus Fujimori 's 48.5 % , according to the county 's official electoral body . His all-but-certain victory earlier in the day sent shocks through Peru 's stock market . It closed early Monday after its general index fell more than 12.5 % -- its biggest one-day drop ever . Mining stocks , in particular , suffered . "  This activity in the market is directly linked to the electoral process . Trust  in the new government  seems to be the issue , " said Daniel Romero , a financial analyst at Sociedad Agente de Bolsa in Lima . "  The selling is being led mostly by foreign investors , " he added . "  They 're the most sensitive because they do n't know what has been going on politically here in Peru . " Romero urged Humala to move quickly in naming a new finance minister after he takes office on July 28 For months , the candidacy of Humala , a past ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , has made some investors uneasy . They fear he could introduce higher taxes and redirect policies that have helped to push economic growth . In a recent interview with CNN en Espanol , Humala denied his goal was a Chavez-style social revolution in Peru . "  When we speak about revolution , we 're speaking about a revolution in education , which is something fundamental , " Humala said . "  We have to build our own future . We believe that the Venezuelan model does n't apply in Peru . " Pollsters in Peru had said Sunday that Humala looked likely to win the presidency , and election officials said the partial results were somewhat skewed in favor of Lima and other urban areas . Rural regions , where Humala was expected to perform best , were slower to report . The runoff election was a face-off between two candidates with little in common . Humala , 48 , narrowly lost a 2006 election bid , in part because many saw him as a close ally of Venezuela 's Chavez , intent on turning the country to the left . That 's a point his rival , 36-year-old Fujimori , hammered on throughout her campaign . At a closing rally last week in Paseo Colon , a historic avenue in the capital Lima , Fujimori went on the offensive as she addressed a crowd of thousands . "  There are recordings and witnesses that prove that this gentleman is a good soldier of Chavez , " she said to cheering crowds . "  I am not going to allow other countries to interfere in the sovereignty of our country . I 'm going to defend it ! " Humala , a former army officer linked to a 2000 military uprising , has tried to distance himself from such perceptions , swapping his trademark red T-shirts for suits . Like her opponent , Fujimori was forced to answer uncomfortable questions about her past during this year 's election . She is the daughter of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori , who is currently in prison on a 25-year sentence for human rights crimes . Many Peruvians credit the elder Fujimori with defeating insurgencies that ravaged the South American nation for years and for enacting economic reforms that stabilized the Peruvian economy . However , he is also criticized for corruption , having an authoritarian streak and the widespread rights abuses that were committed under his watch . During the campaign , protesters accused his daughter of planning to grant the former president amnesty if she won , as she said she might do in a 2008 interview . She later backed away from those remarks . Centrist candidates , including former President Alejandro Toledo , former Lima Mayor Luis Castaneda and former Finance Minister Pedro Pablo Kuczynski , cannibalized each others ' votes during the first round of voting in April . In that round , Humala garnered more than 30 % of the vote , while Fujimori ended slightly above 23 % . Under Peruvian law , only the top two contenders advance to a second round . After the elimination of the more centrist candidates in April , Peru 's 2010 Nobel literary laureate Mario Vargas Llosa , a former presidential candidate himself , described the race as a choice between "  terminal cancer and AIDS . " Andrea Stiglich , a member of the Economist Intelligence Unit team of Latin American analysts , said the election was a triumph of extremes . "  This election was meant to be the election of a centrist policy continuity candidate , and what we have is a first round that has yielded a result between two extremes in the left and the right , " she said before the second-round vote . Current Peruvian President Alan Garcia was not permitted to run for a consecutive term . "  I will get behind whoever wins , " he said on Sunday before voting closed . "  The task  of running the country  is not easy and they  will  need everyone 's support . " The new president will face many of the same challenges Garcia did : Persistent poverty , protests around the rights to natural resources and violence from remnants of a leftist insurgency that helped to make Peru the world 's largest producer of coca , the raw ingredient of cocaine . On the eve of the election , five soldiers were killed in an attack in the country 's southern province of Cusco , state news said . They were reportedly on their way to provide local police with additional security for the election when they were ambushed . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Ollanta Humala 's opponent , Keiko Fujimori , concedes , state news reports NEW : With more than 90 % of the ballots counted , Humala has 51.5 % of the vote NEW : The Peruvian stock market dropped on news of Humala 's likely victory NEW : Humala has promised to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor
Washington  CNN  -- Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan has cooperated properly with congressional investigators looking into the prostitution scandal in Colombia last month before President Barack Obama 's visit , influential House members said Wednesday . Rep. Peter King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said Sullivan provided answers to 50 questions from his panel about the controversy in Cartagena that embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old agency and raised concerns of a possible security breach . "  I got the answers back last night , and I would say the answers were very detailed , " King said on CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien . " In addition , King said , Sullivan notified the Homeland Security Department 's inspector general when the scandal became public in mid-April , "  which showed that he wanted a real investigation . " Also Wednesday , the House Oversight Committee 's leading members said Sullivan provided a "  detailed response " to their separate list of questions about the incident . "  Director Sullivan 's cooperation with our oversight efforts underscores his commitment to understand the extent of the problem and ensure that this unacceptable conduct does not occur again , " said a statement by the panel 's chairman , Darrel Issa , R-California , and ranking Democrat , Elijah Cummings of Maryland . Even Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , a frequent critic of government resistance to congressional oversight , praised Sullivan 's response to his request for details of any possible involvement of White House advance team staff in the scandal . Grassley is demanding that the White House turn over all details of an internal review that found no wrongdoing by advance staff members , and he renewed his call Wednesday after receiving Sullivan 's response that the Secret Service inquiry did n't involve White House records . "  Since the Secret Service did not request the records of the White House personnel , an open and transparent response from the president 's counsel is even more imperative , " Grassley said in a statement . "  Unfortunately , more than a week after my inquiry , I 've yet to hear from anybody at the White House . I appreciate the Secret Service 's transparency in response to Congress , even with sensitive information . " King said Tuesday night that Sullivan 's answers to his committee 's questions disclosed that three of the 12 Secret Service agents involved in the scandal had refused to cooperate with authorities and submit to a polygraph test . The three agents were among the first forced out of the service when news of the scandal in Cartagena broke , King said . The nine remaining agents took polygraph tests , and although none of them failed , some responses led to the loss of several jobs , he added . On Wednesday morning , King said that no security breach occurred from the Secret Service agents consorting with foreign prostitutes in their hotel rooms shortly before Obama 's arrival in Cartagena for last month 's Summit of the Americas . "  We know that it appears that no material was obtained by any of the prostitutes . Nothing is missing . All the BlackBerrys are accounted for . There was no president 's schedule available , " King said . "  It does not appear that any of the 12 women had any involvement other than prostitution , " King added . "  They were not working for any narco-terrorist organization , and I think in a way the Secret Service has ducked a bullet . " Still , King said , the incident "  goes against all the principles of the Secret Service . " "  Because it was disclosed and there was no long-term security matter here , it gives the Secret Service the opportunity to clear up what has happened , do all it can to make sure it never happens again or at least minimizes it to make it very , very difficult for it to ever happen again , " he said . While King did not provide CNN copies of the responses -- which he said are marked "  law enforcement sensitive " -- he highlighted several details Tuesday night . Among other things , one agent said in the polygraph test that he was "  actively engaged " with one of the prostitutes when she wanted to get paid , King said . In response , the agent threw her out of his room . The agent told U.S. officials he did n't realize the woman was a prostitute , and he has not been fired . U.S. officials have interviewed 10 of the 12 women involved in the scandal , King noted . The Secret Service and Colombian authorities are trying to track down the remaining two . King said there were n't many surprises in the responses to his questionnaire . "  Sullivan was giving us good information all along , " he said . The top legislators on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee said Tuesday that they 've also sent a letter to Sullivan asking for information on the incident . A total of nine agents have resigned or are in the process of being forced out , while three other Secret Service agents were cleared of serious misconduct . A source familiar with the investigation told CNN on Wednesday that money changed hands between nine Secret Service members and nine prostitutes . The military is investigating the alleged involvement of 12 of its service members . Issa and Cummings also have asked Defense Secretary Leon Panetta to provide details of the military investigation by May 8 . Two other congressional committees are looking into the scandal , as well as the Homeland Security inspector general , while the Secret Service and the White House have conducted internal reviews . On Monday , Homeland Security acting Inspector General Charles Edwards announced his investigation of the incident , saying the "  field work is beginning immediately . " The Senate Judiciary Committee questioned Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the controversy at a hearing last week . On Tuesday , Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who chairs the Senate Homeland Security Committee , and ranking Republican Sen. Susan Collins said they sent Sullivan a letter Monday that also sought answers about what happened . "  We wish to determine whether those events were indicative of a pattern of behavior by agents or officers of the Secret Service and need to be addressed systemically or if they instead constituted an isolated incident warranting action only with respect to the individuals involved , " said the letter from Lieberman and Collins . The U.S. Southern Command expects to finish questioning the 12 military personnel implicated in possible wrongdoing this week before forwarding its findings to military lawyers for review and then to Gen. Douglas Fraser , commanding general of the U.S. Southern Command , a Defense Department official said Monday . Last week , the Secret Service distributed new rules for its agents on assignment intended to prevent a repeat of such alleged misconduct , according to two government sources familiar with the resulting investigation . Enhanced Standards of Conduct , the new guidelines given to all Secret Service personnel , make clear that standards of behavior required in the United States apply on missions abroad , the sources said . Effective immediately , the new standards require detailed briefings before each trip that will include safety precautions and any necessary designations of establishments and areas that are "  off-limits " for Secret Service personnel , the sources said . Also in the new standards , foreigners are banned from Secret Service hotel rooms at all times , except for hotel staff and host nation law enforcement and government officials on official business , according to the officials , and all Secret Service personnel are prohibited from going to a "  nonreputable establishment . " The new standards specify that U.S. laws apply to Secret Service personnel when traveling , rendering invalid the excuse that specific activity is legal in the foreign country , the officials said . In addition , the new guidelines allow moderate alcohol consumption when off duty but prohibit alcohol consumption within 10 hours of reporting for duty or at any time when at the hotel where the protected official is staying , the officials explained . An additional supervisor from the Office of Professional Responsibility will now accompany the "  jump teams " that bring vehicles for motorcades and other transportation , the officials said . Agents involved in the Colombia incident were part of such a jump team . Allegations of further transgressions by agents have emerged after the initial reports of heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes last month before Obama arrived in Cartagena . Recent claims include an account from El Salvador described by CNN Seattle affiliate KIRO as very similar to the Colombia scandal , involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies . However , Panetta said last week that his department is not investigating any of its troops over the reported incident in El Salvador , while State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said Embassy staff in El Salvador were being questioned about the allegations . The Drug Enforcement Administration also is prepared to look into , "  in an appropriate manner and immediately , " allegations that it deems "  credible " regarding its agents in El Salvador , spokesman Rusty Payne said . But he added that , while the DEA had seen news reports , "  we are unaware of any allegations of misconduct . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Dana Bash , Richard Allen Greene , Carol Cratty , Ed Payne , Ted Barrett and John King contributed to this report .	Grassley renews his call for the White House to release full records Rep. Peter King says no security breach occurred Twenty-four people are linked to the prostitution scandal The incident happened before a presidential trip to the Summit of the Americas in Colombia
CNN  -- Dozens of people have died in Pakistan and India 's northern Rajasthan state amid flash floods and landslides caused by heavy monsoon rains , officials said Thursday . At least 21 deaths are confirmed in Pakistan , said Maj. Iftikhar Ahmed Taj of the National Disaster Management Authority . Hundreds of homes have been damaged in the flooding , which has hit parts of Punjab , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , and Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , he said . Rescue workers are seeking to deal with a major landslide in the Kashmiri city of Muzaffarabad , according to the disaster agency . Roads are blocked , some 390 houses have been damaged and an unknown number of people are dead and injured , the agency said . Some families trapped by the landslide have been given emergency food and water supplies . Elsewhere in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , seven people were killed in Bagh by a flash flood and a landslide , while more than 100 houses were damaged in Koti , the disaster agency said . More rainfall is on the way in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , Punjab , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , some isolated places in northeast Balochistan , and the country 's capital , Islamabad , according to the agency . Clean-up also was under way Thursday in neighboring India , where heavy rain in Rajasthan left 20 dead , the Rajasthan state department told CNN . Ten died in the capital , Jaipur , it said . Relief work is under way to help the hundreds of people made homeless by the flooding , which followed three or four days of heavy rain , the state department said . Rajasthan Gov. Margaret Alva visited the affected area Thursday and spoke with people living in the slums of Madrampura Basti , the local government said in a statement . She directed local authorities to make sure water is pumped out of people 's homes and food and drinking water are made available , it said . Meanwhile , Pakistani Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf expressed his regret to those affected by the floods . He released a statement directing government agencies to monitor river levels and take action to prevent any from bursting their banks . The prime minister also instructed authorities to check that the early warning system for people living near rivers is kept up to date , and urged disaster management agencies to ensure they are fully prepared to respond . Devastating India floods leave 95 dead , millions homeless	Large areas of Pakistan are hit by flooding and landslides after heavy rain At least 21 people are confirmed dead , says disaster official Maj. Iftikhar Ahmed Taj Hundreds of homes have been damaged , as well as roads and bridges Officials in Rajasthan , in northern India , say 20 people have died following flooding
New York  CNN  -- Preliminary tests indicate ricin was found in letters sent this past weekend to New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , New York deputy police commissioner Paul Browne said Wednesday . Browne said the letters to Bloomberg contained a threat to the mayor and mentioned the debate on gun laws . "  The letter obviously , referred to our anti-gun efforts but there 's 12,000 people  who  are going to get killed this year with guns and 19,000 that are going to commit suicide with guns , and we 're not going to walk away from those efforts , " Bloomberg said . One letter addressed to the mayor 's office was opened at the city government 's mail facility , Browne said . The suspicious material found in the two letters was a "  pink-orange oily substance , " he said , adding that it was the second of two tests that showed what appeared to be trace amounts of ricin . What is ricin ? The substance is being tested at the National Bioforensic Analysis Center in Maryland , with conclusive results expected by Friday . Some of the emergency services workers who touched the letter Friday were examined after they showed minor intestinal symptoms of ricin exposure on Saturday , Browne said . The symptoms have since subsided . Civilian workers showed no symptoms , Browne said in a statement . "  We take a lot of security measures as you know , " Bloomberg said . "  The men and women that open the mail for example ... they are well trained . " The second letter to the mayor was opened by Mark Glaze , director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- founded and co-chaired by Bloomberg -- in Washington on Sunday . Browne 's statement appeared to indicate Glaze showed no symptoms . A spokeswoman for the organization declined to comment Wednesday . Opinion : Ricin - almost never deadly Both letters were postmarked in Shreveport , Louisiana , on May 20 , the American Postal Workers Union said on its website . Bloomberg is an outspoken critic of current gun laws . In March , he said nationwide background checks on all gun sales would save lives . "  We know that 's true , because in states that already require background checks on private sales , the rate of women murdered by an intimate partner armed with a gun is 38 % lower than in states that do n't have such background checks , " he said . FBI spokesman Jim Margolin told CNN the agency is working to determine from where the letters were sent and who sent them . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours because of the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote for the toxin , which is derived from castor beans . It has been included in letters in the past few months sent to President Barack Obama and other officials . In April , letters were sent to Obama ; Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi ; and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi . James Everett Dutschke of Tupelo , Mississippi , has been charged with possession and use of a biological agent in connection with the case . Last week , FBI agents arrested Matthew Ryan Buquet after a grand jury charged him with mailing threatening communication to a senior judge in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Washington state . The FBI said in a statement that tests -- conducted by that agency and the Spokane Regional Health District -- showed that a suspicious substance found with the letter was "  active ricin toxin . " There are no indications the cases are connected . Man , 37 , arrested in probe of Washington state ricin-laced letters CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Jason Kessler , Lawrence Crook III , Carol Cratty and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspicious substance was oily , New York police official says NEW : Postal union says letters were postmarked in Shreveport , Louisiana Letters were addressed to Bloomberg , one went to an organization he founded Ricin is a toxin that can kill in a matter of days
CNN  -- Their job is capturing the most horrifying images on Earth -- keeping their eyes open , where others must look away . These are the people who lug cameras into the darkest depths of humanity . Places too gruesome , heartbreaking , and dangerous for the average person to stomach . They return offering us a small window into someone else 's hell . And sometimes they do n't return at all . The death of war photographer Anja Niedringhaus , while covering Afghanistan 's elections , made her the 32nd Associated Press staffer to lose their life on the job . The 48-year-old Pulitzer Prize-winning German journalist was shot dead by an Afghan policeman , while sitting in a car waiting to pass through a checkpoint . She had worked in the region over 20 years . Tragic Taro It 's almost 70 years since the first female war photographer died in this line of work , and though few will know her name , many will recognize her famous lover . Gerda Taro was 26-years-old when she died covering the Spanish Civil War in 1937 . The bubbly , bold photographer supposedly left the trenches that day only because her film ran out , elated with the fantastic images she thought she 'd captured . But the car she was traveling home in collided with an out-of-control tank , crushing her . Taro 's photographs that day were never found . Capa 's loss The man waiting for her was Robert Capa , arguably the most famous war photographer of the 20th century , known for his haunting images of soldiers emerging from the sea during the D-Day landings . When he heard the news of Taro 's death , Capa was "  utterly devastated , " said Jane Rogoyska , author of new book "  Gerda Taro : Inventing Robert Capa . " "  When he got the call he just kind of collapsed . And for the next few weeks he was just distraught . They were soul mates in many ways . " Love in a time of war Their relationship began in Paris three years earlier . Both were penniless Jewish emigrants fleeing persecution -- he from Hungary , she from Germany . They changed their names and invented new lives for themselves as photographers -- Capa teaching Taro how to take pictures , and she making the disheveled young man presentable to employers . "  They were both incredibly attractive , very charming , very charismatic people , " said Rogoyska . "  They really had nothing but their talent and wits to survive on . And I think their bravery partly came from their youth . " Action shot With that bravery , came risks . "  If your photographs are n't good enough , you 're not close enough , " Capa famously once said , and after Taro 's death he felt responsible not just having introduced her to photography , but for not protecting her on the day she died . "  Taro , like Capa , had a reputation for getting close to the action , " said Rogoyska . "  They both had a policy of really trying to engage with what it was like to experience war -- whether it was civilians or the front line . That was quite a modern idea , so they were really quite striking pictures . " Indeed , gaze across Taro 's images and you 'll find soldiers huddled in trenches writing letters to loved ones , or bloodied air raid victims being carried away on stretchers , their pained expressions hauntingly close . Adrenalin junkies ? On the day she died , Taro was exhilarated , fearlessly holding her camera aloft to get the best shots , according to Ted Allan , the Canadian reporter traveling with her at the time . What drives war photographers to risk their lives for an image ? "  The idea that all war correspondents are adrenaline junkies is a clichÃ © , " said Kate Brooks , an American photojournalist who covered the 2003 invasion of Iraq . "  Journalists are generally driven by something much deeper , " she said , adding : "  Documentation is vital for the sake of collective memory , accountability and understanding . " The Mexican Suitcases The discovery of a "  Mexican Suitcase " containing thousands of negatives belonging to Taro , Capa , and fellow photographer David Seymour  known as "  Chim  a few years ago , revealed just how prolific their war coverage was . Many photographs attributed to Capa have now been identified as Taro 's . "  Taro 's work was , until quite recently , largely overlooked in history , " said Brooks , author of "  In the Light of Darkness : A Photographer 's Journey after 9/11 . " "  She had no one to carry on her legacy after Capa died -- she did n't have children and her family were killed in the Holocaust . Then World War Two eclipsed the Spanish Civil War and Taro 's communist sympathies further obscured her memory in the McCarthy era . " We 'll never know what might have become of Taro 's career , had she survived . But her window into a momentous moment in history , forever frozen in black and white , remain . Opinion : We need more women journalists on front line Inspire : National Geographic 's pioneering female photographers	Who are the female war photographers risking their lives for the perfect shot ? Pulitzer Prize winning photojournalist shot dead covering Afghanistan election New book explores Gerda Taro , first female war photographer killed on job Taro took many images attributed to lover and photographer Robert Capa
CNN  -- A man suspected in a series of stabbings and carjackings in New York was charged Sunday night with the murders of four people , authorities said . Maksim Gelman was arraigned in Brooklyn Criminal Court on four counts of murder , one count of attempted murder , one count of assault , two counts of robbery and two counts of criminal possession of a weapon , Brooklyn District Attorney 's office spokesman Jonah Bruno said . He will be back in court Monday , at which point he 'll have a lawyer appointed for him , according to Bruno . As he was led away from Brooklyn 's 61st precinct to an awaiting police cruiser earlier Sunday , Gelman was deluged with questions from gathered media and hostile shouts from the crowd . After uttering an expletive , he said , "  This was a set-up , man . " Authorities said Saturday that Gelman allegedly stabbed three people to death , hit and killed a man with a car , slashed at least five other people and carjacked two vehicles before he was wrestled to the ground early Saturday while attempting to break into the cab of a subway car . Gelman , 23 , who is unemployed and known to authorities mostly as a graffiti artist , was arrested about 9 a.m. Saturday , about 28 hours after he allegedly began the spree spanning three New York boroughs , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  It 's so horrendous and bizarre , " Kelly told reporters Saturday . "  We have no reason that we can give you as to why he did this . " Police said Gelman got into a dispute with his mother at her Brooklyn home about 5 a.m. Friday after she refused to let him take her 2004 gray Lexus . The suspect 's stepfather , Aleksandr Kuznetsov , intervened and was stabbed 11 times . Kuznetsov , 54 , died , while Gelman 's mother -- who survived unscathed -- alerted authorities . Investigators believe Gelman then took the Lexus , drove about a mile away to the home of his ex-girlfriend and allegedly stabbed her mother , 56-year-old Anna Bulchenko , 11 times , at about 10:30 a.m. Gelman 's former girlfriend found her mother dead on the floor when she returned home at about 4:15 p.m. , police said . She called police . But in the short period before they arrived , authorities believe Gelman -- who presumably was still in the apartment -- allegedly attacked the former girlfriend , 20-year-old Yelena Bulchenko , with a knife . He chased her into the street and killed her , also slashing the jacket sleeve of a passerby trying to stop him , authorities said . He then left the scene in the Lexus and rear-ended another car , a Pontiac Bonneville , allegedly stabbing its 60-year-old driver in the shoulder and neck in a confrontation and then leaving the scene in that car , police said . Authorities said they later found four kitchen knives in the Lexus . The Pontiac driver was in stable condition as of Saturday , recovering from three stab wounds , Kelly said . About 4:25 p.m. , Gelman allegedly struck a pedestrian about two miles away , Kelly said . Steve Tannenbaum , 60 , died of his injuries . Police believe the suspect eventually abandoned the Pontiac , which was later found near a Brooklyn railroad line he was known to frequent as a graffiti artist . Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday , Gelman allegedly got into a cab in Brooklyn and stabbed the driver . As of Saturday , that driver was in stable condition . Kelly said Gelman then got out of the car and confronted a couple , allegedly stabbing a man in the hands and taking his car keys . That man was treated and released at a hospital , Kelly said . The car , a Nissan , was later found in Queens . Shelton Pottinger told reporters he was that victim . "  He looked crazy , " he said of the suspect . "  He looked like a crazy guy . " He said the suspect pulled a knife and a gun and told him to get out of the car or he would kill him . "  I was shocked , " he said . "  I did n't know what to do . " But he said he decided to fight , and moved over into the passenger seat . "  I was trying to kick him to get him out . " But he said the man forced his way in and hit the gas . Pottinger said he was holding on to the man 's hands as he tried to stab him . Police received a tip Saturday morning that Gelman might have been riding a southbound subway train in Manhattan . A woman approached police at a subway stop and said Gelman knocked a newspaper featuring his picture from her hands and said to her , "  Do you believe what they 're writing about me ? " before crossing the tracks and jumping onto a train . The suspect stabbed another passenger -- a 40-year-old man , whom Gelman did n't appear to know -- in the head and neck sometime during his time onboard , Kelly said . That male subway passenger was in stable condition Sunday . Eventually , the suspect worked his way to the front cab of the train . The commissioner said Gelman pounded on the cab 's door , yelling "  Police " -- apparently trying to get in , by claiming he was a police officer . He did not appear to know two transit police officers , later identified as Terrance Howell and Tamara Taylor , were inside the cab with the train 's operator . Soon after , the officers -- with aid from off-duty New York police Det. Marcelo Razzo and an unnamed civilian nearby -- wrestled Gelman to the ground . No one was hurt in that scuffle , during which a knife fell to the ground . Police also found Gelman had another , smaller , knife when they detained him . He also had what Kelly described as a "  significant amount of money . " Kelly said the suspect was mostly "  incoherent " after being arrested , besides a statement that "  she had to die . " The commissioner said he did not know if "  she " referred to ex-girlfriend Yelena Bulchenko , her mother or someone else . Kelly said Gelman had 10 previous arrests , mostly for drug charges and graffiti , plus one robbery charge . His most recent arrest was January 26 , when he was accused of possessing crack cocaine . For roughly the past seven years , Gelman has been a naturalized U.S. citizen . He arrived in this country with his father and mother in 1992 from his native Ukraine . CNN 's Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report	NEW : A spokesman for the DA says Maksim Gelman has been charged While leaving a NYC precinct , Gelman tells reporters , "  It was a set-up , man " He is accused of killing four people -- stabbing 3 and running over another His alleged victims include his stepfather , his former girlfriend and her mother
CNN  -- Canadian police say they 're looking for possible connections between the discovery of severed body parts in two cities , including what appears to be a human foot mailed to the headquarters of the ruling Conservative Party . The grisly find in an office tower in Ottawa on Tuesday came the same day that a janitor found human remains -- but not a full human body -- behind an apartment building in Montreal , about 200 km  160 miles  away . Police also confirmed late Tuesday the discovery of a second human body part in Ottawa . No other details were immediately available . "  It would be foolish for us to disregard what is going on in Montreal , " Constable Marc Soucy , an Ottawa police spokesman , told CNN . But both Soucy and Constable Daniel Fortier , his counterpart in Montreal , said there was no known connection between the incidents Tuesday night . " ` It 's too soon to make any links between those two events , " Fortier said . Soucy said a hazardous materials team was sent to the office tower that houses the Conservative offices in Ottawa shortly after 11 a.m. after workers reported a suspicious package . The officers who responded noticed what appeared to be bloodstains on the box , he said . Ottawa police Sgt. Steve Hodgson told reporters outside the office that the package had been addressed to the Conservative Party . Staffers had begun to open the package before calling police , he said . The party , led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper , had no comment on the incident Tuesday evening . Police are still calling the foot "  possibly " human as they await tests from medical examiners , Soucy said . He would not discuss the condition of the appendage , whether any note accompanied the package or where it had been postmarked . Ottawa 's major-crimes unit is checking with other police departments for similar cases and looking back through missing-persons files for any clues , Soucy said . "  We 're going to look at every avenue , " he said . In Montreal , Fortier said investigators have no reports of missing people who might fit the description of the remains found Tuesday . He said a janitor made the discovery while looking into a report of "  smelly garbage " Tuesday morning , and police do n't know how long the remains might have been there . CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Paula Newton and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Police say it 's too soon to link grisly discoveries in Montreal and Ottawa An apparent human foot was mailed to Conservative headquarters in Ottawa A janitor found other body parts behind a Montreal apartment building "  We 're going to look at every avenue , " an Ottawa police spokesman says
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- He might have some 60 albums under his belt and numerous awards to his name but iconic Zimbabwean musician Oliver Mtukudzi has no plans to slow down . "  Retiring from what ? " he asks purposefully when asked if he 'd consider a break from music . "  This is me , " explains 60-year-old Mtukudzi moments before he hits the stage at the Market Theater in downtown Johannesburg , South Africa . "  I 'm doing me ; I 'm not doing a career . This is who I am ; I ca n't retire really from myself . " It is , then , no surprise that award-winning Mtukudzi , who is affectionately called Tuku by his fans , decided to mark his birthday last September with the release of yet another album . Called "  Sarawoga , " which means "  left alone " in Shona , Mtukudzi 's latest album is a tribute to his beloved son Sam , who died in a car crash in 2010 aged 21 . Watch Mtukudzi performing The recording comes after a long period of grief for the soft-spoken artist . "  I 'm still learning to live with it , " says Ntukudzi , who had written and rehearsed many of the album 's songs with his son ; Sam was a highly talented multi-instrumentalist himself who pursued his own music career but would also often perform with his father . "  I 've only released my first offering this year and for the past two years I did n't even think about my music really , " says Ntukudzi . "  I was just thinking of him and trying to recover , even though music was my therapy . I think I 've performed more shows since 2010 up to today than ever before because that 's the only therapy I 've got . " Read related : Afrobeats going global Born into a musical family in 1952 , Mtukudzi has been successfully performing for nearly four decades throughout Africa as well as in the United Kingdom , the United States and Canada . His foot-stomping music has been described as a mixture of Zimbabwean pop style "  jit " and South African township pop . Through his distinct sound and inspiring lyrics , he 's documented the joy and pain of his countrymen who fought for freedom under colonial rule and died for democracy after Zimbabwe 's independence in 1980 . "  Where I come from you do n't get to sing a song if you have nothing to say , " says the musician , who grew up in Highfield , a ghetto neighborhood in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare . "  So every song has something to do with that man in the street , he must be able to use it in his life . " As a young boy , Mtukudzi joined choirs to improve his singing talent and taught himself how to play a three-string guitar . He soon started writing and recording songs and after an illustrious career he is today one of Zimbabwe 's best-known musicians . Read related : The man who brought MTV to Africa More than just an entertainer , Mtukudzi is committed to addressing everyday social challenges , using his music as a vehicle to speak about the issues he 's passionate about . In 2003 he founded an art center in Norton , near Harare , and last year he became a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador for eastern and southern Africa , focusing on youth development and HIV/AIDS . Mtukudzi , who lost his brother Robert and several band members to AIDS , recently took his campaign to eradicate the HIV/AIDS stigma to mothers in Tanzania . He is also outspoken against patriarchy and has criticized polygamy as a practice that increases the risk of spreading HIV . But as well as tackling heated and important issues with his songs , the artist-turned-activist has also been producing and starring in feature films since the early 1990s , using his celebrity to empower and influence others . Released in the early 1990s , feature film "  Neria " questions the place of tradition in the life of contemporary African women . The theme song remains to this day one of Mtukudzi 's most popular tracks . "  I know sound is OK but visual can be better ... because it sticks in your head , " he says . "  If you see things you get to understand things much better than when you just hear things . That 's why we do short films and try and show them to the people . " Read related : Malian kora legend breaks music barriers Back at the Market Theater , a few minutes before his sold-out concert begins , Mtukudzi admits that he still does n't known which songs from his long repertoire he will play to his audience . His show , he says , is all about the moment . "  I do n't write a setlist , " he explains . "  How do I know the show is going to be for me to plan ? I just look for the first song -- if I find the first song everything falls into place , because I do n't know the mood of the day , so as I get into the mood I get the songs . " What 's more certain , however , is that his audience is in for a memorable show .	Oliver Mtukudzi , 60 , is an award-winning Zimbabwean musician His latest album is a tribute to his son who died in a car crash in 2010 Mtukudzi , known as Tuku to his fans , uses his music to campaign against AIDS stigma and polygamy He 's also ventured into feature films to address social challenges in modern day Africa
CNN  -- A pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes on militant targets in Pakistan killed at least seven people , Pakistani intelligence sources said Friday . The strikes were carried out in North Waziristan , a mountainous region near the border with Afghanistan that 's rife with militant activity . One strike targeted a militant hideout in the Kund area of Shawal , killing four , the intelligence sources say . The second struck at Uzbek hideouts in the Mangroti area , killing three , according to the sources . A similar strike Saturday in North Waziristan 's Datakhel region killed five militants , intelligence sources told CNN at the time . The strikes come amid an offensive by Pakistan 's army in North Waziristan aimed at clearing out Taliban and other militants in the region . Tens of thousands of people have been displaced . Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta . Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar , Pakistan .	Seven killed in suspected U.S. drone strikes in Paksistan , Pakistani intelligence sources say The strikes occurred in North Waziristan Pakistan 's military has been fighting militants in the region
CNN  -- Bottles of Extra Strength Tylenol will soon have a new warning on their caps : "  Contains acetaminophen . Always read the label . " The bright red lettering is an effort by Tylenol 's parent company , Johnson & Johnson , to reduce the number of accidental acetaminophen overdoses that occur each year . "  Acetaminophen overdose is one of the most common poisonings worldwide , " according to the National Institutes of Health . Taking too much of this pain reliever can cause severe liver damage . The Food and Drug Administration sets the maximum limit for adults at 4,000 milligrams per day . One gel tablet of Extra Strength Tylenol contains 500 mg . People should keep their doctor and pharmacist informed about all the medications they are taking to ensure that they are not consuming more than the daily limit , according to the FDA . They should also avoid taking acetaminophen with alcohol . "  With more than 600  over the counter  and prescription medications containing acetaminophen on the market , this is an important step because it will help remind consumers to always read the label , " Johnson & Johnson said in a statement about the new caps , which will arrive in October . Gupta : Let 's end the prescription drug death epidemic CNN 's Jacque Wilson and John Bonifield contributed to this story .	New caps will say : "  Contains acetaminophen . Always read the label " Company hopes to reduce number of accidental acetaminophen overdoses FDA sets daily limit for adults at 4,000 milligrams of acetaminophen
CNN Student News  -- The foundation of a democratic republic is suffrage : the right to vote . Universal suffrage extends this civil right to all adults without distinction to race , sex , belief , intelligence or economic or social status . In the United States , almost all adult citizens over the age of 18 may vote in the presidential election . To this day , U.S. citizens who reside in Puerto Rico , Guam , the U.S. Virgin Islands and other U.S. territories do not vote in presidential elections , but may vote in local elections . Throughout America 's history , certain groups of citizens were disenfranchised . Poll taxes , literacy requirements and physical barriers effectively removed these individuals from the voting pool . Court decisions , local legislation and Constitutional amendments overturned many of these conditions for voting . Milestones in American Suffrage 1787 - The U.S. Constitution The Constitution , as originally written , did not define a citizen . Any citizen of a state was deemed a citizen of the nation . At the time , most states only granted the right to vote to white male property owners . By 1850 , most landowner requirements were eliminated . 1865 - Amendment XIII In the aftermath of the Civil War , three amendments were ratified that expressly addressed the role of blacks in America : the Thirteenth , Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments . The Thirteenth Amendment was the first step towards full suffrage for black adult males , as it abolished slavery in the U.S. 1868 - Amendment XIV The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution defines the U.S. citizen , and thus clarifies who may vote : "  All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside . " Children of immigrants , even illegal immigrants , are citizens and may vote when they come of age . However , this amendment does not expressly grant suffrage to non-whites and women . It does set the legal age for voting at 21 . This amendment also allows a state to remove the right to vote for "  participation in rebellion , or other crime . " As a result , most states still ban incarcerated felons from voting , and several states extend that ban to ex-felons . 1870 - Amendment XV The Fifteenth Amendment forbids the federal government and the states from using a citizen 's race , color or previous status as a slave as a disqualification for voting . By this amendment , suffrage is granted for black adult males , but not females . Many in the women 's suffrage movement condemned the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments as unfair to women . 1920 - Amendment XIX By the turn of the century , women were voting in many western states , but most states still banned them from the voting booth . In 1920 , after several failed attempts , the Nineteenth Amendment was ratified . This amendment prohibits states or the federal government from restricting suffrage based on gender . 1961 - Amendment XXIII This amendment finally granted District of Columbia voters the ability to participate in presidential elections . 1964 - Amendment XXIV In the century that followed the Civil War , racial tension persisted . Five southern states still had a poll tax , which was eliminated by this amendment . The Supreme Court declared that even a $ 1.50 poll tax was an unfair burden . 1965 - The Voting Rights Act After blacks were granted the right to vote in 1871 , literacy requirements , physical violence , property destruction , hiding the polls and economic pressures still kept many blacks from voting , particularly in the South . In some states , a voter could vote in primary elections only if his grandfather had been able to vote in primaries ; other states only allowed whites to vote in the primaries . In the largely Democratic South , these laws prevented descendants of slaves from having an effective vote . The Voting Rights Act was enacted in direct response to the Civil Rights movement . The act bans literacy tests and provides federal enforcement of voter registration and voting rights . 1971 - Amendment XXVI During the Vietnam War , many Americans felt it was unfair to send citizens to fight a war without the right to vote . This amendment sets the voting age at 18 across the nation for all elections . 1975 - Voting Rights Act Reauthorization By 1972 , most adult citizens of the U.S. had the right to vote based on provisions in the Constitution . Congress amended the Voting Rights Act in 1975 to include language assistance for minority voters , who often could not vote if ballots and instructions were only available in English . 1990 - Americans with Disabilities Act The ADA addressed the need for physical access to the ballot box for all Americans . E-mail to a friend	Use this information to understand the history of suffrage in the U.S.
CNN  -- It was 1969 and a busy year for making history : Woodstock , the Miracle Mets , men on the moon -- and something less celebrated but arguably more significant , the birth of the Internet . On October 29 of that year , for perhaps the first time , a message was sent over the network that would eventually become the Web . Leonard Kleinrock , a professor of computer science at the University of California-Los Angeles , connected the school 's host computer to one at Stanford Research Institute , a former arm of Stanford University . Forty years ago today , the Internet may have uttered its first word . Twenty years later , Kleinrock chaired a group whose report on building a national computer network influenced Congress in helping develop the modern Internet . Kleinrock holds more than a dozen patents and was awarded the National Medal of Science last year by President Bush . In an interview with CNN , the 75-year-old looks back on his achievements and peers into the exciting and sometimes scary future of the Web he helped create . CNN : In basic terms , what happened on October 29 , 1969 , and what was its importance to the Internet as we know it today ? Kleinrock : Millions of people helped create this Internet . I basically supervised the creation of the Internet at the first node , both in the first connection and the very first message . We had just by then connected the first two host computers to the Internet . The first one was on September 2 , 1969 , when UCLA connected its host computer to the first packet switcher , the first router if you will , ever on the Internet . But there was no other computer to talk to . So a month later , Stanford Research Institute received its interface message processor , or IMP , connected it to their host computer , and we created the first piece of the backbone network when a 50-kilobit-per-second line was connected between UCLA and SRI . What we wanted to do was send a message essentially from UCLA to SRI 's host . And frankly , all we wanted to do was log in -- to type an l-o-g , and the remote time-sharing system knows what you 're trying to do . So we typed the "  l , " and we asked over the phone , "  Did you get the ` l ? ' " And the response came back , "  Yep , we got the ` l. ' " We typed the "  o. " "  Got the ` o ? ' " " ` Yep , got the ` o. ' " Typed the ` g. ' "  You get the ` g ? ' " Crash ! SRI 's host crashed at that point . So the very first message ever on the Internet was the very simple , very prophetic "  lo , " as in lo and behold . And , you know , we were n't aware that this was a significant event that would be recorded in history . We did not have a very effective message like "  What hath God wrought " or "  Come here , Watson , I need you . " Or "  One giant leap for mankind . " We just were n't that smart . When the host computers talked to each other , I like to say the Internet uttered its first words on that day . CNN : Before October 29 , 1969 , was no computer talking to any other computer ? Kleinrock : Well , typically not over a data connection , no . What was going on at that time was that many users sitting at terminals were connected to time-sharing systems with a local connection . But that was just connecting to a single computer . CNN : UCLA sent a press release about your work in July of 1969 , just a few months before your October breakthrough . At the time , did you have any idea how far-reaching all this was ? Kleinrock : Basically , I said the Internet will be always on , always available , -LSB- and that -RSB- everybody with any device could connect to the Internet from any time and any location , and it would be as invisible as electricity . What I missed was the social aspect , namely that my 99-year-old mother would be on the Internet , as she was until she passed away two years ago . And by the way , at the same time , my preschool granddaughter would be on the Internet . CNN : What is feature shock ? Kleinrock : Feature shock is a term I coined some years ago . Systems -LSB- such as Windows or Safari -RSB- contain an enormous number of features , each one of which may be valuable by itself , but no one is really able to use all the features . However , because you 've essentially paid for all those features , you feel guilty if you do n't exploit them . So you spend time learning to use them . I 'm a power user of PowerPoint . I spend thousands of hours learning how to use it effectively . If someone came along with a new version of PowerPoint that has a different interface than the one I 'm used to , and -LSB- even -RSB- if it were twice as good as PowerPoint , I would n't bother installing it . We 're overwhelmed by -LSB- features -RSB- ; we do n't know how to use them . It slows down the rate at which new applications and features are accepted by the public because of this investment they have in their thousands of hours of learning . And I consider that a good thing . It allows a little more mature thinking in how we start hopping around in technologies and thereby losing the experience and history we had before . There 's a kind of a measured way in which people will adopt new technology , and I think that 's helpful . CNN : What are you up to these days in the development of the Internet ? Kleinrock : I 'm working on what we call smart spaces , whereby the cyberspace comes out from behind the -LSB- computer -RSB- screen , where most people consider it residing , and moves out into your physical space so that there will be intelligence and embedded technology in the walls of your room , in your desk , in your fingernails , in your eyeglasses , in your automobile , in your hotel rooms all across the world as you move around . CNN : If computers will be doing so much of our thinking for us , does that mean our brains will get less of a workout ? Kleinrock : It 's always been the goal and desire of we technologists that as we provide capability that computers are good at -- number crunching , file storage , massive databases that can be searched -- that it would free us up to do the things that humans do so well , like pattern recognition and putting thoughts together , intuition and innovation . So it may relieve us of some of the mundane things that we do n't do well . On the other hand , I personally regret that the youth of today are depending so much for their simple arithmetic calculations on these handheld calculators or wristwatch calculators that they do n't know how to make change in the supermarkets anymore . CNN : What other dangers could be ahead ? Kleinrock : There 's a very dark side to the Internet , which we 're all familiar with . It started with a worm in 1988 , and it became spam in 1994 , and now we have pornography , we have denial of service -LSB- attacks -RSB- , we have identity theft , we have fraud , we have things like botnets -LSB- pieces of software that cyberthieves use to remotely and secretly control your computer -RSB- , which really worry me . One of the problems of the Internet is that we did n't install what I like to call strong user authentication or strong file authentication . We did n't anticipate the level of the dark side we see today . The culture of the early Internet was one of trust of all the users . I knew every user on the Internet in those early days . It was an open culture . We shared everything we did . We got our gratification by putting things out there , which people could use . And there was an etiquette -- net etiquette if you will , which people behaved . CNN : What about privacy ? Is it dead ? Kleinrock : Yes , in a word . Yes . And it was voluntarily given up in many cases . I mean , when someone lists their telephone number or uses their credit card or makes a cell phone call or even carries around a cell phone , that 's an awful lot of info about where you are , what you 're doing and some of your private matters . There are cameras all over the place , and they 're increasing in number . I like to say the only privacy we can expect is to go to the edge of the ocean , strip down and jump in and hope there 's no sonar down there tracking you , by the way , which there will be soon . CNN : Do you like to play video games over the Internet ? Kleinrock : The answer is no , no . I 'm not of that generation . Nor do I use Facebook or Twitter . I 've got enough things that demand my attention . ... E-mail is a wonderful black hole for my time . I do n't want to have to answer tweets and SMS messages , following friends , etc. . It 's too demanding and too frivolous in many ways . CNN : Do you have a certain emotional tie to the Internet as if it were a member of the family ? Kleinrock : Of course I do , and it 's part and parcel to my DNA . But it 's as aggravating to me as to anyone else in terms of when it does n't work , when the applications do n't work . CNN : Were you always an inventor ? Kleinrock : When I was about 6 years old , I built a crystal radio from instructions I found in a Superman comic book . The thing that fascinated me was , I could basically get all the parts at no cost . I was totally enchanted . This was magic , and I spent the rest of my life trying to figure out how that works . Life is one big puzzle for me in the positive sense . There are a lot of things to play with . And they pay me for it .	Leonard Kleinrock sent first message over computer network October 29 , 1969 A professor at UCLA , he sent several words to computer at Stanford University Kleinrock : "  We were n't aware this was a significant event that would be recorded in history " There 's dark side to Internet now that Web pioneers did n't anticipate , he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The saga of billionaire Donald Sterling enters a new phase Monday when a California probate court trial examines his estranged wife 's takeover of the couple 's trust that owns the Los Angeles Clippers , which she is now trying to sell for a record $ 2 billion . It 's been an operatic tale . Sterling slurred African-Americans in a taped conversation with a woman acquaintance . The National Basketball Association banned him and ordered the couple to sell the team . His wife , Shelly , negotiated a price that would be unprecedented for a sports franchise in North America . She did so as doctors certified Donald Sterling , 80 , as incapacitated with early Alzheimer 's or another brain disease . Questions persist , however , on whether the team 's planned sale to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is a done deal , because Donald Sterling disputes his wife 's authority in the negotiations . The couple own the NBA franchise through a trust . Will there be a trial on Monday ? It 's anybody 's guess : Anything can happen in the Sterling saga -- and just about has . Donald Sterling now wants to move the controversy over the basketball team 's proposed sale to federal court -- a legal move he made just before Friday 's Fourth of July holiday . It 's unclear whether he 'll be successful -- or what impact the last-minute maneuver will have on Monday 's scheduled trial in a state court in Los Angeles . Shelly Sterling 's attorney described the move as desperation . "  Donald Sterling 's 11th-hour attempt to move the probate trial into the federal courts is a desperate act by a desperate man , " said Pierce O'Donnell . "  This latest bad-faith maneuver on the eve of his reckoning is a cowardly ploy to do just one thing : Kill a record-setting $ 2 billion sale of the Clippers , " O'Donnell said . But Donald Sterling 's attorney says federal court is the appropriate place to hear how the publicizing of his medical diagnosis "  trampled " his privacy rights under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  HIPAA  -- which Shelly Sterling denies , saying the trust allowed for the information 's release . "  While Shelly Sterling and her team will claim that this is merely a ` tactic , ' we feel strongly that this important issue should be addressed by the federal court at this time , " said lawyer Bobby Samini . "  While it has become popular to attack Donald Sterling for his regrettable comments , his right to privacy and to the protection of his medical records should not be acceptable collateral damage . " Even Ballmer has entered the dispute , with his attorney saying he would file papers to block what he called a frivolous move by Donald Sterling . The parties will be monitoring how the state and federal courts will proceed Monday . Will we hear more about Donald Sterling 's mental issues ? No . The trial will focus on Shelly Sterling 's right to sell the Clippers and not Donald Sterling 's mental capacity , attorneys for both sides say . Testimony will largely focus on how the couple own the team through a trust and whether procedures for removing one of the trust 's owners -- namely Donald Sterling -- were followed . The trial , however , will address an accusation by Donald Sterling that his wife duped him into undergoing separate examinations by a neurologist and a specialist in geriatric psychiatry , who both judged him to be mentally incapacitated . Donald Sterling also disputes those findings . "  We are going to argue that their examinations were by way of undue influence , that their examinations were not complete , that there was fraud in the examinations , and the letters that they have issued do not comport with technical requirements that the trust requires , " Samini said . Shelly Sterling maintains her husband 's arguments about being tricked are baseless , her attorney said . "  There was no duping or whatever , " O'Donnell said . "  Donald voluntarily went to ... get the brain scan . " Late last month , another doctor found Donald Sterling to be mentally fit , a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN . So what will the probate trial be all about ? The court will hear five issues , according to court papers filed by Shelly Sterling . First , the court will determine whether the physicians ' evaluations of Donald Sterling were obtained by fraud , undue influence or breach of fiduciary duty , as he claims . The court will then decide whether Shelly Sterling 's May 29 contract to sell the team to Ballmer is binding . Even if the court does n't affirm that , the judge will weigh whether the contract is nevertheless binding on the couple 's trust because it 's in the trust 's best interest -- in other words , whether it 's too great a deal to pass up . The court will then have to examine how Donald Sterling later revoked the trust in June -- in apparent retaliation for his wife negotiating a proposed deal to sell the team -- and whether his revocation prevents the sale of the team or the court 's jurisdiction over the trust . Finally , the judge must decide whether to provide relief to prevent injury or loss . How did this deal ever get done ? Facing pressure from the NBA , Donald Sterling signed a letter in May -- on the same day when one of the physicians examined him -- to the basketball league agreeing to the sale of the Clippers and authorizing his wife to negotiate the sale of the team . But Donald Sterling changed his mind on the entire controversy : He sued the NBA for $ 1 billion for its decision to ban him for life and force him to sell the franchise . He then opposed the proposed sale of the team negotiated by his wife . What 's the rush in all this ? The contract between Shelly Sterling and Ballmer has a July 15 deadline to close the deal -- with a 30-day extension , if needed . At the same time , the Sterlings face a September 15 deadline to sell team , as set by the NBA . If not , the league may sell the franchise on its own or renew termination proceedings against the Clippers or both , according to NBA general counsel Richard W. Buchanan 's statements in Shelly Sterling 's court filings . Donald Sterling in CNN exclusive : I 'm not a racist , I 'm a giver	Sterlings face a probate court trial in California on Monday But Donald Sterling now asks a federal court to take over the case Couple face a September deadline to sell the LA Clippers Probate court will look at the Sterlings ' trust that owns NBA team
CNN  -- My head is still spinning from excitement and disbelief at being chosen for what I know is going to be a life-changing adventure . Just five weeks ago , I found myself in Atlanta for the Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge kickoff weekend . As the weekend progressed , I tried to remember every piece of advice we received from the trainers and everyone at CNN . Thankfully , the opportunity to spend some time with Fit Nation alumni was part of the plan . They shared with us the wisdom of their own experiences . One bit of advice that I have clung to daily is , "  Schedule , schedule , schedule ! " I have always overextended myself . There are a lot of things that I like to do , and even more that I want to do . I also have a hard time saying "  no . " Getting fit for the family I love After decades of raising three kids and taking care of other family members , my husband and I have found ourselves in a place we have never been before : one with free weekends . We are now able to go fishing , boating and camping , attend concerts , visit kids and grandkids , go to movies , go shopping , walk the dogs . Maybe because it is still a novelty we try to fit all that into just a couple days a week . There are a couple of obvious downsides to living this way . The first is that my plate generally is n't just full -- it 's spilling over . Secondly , when I spread myself too thin , the end result is never the quality it would have been if I 'd devoted my full time and energy . Now , in addition to everything else that I am committed to , I have to fit training for a triathlon into my life . The only way I will be successful is if I take seriously the advice to schedule . The late and great Dr. Steven Covey once said , "  To become a master of your time , you need to first be aware of your priorities in the larger context of your life . " Scheduling is not a novel idea or rocket science , but sometimes I just need to hear the right message at the right time in order for it to click in a meaningful way . Once I looked at the big picture from this perspective , life got a lot less complicated . From the very moment I found out I had this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity , I committed to taking full advantage of it , giving it my all . The athlete I used to be Thankfully for me our coach , April Burkey , is giving us a huge head start . Each week , she puts our daily workouts on a calendar on the TrainingPeaks website . The time of day we do them is up to us , and we can even rearrange the days if need be . At the beginning of every week , I compare my work schedule with my training schedule . On a day that I need to go to the correctional facility where I work for the 5:45 a.m. roll call , an evening strength training workout makes the most sense . On a normal 8-to-5 day , I can easily fit in a 5:15 a.m. spinning class or a morning run . The pool I swim in does not open until 6 a.m. and is not available in the evenings or weekends . So far this has been the biggest scheduling challenge . But I have n't missed a workout yet , thanks to Presidents ' Day and a bit of flexibility in my schedule . Once I see the workout on my calendar , it is not something I should do , or even have to do . I can honestly say that I look at it as something that is a priority for me so that I can accomplish my long-term goal of finishing the Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 8 ! That does n't mean that I bounce out of bed at 4 a.m. on the days that I go to the local YMCA for the spinning class , that I have n't wanted to stay in bed on a cold , snowy morning instead of heading across town to do swim drills . Make your workout go by faster What it does mean is that these types of thoughts are fleeting , and that picturing myself crossing the finish line has helped me to get up , get ready and get started . Last weekend I did something I still ca n't believe : I actually ran a 5K . And I owe it all to scheduling ! I also owe it to the encouragement and support of my co-warden , Angel Medina , and the support of my running partner for the day -- my youngest daughter , Lacee . When I shared my news about being on the Fit Nation team with Angel , he immediately told me about a local 5K . I did n't say it out loud , but my inside voice was telling me that I would not be ready to run 3.2 miles by March 5 . To be perfectly honest , I was counting on Coach April to agree with me when I told her about the race . Yet a couple of weeks later , that 5K was my scheduled training for the day . Like I said earlier , once it 's on my calendar ... I set two goals for the race . The first was to finish , and the second was to run for the entire distance . The reason I knew these goals were both attainable is that I had already accomplished them in my scheduled training runs in the weeks before . All I can say is , "  Wow ! " I ca n't wait to see what I can accomplish during the next six months of prioritizing and scheduling ! Follow Rae on Twitter @TriHardRae	Schedule workouts into your calendar like a meeting with your boss Prioritizing her responsibilities helped Rae Timme find time for training Timme plans to cross the finish line with the rest of the Fit Nation 6-pack in September
CNN  -- The Nixon Presidential Library released 154 hours of tape recordings and 30,000 pages of documents from the Nixon White House on Tuesday , offering a revealing look at the state of mind of America 's 37th president at the start of what would prove to be his disastrous abbreviated second term . President Richard Nixon smiles and waves to a supporter in Washington in January 1973 . The recordings , encompassing almost 1,000 conversations in January and February of 1973 , cover a range of topics , including , among other things , the conclusion of the Vietnam Paris peace talks , the Supreme Court 's controversial Roe v. Wade abortion rights ruling , the death of former President Lyndon Johnson , and a rapidly metastasizing Watergate scandal . They show President Richard Nixon at both his best -- delving into the intricacies of Cold War diplomacy -- and his worst , plotting against his perceived political enemies in the media and elsewhere . Still basking in the afterglow of a landslide 49-state reelection in 1972 , Nixon at one point tells aide Charles Colson that he wants nothing to do with those who would advise reaching out to critics in order to try and unify the country . "  Those people that wanted me to have -LSB- an -RSB- ` era of good feelings ' ... Somebody wrote me a memorandum about that and I told -LSB- White House Chief of Staff H.R. -RSB- Haldeman if anyone ever showed me that again I 'm gon na flush them down the goddamn john , " Nixon says . "  You should , " Colson replies . At another point , Nixon tells then-Republican National Committee Chairman George H.W. Bush that the GOP can further boost its electoral fortunes by recruiting "  attractive " women to run for office . Recounting a recent visit to the South Carolina state legislature , Nixon tells Bush that he "  noticed a couple of very attractive women , both of them Republicans . ... I want you to be sure to emphasize to our people , God , let 's look for some . ... Understand , I do n't do it because I 'm for women , but I 'm doing it because I think maybe a woman might win someplace where a man might not . ... So have you got that in mind ? " Bush replies that he 'll "  certainly keep it in mind . " Nixon also indicates a deep distrust of his senior Cabinet officers , telling Colson on January 5 , 1973 , to start keeping a detailed log of phone calls made by then-National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger . "  Incidentally , I want it on his private phone too , " Nixon tells Colson . "  We can get that , ca n't we ? " Colson then replies that he thinks it can be done . "  Sure , goddamn it . We can get it through the FBI , " Nixon replies . "  The FBI is to get , to keep the log , on his phone . That 's all we want to know , who the hell he calls . " The tapes often show Nixon with a penchant for fixating on even the smallest political disruptions . On January 20 , 1973 -- the day of his second inauguration -- Nixon calls a Secret Service agent to say he "  saw the incident where some kid tried to rush the car ... I want to be sure they file a charge against him -LSB- and do n't -RSB- just let him go . " The agent assures Nixon that the protester has been put in custody and that a charge has been filed . The Nixon Presidential Library , in Yorba Linda , California , has been operated by the National Archives since 2007 . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Recordings cover some 1,000 conversations from January/February 1973 Among the topics : Paris peace talks , Roe v. Wade , Watergate In one tape , Nixon orders detailed logs be kept of Henry Kissinger 's phone calls
CNN  -- Egypt kept their World Cup hopes alive as the only goal of the game by Ahmed Hassan gave them a 1-0 win over Rwanda in Kigali . Star midfielder Ahmed Hassan scored the vital goal for Egypt in Kigali . He scored from an Ahmed Fathi pass after 58 minutes to lift them level on points at the top with Algeria in African Qualifying Group C . But Algeria , who host Zambia on Sunday , can re-open a three point lead with victory . Only the top team in each of the five African groups qualifies for the finals in South Africa next year , with the top three qualifying for the 2010 Nations Cup in Angola . South Africa , who have won the Nations Cup a record six times , have a poor record in World Cup qualifying and have only made two appearances in the final . Saturday 's win was vital as they completed the double over Rwanda , having beaten them 3-0 in Cairo two months ago . Substitute Chiukepo Msowoya scored twice after coming on at half-time as Malawi came from behind to defeat Guinea 2-1 in a Group E game between World Cup also-rans . Oumar Kalabane put the West Africans ahead seven minutes before half-time at the Kamuzu Stadium in Blantyre , Msowoya leveled a minute after half-time and snatched the 58th-minute winner . African powerhouses Cameroon also scored a much-need qualification win as they beat Gabon 2-0 in Libreville in Group A. Achille Emana and Inter Milan 's Samuel Eto'o scored in quick succession in the second half as the ` Indomitable Lions ' climbed to second in the group , two points behind Gabon . Cameroon entertain Gabon in Yaounde on Wednesday , looking for a victory which would further boost their chances of going to South Africa . Eto'o was scoring his seventh goal of the qualifying campaign to seal the victory . Ivory Coast kept their iron grip on Group E as two goals from Chelsea striker Didier Drogba saw them beat second-placed Burkina Faso 5-0 . The star-studded Ivory Coast team need just a single point to make sure they qualify for South Africa and they were never troubled by the visitors in Abidjan . Drogba took his tally to 38 international goals with his second half double . Kader Keita and Yaya Toure also scored after the Elephants had taken the lead in the 12th minute when Saidou Panandetiguiri scored an own-goal . In the other match in Group E , Chiukepo Msowoya scored twice as Malawi beat Guinea 2-1 in Group E.	Egypt score vital 1-0 win over Rwanda in Kigali to keep World Cup hopes alive Veteran midfielder Ahmed Hassan scores only goal of the game for Egypt Cameroon beat Gabon in table-topping clash in African Group A NEW : Didier Drogba scores twice as Ivory Coast beat Burkina Faso 5-0
CNN  -- In its first week on sale , Walter Isaacson 's biography of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs sold 379,000 copies in the U.S. , making it by far the top-selling book in the country . The book , titled simply "  Steve Jobs , " also achieved the biggest week of sales for any book in the U.S. for almost a year . That 's according to data from Nielsen 's BookScan service , as reported by TheBookseller.com . Published by Simon & Schuster on October 24 , the book outsold the next bestselling book of the week , John Grisham 's "  The Litigators , " by more than three to one . After only six days of sales , the Jobs biography is already the 18th-bestselling book of the year , according to BookScan 's figures . Simon & Schuster 's decision to move up the book 's publication by a month after Jobs ' death October 5 appears to have paid off . Fueled by intense interest in the late tech visionary 's life and career , the biography arrived on a wave of publicity , including appearances by Isaacson on CBS 's "  60 Minutes " and CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The 656-page book traces Jobs ' 55 years of life , from his hippie youth and co-founding of Apple in his parents ' Silicon Valley garage to his ouster from the company , triumphant return 11 years later and remarkable successes in the past decade with the iPod , iPhone and iPad . The book has already produced plenty of headlines , including how Jobs regretted waiting too long after his cancer diagnosis to get surgery that might have saved him . It retails for $ 35 , although many sellers are pricing it closer to $ 20 .	Biography of Apple co-founder sold 379,000 copies in the U.S. its first week That 's the biggest week of sales for any book in the U.S. for almost a year Publisher moved its release up by a month after Jobs ' death
CNN  -- Bill Cosby probably was n't happy with Wednesday night 's "  South Park . " For that matter , neither were police officers , the Washington Redskins and mindless tweeters . The long-running animated show 's season finale , featuring a holiday special called "  The Washington Redskins Go F *** Yourself Holiday Special , " managed to work in the cultural and pop-cultural obsessions of 2014 in a kitchen-sink approach . The episode ostensibly revolved around a generation gap between TV-watching "  grandpas "  that is , anybody not glued to his or her own portable screen  and the hashtag - , YouTube-obsessed younger generation , typified by Kyle Broflovski 's little brother , Ike -- but that was just an excuse to let loose on everyone . For example , there was the South Park police force , which does n't seem to know how to handle African-Americans . Upon being notified that there 's a black man in the police station , the officers ' first reaction is to laugh , as if it 's a setup for a joke . Then they get serious . "  Did you choke him ? " asks Sgt. Yates . "  Did you shoot him ? " The joke was later repeated . Kyle has a gentle hashtag , #savethelivingroom , hijacked by television executives , thanks to a visit by Cosby , who tells him about a TV special that 's being put together . The special turns out to be part of a nefarious plot to get everybody across generations watching TV -- zombified by the old electronic hearth . Few things escaped "  South Park 's " scorn . Iggy Azalea 's buttocks spoke . A Kurt Cobain hologram sang with a shotgun . Tweets filled the bottom of the screen , some wondering the point of the episode . And Cosby sang a version of "  Baby , It 's Cold Outside " with Taylor Swift , offering her a drink , a reference to the Cosby rape allegations . In the end , as a commentating Cartman threatened to take over the world , the gang turned to Ike and his youthful friends , who sounded distinctly like the "  Peanuts " crew in "  A Charlie Brown Christmas . " With the help of a new hashtag , #webelieveinyou , and the real-life YouTube star PewDiePie , everything was returned to normal by the end . Few viewers , obviously aware of "  South Park 's " bent , took offense . In fact , many approved . "  I think we take for granted how Trey Parker can jam a heap of current issues into a storyline thats a smart and funny #SouthPark episode , " wrote Brent Veale . "  I love #southpark for ripping on the police for their mistreatment of black people , " tweeted Dalyxman 's World . "  Oh Lorde , CartmanBrah , dead celebrity holograms , murdering cops , this #SouthPark episode is certainly making #SaveTheLivingRoom happen , " added Brett Pender . Well , there 's nothing like bringing the Internet together .	"  South Park " takes on many of 2014 's issues Bill Cosby makes an appearance ; police get mocked The episode is about divisions between generations
CNN  -- Sid Meier 's "  Civilization " is now 20 years old . But for someone who has been involved in video games since the mid - '80s , one of Meier 's early prophesies is just now coming true because of mobile and social gaming technologies , he told CNN . "  I 've always said that games will someday take over the world and that seems to be happening , " he said . Meier is considered to be one of the great game designers . He serves as director of creative development for Firaxis Games . He sat down with CNN to reflect on the short history of video games and what he hopes will be their long future . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : Congratulations on 20 years of "  Civilization . " When you were first coming up with the idea , did you imagine that it would stand the test of time ? Meier : I wanted to make a game that was fun to play . Where it is today , I would n't have dreamed . We made the first "  Civilization " game because it was a game that we wanted to play and hoped that if we liked it , others would , too . Lucky for us , people latched on to the game and our fan community has made the game what it is now . CNN : Where do you find inspiration ? Meier : The themes for all of my games are inspired by things I 've been interested in my whole life : history , pirates , railroads , airplanes , golf , etc. are all things that I enjoy , so I wanted to make games based on these subjects . For "  Civilization " games , we get a lot of our inspiration from our fans and the talented folks who work on the games . While I have my own ideas to contribute , by bringing in designers with a fresh perspective , we 're able to continue growing and developing "  Civilization " to create a new gameplay experience with each iteration of the game . I 've also been inspired by other developers and games such as Will Wright 's "  SimCity , " the first "  God Game , " which really set the stage for the first "  Civilization . " Also , Bruce Shelley , one of my design partners during Microprose 's early days , created one of the best RTS games ever made , the "  Age of Empires " series . I 'm also a big fan of Dani Bunten who created the first open ended adventure game , "  The Seven Cities of Gold . " CNN : What is the greatest innovation or idea that has been introduced in the "  Civilization " franchise ? Meier : Each "  Civ " game is unique because the designer brings their own unique ideas to the game . The biggest changes lately were the hexagonal world tiles , the one-unit-per-tile combat system and the beautiful graphics in "  Civ V. " We 'd thought about hex tiles all the way back in the original "  Civ , " but never tried it until "  Civ V. " The one-unit-per-tile system makes combat much more tactical and fun to play . And the graphics take the gameplay experience to a wonderful new place . Maybe the biggest change to the Civilization series as a whole is that we 've managed to bring it to a variety of new audiences through our console , mobile and Facebook versions of the game . CNN : What were some of the best times and hardest times in gaming for you in the last 20 years ? Meier : It 's difficult to think of hard times when I get to go into work every day and make games . I have the greatest job in the world and feel very fortunate to have been doing this for so long . The thrill of designing a new game never seems to grow old for me . CNN : How has gaming and video games changed in the past two decades ? Meier : Technology is always changing and giving us new tools to work with . PC and console game designers have been taking advantage of this by creating dramatically better graphics and deeper gameplay experiences . New technology has also allowed developers to deliver games on a wide array of devices , so people from all walks of life have access to games everywhere from phones to tablets to the Internet . It 's a great time to be a gamer . CNN : Is the social gaming and mobile gaming trend a product of advancing technology leading an audience or a change in the gamer 's philosophy about gaming ? Meier : It 's a little bit of the chicken and the egg debate , but I do think advancing technology has allowed us to explore new platforms and areas of games that we did n't previously have at our disposal . Social and mobile games deliver a different kind of experience than the traditional PC and console games , which seem to appeal to a broader audience than the usual gamer . The growth of gaming on so many different platforms , and the diversity of the audience is great news for the gaming industry as a whole . CNN : Has gaming become more important to our culture in terms of entertainment ? Meier : Games have become the entertainment of choice for people all over the world . I 've always said that games will someday take over the world and that seems to be happening . There are so many different gaming platforms and a constant stream of new games for players to enjoy in any way they choose . It 's exciting to see the rise of games in popular culture in the past few years . Now it seems that everyone plays games on their phones and social networks . Games and game franchises have become an integral part of mainstream entertainment , and the industry is only 30 years old . It 's just the beginning of the greatness still to come .	Sid Meier 's "  Civilization " game launched in 1991 The director at Firaxis Games is considered to be one of the great game designers Meier : "  I wanted to make a game that was fun to play . Where it is today , I would n't have dreamed "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Large and small donations flowed in Monday evening as dozens of celebrities answered phones for Larry King 's telethon to help the people of the U.S. Gulf Coast suffering from the oil disaster . "  A hundred dollars ? Wow ! Thanks you so much , " rocker Tyson Ritter told one donor who called in . The two-hour CNN show raised more than $ 1.81 million , with proceeds going to three charities deeply involved in the efforts to help humans , wildlife and the environment . "  Everyone 's really pissed off , " actress Jenny McCarthy , who was monitoring online messages in the telethon 's "  Tweet Suite , " told host Ryan Seacrest . Donors could choose to send their money to the United Way , National Wildlife Federation or The Nature Conservancy . Celebrity journalist Giuliana Rancic said she was on the phone with "  Barbara " from Kokomo , Indiana . "  She 's saying it 's the animals , " Rancic said . Actress Victoria Principal sat next to her on another call . "  We 're just talking about the wildlife , " Principal said . Singer Aaron Neville , a New Orleans native , said most of the calls he answered in New York were from people concerned about animals impacted by the oil . "  People are crying on the phone and giving money , " Neville said . Actor Ted Danson said it was important for him to "  hear people 's emotions , their fear and sadness " when they called in donations , CNN correspondents reported live from the Gulf Coast , interviewing people whose lives have been interrupted by the oil disaster . "  The toughest thing I see is losing a way of life that we 've had down here for generations and generations , " said shrimper Archie Dantin in Pointe a la Hache , Louisiana . A BP spokesman issued a statement Monday saying the oil company is "  proceeding with urgency to make the situation right for the environment and for those who have affected by this tragic event . " "  We stated from the beginning that we accept responsibility for cleaning up the spill and for paying all legitimate claims for those directly impacted financially by this environmental disaster , " BP 's statement said . The company said over 65,000 claims have been submitted and more than 32,000 payments have been made , totaling more than $ 107 million . "  The average time from filing a claim to checks being issued is only a few days , " BP siad . "  Even for more complex business claims that have provided supporting documentation . " "  I do n't think they 're responding fast enough , " shrimper Keillen Williams said . Retired NBA star Jalen Rose , who was helping answered phones at CNN 's Los Angeles bureau , said he is sure President Barack Obama will make BP pay . "  But it will take time for that to happen , so we 're here today to provide immediate relief to those in need , " Rose said .	NEW : Larry King telethon for Gulf raises more than $ 1.8 million Money going to United Way , National Wildlife Federation , The Nature Conservancy Singer Aaron Neville , a New Orleans native , said , "  People are crying on the phone . "
An Egyptian court has sentenced the leader of the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood and hundreds of supporters to death , state television said Monday . Intensifying a crackdown on the Islamist movement ahead of elections next month , the same court also handed down a final capital punishment ruling for 37 others . Charges in both cases , which were tried by the same judge , are related to violent riots in the central Egyptian city of Minya in August . A police officer was killed during the violence , which followed a deadly crackdown by security forces on two Cairo sit-ins being held by supporters of former Islamist President Mohamed Morsy , who was ousted last July . Mohammed Badie , the Brotherhood 's leader , is among 683 supporters of Morsy whose death sentences are not final -- as the case has been referred to the nation 's grand mufti , Egypt 's highest religious authority , for review . The official website of the Muslim Brotherhood said Morsy 's son , Osama , attended Monday 's court session . It quoted him for Badie 's reaction after the death sentence was read out . "  If they hung us a thousand times God will never detract from what it is right , " Badie reportedly shouted . "  We will not tremble because death in the name of Allah is faith . May Allah accept . " In the second case , relating to 529 Muslim Brotherhood supporters sentenced to death last month , the judge upheld 37 death sentences . The others saw their sentences commuted to life in prison . Most of the people sentenced are being tried in absentia . All defendants are still permitted to appeal . The sentences "  put an end to the myth of independence of the judiciary " and "  are solely based on direct orders from the coup masterminds who deposed the legitimate elected President for personal interests , " said Gamal Heshmat , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Shura Council -- its highest advisory body . "  There is no justice , no legal system in Egypt any more . Lawsuits are now turned into political battles , where the ruler seeks revenge against honorable patriotic citizens . "  These judgments are worthless , " he said in a written statement . "  We will not be intimidated . We will not abandon the Revolution raging in the street , and which assures the whole world that there is no justice in Egypt . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  is alarmed by the news " of the mass death sentence , his spokesman said . "  Verdicts that clearly appear not to meet basic fair trial standards , particularly those which impose the death penalty , are likely to undermine prospects for long-term stability , " which is "  essential for the overall stability of the entire North Africa and Middle East region . " Ban is "  concerned " about the case and "  intends to discuss these concerns and other issues with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Egypt Nabil Fahmy later this week , " the spokesman said . In an early reaction from a Western government , Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt wrote on Twitter that the mass trials were an "  outrage . " "  The world must and will react ! " he said . The mass trials have already drawn widespread criticism from international human rights groups . Internal strife Egypt has faced turmoil since the uprising that toppled longtime leader Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . Since the army removed Morsy , the country 's first freely elected leader , from power last July , Egypt has suffered the worst internal strife in its modern history . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up soon after his removal from office . Cairo 's military-installed government has branded the Brotherhood a terrorist group , an allegation it denies . The Brotherhood insists it remains an entirely peaceful organization , but it is accused of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on the police and military . A separate militant group , Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , which the United States has designated a terrorist group , has been blamed for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula . It claimed responsibility in January for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around Cairo . Authorities also extended a crackdown to secular activists . A Cairo court ordered a ban on all activities of the secular pro-democracy April 6 Youth Movement on charges of espionage and defaming the state , state media reported . The Cairo Court of Urgent Matters also ordered the seizure of the group 's premises . The movement helped ignite the uprising that toppled Mubarak . The ruling can still be appealed . In a response to the court decision , the group said its activities were peaceful . "  April 6 is an important part of this generation 's voice and dream , " it said in a statement posted on its Facebook page . "  We will continue our activities , expressing our opinions , and raising our voice as we please . " The Muslim Brotherhood 's London office issued a statement slamming the sentencing of its protesters to death as well as the Cairo court 's ban of the youth movement . "  Today 's unprecedented verdicts represent a complete disregard of Egyptian and international human rights laws and due process , " the statement said . "  The world can longer afford to stay silent on such gross human rights violations and injustice committed by the military junta in Egypt against its own people . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Muslim Brotherhood : The sentences end "  myth " of independent judiciary U.N. Secretary-General is "  alarmed " Egypt court recommends death sentence for 683 Brotherhood supporters A court also bans a secular group that helped ignite 2011 uprising
CNN  -- The American Academy of Pediatrics on Monday called for an overhaul of the 35-year-old federal law governing toxic chemicals in the environment , saying it fails to safeguard children and pregnant women . "  It is widely recognized to have been ineffective in protecting children , pregnant women and the general population from hazardous chemicals in the marketplace , " the academy said in a policy statement that will be published in the May issue of the journal Pediatrics . The American Medical Association , the American Public Health Association and the American Nurses Association have previously called for changes in the Toxic Substance Control Act . Toxic chemicals finding their way into the womb Among the American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations : -- The consequences of chemical use on children and their families should be "  a core component " of the new chemical policy . -- Chemicals should meet standards similar to those required for new drugs or pesticides . -- Decisions to ban chemicals should be based on reasonable levels of concern , rather than demonstrated harm . -- The health effects of chemicals should be monitored after they are on the market , and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency should have the authority to remove a chemical from the market if it 's deemed dangerous . Since the Toxic Substances Control Act took effect in 1976 , the EPA has tested only 200 of the 80,000 chemicals in commerce and regulated just five . "  Right now , a company manufactures a chemical and puts it out on the market and reaps the economic reward , " said Dr. Jerome Paulson , lead author of the policy statement . "  And then the public is responsible for trying to figure out if there is any harm associated with the use of that chemical . And then it 's almost a criminal procedure , requiring proof beyond a reasonable doubt . " 5 toxics that are everywhere : Protect yourself Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey this month introduced the Safe Chemicals Act of 2011 . The law would require chemical manufacturers to demonstrate the safety of industrial chemicals used in everyday household products . The American Chemical Council , the industry trade group , acknowledges the 1976 act needs to be updated . "  We agree that the Toxic Substances Control Act needs to be modernized to further ensure the safe use of chemicals and the innovation of new products , " Scott Jensen of the American Chemical Council wrote in a statement to CNN . "  Chemicals should be safe for their intended use and potential risks faced by children should be an important factor in safe use determinations , " he added . Children face special risks because they eat , drink and breathe more pound for pound than adults , and they spend more time on the floor or the ground than adults , a possible source of exposure , the American Academy of Pediatrics pointed out in its policy statement Also , the pediatricians ' organization noted , exposure to toxic chemicals in the environment can hurt fertility . For example , one study found women exposed to higher levels of the flame retardant polybrominated diphenyl ether took significantly longer to get pregnant . As part of its policy statement , the American Academy of Pediatrics recommended its 60,000 member pediatricians familiarize themselves with the potential adverse health effects of chemicals in the environment . The American chemical industry is a $ 674 billion enterprise , employing 800,000 people , according to the industry group . Chemical manufacturers reported annual production volume of 27 trillion pounds , according to the most recent EPA data available .	1976 act on toxic chemicals too weak , doctors group says EPA has tested only 200 of the 80,000 chemicals N.J. senator has introduced tougher measure
CNN  -- It 's an end of an era for superstar singer Celine Dion and her husband , Rene Angelil . According to Yahoo News , Angelil is stepping down as his wife 's manager after more than 30 years . "  It is with great pleasure and with the utmost confidence that Rene Angelil announces today that his long-time close friend , Aldo Giampaolo , has been appointed as chief executive officer of Feeling Productions Inc. , the company which manages Celine Dion 's career , " a statement from the company said . "  Celine and Rene have decided that the time has come to bring this appointment to fruition , one that Rene had proposed to Aldo several years ago . " Angelil , 72 , first met Dion , 46 , when she was a teenager , and the couple began a romantic relationship when she was 19 and he was 45 . The singer briefly retired from performing in 1999 when her husband was battling throat cancer . People reported in March that Angelil had a tumor removed from his throat in December . "  I do n't want Rene to stress out with work-related issues , " Dion said in a statement to the magazine . "  I want him to focus on getting back to 100 % . I 've been doing my shows at the Colosseum  in Las Vegas  and everything 's under control . " The couple , along with their three sons , live in Las Vegas , where Dion has been performing for three years .	Rene Angelil has been Celine Dion 's manager for decades He reportedly had a tumor removed in December She told a magazine earlier she does n't want him to stress out over work
Washington  CNN  -- Most of us go about our daily business never thinking about the U.S. Supreme Court or the cases it decides . But sometimes , it gets a case so big -- and could affect your life so much -- you simply have to take notice . This week is one of those times . The highest court in the land is preparing to tackle perhaps the most important appeals to reach it in more than a decade : the massive health care reform legislation championed by President Barack Obama . The court will soon hear six hours of oral arguments over three days on the law 's constitutionality -- and your health and your finances could be on the line . Their eventual rulings in an election year will not only guide how every American receives medical care but would also establish precedent-setting boundaries of government regulation over a range of social areas . "  The implications in the health care litigation are impossible to overstate , " said Thomas Goldstein , a prominent Washington attorney and publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  It has tremendous consequences for President Obama 's re-election because it 's a signature achievement . But in terms of law , this case is really going to decide how much power Congress has to regulate spheres that we 've often thought of as the jobs of the states or of just individuals . " A century of federal efforts to offer universal health care culminated with the 2010 passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . After months of bare-knuckled fights over politics and policy , the legislation signed by Obama reached 2,700 pages , nine major sections and 450 some provisions . The U.S. Supreme Court : How it works The partisan debate around such a sweeping piece of legislation has encompassed traditional hot-button topics : abortion and contraception funding , state and individual rights , federal deficits , end-of-life-care and the overall economy . The high court now gets the final word . "  These issues are really central to whether the federal government can regulate anything it wants to , or whether there are some things that only the state governments can regulate , " said Paul Clement , the attorney who will argue against the law , on behalf of a coalition of 26 states . On the other side are progressives who back the Obama administration and its congressional supporters . "  Congress thought it necessary to regulate the nearly 20 % of our nation 's economy that makes up the health care industry and to make sure insurance companies did not discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions , for example , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel at the Constitutional Accountability Center . "  That is squarely within Congress ' authority . " Your guide to the arguments Debate comes down to four key issues Despite its complexity , the high court has narrowed its focus to just four key issues : One : Constitutionality of the individual mandate  also known as the "  minimum coverage " requirement  , the key funding provision . Two : Whether the individual mandate is a "  tax , " thereby limiting authority of the courts to immediately decide the mandate question . Three : Whether other parts of the law can survive if the mandate is struck down . Four : Federal vs. state conflict over expansion of the cooperative Medicaid program . It is the "  individual mandate " that has sparked the most controversy . It requires nearly every American to purchase some level of insurance or face a tax penalty of up to about $ 700 a year . Typical of the ideological divide , the opposing sides do not even agree on what the individual mandate was designed to accomplish . Supporters see it a way of spreading health care costs to a larger pool of individuals , ensuring affordable , quality medical care . They say regulating commerce and the economy has long been a federal prerogative . Health law supporter : ` It really is going to help the American public ' The Justice Department will tell the high court that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives , individuals do not "  choose " to participate in the health care market . Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $ 43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services , costs that are shifted to insurance companies and passed on to consumers . Health law opponent : ` Congress made a bad situation worse ' But opponents see a fundamental constitutional violation , an intrusion into citizens ' personal lives , forcing Americans to purchase a commercial product they might not want or need . The states equate such a requirement to a burdensome regulation of "  inactivity . " One federal appeals court has found the act unconstitutional . Two others have has said it is a proper exercise of congressional mandate . A third court has ruled against the states on technical grounds , saying local officials lack authority to even go into to court and argue the individual mandate issue . Twenty-eight states and countless individuals and groups have sued the administration . What the reform is designed to do Health care reform , a top Democratic priority since the Truman administration , was passed by the previous Congress in a series of close party-line votes . Obama signed the act into law in March 2010 . Among other things , the measure was designed to help millions of uninsured and underinsured Americans receive adequate and affordable health care through a series of government-imposed mandates and subsidies . The federal government will tell the court that 45 million Americans last year lacked health insurance , roughly 15 % of the country 's population . Critics have equated the measure to socialized medicine , fearing that a bloated government bureaucracy will result in higher taxes and diminished health care services . Opponents derisively labeled the measure "  Obamacare . " Republican leaders , who captured the House of Representatives in the 2010 midterm elections , have vowed to overturn or severely trim the law . All the major GOP candidates for president have echoed similar calls , especially in their TV campaign ads . That has concerned some liberal legal analysts . "  It seems what the conservative state attorneys general and the governors were trying to do was seek a do-over of the act in the courts , to achieve what they could n't in the legislature . And it really has become a bit of political theater , " says Wydra . "  If the Supreme Court and especially some of the conservative justices uphold the mandate , and deliver the message to the tea party that their constitutional vision is fundamentally flawed , that makes it much harder for tea party candidates and their supporters to have their constitutional theories taken seriously by the American people . " Supreme Court and election-year blockbusters But the states worry how far the federal government would go in the future , all in the name of regulating "  commerce , " if the high court found the law constitutional . "  I think about just a couple of years ago when the automobile industry was suffering , and Congress said : we 're going to give people incentives to buy new cars , " said Clement . "  Well , it would have been even more effective and even better for the car industry if Congress had just said : if you make more than $ 100,000 , you need to buy a new car . They have n't done that , maybe it 's self-restraint , maybe it 's because the -LSB- sweeping -RSB- power really does n't exist . That 's really what the court is going to decide . " How the justices could rule The entire court of nine justices will hear the case , despite separate calls for Clarence Thomas and Elena Kagan to recuse . They will have several options before them when issuing opinions in these cases . They could separately strike down or uphold the individual mandate and Medicaid provisions and rule whether the entire law must be scrapped . Or they could declare a legal "  time-out " -- concluding the constitutional questions must be postponed until the major provisions go into effect in 2014 , when any real "  harm " from the financial mandates would presumably be felt . Two families , two viewpoints on health reform The opportunity to rule on a landmark case brings with it precedent-setting opportunities to either expand or deflate not only the power of Congress and the executive but also the judiciary 's own prestige and authority . In some ways , it is a perilous path , since the courts have increasingly become a political football . "  We 're in a little bit of a political death spiral for the Supreme Court , as ideologues on the left and right attack justices with whom they disagree , maybe decreasing the public 's confidence in the Supreme Court , " said Scotusblog.com 's Goldstein . "  And as they take up health care , abortion cases , immigration -- all of those issues -- there are going to be more excuses to attack the justices . " So expect nine unelected judges and the tricky issues such as health care they confront to be major talking points in this year 's state and federal elections . Their votes could ultimately decide whom Americans choose on Election Day 2012 . "  Our job on the court is to decide -- and control our stress , " Justice Stephen Breyer told CNN a couple of years ago while discussing how to manage -- personally and professionally -- the biggest , most politically explosive Supreme Court appeals . "  Keep yourself under control . And do your best on the decision . " That 's wellness advice that could serve the nine-member bench -- and anyone passionately folllowing the case -- in the days to come . Read more about the rulings for yourself The cases are Dept. of Health and Human Services v. Florida  11-398  ; National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius  11-393  ; and Florida v. Dept. of HHS  11-400  . Rulings are expected in June .	Court prepares to tackle perhaps the most important appeals to reach it in more than a decade Rulings could establish precedents in regulation over a range of social areas SCOTUSblog editor : "  The implications ... are impossible to overstate " Constitutionality of the reform 's individual mandate is a key point of the case
CNN  -- The women hockey players gathered at the center of the rink and prayed . Tears wet their cheeks and most held hands . Then they lit 10 candles , the number on the jersey of the missing teammate , the one with the huge smile and even bigger heart , who died in last week 's plane crash . Madeline Loftus , 24 , was killed aboard Flight 3407 . She was returning to Buffalo for a reunion hockey game . Madeline Loftus , known as Maddy , was one of 49 people to die aboard Continental Connection Flight 3407 last Thursday . She was returning to Buffalo State College to play in a reunion hockey game on Saturday , to meet up with her old classmates to play the game she loved so dearly . "  She popped into my head every time I got back to the bench , " said former teammate Emma Wadsworth . Breaking down in tears , she said the game was filled with sadness because "  Maddy was n't here . " She described Loftus as an "  awesome teammate , a beautiful person always smiling , and always upbeat , and ready to cheer you up if you were having a bad day . " Watch a promising life cut short " "  She was just amazing , " Wadsworth said . Her teammates said they decided to play the game out , because Loftus would 've wanted them to play on . Loftus ' No. 10 jersey hung from the bench near her friends and former players . "  It 's a really hard time for her teammates , for her friends , for her family , " said teammate Janelle Junior . Loftus , 24 , of Parsippany , New Jersey , played two seasons at Buffalo State from 2002 to 2004 before transferring to St. Mary 's University in Minnesota after her sophomore year . At St. Mary 's , she was a marketing major who starred on the hockey team from 2004 to 2006 . While there , Loftus helped form the Cardinal Athletic Council , a student-athlete outreach program to help with community service projects . "  Madeline was an important part of the university and athletic communities . Our thoughts and prayers now turn to Madeline 's family , friends and teammates as they cope with this sudden loss , " St. Mary 's athletic director Nikki Fennern said in a statement . "  Maddy was the first senior to graduate from my program . She will always hold a special place in my heart , " said Terry Mannor , St. Mary 's women 's hockey coach . "  Everyone who knew her will remember someone full of life and compassion . She was loved by everyone and will be greatly missed . " Officials in Buffalo have said that it may take several days before all the bodies are recovered from the crash site , as investigators work through freezing temperatures and piles of wreckage . See photos of the crash site " About 1,000 people gathered at a church in western New York Monday to remember the crash victims . The community memorialized the 50 victims , with religious leaders from Christian , Jewish , Muslim and Hindu communities offering words of sympathy to the community . "  We 've gathered today because western New York has entered a season of grieving , " said Pastor Karl Eastlack of the Eastern Hills Wesleyan Church . Each speaker emphasized that everyone in the community is connected by the tragedy . One leader said we "  gather in our common desire to console one another . " All 49 passengers and crew members aboard the 74-seat turboprop were killed when the plane crashed into a home in Clarence Center , New York , on Thursday night . A 61-year-old man in the house was also killed . While investigators try to piece together the cause of the crash , portraits of those who died aboard the flight have emerged : • Alison Des Forges spent four years in Rwanda documenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about that atrocity and the current situation in central Africa before U.N. and congressional panels . • Beverly Eckert was the widow of Sean Rooney , who died in the World Trade Center in the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . After Sean 's death , Eckert co-founded Voices of September 11 , an advocacy group for survivors of the attacks and families of those killed . • Gerry Niewood was traveling with jazz guitarist Coleman Mellett for a show with musician Chuck Mangione and the Buffalo Philharmonic at Kleinhans Music Hall . • Co-pilot Rebecca Shaw 's father said she loved to fly and "  could n't believe she 'd get paid " when she took the job . Learn more about the victims On the ice rink in Buffalo Saturday , Loftus ' friends played with a heavy heart . This would have been her first time on the ice with her former Buffalo State teammates since her playing days . Jessica Aykroyd said she had spoken with Loftus right before she left for the airport . "  The last thing I have is : Ca n't wait to see you , " Aykroyd said . Lindsay Welch said simply , "  Her friends and hockey is what she was all about . " So passionate about hockey , Loftus was the first female to play on the boys ' team in high school . In college , when she was n't playing , she worked as a student assistant for the ice rink . "  She was a great student , she was a great hockey player and just a great person . Everybody loved being around her , " said rink manager Jim Fowler . Those who knew her in Minnesota agreed . "  Her classmates were always eager to work with her on projects , " said Thomas Marpe , dean of St. Mary 's School of Business . "  Maddy was enthusiastic about life and especially about women 's hockey . " CNN 's Ines Ferre contributed to this report .	Madeline Loftus was a beloved student , hockey player who died aboard Flight 3407 The 24-year-old was returning to Buffalo to play in a collegiate reunion game Her former teammates played the game Saturday with a heavy heart "  She popped into my head every time I got back to the bench , " former teammate says
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal warmed up for next week 's Indian Wells hard-court tournament by thrashing David Ferrer in the final of the Mexican Open at Acapulco Sunday . The former World No. 1 claimed his 52nd ATP title , his 38th on clay , by seeing off his fellow Spaniard 6-0 6-2 . Since his return from a seven month absence with a knee injury in February , Nadal has won 12 of his 13 matches , coming second in Vina del Mar , Chile , before winning at Sao Paulo last month . Djokovic claims fourth Dubai crown "  I have had some difficult months , especially during my time away from tennis , " the 11-time grand slam winner told reporters . "  But I take with me fond memories of returning to Acapulco . I feel good being back on court . "  I have to thank my family and everyone involved in my rehabilitation . It has been a difficult time over the last few months . "  My heart tells me I should continue competing , that I need to move on to the next tournament . " Federer : ` Naive to think tennis is clean ' Nadal required just 65 minutes to defeat Ferrer , winning 81 % of his first serve points , while saving both of the break points he faced . "  I am sorry about this result but I know Ferrer will be back and I consider him one of the great players of today , " added the World No. 5 . Is the NFL killing American tennis ? Nadal dominated from the start of the contest , taking the first eight games and breaking Ferrer on five occasions . "  I want to congratulate Rafa . He is not an easy player to beat , " Ferrer told reporters . "  If I have to lose , I am happy to lose to Rafa . " In the women 's final , Italian top seed Sara Errani breezed past second seed Carla Suarez Navarro of Spain 6-0 6-4 . In Malaysia , Karolina Pliskova won her first WTA singles crown after defeating Bethanie Mattek-Sands 1-6 7-5 6-3 at Kuala Lumpur . Elsewhere , Latvian qualifier Ernests Gulbis won his third career ATP title by defeating France 's Edouard Roger-Vasselin 7-6 6-3 at the Delray Beach International Championships .	Rafael Nadal ready for Indian Wells next week Spaniard warmed up by winning Mexican Open Nadal defeated David Ferrer 6-0 6-2 to claim title Karolina Pliskova wins maiden WTA title
London  CNN  -- Lee Ridley staggers onto the stage at London 's Soho Theatre and squints into the darkness at the sell-out crowd . It 's the first paid gig in his short career as a stand-up comedian . The microphone stands in the spotlight in the centre of the stage but Lee does n't approach it . He does n't need to because he has no voice . Under the stage name "  Lost Voice Guy , " Lee is fast becoming the talk of the town . Born with cerebral palsy he has been unable to speak since birth . Off-stage he uses a somewhat cumbersome machine which resembles an electric typewriter to convert his words to speech . On stage he uses an iPad with a text-to-voice app . Lost Voice Guy thanks the audience for their warm welcome and adds : "  I have n't felt this important since the doctors said I was going to be a special child . " Encouraged by the laughter he continues , referring to his difficulty walking . "  I know what you were thinking when I walked on . It 's OK I 'm used to it . " Having apparently played on the sympathy of the audience he switches the joke . "  You thought ` here comes another ****** with an iPad . ' Well I 'm not . I 'm a disabled ****** with an iPad -- the difference being I paid for mine with my benefit -LSB- welfare -RSB- money . " Do n't tell David Cameron . He still thinks I can not walk , can barely see and have a problem with my bladder . Unfortunately for those closest to the stage -- one of those facts is actually true . " He 's into his stride now and has the crowd on his side . "  In case you were in any doubt I really am disabled . It 's not just really good acting and I 'm definitely not just in it for the parking space . "  When I realized I would never be able to talk again I was speechless . " Ridley continues , talking about his synthesized voice , a mature male English accent which he refers to as a "  posh version of Robocop " and demonstrates the limited alternatives he had to choose from including a woman 's voice , American accents and a German translation . But just when things are proceeding smoothly , disaster strikes and technology kicks him in the seat of his pants . After an uncomfortable silence Ridley recovers with a little improvisation . "  Sorry Ladies and gentlemen , my iPad has just crashed . Where the **** is Steve Jobs when you need him ? " As the laughter continues he 's up and running once more . "  I am not related to Steven Hawking in any way . However I do hate the way people take the *** out of the way he speaks . I can really synthesize with him ! "  People have often asked me why I want to put myself in a position where everyone can look and stare at me . The truth is that it happens to me every day any way . At least this way there 's a scheduled time and place for it . " He finishes his set with an account of his audition for Simon Cowell 's "  X-Factor " with a dead-pan spoken-word version of "  I believe I can fly " leaving the producers unsure how to handle him . With that he thanks his audience and lurches off the stage with loud cheers ringing in his ears . Just as Ridley thinks the night can not get any better he bumps into one of his heroes -- not a comedian but the manager of his favorite football team , Newcastle United . Manager Alan Pardew is warm in his admiration . "  Let 's be honest -- it takes incredible bravery to do what he 's doing . More bravery than me or any of my players show to do what he 's trying to do . So all I can say is that I wish him all the best in a very tough business . Our business is tough but his is tougher so I wish him all the best . " I suggest to Ridley that his act creates a dilemma for audiences : in normal circumstances it would be offensive for people to laugh at someone 's disability but Lost Voice Guy invites his audience to laugh along with him at his own disability Ridley begins typing and about a minute later his machine gives voice to his thoughts . "  I 've also thought that any subject can be joked about if handled correctly . I think I can get away with more because it 's essentially about me . I 'd like to think the audience go away with a more positive view about disability . " The bookings have begun to roll in -- Ridley has been hired to perform at the prestigious Edinburgh Festival Fringe , attended by many a talent booker in search of the next comedy breakthrough act .	Born with cerebral palsy , Lee Ridley has been unable to speak since birth On stage he uses an iPad with a text-to-voice app The manager of Ridley 's favorite football team praises his bravery Lost Voice Guy invites his audience to laugh along with him at his own disability
CNN  -- You do n't necessarily need a vintage Les Paul or a shiny Stratocaster to be a guitar hero . A Cape Town-based company is crafting eye-catching electric guitars out of re-purposed oil cans , striking a chord with music fans around the world . Dubbed "  Township Guitars , " the hand-made six-strings are inspired by the traditional can instruments that have long been played by the resourceful residents in South Africa 's poorest areas . "  The whole idea comes from the traditional kind of thinking , " explains Dani Ngwenya , the company 's chief quality controller , tasked with personally fine tuning every instrument . "  When we were kids we could n't afford to buy a guitar so we used to make our own guitars , with a can used as an acoustic kind of body -- but these  Township Guitars  are just purely electric , " adds Ngwenya , an accomplished guitarist himself . Distinctive sound Each Township Guitar comes with a single or double coil pick-up as well as volume and tone controls , a truss rod and a fully adjustable bridge . Read this : 5 African festivals you have to see They consist of a five-liter oil can body -- often covered in the colors of the South African flag -- a maple neck and a rosewood fingerboard . This gives the guitar a nice , clean , kind-of-twangy sound , creating a distinctive tone that reflects South Africa 's rich musical history . "  The idea of the oil can guitar is very much a South African thing , " explains Roy Bermeister , chief executive of Township Guitars . Hear the guitar in action Bermeister says that when European settlers arrived in South Africa , they brought with them oil cans , which locals transformed into musical instruments "  Some turned them into drums ; some turned them into bass guitars ; and some turned them into what 's called a ramkiekie , " says Bermeister -- a ramkiekie is an early-style four-string guitar that features an empty oil can as its body . Read this : The rise of Fatoumata Diawara "  So now this ramkiekie is a 21st century guitar that you can hear in Carnegie Hall , " says Bermeister . Played by rock stars The company sells its guitars online and from the small shop it has set up inside the bustling Waterfront Craft Market , a popular destination with tourists visiting Cape Town . Here , near the end of a long line of stalls packed with colorful wares and intricate handicrafts , Ngwenya can be heard strumming away , his fluid playing and distinctive sounds attracting throngs of curious onlookers . Indeed , the company says its hand-built creations have caught the eye of many guitar lovers , including some of the world 's most renowned musicians . "  There is a number of really famous guitar players who 've come and played the guitar here and bought them later , " says Ngwenya from inside the market . Read this : The gospel stars who sell mouse kebabs "  I 've got people like Peter Gabriel buying the guitar , with his guitar player David Rhodes , " says Ngwenya . "  Just recently somebody bought one for David Gilmour , " he adds . "  Chris Rea is one who 's using them a lot ; Roger Taylor bought two guitars a few years ago ; Paul Carrack too . " ` Work of art ' All this would n't be possible , however , if it was n't for a friend of Bermeister , a guitar enthusiast named Graeme Wells . Back in 2002 , Wells decided to make an oil can guitar for himself . A few weeks later , clutching his creation , he met up with Bermeister at a popular Cape Town cafÃ © . "  He showed me this oil can guitar which was magnificently made and tuned beautifully , " remembers Bermeister . "  It was really , in my opinion , a work of art . " Read this : Kora legend breaks music barriers But Bermeister was not the only one impressed by Wells ' creation . Famous South African musician Jimmy Dludlu also happened to be at the same cafe . Fascinated by the oil can guitar , he asked if he could play it and , moments later , ordered one for himself . This prompted Wells and Bermeister to go into business together , setting up a workshop and starting manufacturing the aptly named Afri-Can Guitars . But a few years later , the two split up the business and in April 2008 Wells , who suffered from asthma , died . "  We lost a very talented guitarist and a very talented guitar manufacturer , " says Bermeister . "  He was a real luthier -- we took over from there and just tried to keep the standards . " Unlike Wells ' striking creations , which were mostly designed to be collectors ' items , Bermeister says the company 's focus today is to create solid , affordable guitars with a "  local flavor . " Township Guitars typically cost between $ 525 and $ 650 , depending on the instrument 's features . The company employs five people and imports components such as pick ups , humbuckers and strings from China . Bermeister says that although running such a business is not without its challenges , the company would like to diversify its offerings . "  We see a lot of opportunity in expanding our product range , " he says . Read this : Somali rappers defy bullets Back in the crafts bazaar , Ngwenya continues serenading passersby , his effortless playing filling the spacious market . And when asked if there 's still one famous guitar player he 'd like to hear playing a Township Guitar , Ngwenya pauses for a while , before declaring : "  Eric Clapton , " he says with a smile . "  I 'd really love it if he comes around the shop . " So , if "  Slowhand " is reading , how about an oil can guitar version of Layla ? Click through the gallery above to check out the Township Guitars . Photographs by Darren Wertheim .	A South African company is crafting guitars out of old oil cans The idea comes from traditional South African instruments made out of cans The firm says many famous musicians have one of their guitars The guitars are sold online at a Cape Town craft market
CNN  -- In the sparse hinterland of Africa 's southernmost nation plans are afoot to boldly take the continent where it has never gone before -- the deepest reaches of outer space . It 's here , in South Africa 's Karoo desert , that construction is scheduled to begin on the Square Kilometer Array , a cluster of 3,000 satellites working in tandem over a square kilometer area . This highly sensitive collective of dishes and antennas will combine to act as a giant radio telescope -- the biggest in the world when built , according to the SKA Organization -- probing the dark heart of space . An accompanying selection of array and aperture antennas , meanwhile , will provide continuous coverage of radio waves between 70 MhZ and 10 GhZ that penetrate the earth 's atmosphere . Scientists hope the project will shed further light on the mysteries posed by the likes of quasars , dark matter and black holes . According to Phil Diamond , Director-General of the SKA Organisation , the project could even enable scientists to "  pick up signals from extraterrestrials " should they exist , although this is n't the projects primary objective . There 's also the exciting possibility of capturing information on how the universe evolved in its earliest moments . The space effect For science , the prize is clearly huge . A full budget for the SKA is yet to be confirmed but construction is slated to begin by 2018 . Given the scale of the project , which has the backing of 11 member countries , some have even dubbed the SKA astronomy 's version of the Large Hadron Collider . For South Africa and the wider African continent , there are also many ancillary benefits . The SKA -- an international affair -- is headquartered in the UK with the telescope itself planned for a "  dual site " location in Australia and South Africa . Distant stations will also be set up in Botswana , Kenya , Madagascar , Mauritius , Mozambique , Namibia , Zambia and Ghana . SKA South Africa is also building the MeerKAT radio telescope , which will act as a precursor to the SKA and later be integrated into the larger telescope . The construction , observation and upkeep of these facilities will provide skilled jobs for local people . SKA South Africa project director Bernie Fanaroff , meanwhile , says that the telescope array will generate more data in a day than already exists on the entire internet . As such , new computer software and programs that can pinpoint relevant data and allow humans to interact with it in a simple and time-efficient manner are currently being developed . Given the increasing importance of "  big data " collection and analysis across a host of contemporary industries , South Africa 's government is taking a calculated risk that the technologies underpinning these systems will find further commercial use both in Africa and beyond . Economic benefits For the Rainbow Nation , these are clearly exciting and potentially lucrative developments to be a part of . "  South Africa wants to move away from being resource heavy economy to bring young people into science and technology , " explains Fanaroff . "  Building the SKA ... is a way of emphasizing and getting people to accept that science and tech is a key part of development . " This is a point of view that Dr Sandile Malinga , head of the South African National Space Agency , strongly concurs with . He points to successful SANSA programs currently underway -- including the development and launch of satellites that provide data used to inform government decisions on security , agriculture and environmental protection -- which prove the benefits of serious investment in a modern space program . The agency also gave help to NASA 's Mars Curiosity Mission during launch in 2011 . "  There are  endless possibilities through innovation and new technologies , which may be replicated on earth , " Malinga says . "  The necessary knowledge and skills developed through such missions will open doors for our people to position themselves equally on the global space stage and even bring in external funding to our countries thus boosting the economies , " he adds . The African space race South Africa is n't the only African nation thinking along these lines . Nigeria , Morocco , Tunisia , Algeria and Egypt have all established space and satellite programs with similar aims . Ghana , Uganda , Angola , Ethiopia and Kenya , meanwhile , have voiced their commitment to follow suit . Some observers question whether the underlying infrastructure to enable these ambitions to flourish in the long term is currently in place . Calestous Juma , a Harvard University professor and co-chair of the African Union 's High-Level Panel on Science , Technology and Innovation , told CNN that while it is right that African nations invest in space technology they must do so in a thoughtful and strategic manner . He points to the importance of focusing on education and inspiring future generations to become scientists and engineers , to create valuable and highly skilled workforces . "  What we do n't want is vanity space programs , " Juma said . "  As it stands , I think they are focusing more on the space programs and less on the education ...  space programs  have to be designed as a capability program otherwise the economic return will not be fully realized . " While this may be the case for some African nations , Fanaroff says that since 2005 South Africa has issued some 600 grants in their human capacity development program , covering "  everything from research chairs down to artisan training . " "  We 're putting a lot of young people through a pipeline where we 're trying to take them into astronomy and physics or engineering in their first or second year of university and taking them all the way through to post-doctoral fellowships . That 's starting to work quite well , " adds Fanaroff . Aid and space Despite his concerns about infrastructure , Calestous Juma is enthusiastic about the broader aims of developing space programs on the continent . There are others , however , who say that African nations should focus more on providing for the basic needs of their populations than on the luxury of space investment . South Africa has one of the largest gaps between rich and poor globally , with millions living in shanty towns -- although earlier this year , the government reported that the population living in extreme poverty has dropped by 2.4 million since 2006 . Egypt has been wracked by political instability and violence since former president of 30 years , Hosni Mubarak was forced to resign by protesters in 2011 and the subsequent overthrow in 2013 of President Mohamed Morsy in a military coup . And in Nigeria , some regions boast the unenviable record of having 60 % of their population living in extreme poverty . Matthew Sinclair from the British Taxpayers Alliance body was quoted by the UK 's Independent newspaper in 2013 asking why his country was sending money to provide development assistance to nations like Nigeria and South Africa when they are investing in space technologies . "  If a foreign government has enough cash to invest in an ambitious space program , it should not expect to be receiving cash from the UK , " Sinclair said . Colonial thinking The likes of Malinga and Fanaroff , however , have little time for these suggestions . "  This is an argument we hear often and is largely as a result of the public not being able to make the link between the benefits of space investment against addressing society 's needs , " Malinga says . "  Africa has immense challenges with poverty , hunger and access to potable water which can all be diminished through investment in space " by providing valuable data that can make public policy more efficient , for example . On top of this , "  innovations that arise from the ` out-of-the-box ' thinking that space encourages will impact on growing local economies and create opportunities for Africans in the global market , " he adds . Fanaroff , however , is more withering in his riposte . "  We do n't accept that South Africa has to remain on the edge of civilization . That we do n't accept , that 's the old colonial way of thinking , " Fanaroff says . "  For South Africa and Africa  this could be  the next great economic growth story , " he adds . "  We will play a role in the future . "	The Square Kilometer Array is an ambitious radio telescope project Much of it will be based in South Africa -- and other African nations South Africa 's space agency hopes SKA will have knock-on economic benefits Increasing number of African nations looking to invest in space programs
CNN  -- Thomas Muller scored a hat-trick as Bayern Munich secured their first victory in a competitive match under new manager Pep Guardiola Monday . Their 5-0 win over SW Rehden in the German Cup was to be expected against opposition from Germany 's fifth tier , but the holders avoided the pitfalls that have befallen other top Bundesliga sides in the early rounds of this competition . It also followed a 4-2 defeat to arch rivals Borussia Dortmund in the Germany Super Cup last weekend in Guardiola 's first competitive match in charge . Muller 's goals -- including a penalty -- helped the European champions to a comfortable win , with Brendan Shaqiri and Dutch star Arjen Robben also on target as they went into Saturday 's second round draw . Guardiola 's men open their Bundesliga title defense against Borussia Moenchengladbach in the Allianz Arena Friday . Moenchengladbach fell victim to a first round cup defeat Sunday as they were beaten on penalties by Darmstadt . Werder Bremen also exited to third division opposition in Sarrebruck Saturday . Guardiola put out a strong Bayern side for their cup match , but rested Franck Ribery and captain Philipp Lahm while new signing from his former club Thiago Alcantara also had to be content with a place on the bench . Schalke also went through earlier with a win over FC Noettingen 2-0 . Meanwhile , France striker Loic Remy has moved to English Premier League side Newcastle on a season-long loan deal from Queens Park Rangers . Remy had been expected to leave after QPR were relegated from England 's top flight last season as he looks to secure his place in the French international side ahead of the 2014 World Cup . He was one of QPR manager Harry Redknapp 's key signings in last season 's winter transfer window , but despite impressing was unable to prevent them from avoiding the drop . Remy is the first major signing of the latest transfer window for Newcastle . Earlier , Tottenham Hotspur completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record Â # 26 million  $ 40 million  .	Bayern Munich beat minnows SW Rehden 5-0 in German Cup Thomas Muller scores hat-trick Pep Guardiola 's second competitive game in charge Loic Remy heading to Newcastle on season-long loan
On Tuesday night , Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- long a public fan of Judaism -- marked the beginning of the Jewish festival of Hanukkah by comparing it to the Boston Tea Party , which was celebrating its 241st anniversary the same day . There is a parallel to be drawn here -- but Perry chose the wrong tea party and the wrong lessons . Let 's back up . The Hanukkah story , to which Perry 's statement made reference , is a fairly straightforward one : In the second century B.C. , a small band of faithful Jews , led by Judah Maccabee , rose up against the oppressive Seleucid Empire , which had taken control of the Temple in Jerusalem , and won a surprising victory . The Maccabees recaptured the Temple and rededicated it to the God of Israel . They found , however , that they had only one day 's worth of oil for the holy lamps , the menorah -- but miracle of miracles , that oil lasted for eight days . Hence the Hanukkah we know and love : eight days of candles . It is this story that Perry had in mind when he said , "  The same spirit of freedom that inspired the Maccabees to rise up against a foreign empire motivated our Founding Fathers to rebel against the Crown on that fateful night . They knew , as the Jewish people know , that the few can overcome the many , that right can defeat might , that faith can transcend persecution . " Now , if we 're talking about the traditional Hanukkah story described above , there are some problems with Perry 's analogy . The most prominent might be the definition of "  freedom . " For the Maccabees , what was at stake was the very existence of Judaism : The Temple , the very seat of God 's dwelling on earth , was in the hands of pagans who prohibited Jewish worship there . The Boston Tea Party was a complaint about excessive taxes . Now , it 's true that some Republicans have exhibited something close to religious fervor about the question of taxation in America . But we should not confuse economic oppression with religious persecution . That "  faith can transcend persecution " is usually not one of the lessons associated with the Revolutionary War .  Though it is the sort of language that one hears from the far right these days , almost regardless of whether the topic actually has anything to do with religion . There 's also a question of degree . The Boston Tea Party may have been an important symbolic act , and one whose importance has only grown with time , but it was still a symbolic act . This was people dressed up in costumes tossing tea into the water , to make a point to a government 3,000 miles away . The Revolutionary War did n't start for another two years after the Tea Party . The Maccabees took up swords -- swords ! -- against an occupying imperial army . Perhaps more important : the traditional Hanukkah story , charming though it is , is n't what actually happened , or why . It 's true , the Maccabees took up arms to retake the Temple . But their fight was n't really with the Seleucids , it was with other Jews . For decades a bitter debate had raged among the Jews of the Hellenistic Empire : to assimilate or not to assimilate . In Jerusalem , in the Temple , the assimilationists had gained the upper hand and collaborated closely with the imperial powers . This caused great dismay among the orthodox traditionalists , mostly living in the country , and a civil war seemed imminent . The Seleucids stepped in to prevent any violence -- but , naturally , they took the side of the assimilationists . The Maccabees were country boys , on the side of the traditionalists . When they recaptured the Temple , they were taking it back not only from the Seleucids , but from the assimilationist Jews who had  in the minds of the Maccabees and their followers  corrupted the old ways of worship . As for the miracle of the oil lasting for eight days : That part of the story was n't invented until hundreds of years later . It appears for the first time in the Talmud , which was finished in around the sixth century A.D. . The real miracle of the Hanukkah event was the military victory of a small guerrilla force against an imperial army , and that 's what was celebrated for centuries thereafter . In this light , Perry 's analogy to the Tea Party seems somewhat more apt -- but the analogy should be to the modern tea party movement , not to the Boston Tea Party of 1773 . A small group , mostly originating outside the urban centers , which considers itself to be upholding the old customs and beliefs of its nation , and which is vigorously opposed to the inclusion of foreign elements in the national culture -- that could be either the Maccabees or the tea party . Throw in the occasional language of secession or government overthrow and we 're almost all the way there . This would seem to be strong ground for Perry to stand on : the tea party as modern Maccabees . The problem is that the rule established by the Maccabees was n't quite as glorious as their initial victory . Within a century of taking power in Jerusalem , the dynasty established by the Maccabees had become as Hellenized and assimilationist as the one it had overthrown .  Meet the new boss , same as the old boss . Its leaders took on the imperial title of "  king " and took Greek names , and fought among themselves just as the Jewish rulers had before the Maccabees took over . A little more than 100 years after the great victory of independence , Jerusalem was retaken by the Romans , and Herod the Great took command as king of the Jews . It is thus something of a grave historical error for Perry 's statement to take this as the lesson of Hanukkah : "  Our Republic , like the light of the ancient Menorah , has lasted longer than anyone could have predicted . " The myth of the long-lasting menorah is a distraction from the historical reality of the short-lived Jewish independence that followed the rededication of the Temple . Perhaps worse , Perry said : "  Chanukah reminds us of the power of faith to sustain a nation and ensure the security of our ally , Israel . " As the Maccabees learned long ago , and as modern Israelis well know today , faith is never a guarantee of national security .	Rick Perry compares Hanukkah to the Boston Tea Party There is a parallel -- but Perry chose the wrong tea party and the wrong lessons , Baden says The outgoing Texas governor also flubs a few historical facts
Al Qaeda-linked militants justified their takeover of a strategic opposition-held town near the Syrian border with Turkey by accusing the Syrian rebels who held it of being pro-democracy traitors who cooperated with Western officials like U.S. Sen. John McCain . The ousted rebels "  have called for democracy ... which conflicts with Islamic teachings , " the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria announced in an online statement Monday . ISIS said it "  cleansed " the northern border town of Azaz of more moderate fighters from the rebel Free Syrian Army in the past week because the rebels "  received American Senator McCain and agreed with him to fight Islamists . " Earlier this year , McCain made a surprise visit to this border region to lend support to Syrian rebels . FSA rebels have controlled Azaz and the Syrian side of the Oncupinar-Bab el Salama border crossing with Turkey since seizing the town from the government of President Bashar al-Assad last year . ISIS militants attacked the Syrian rebels and drove them out of Azaz after the rebels refused to hand over a German doctor that the al Qaeda-linked group accused of being a Western spy . The deadly power play by ISIS left at least one prominent Syrian opposition activist from Azaz dead . The militant group also detained dozens of other anti-Assad fighters and activists , some of whom still remain in ISIS custody . ISIS ' ranks are bolstered by foreign jihadi militants from North Africa , the Caucasus and Iraq . The group was denounced by the Syrian National Coalition , a Western-backed opposition group that operates largely in exile . "  ISIS no longer fights the Assad regime , " the coalition declared in a statement published Friday . "  Rather it is strengthening its positions in liberated areas at the expense of the civilians . ISIS is inflicting on the people the same suppression of the Baath Party and the Assad regime . " But it is unclear how much the coalition can dictate events on the ground inside Syria , where the north of the country is controlled by an assortment of rebel factions that often compete for weapons , territory and financial resources . The Bab al Salama border gate is one of the main conduits for international aid to the opposition-controlled enclave in Northern Syria . International aid organizations have established logistical offices in the nearby Turkish city of Gaziantep to coordinate deliveries of badly needed food and medical supplies to millions of displaced Syrians . The U.S. State Department has used the gate for previous shipments of what it describes as "  non-lethal aid " to Syrian rebels . The ISIS statement included a sharp warning to members of the Syrian opposition who work with Western governments and organizations . "  Those who cooperate with the Americans will be treated like them as per the holy Koran , " ISIS announced . Several hundred FSA fighters still control the customs terminal at the border gate leading to Turkey . However , eyewitnesses tell CNN that ISIS militants now control the town of Azaz , located less than a five-minute drive away .	The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria says democracy conflicts with Islamic teachings It says rebels it ousted from Azaz , Syria , were cooperating with Westerners The Syrian National Coalition says ISIS "  no longer fights the Assad regime "
Rason , North Korea  CNN  -- When Bernt Johansson crossed the mountainous countryside of North Korea into the city of Rason , the crowds there reminded the Swedish biker of the adulation that greeted his 1976 Olympic gold finish in Montreal . "  Street after street was packed with people . When I waved , they cheered . And when I waved with both hands they cheered even more , " he said . "  It was fantastic . " North Korea is famous for many things -- allegations of human rights violations and nuclear missile threats for a start -- but not for co-hosting international sporting events . But when some 40 Western cyclists from seven countries crossed the Tumen River between China and North Korea early Monday morning , it was the first time that a bicycle race -- or any sports event -- had started in China and finished in North Korea , according to event organizers and local officials . Only a few months ago North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un threatened to attack both the United States and South Korea and told foreign embassies in Pyongyang to consider evacuating staff . Now , Seoul and Pyongyang have moved to ease tensions . At a wrestling competition earlier this month in North Korea , the South Korean national anthem was played and its flag raised for the first time since the division of the two countries . Last week , the joint industrial park in Kaesong -- one of the key symbols of cooperation between North and South Korea -- reopened after a five-month hiatus . The North Korean government also revealed plans last month to develop its tourism sector , starting direct flights to Pyongyang from China , Southeast Asia and Europe , according to North Korean state media Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . "  The North Korean government is clearly on a charm and smile offensive . They are being nicer to the outside world , " said Professor Brian Bridges of the Lingnan University in Hong Kong "  We see a change of leadership style from the young leader , although we still have n't seen any change in economic policies or political reforms . " Monday 's event , officially named "  Nordic Ways Vasa China - DPRKorea International Cycling Tourism Festival , " was a non-timed 50-kilometer race that was part of a larger bicycle competition in the Jilin province , northeast China . Nordic Ways , a Swedish company that promotes Nordic-style sports in China , organized the race . "  We 've been negotiating with the Chinese and North Koreans for more than a year , " said Gåvert Wååg , chairman of Nordic Ways . "  With sport we build bridges and break boundaries . This gives North Korea a window to the West . " After leaving Chinese territory on Monday , the cyclists were bussed to the North Korean side of the river and then instructed to lead the bikes back to the middle of the bridge to re-start . While the cyclists were good humored , edgy border guards , guides and government officials carefully monitored their every move ahead of the mass start . The North Korean path was a demanding track , many bikers said , yet stunningly beautiful . Steep serpentine roads took the riders up to high peaks , offering breathtaking views of the scenic countryside with its widespread cornfields , pine trees and small villages . Peasants and villagers stood by the road . Some clapped , while curious children stood watching wide-eyed in amazement at the spectacle . Police officers posted alongside the roads occasionally gave a discreet nod as bikers passed . However , it was when the riders rolled into the city of Rason that the real magnitude of the event came into view . The streets were lined with thousands of cheering spectators , waving flags and taking photos with mobile phones . In buildings people were leaning out of windows or standing at balconies to get a glimpse of the Western cyclists , with state media following their every move . "  I 've never experienced anything like this before , " said 47-year-old Mike Evans from London after passing the finishing line . "  And I will probably never experience anything like it again . " Thirty-seven-year-old Brit Helen Simmenes from Norway said it was "  just wild " and the greatest day in her life as a cyclist . It was also a big day for North Koreans . During the welcoming and prize ceremonies , high-ranking politicians praised international friendship and the development of economic cooperation with North Korea and the Rason Special Economic Zone . "  You who have participated in this international cycling tourism festival held in Rason city for friendship and development of relationship of economy and cooperation ,  and you  will be able to see the beautiful view of Rason City which is developing to a world-class economic and trade city , " Chon Dong Chol , head of the Rason tourism bureau , told the racers after the finish . "  You should be proud of yourself that you are the first foreign tourists who have visited northern seaside of the Democratic Peoples ' Republic of Korea , the land of morning calm , by bicycle . " The entire event was steeped in propaganda . After the race , the bikers were entertained by a dance performance of little children with songs hailing the "  Great " and "  Dear Leaders " Kim Il Sung and his son , Kim Jong-Il . That was followed to a visit to a greenhouse full of flowers named after Kim Jong-Il and a foreign-language bookstore filled with tomes dedicated to the Kim dynasty . The day ended with a lavish dinner party at Rason 's top hotel with plenty of boozing and singing . Although the participants were told to keep their opinions about the North Korean regime to themselves , many of the bikers quietly expressed reservations about the bizarre fact that starvation and labor camps were not far away from their oversized dinner tables . But unease about joining the event was tempered by the idea that "  something good may come from it , " one biker said . But the signals being sent by North Korea on the international stage remained mixed . Pyongyang rescinded an invitation last month to a U.S. envoy to discuss American prisoner Kenneth Bae . Planned reunions of North and South Korean families were recently canceled . And satellite images of North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility last month have again raised questions about whether the country has restarted its plutonium production reactor , which Western experts see as a key component in the development of a nuclear weapon . "  Unfortunately , what good comes out of these quiet and informal contacts could easily be erased as soon as North Korea starts threatening to shoot missiles again , " Professor Bridges said .	Earlier this week , Western cyclists raced from China across the North Korean border Thousands of spectators at the North Korean finish line greeted the 40 cyclists Comes as Pyongyang gives mixed signals of rapprochement and renewed rancor Analyst : "  The North Korean government is clearly on a charm and smile offensive "
Africa , where 70 % of the population is under the age of 30 , is buzzing with business ideas and innovative spirit -- but who are the continent 's brightest young entrepreneurs ? The answer was given last week when 12 young entrepreneurs from all across Africa traveled to Johannesburg to compete for the annual Anzisha Prize -- currently in its fourth year , Anzisha Prize is a pan-African award celebrating entrepreneurs aged 15-22 who 've come up with innovative ways to solve problems in their communities , or have launched successful businesses in their areas . Cameroonian Alain Nteff , 22 , was named as the grand prize winner of the $ 25,000 prize for launching Gifted Mom , a mobile app that helps mothers and health workers calculate due dates in order to reduce the high newborn and pregnant women death rates . South African schoolbag manufacturer Thato Kgatlhanye was first runner up , receiving a cash prize of $ 15,000 . Gabriel Kombassere , a 17 year-old farmer from the Ivory Coast , was awarded $ 12,500 for coming second runner up . Click through the gallery above to find out more about the 12 finalists of this year 's Anzisha Prize . Read this : Africa is buzzing with entrepreneurial spirit Read this : Teen plans ` hacker school ' to build next Google Read this : From teen entrepreneur to paper bag king	The Anzisha Prize celebrates young entrepreneurs across Africa The winners shared prizes worth $ 75,000 Innovations by the finalists help solve social problems This year , the Anzisha Prize received 339 applications from 32 countries
CNN  -- Google plans to start combining information the company collects about each user of its various websites and services into a single profile , the company announced on Tuesday . Previously , Google said it did not create comprehensive profiles across its various properties , including its leading search engine , Android smartphone operating system and YouTube video site . In a statement , Alma Whitten , a Google privacy director , wrote that the changes "  will mean a simpler , more intuitive Google experience . " She added , "  Our recently launched personal search feature is a good example of the cool things Google can do when we combine information across products . " That change , called Google Search Plus Your World , brought criticism from rivals Facebook and Twitter , which said that Google + content now buries their own pages in Google 's search engine , and from people who do not care to use Google 's new social network . The new privacy policy , too , has already sparked concerns voiced on social networks , including on Google 's own platform . "  Google consolidating data -- gives me some cause for concern , " Robert Mason , a professor of information technology at the University of Washington , wrote publicly on his Google + profile . A Google spokeswoman declined to comment and instead referred CNN to Whitten 's statement and a brief document posted on the company 's website . The latter notes that Google does not sell users ' personal info to other companies , and that people who do not like the changes can close their accounts . Google uses some of the data it collects based on people 's usage in order to deliver advertisements customized to individuals . Whitten boasted in her company blog post that the single , shorter privacy policy should appease government regulators who have called for simplifications across the industry . Facebook made a similar claim last year when it removed much of the legal jargon from its privacy agreement . Google 's new privacy policy will go into effect on March 1 . It applies to everyone who is logged into a Google account while searching , checking Gmail , watching YouTube videos or downloading apps to an Android phone . The company plans to send e-mails to users and post a notification on its home page about the changes , Whitten wrote .	Google announces changes to its privacy policy Google will soon create a single profile of the data it has about each user The new policy will take effect on March 1
Seattle  CNN  -- A libel case against the parents of Amanda Knox "  feels very personal , " the mother of the American student convicted of murder in Italy told CNN . "  I would n't say the Italian justice system  is after us .  I would say a few people in Perugia , definitely , " Edda Mellas said , referring to the central Italian city where Knox was tried for the 2007 killing of her British roommate Meredith Kercher . She cited a radio commentator who suggested the authorities ' attitude seemed to be : "  Maybe if we keep at them they 'll go away or go bankrupt or whatever . "  But it 's not stopping us , " she said . "  It 's all about truth and justice and we have done nothing wrong , " she said . "  Amanda 's allowed to tell her story and she 's been saying it hundreds of times since she was arrested , " Mellas said . "  When we get asked , ` What did Amanda tell you ? ' , we tell the truth : Here 's what Amanda said . And that 's why we 're being charged . " Mellas and her ex-husband , Curt Knox , were indicted Tuesday on charges of libeling police in Perugia , she and the family 's Italian attorney said . In a 2009 interview in the Sunday Times of London , they said that their daughter "  had not been given an interpreter , had not received food and water , and had been physically and verbally abused " by police after her arrest for the murder of the exchange student , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . They also said police struck her and told her "  things will get worse for you " if she requested an attorney . "  Yes , I am going to trial for libel ... along with one of my lawyers and a group of journalists , " Mellas told CNN Tuesday . "  We are very upset by this decision , " said Luciano Ghirga , Amanda Knox 's attorney who represents her family in this case . "  We worked toward a dismissal because there was no intent " on the part of Knox 's parents to libel the police , he said . The indictment says their claims were "  contrary to the truth , " according to ANSA . "  We knew this was coming for a while , " Mellas said . "  I got served my papers a year ago , back over a year ago , so I knew , we knew this was coming . " She said she would attend hearings in her own trial only if she happened to be in Italy anyway . But she would continue to fight the charges for fear she could be arrested in Italy if she does not , she said . "  We have to jump through the hoops until I know that I will never have to go back to that country again , " she said . "  I think our case may go years , depending on what happens in Perugia . If we 're found guilty we will appeal , even if it means going to the Supreme Court , " she said . She said fighting the charges had been financially draining . "  I think we 've mortgaged just about everything we can mortgage , but there 's been very kind people who have sent donations to help pay for Amanda 's defense , " she said . A hearing in the parents ' case is set for July 4 , Ghirga said . "  These are old charges , " said David Marriott , spokesman for the family . "  They 've been around since 2009 . " The story in question was published in 2008 , he said , and Knox 's parents were repeating what their daughter had told them . The indictment , Marriott said , finalizes the charges the prosecutor had filed and is "  nothing surprising . " Knox 's parents ' focus is not on their case , he said , but on her appeal of her conviction , which is under way . There is a break in the proceedings for experts to retest forensic evidence , he said . "  This is , I guess you 'd call it , a bit of a minor distraction , " Marriott said . Knox , 23 , was sentenced in December to 26 years in prison for Kercher 's death at the villa the two shared in Perugia , the central Italian town where both were students . Kercher , 21 , was found dead in November 2007 , semi-naked with her throat slashed . Knox and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were both found guilty of the murder . Sollecito is serving a 25-year sentence . A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , was tried separately and is serving a 16-year prison sentence . The forensic experts retesting evidence as part of Knox 's appeal must conclude their analysis by May 9 and their results are to be presented on May 21 to a jury composed of two judges and six citizens . Evidence being retested includes a knife found in Sollecito 's apartment with Knox 's DNA on the handle and what Perugia prosecutors say is Kercher 's DNA in a tiny groove on the blade . The prosecution contends that the knife was used to stab Kercher in the neck and that it had been cleaned . The DNA matter attributed to Kercher consists of flesh , not blood , they say . The sample , however , was so small that forensic scientists investigating Kercher 's murder were not able to double test it in accordance with international forensic science norms , which Knox 's legal team says raises doubts about its validity . The second piece of evidence the forensic experts will test is the tiny metal clasp from Kercher 's bra , which was cut from her body after her slaying . Forensic scientists in the investigatory phase determined that Sollecito 's DNA is present on the metal clasp . The clasp was identified on an investigatory video on November 2 , 2007 , when Kercher 's body was found . But the clasp was not collected until nearly six weeks later , giving the defense cause to question whether the sample may have been contaminated . The court is not expected to make a final ruling on the appeal until next summer . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Hada Messia , Ashley Hayes , Todd Schwarzschild and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : A new indictment against Curt Knox and Edda Mellas will not stop them , she says They said their daughter told them she was physically and verbally abused The claims were made in a 2009 Sunday Times of London interview A hearing is set for July
Within hours of becoming a national hero , a viral video star and the top topic on Twitter , Charles Ramsey talked about having trouble getting sleep . It was n't because of all the excitement that followed his knocking down a Cleveland neighbor 's door , freeing three women and a girl who police say were held hostage for years . Instead , Ramsey told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday , it was about knowing he had lived for a year near the captive women on the city 's West Side . "  Up until yesterday the only thing that kept me from losing sleep was the lack of money , " the restaurant dishwasher said on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  I could have done this last year , not this hero stuff , " said Ramsey . "  Just do the right thing . " Ramsey recounted Monday night 's drama , when he heard a girl scream "  like a car had hit a kid . " He ran from his living room , clutching a half-eaten McDonald 's Big Mac , to the house and helped free a woman identified as Amanda Berry . "  Amanda said , ` I 've been trapped in here . He wo n't let me out . It 's me and my baby . " Who are the three women freed in Cleveland ? Ramsey and a man named Angel Cordero broke down the door , CNN affiliate WEWS reported in an earlier interview heard around the world . Ramsey told CNN he had never seen Berry before Monday , and at first , he could not place the name . "  Berry did n't register with me until I was on the phone , like wait a minute , I thought this girl was dead . " "  She 's like , ` This  expletive  kidnapped me and my daughter , ' " he told the 911 operator , according to WEWS . Why the Web loves Ramsey After police arrived , Berry explained there were other women inside . When police came out with them , Ramsey told the station , "  it was astonishing . " Berry was last seen after finishing her shift at a Burger King in Cleveland in 2003 on the eve of her 17th birthday . The other two women are Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who disappeared at age 14 in 2004 , and Michelle Knight , who vanished in August 2002 , at age 21 , according to police . Ramsey told CNN he is no hero and should not receive any reward . "  You 've got to put that being a coward and ' I do n't want to get in nobody 's business , ' " he said . "  You got to put that away for a minute . " ' I barbecue with this dude ' While Ramsey 's quick action in the largely rundown neighborhood made him a hero , his colorful descriptions to WEWS helped make him dream fodder for the Twitterverse . Explaining that he had no idea Ariel Castro , his neighbor , may have had other people inside his home , Ramsey said , "  I 've been here a year . You see where I 'm coming from ? I barbecue with this dude . We eat ribs and whatnot and listen to salsa music ... "  He just comes out to his backyard , plays with the dogs , tinkers with his cars and motorcycles , goes back in the house . So he 's somebody you look , then look away . He 's not doing anything but the average stuff . You see what I 'm saying ? There 's nothing exciting about him . Well , until today . " Castro "  got some big testicles to pull this off , bro , " Ramsey told WEWS . "  Because we see this dude every day . I mean every day . " He added , "  I knew something was wrong when a little , pretty white girl ran into a black man 's arms . Something is wrong here . Dead giveaway . " In one of the top tweets about Ramsey , comedian Patton Oswalt wrote , "  Dear Charles Ramsey : I am not a little pretty white girl , but I totally want to run into your black arms . #hero . " Hodge 's restaurant in Cleveland posted a message on Facebook saying , "  we 're extremely proud of our employee Charles Ramsey for not turning his back on the young women . He 's a true Cleveland hero . Our thoughts and prayers will continue to be with the women , their families and their friends . " Restaurant owner Chris Hodgson told CNN that Ramsey goes above and beyond in his duties . "  You give him something to do , and he 'll do more , " he said . "  We always look forward to seeing him , because you know he 's gon na bring a smile to your face . " Hodgson said people have offered to raise money for Ramsey , but the employee would end up giving it to the victims and their families . The company is working with other restaurants to plan fund-raisers for the families , Hodgson said . For its part , McDonald 's Corp. , on its Twitter account Tuesday , said , "  Way to go Charles Ramsey -- we 'll be in touch . " Despite his assertions , Ramsey and Berry were praised as heroes by John Walsh , former host of TV 's "  America 's Most Wanted . " At an awards dinner for the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , Walsh said he called Ramsey on Tuesday to tell him that . "  You are the guy who decided in 30 seconds to go up and spring a woman from a house of hell that she 's been in and was desperate to get out that door with her 6-year-old daughter , " Walsh recalled saying . Ramsey said he was raised to help women in distress , said Walsh . Ramsey interview goes viral , gets autotune treatment Breathless 911 call Ramsey 's demeanor comes across clearly in his 911 call . "  Hey bro , " Ramsey tells the 911 operator . "  Check this out . I just came from McDonald 's right ? So I 'm on my porch eating my little food , right ? This broad is trying to break out the f ----- g house next door to me , so there 's a bunch of people on the street right now and s -- t . So we 're like , ` What 's wrong , what 's the problem ? ' She 's like , ` This m -------- r done kidnapped me and my daughter ... She said her name is Linda Berry or some s -- t. I do n't know who the f -- k that is , I just moved over here , bro . You know what I mean ? " He then answers the 911 operator 's questions about the woman , what she looks like , and what she 's wearing . Ramsey tells the operator an address which he says corresponds to Berry 's location , not Ramsey 's home address . "  I 'm smarter than that , bro . I 'm telling you where the crime was , not my house , " he says . "  Are the people that she said did this , are they still in the house ? " the 911 operator asks . "  I do n't have a f ----- g clue , bro . Like I said , I just came from McDonald 's . " The operator then asks him to check whether Berry needs an ambulance . "  She needs everything . She 's in a panic , bro . She 's been kidnapped , so , you know , put yourself in her shoes . " "  We 'll send the police out , " the operator responds .	I 'm no hero , Charles Ramsey tells CNN Charles Ramsey 's 911 call : "  She needs everything . She 's in a panic , bro . " His quick action freed three women and a girl allegedly held captive Ramsey works as a dishwasher at a local restaurant
San Francisco  CNN  -- A three-judge panel will hear motions Thursday on whether a federal court decision to invalidate a ban on same-sex marriages in California should be overturned because the judge was gay and in a long-term relationship . Federal District Court Judge Vaughn Walker -- who has since retired -- overturned the voter-approved measure known as Proposition 8 after a two-week trial in 2010 , saying gay and lesbian couples were unfairly denied the right to marry . In June , District Court Judge James Ware upheld the ruling by his former colleague . "  It is not reasonable to presume that a judge is incapable of making an impartial decision about the constitutionality of a law , solely because , as a citizen , the judge could be affected by the proceedings , " Ware ruled . Ware , based in San Francisco , backed the original ruling by Walker that the ban on same-sex marriage in the state was unconstitutional -- a violation of equal protection . Also at Thursday 's hearing , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will hear a motion to release the trial video . The 9th Circuit , in a hearing about a year ago , indicated it was inclined to toss out Prop 8 . Both sides of the dispute acknowledge the issue of same sex-marriage is likely headed to the U.S. Supreme Court , perhaps within the coming year .	A judge ruled the law unconstitutional and later revealed he was gay Proposition 8 recognizes marriages only between one man and one woman The case is expected to end up in the U.S. Supreme Court , both sides say
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier who blew the whistle on his fellow soldiers ' links to the killing of civilians in Afghanistan -- and who himself is accused of one slaying -- has been moved to solitary confinement for his safety , a source said . Spc. Adam Winfield , 21 , told Army investigators that he alerted his father to the civilian killings early this year and told him that he feared for his own life , according to an interrogation tape obtained by CNN . His father tried and failed to get the military to intervene , Winfield 's attorney , Eric Montalvo , said . Winfield now is held in a military facility at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington along with other soldiers he said instigated the killings . Some of those soldiers are facing charges in connection with three slayings of civilians , and Winfield would be a key part of any case against them . Winfield contacted his father about the serial killing ring inside his Stryker Brigade squad , and his father , Christopher Winfield , telephoned the Army but with little result , Montalvo said . The father 's phone calls , from the family 's home in Cape Coral , Florida , and the failure of the Army to take swift action to intervene are the focus of a separate military investigation , an Army spokesman said . A person familiar with the case against Winfield and the other soldiers said Sunday that Winfield had been moved to solitary confinement amidst concerns about his safety . But that person insisted on anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . Authorities at Lewis-McChord , Winfield 's home base , would not comment on any questions about Winfield . But a spokeswoman said that an investigation is underway , although she would not identify who was involved . "  We will not comment on measures taken to ensure this individual 's safety , " Maj. Kathleen Turner , a public affairs officer for Lewis-McChord , said . "  The U.S. Army CID is investigating allegations that a threat was made to one of the defendants ; however , we are not releasing any further information associated with these allegations . " The Army would provide no details of how Winfield and the other defendants are being housed or whether they have been allowed to communicate amongst themselves . Winfield , Cpl. Jeremy Morlock of Wasilla , Alaska ; Pfc. Andrew Holmes of Boise , Idaho ; Spc. Michael Wagnon , of Las Vegas , Nevada ; and platoon leader Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs of Billings , Montana , are charged with premeditated murder charges in the killings of three Afghan civilians between January and May of this year . Seven other soldiers face charges ranging from conspiracy and interfering in a military investigation to drug use , specifically smoking hashish , while in Afghanistan . Military reports say that Gibbs kept track of the killed with skull tattoos and collected body parts as souvenirs .	Safety concerns prompt Winfield 's move , source says Spokeswoman says Army is investigating alleged threat She does not identify those involved 12 soldiers charged in connection to civilians ' killings
CNN  -- Police have found evidence that "  strongly indicates " a 12-year-old boy who was witnessed being snatched by a crocodile in a remote part of Australia was killed in the attack . "  No specifics will be given in relation to the trauma or type of evidence located out of respect for the family , " acting police commander Michael White said in a statement Tuesday . The family of the boy -- who would have returned to school Tuesday after the summer break -- have been informed , a spokeswoman for the Northern Territory police , Rebecca Forrest , told CNN . "  As expected they 're grieving , " Forrest said . "  But the evidence is there that he 's deceased . " As search crews continued to gather evidence Tuesday , shoot-to-kill orders remained in place for crocodiles longer than two meters around the small community where the attack occurred . Three animals have been killed so far , ranging from 2.5 to 4.7 meters in length , Forrest said . The boy had been swimming with four other children in a water hole near Mudginberri in the Northern Territory 's Kakadu National Park on Sunday afternoon , when a saltwater crocodile attacked the group . One of the boys , aged 15 , was bitten by the animal but managed to escape . The crocodile then turned on his friend , aged 12 , said police sergeant Stephen Constable . "  The 15-year-old boy was grabbed on his right arm . He started fighting off the croc , and it took him by the left arm ; then it let him go and took hold of the 12-year-old boy , and swam off with him . " Police officers and park rangers have been using helicopters and boats to search the area since the attack occurred . A crocodile expert who examined the first boy 's wounds , believed the crocodile was between 2.5 to three meters long  around eight to nine feet  , Constable said . Search crews have also been looking for larger crocodiles that may have attacked the one that took the 12-year-old . "  On occasion a smaller crocodile may take some food , and a bigger crocodile will take it off them , " said Constable . According to local media reports , people had been warned against swimming in the area after a teenager survived an attack by a five-meter-long crocodile in the region in January last year . Constable said this time of year is particularly dangerous due to seasonal flooding . Australian boy says kangaroo saved him Coroner rules dingo to blame for Australian baby 's death CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW Police have found evidence a 12-year-old was killed in a crocodile attack in northern Australia A second boy , 15 , was bitten but escaped The crocodile is believed to measure 2.5 to three meters  eight to nine feet  long
CNN  -- The solution to ending an abusive relationship seems simple : Walk out the door . But for an abused woman , leaving can be a confusing process , complex at every step , said a newly published article in an University of Illinois journal . Co-author and graduate student Lyndal Khaw told CNN that abused women actually go through a five-step process of leaving that involves denial , contemplation , preparation , action and maintenance . And the transition from one step to another is hardly seamless , Khaw said . "  Some women can skip stages , some repeat a cycle of going back and forth to other steps and others go through the motions -- going from one stage to another " , she said . In their study , Khaw and co-author Jennifer Hardesty , an assistant professor of human and community development , applied their model to 25 abused women . The report was published recently in the Journal of Family Theory and Review . Khaw said that moving from step to step can put a strain on those who are being supportive to an abused woman because they can have a hard time understanding why she returns or refuses to leave . Hardesty said that physically leaving a relationship entails more than a woman 's decision to embrace change and prioritizing her own safety . The abuser can affect her decisions , as can children , who can motivate her to return to the relationship , Hardesty said . Even though a woman may return to the abuser at some point , practitioners and women themselves need to understand that every time the woman disengages she gains additional resources and support , Hardesty said . "  So next time she is contemplating and preparing she 'll be stronger and perhaps more likely to stay out of that relationship , " she said . Khaw said service providers , family members and other sources of support need to recognize the stages of what can be a lengthy -- and risky -- process . "  When trying to leave , abusers may get more violent , " Khaw said . Recognition of the five-step process can be helpful to abused women , Hardesty said . "  Not all women are ready to leave , but recognizing it 's a process can be empowering , " she said .	Authors say leaving abuse can be a confusing process , complex at every step Process includes denial , contemplation , preparation , action and maintenance "  Not all women are ready to leave , " says co-author Jennifer Hardesty
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- Taylor Wilson is going to create a safer source of nuclear energy , help reduce the world 's stockpile of nuclear weapons , screen container ships for weapons and power manned missions to other planets . But first ... he has to graduate high school in May . Jack Andraka is going to bring his 3-cent screening test for pancreatic , ovarian and lung cancer to market -- an alternative to a standard $ 800 test . But Jack , 16 , has n't been to high school much lately and is n't even sure he 'll graduate . The two teenagers with Justin Bieber style haircuts wowed the 1,400 people who attended TED2013 this week , fitting the conference 's theme : "  The Young . The Wise . The Undiscovered . " They were among a number of youthful speakers who Time magazine 's Ruth Davis Konigsberg called "  some of the biggest showstoppers at the annual event . " By contrast , some of the older voices onstage struck notes that were far less hopeful . Northwestern University economist Robert Gordon declared that the era of strong economic growth in the United States is over -- as America faces the headwinds of an aging population , debt , inequality and educational weaknesses ; he argued that it 's hard to foresee innovations that could have the transformative effect electricity , indoor plumbing and the internal combustion engine had in powering growth in the past century . Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , calling for a private sector-funded "  race to the top " among states , lamented the inability of Washington politicians to develop a national energy strategy . She got laughs when she noted that Congress ' approval rating is worse than lice , root canals and Donald Trump  although better than that of gonorrhea and meth labs  . TED.com : Granholm 's clean energy proposal And Lawrence Lessig , an author and professor at Harvard Law School , sketched an even starker picture of political dysfunction , a "  pathological , democracy-destroying corruption " in which a tiny minority of Americans representing powerful interests use their campaign donations to determine which candidates survive the primaries . Even against long odds , Lessig said the problem is fixable if enough Americans organize to bring about change . There were other speakers whose inventiveness and ambition were unambiguously upbeat . Jane Chen spoke about developing a lower-tech method to save the lives of premature and low birthweight babies in regions where access to incubators is n't readily available . Her social enterprise Embrace distributes a specially engineered and heated sleeping bag that provides babies the heat they ca n't generate on their own until they 're developed enough to survive . Google CEO Sergey Brin demonstrated Google Glass , a smartphone-like piece of headgear that enables access to your contacts , your e-mail , your searches and your photos . His pitch for the device -- now being tested by a select few for $ 1,500 apiece and due on the market later this year -- is partly that it frees people up from the "  nervous habit " of constantly checking their smartphone as they walk : "  Is this what you 're meant to do with your body ? " TED.com : Amanda Palmer -- the art of asking David Lang , talked of his Open ROV project , which markets an $ 800 kit -- using off-the-shelf parts -- for a remotely operated underwater vehicle that gives its makers the ability to explore underwater worlds in James Cameron fashion . PayPal co-founder Elon Musk did n't mention his recent dispute with a New York Times reporter over the battery range of the all-electric Tesla Model S , but made a case for the car 's virtues before describing his effort to market solar panels to homeowners and businesses and his SpaceX commercial venture to the heavens . He screened a video of a reusable 12-story-tall rocket launching , hovering and then returning to a launchpad ready for another flight . SpaceX capsule reaches International Space Station Keller Rinaudo demoed Romo , a $ 150 iPhone-powered robot that recently launched . It uses the brains of the phone 's computer chip , its camera and a plastic chassis with tank-style treads to zip around a room , express emotions , interact with owners , kids and pets , and function as "  Skype on wheels " for grandparents dropping in for a virtual visit . Edith Widder , part of the three-person team that developed the device that lured a giant squid to an underwater camera , explained how it was able to get the first-ever video displaying the enormous size and intricacy of the animal in the deep ocean . 13-year old invents system to protect family livestock from lions Ron Finley , an activist in South Central Los Angeles , is leading an effort to counter the neighborhood 's "  food desert , " by growing fruits and vegetables on city owned and private land . "  If kids grow kale , they 'll eat kale , " he said . "  If kids grow tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes . " Renowned photographer SebastiÃ # o Salgado showed finely etched works from his forthcoming book "  Genesis , " a 50-pound , $ 3,000 behemoth  there 's a less elegant and smaller version for under $ 70  that does justice to the detail of his exquisitely composed black and white photos shot around the world . TED.com : Sugata Mitra -- build a school in the cloud Stewart Brand , the 78-year-old technologist who came to fame as editor of "  The Whole Earth Catalog , " introduced an ambitious plan to recreate extinct species , using DNA from museum specimens . The effort , echoing "  Jurassic Park " , wo n't bring back dinosaurs -- their DNA did n't survive the tens of millions of years since they disappeared -- but aims to "  de-extinct " such species as the passenger pigeon , declared extinct in 1914 . TED normally attracts an audience of the elite of Silicon Valley , Hollywood and venture capital , along with foundation and corporate CEOs , who pay $ 7,500 for the five-day event , which is moving next year from Long Beach to Vancouver .  CNN has a partnership with TED in which it publishes selected TED Talks along with text pieces by speakers  . TED stands for "  technology , entertainment and design , " although its subject matter has branched out widely since its founding nearly 30 years ago . The ingenuity of this year 's youthful speakers was remarkable , and so was the confident way they expressed their ideas . Wilson , 18 , is finishing high school while also attending the University of Nevada at Reno . He first attracted attention for creating a nuclear fusion reactor at 14 . In his TED Talk , he argued for an alternative to the most widely used nuclear power technologies . Rather than create electricity by heating water and turning a turbine , Wilson 's new reactor would use nuclear fission to produce energy from molten salt . His plan would be to centrally manufacture small fission reactors and distribute them widely for burial underground . He said they could last for 30 years without refueling , compared with 18 months for larger commercial reactors . Since the reactors would not be pressurized , radioactivity would not be expelled as widely into the environment as in an accident like the Fukushima disaster , Wilson said . Costs would be lower since reactors would not have to be built onsite . Nuclear weapons could be recycled in the reactor , he said . And most exciting to the young space geek , such a reactor could power a spaceship to a distant planet and then be the power source for a human base at the destination , he said . Andraka , who 's 16 and a high school sophomore , won the top prize in the Intel Science Fair competition for his cancer screening test , which relies in part on carbon nanotubes to detect a protein that is present in the blood and urine in the early stages of the three deadly cancers , providing hope that they can be detected in time for a successful cure . He told CNN in an interview that he does n't go to high school much anymore but is busy with other projects -- including inventing an MRI the size of a credit card and leading a team of high school students competing for the $ 10 million Tricorder X Prize to design a handheld device people could use to monitor their health . Andraka and Wilson probably do n't have to worry about it but another speaker added a sobering element to the celebration of youth at TED . Meg Jay , a psychologist and author , argued against the idea that the 20s are a period of extended adolescence where people can postpone key life choices . By the time people reach 30 , they may have missed out on some key chances to take their life in the directions they hope to pursue . "  Thirty is not the new twenty , " she said , urging people to "  claim your adulthood " and start making choices . Spoken word poet Shane Koyczan , a 36-year-old whose new video "  To This Day " has attracted 5.5 million views , offered a reminder that for all that young people can achieve , many still carry a heavy burden . He told of being bullied as a child to the point that , without realizing it , he turned into a bully himself . He spoke of kids being called names , making them feel like "  oddities juggling depression and loneliness " and challenged them : "  if you ca n't see anything beautiful about yourself get a better mirror look a little closer stare a little longer because there 's something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit "	TED2013 conference theme was "  The Young . The Wise . The Undiscovered " Speakers included a mix of young and older voices , many with ambitious ideas One 18-year-old with nuclear reactor experience proposed a different power plant design Older voices expressed concern about economic and political challenges facing America
CNN  -- When people ask me if there 's anything I miss about my old job at Newsweek , it 's an easy answer . Besides the amazingly talented colleagues I worked with there , I miss picking the cover . The cover is the calling card of any magazine , but it was particularly true for newsmagazines , since we put out a new issue every week and the range of subjects we had to choose from was so broad . In my era , as competition from more instant news on cable TV and the Web became ever more intense , it was also the one area where our slowpoke frequency could work in our favor . Make a smart call on the cover , and it stayed on newsstands and coffee tables for an entire week for readers to admire and discuss . It 's why , for instance , I still hear people talk about the cover story that I asked Fareed Zakaria , my former colleague at Newsweek  and now at CNN  , to write after 9/11 called "  Why They Hate Us . " Of course , the opposite was also true . Make a dumb call and you had to live with it for a whole week . A crudely Photoshopped cover of Martha Stewart emerging from behind a curtain after her brief prison stint for obstruction of justice and making false statements to investigators comes to mind . For decades , the cover was also how the fierce competition between Newsweek and Time was defined . In the 1960s , Newsweek became a "  hot book " after three decades as a distant also-ran , thanks largely to its forward-looking covers on civil rights , Vietnam and the women 's movement  not to mention Twiggy and LSD  . In the 1970s , it was the cleverness of its cover designs as well as the depth of its reporting that wowed everyone who followed Newsweek 's coverage of Watergate . When both magazines put a young Bruce Springsteen on the cover in the same week in 1975 , it became conventional wisdom that we tried to copy each other . But the opposite was true : We were always looking to win the cover war , and we exulted when we did . One of those moments came for me the weekend that Princess Diana died in 1997 . We held the presses , threw out the issue we had just put to bed and came back into the office in the wee hours to publish a new one . I wanted a striking image for the cover and remembered a black and white photo of a short-haired Diana that had been taken by the fashion photographer Patrick Demarchelier . One of my photo editors , a friend of Demarchelier 's , went to his apartment , woke him up and persuaded him to give us the negative . When I saw a wire service photo several hours later of Time 's cover , a standard news shot of Diana , I knew our issue would crush theirs on the newsstand . And it did , selling well over a million copies . Some weeks , like that one , the thrill was in "  crashing " a cover at the last minute when a big story broke close to our Sunday deadline . John F. Kennedy Jr. would perish in a plane accident , or Saddam Hussein would get captured in Iraq , and we 'd switch covers and have the satisfaction of looking nimble and newsy on Monday . Details , however , could sometimes get overlooked in the rush . In 1990 , when I wrote a Sunday story on Nelson Mandela 's release from prison , we put the word "  Free ! " on the cover . We never stopped to think that people would assume we were giving away the magazine for nothing . On slower news weeks , the satisfaction was in posing a pressing or provocative question about the economy , or race relations , or gay rights , or the fight to improve our health or save our schools . Or it was in deciding which icons deserved covers when they died , and what new cultural figures were worth highlighting on the way up . As proud as I was of putting a newly elected senator from Illinois named Barack Obama on our year-end cover in 2004 , I was just as proud of selecting Jon Stewart in 2003 . Then there was the sheer creative fun of coming up with the designs and words for the cover . I 'll never forget election night 2000 , when the race between George W. Bush and Al Gore went into overtime . We were closing a special issue , and we had prepared separate covers declaring each man the winner . But what to do now ? At about 3 in the morning , my art director walked into my office with an image that her staff had concocted of the two faces melded into one . "  That 's genius ! " I said , and we put it on the cover with the headline "  The Winner Is ... " Decades from now , when people have forgotten most of what they read inside the pages of Newsweek , they 'll still remember the visual impact of covers like that one . And those of us who were lucky enough to work there will remember those late nights , crowded in the editor 's office , competing to see who could come up with the best cover line . It sure was heaven while it lasted .	The cover is the calling card of any magazine , Whitaker says The cover was also how the competition between Newsweek and Time was defined Whitaker recalls the striking cover put together the weekend Princess Diana died Another favorite : for the 2000 election results , a composite of Bush 's and Gore 's faces
In one of the biggest such recalls ever , Graco has agreed to recall 3.7 million child car seats manufactured in recent years -- even as it officially contests a government request to recall nearly 1.8 million more -- over a buckling issue . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  NHTSA  announced Tuesday that Graco is voluntarily recalling 11 of 18 model seats that the government agency had asked it to recall . "  NHTSA 's investigation will remain open pending its evaluation of the Graco recall and until the agency 's consideration of the review of the 7 remaining sea models is completed , " the department said . The 3.7 million seats alone makes this recall the fourth biggest ever for car seats , according to the federal agency . If all the seats the NHTSA was asking to Graco to recall are added in , it would be the biggest . In a statement , Graco said the voluntary recall affects "  harness buckles used on all toddler convertible car seats and harnessed booster seats manufactured from 2009 to July 2013 . " "  This is not a new issue for us , " Graco spokeswoman Ashley Mowrey said , noting that all products sold since July do n't have the same problem . "  We 've been working to help consumers for some time now . " At issue : the red release button in the center of the harness , which the NHTSA said can become difficult to unlatch , or can become stuck . That can make it difficult or impossible to remove the child quickly in an emergency . Graco explained that it found "  that food and dried liquids can make some harness buckles progressively more difficult to open over time or become stuck in the latched position . " The children 's products company added that it was offering a "  new and improved replacement harness buckle to affected customers at no cost . " People can obtain one by calling 800-345-4109 or emailing consumerservices@gracobaby.com . Until they get such a replacement , Graco believes that parents should continue using their seats for their children . "  This does not , in any way , affect the performance of the car seat or the effectiveness of the buckle to restrain a child , " the company said . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , meanwhile , said it "  encourages parents and caregivers to consider acquiring an alternative car seat for transporting children until their Graco seat is fixed . " Graco reports no injuries associated with this issue on seats , which sold for between $ 99 and $ 400 . According to Graco 's website , the recall models include these toddler convertible car seats : the Cozy Cline , Comfort Sport , Classic Ride 50 , My Ride 65 , My Ride 65 with Safety Surround , My Ride 70 , Size4Me 70 , My Size 70 , Head Wise 70 and Smart Seat . The harnessed booster seats that are part of the recall are the Nautilus 3-in-1 , Nautilus Elite and Argos . According to the government , the seven models that Graco is n't recalling despite being asked to do so by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration are all infant seats . Specifically , they are : Snugride , Snugride 30 , Snugride 32 , Infant Safe Seat-Step 1 , Snugride 35 , Tuetonia 35 , and Snugride Click Connect 40 . Asked about these models , Graco 's spokeswoman said that any customers with those or other car seats can still call and get a new harness buckle sent to them for free . "  They are not officially recalled ; however , customers experiencing any difficulty with their harness buckle can still get a new one , " said Mowrey .	Graco is voluntarily recalling convertible , harnessed booster car seats But it is not recalling infant car seats , despite the government 's request The problem : The seats ' harness can become difficult to unlatch Those with recalled seats or concerns can get a new buckle , company official says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday to congratulate its citizens for last weekend 's "  remarkable " Iraq-led provincial elections , a process he said "  augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq 's national reconciliation . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , left , meets Friday in Baghdad with Iraq President Jalal Talabani . On a tour that also has taken him to Pakistan and Afghanistan , Ban met with Iraqi leaders and appeared at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , whose allies won big in nine of the 14 provinces where the local elections were held . "  I have been following the electoral process closely from the early days of the parliamentary debate over the elections law last summer to the final stages of adjudication of the complaints and yesterday evening 's release of the provisional results , " Ban said at the news conference , according to prepared remarks issued by the United Nations . "  It will be some days before final results are known , but current indications are that the elections have been successfully carried out . " Ban last visited Iraq in 2007 . In March of that year , he got a taste of the violence that often rocks the Iraqi capital . An explosion rattled Baghdad 's International Zone , where he was holding a televised news conference with al-Maliki . Apparently used to such blasts , al-Maliki remained stoic , while Ban briefly ducked before regaining his composure and continuing . Now , he said , he 's "  very much impressed to have witnessed myself the great success and progress the Iraqi government and people have made under the leadership of Prime Minister Maliki , and I congratulate you , " he said , emphasizing the improvements in security . The secretary-general praised the turnout of millions of voters in "  an environment free of violence , " a development he called a "  remarkable achievement " in a strife-torn nation . "  Iraq has come a long way in taking their own affairs in hand , this being the first Iraqi-led and Iraqi-owned electoral process . It is a tribute to the growing effectiveness of the Iraqi security forces , and testifies to the increasing stability in the country , " he said . Ban praised Iraqi election officials , the local U.N. office and its special representative , Staffan de Mistura , and election workers . Voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to elect provincial councils . The nation 's three Kurdish provinces will hold elections in May , and voting in Tameem province has been suspended because of political disputes in Kirkuk . "  This marks an important event , these being the first polls to affect the day-to-day lives of Iraqi voters , " Ban said . "  In fact , these elections are about real power , in the sense that local leaders are nominated to be accountable for the delivery of basic services . " The United Nations helped Iraq with logistics in its election process and plans to help in this year 's parliamentary elections and to deal with sticky disputes , such as the status of Kirkuk and disputes over some internal boundaries . Al-Maliki thanked the United Nations for the supportive role it played . He noted that the provincial elections "  changed the political map " of Iraq , but he said the elections were successful for all Iraqis . He said he was proud people voted for blocs based on political goals and not along sectarian and ethnic lines . Ban also met with the three members of the presidency council -- Kurdish President Jalal Talabani , Shiite Vice President Adel Abdul Mehdi and Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	U.N. secretary-general visits Iraq , lauds "  remarkable " elections there Ban Ki-Moon last visited Iraq in 2007 , when violence was still raging Voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to cast ballots Iraq prime minister thanks United Nations for assistance , support
CNN  -- Actress Marilyn Burns , a "  scream queen " in the original "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre , " died Tuesday , her manager said . She was 64 . "  She was found unresponsive by a family member " in her Houston-area home , manager Chris Roe said . Burns ' acting career began with a small role in Robert Altman 's "  Brewster McCloud , " which was filmed in her hometown of Houston in 1970 , according to her biography published in 2009 when she was inducted into the International Horror & Sci-Fi Film Festival Hall of Fame . She was a University of Texas student when she landed the role of Sally Hardesty , the sole survivor in the first "  Chainsaw " film in 1974 . "  Chainsaw " director Tobe Hooper also cast Burns in "  Eaten Alive " in 1977 . She played "  a vacationer who unwittingly stumbles upon a hotel run by a madman who feeds his guests to his pet alligator , " the biography said . Her other horror movie roles include "  Brutes and Savages "  1977  , "  Caution : Children at Play "  1981  , "  Kiss Daddy Goodbye "  1981  and "  Future-Kill "  1985  . Burns played a real-life character in the 1976 television miniseries "  Helter Skelter . " She portrayed Charles Manson follower Linda Kasabian , who testified against the cult leader and other members at their murder trial . She was given a cameo role in the 1994 "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre " remake , but her later career focused on stage productions in Texas . Moviefone named Burns one of the "  10 Sexiest Scream Queens " in a list published in 2009 , citing her "  vulnerability  and hotness , natch  feels as real as can be . " Top 10 horrific movie moments People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Marilyn Burns was a college student when she landed her "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre " role Burns portrayed Charles Manson follower Linda Kasabian in TV 's "  Helter Skelter " mini-series Her later career focused on stage productions in Texas Moviefone named Burns one of the "  10 Sexiest Scream Queens " in 2009
EW.com  -- "  Better Call Saul " has dialed up a third cast member . Michael McKean has signed on to "  Breaking Bad " spinoff "  Better Call Saul , " Entertainment Weekly has confirmed . Syfy developing Frank Miller 's ` Ronin ' "  The Laverne & Shirley " / "  This is Spinal Tap " vet will co-star as a gifted lawyer named Dr. Thurber who is hampered by a strange affliction on AMC 's meth drama prequel , which follows the exploits of oily lawyer Saul Goodman  Bob Odenkirk  before he hooks up with Walter White  Bryan Cranston  . The show , which is slated to hit the air in November , also features another "  Bad " alum , Saul 's stone-faced PI Mike Ehrmantraut  Jonathan Banks  . AOL picks up Web series from James Franco , Steve Buscemi McKean starred in the short-lived HBO comedy "  Family Tree " last year , and his recent TV credits include guest gigs on "  Happy Endings " and "  Law & Order : SVU . " The news was first reported by Deadline . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael McKean has joined the "  Breaking Bad " spinoff He 'll play a gifted lawyer with a strange affliction "  Breaking Bad " alum Bob Odenkirk also stars
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court appeared cautiously willing to uphold its decades-old precedent giving labor unions the power to collect dues for collective bargaining from public sector workers , even those who choose not to join the union . That could avoid a major political upheaval in the national labor movement . But a number of justices indicated Tuesday during oral arguments they may rule more narrowly on the case at hand -- and exempt some home-care health providers from being designated "  state employees " and forced under Illinois law to pay those fees . It is an economic and legal issue sharply dividing the business community and its allies on one side -- with the unions , some states , and the Obama administration on the other . At issue is whether the free speech and association rights of non-union personal assistants are being violated when Illinois negotiates exclusively with the Service Employees International Union  SEIU  over wages , hours and working conditions . The court , as usual , went ahead with its public session despite the rest of the federal government shut down because of the winter weather . Three separate oral arguments took place into the afternoon . The justices almost never cancel them , operating largely on their own schedule , apart from the rest of official Washington . All members of the court were present , and even retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor watched attentively from the sidelines as a spectator in the crowded courtroom . It 's called the ` agency shop ' Lawyers from both sides faced sometimes withering questioning from the bench . "  I 'm just going to use the word here , it is a radical argument , " Justice Elena Kagan told the attorney for the non-union employees . "  It would radically restructure the way workplaces across this country are run . " But Justice Anthony Kennedy said the free speech aspect was important , such as the debate over negotiating the size of the government workforce . "  I 'm talking about whether or not a union can take money from an employee who objects to the union 's position on fundamental political grounds . I 'm asking the justification for that under the First Amendment , " he said . "  In an era where government is getting bigger and bigger , this is becoming more and more of an important issue to more people . " The Supreme Court has issued a series of incremental rulings over the decades . No worker can be forced to join a union , but the justices have recognized labor organizations carry a legal obligation to represent all employees . Under the "  agency shop " dynamic , that means the non-union workforce must still pay their "  fair share " for the costs of negotiating and administering binding contracts with the company . The theory is that all benefit from the fruits of collective bargaining , and that allowing individual workers to opt of the contribution -- for financial , personal , or ideological reasons -- would offer no incentive for anyone to pay the fair share fees , called "  free riding . " And the high court has said that arrangement can be important to maintain a stable workforce and "  industrial peace . " In 1977 , the justices extended its precedents to include public-worker unions . But such fees can not be used by unions to support purely political activities , such as backing electoral candidates . Forced to subsidize union lobbying ? Under the cooperative federal-state Medicaid program for poor and disabled Americans , Illinois decided a decade ago to expand its authority over the estimated 28,000 home-care aides in the state . Illinois lawmakers justified the change by arguing even though the workers are typically employed by the individual patient , they are reimbursed under state-controlled Medicaid funds . Those home-care assistants are considered state workers only for the purposes of collected bargaining , with SEIU the exclusive representative for the separate Rehabilitation and Disabilities programs administered by Illinois . During arguments , William Messenger said his handful of clients -- many of whom provide home health services for their own family members -- were being "  forced " to subsidize the union 's efforts before the state , which he said was lobbying and "  political in nature . " "  But how does it differ from the typical bargaining that a union does ? It asks for a wage rate and it asks for various benefits , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , skeptically . "  So are you saying that when it 's in the public sector , it gets converted into something else ? " "  What stops the people who oppose the union policy from sending a letter , asking a meeting , expressing their disapproval in any forum they want and in any way they want to whatever policy a union is advocating ? Is there anything that stops them from doing that ? " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor . When told there was nothing stopping them , she continued , "  So where 's the First Amendment abridgement ? " Justice Antonin Scalia later added , "  So you 're essentially destroying not just the -LSB- agency -RSB- shop , but you 're destroying the ability of the union to get money even from the people who do n't agree with what it 's doing . " Justice Stephen Breyer put the question in more practical terms . "  You 're asking us to overturn a case that 's been the law for 35 years ... I guess there are millions of instances in which employees and employers and others have relied on it in collective bargaining , " he said , wondering "  why we should upset reasonable expectations over so long a period of time . " But some on the court were concerned these home-care workers were being treated differently than others in the public sector . When pressed by Chief Justice John Roberts , the attorney for the union , Paul Smith , said home-care workers could be forced to pay for the union 's efforts to raise its Medicaid rates , but not public school teachers , whose union may be doing the same thing . Smith said since home-aid workers are paid directly through Medicaid , such negotiation and advocacy was "  perfectly appropriate . " "  So the same speech with respect to one union is a speech on a matter of public concern , but with respect to another union , it 's not ? " Roberts asked , with his hand on his face . State says union representation helps all The state argues state-compelled union representation has increased wages and benefits , reduced turnover and improved training and supervision for home-care workers who typically do not operate in a centralized workplace . And officials say allowing patients to be cared at home by those aides instead of permanent institutionalization has saved the state more than $ 630 million in Medicaid costs . But those aides bringing suit say the government has not justified its control , since no one in the state directly supervises them . And they say unions negotiating with the state naturally involve matters of public concern , which deserve greater protection from compelled free speech and association . Among the plaintiffs is Susan Watts , who cares for her daughter , Libby , in their home because of the girl 's quadriplegic cerebral palsy , a stroke and numerous surgeries . She says being designated a "  state employee " is not proper , since Illinois merely subsidizes a participants costs of hiring a provider for her daughter , which happens to be herself . She attended the arguments and told CNN afterward she was hopeful of prevailing . Near the end of the public session , Justice Samuel Alito raised the elephant-in-the-room issue , the suggestion the state 's interest in having the union represent the home-care workers was about political payback . "  Do you think that the specific factual background of what occurred here provides a basis for skepticism about Illinois 's reason for adopting this ? " The federal government 's lawyer , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , replied the state -- as the "  manager " of the Medicaid reimbursement program -- should not have its motives questioned . "  I thought the situation was that Gov. -LSB- Rod -RSB- Blagojevich got a huge campaign contribution from the union and virtually as soon as he got into office -LSB- in 2003 -RSB- he took out his pen and signed an executive order that had the effect of putting , what was it , $ 3.6 million into the union coffers . " The current conservative majority on the court has been accused of being overly sympathetic of big business over worker and union rights . Two years ago , in a related case , the court hinted it may be willing to rethink its views on union fees in the larger context of free speech . The question could turn on whether the specific facts in this dispute would be enough to cast aside precedent , and allow a sweeping ruling against the union . The case is Harris v. Quinn  11-681  . A decision is due by late June .	Non-union employees challenge Illinois negotiations They contend they should not be considered union-covered state employees Unions argue all workers benefit from collective bargaining Justices appear hesitant about changing precedent
CNN  -- An Australian radio DJ whose prank targeting Prince William 's pregnant wife led to the suicide of a nurse has been voted the best DJ in the land by his employer . Michael Christian , along with Mel Greig , were suspended after the December 2012 prank in which they called a nurse at King Edward VII 's Hospital pretending to be Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles to gain information about the condition of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . After the pair played the prank on air , the nurse who transferred the call through to the ward , Jacintha Saldanha , committed suicide . Aussie DJ scandal : Does radio share the blame ? On Tuesday , Christian was crowned "  Top Jock " in a contest conducted by his radio network , Southern Cross Austereo . The internal contest pitted DJs who submitted their best bits every week . Christian was the joint winner . A trip to Los Angeles awaits . "  From the start I felt like I had something to prove to myself , " he said in a statement . "  That regardless of all that 's happened in the past few months I 'm still at the top of my game . " Australia 's Communications Minister Stephen Conroy said it was too soon for Christian to be honored this way . "  I think there 's a bit of bad taste involved there , " Conroy told news radio station , 3AW . "  There was some very serious consequences of what was a prank and to be seen to be rewarding people so soon after such an event , I think is just in bad taste , " he said . ` Truly appalling ' After the prank caused an international uproar , the two DJs were taken off the air . Southern Cross Austereo suspended all prank calls , pulled advertising and ordered a comprehensive review of relevant policies and process . Greig and Christian apologized in interviews with the Australian TV shows "  A Current Affair " and "  Today Tonight . " "  There is nothing that can make me feel worse than what I feel right now , " Greig said on "  Today Tonight . " Nurse death sparks outrage , casts glare on ` shock jocks ' Christian told "  A Current Affair " the prank had become "  a tragic turn of events that I do n't think anyone could have predicted or expected . " The chairman of the hospital where the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge was a patient slammed the Australian radio station 's decision to broadcast the recorded prank call as "  truly appalling . " "  The immediate consequence of these premeditated and ill-considered actions was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients , " wrote the chairman , Simon Glenarthur . "  The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is , frankly , tragic beyond words . " ` World 's worst accents ever ' Audio of the call posted online suggests a woman spoke briefly to the DJs before she put the call through to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness . "  They were the world 's worst accents ever , " Greig told listeners then . "  We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on . We did n't even know what to say when we got through . " Off the air , Greig and Christian tweeted about the practical joke , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " The pair 's Twitter accounts were later taken down . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were saddened to learn of Saldanha 's death . Another palace spokesman told CNN that "  at no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " Greig remains off the air . Christian resumed DJ duties in February .	He is the co-winner of a contest conducted by his radio network "  I 'm still at the top of my game , " Christian says Communications minister calls the honor "  in bad taste "
CNN  -- "  Harry Potter " is back , albeit briefly . J.K. Rowling has posted a short story on her "  Pottermore " site which gives a glimpse into the life of a 30-something Potter . The 1,500-word story is presented as an item in the Daily Prophet by gossip correspondent Rita Skeeter , who notes , "  About to turn 34 , there are a couple of threads of silver in the famous Auror 's black hair , but he continues to wear the distinctive round glasses that some might say are better suited to a style-deficient twelve-year-old . " The setting is the 2014 Quidditch World Cup , which Harry is attending with friends including Ron and Hermione . Also in attendance is Ron 's sister Ginny , who is now Mrs. Potter . Skeeter informs the reader that Ron is not aging all that gracefully , and the "  famous ginger hair appears to be thinning slightly . " Harry now sports a mysterious scar on his right cheekbone . According to The Guardian , the story is part of a series of pieces written by Rowling about the 2014 Quidditch Cup for the site , which features all things "  Potter " - related . Growing up with "  Harry Potter " It 's not the first time Rowling has whetted the appetite of "  Potter " fans since the publication of the final novel in the series , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " in 2007 . In 2013 it was announced that the author would be making her screenwriting debut with a movie centered around one of Harry Potter 's textbooks , "  Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them , " and the adventures of its author , Newt Scamander . Rowling also stirred conversation among "  Potter " devotees in February 2014 when she revealed she believed Hermione should have married Harry instead of Ron . Sneak peek : Harry Potter 's Diagon Alley	Rowling posted a "  Potter " short story on her fan site In it , Potter is attending the 2014 Quidditch World Cup The author has continued to whet fans ' appetites
CNN  -- Cruz first . Carson second . Sound familiar ? If it does , it 's because for the second year in a row , the duo clinched the top two spots for the presidential choice vote in the buzzy Values Voter Summit straw poll . Last year , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas beat Dr. Ben Carson , a renowned neurosurgeon and Fox News contributor , by a whopping 29 % . On Saturday , Cruz beat Carson just by 5 % . Former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania rounded out the top four , while Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul tied for fifth place with 7 % of the vote . To further the case that not much has changed , this year 's results for the vice presidential choice also mimicked last year 's , with Carson coming in first and Cruz coming in second . In a small twist , Jindal beat out Rep. Michelle Bachman for the third place title . She and Santorum took the fourth and fifth place spots in the race this year . Poll participants at the Values Voter Summit were also asked to rank their top three most important issues . To little surprise amongst the conservative crowd , protecting religious liberty was deemed the most important issue by an overwhelming margin , while abortion and national security followed as the next most important issues . Announcing the results , Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , a conservative public policy and lobbying organization that sponsors the Summit , noted that participation was up this year from last , likely due to the upcoming midterm election . "  It actually shows that there is more engagement of core conservatives in the process when they have a reason to be , " Perkins said . "  The evidence here is quite clear , that when conservatives have someone who will speak clearly , concisely -- a conservative message that embraces all elements of conservatism -- they gain enthusiastic support . " Voters were also allowed to write-in candidates that they thought were deserving of a vote if they were n't included in the list of 24 elected officials selected . Notable write-ins included Christian evangelist and missionary Franklin Graham for President . The Values Voter Summit is holding its 9th annual political conference in Washington through Sunday . The meeting draws thousands of conservative politicians and activists nationwide to hear speeches from featured guests and vote in the annual straw poll .	At the annual Values Voter Summit , Ted Cruz won the straw poll The results were similar to a year ago Cruz got the most votes , followed by Dr. Ben Carson
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish court convicted 11 Islamic militants Monday of membership in a terrorist group , but acquitted them of a "  specific " conspiracy to carry out an attack on Barcelona 's metro subway system , as prosecutors alleged . The court instead said there was a more general decision by the group , linked to al Qaeda , to use explosives against Barcelona 's metro , but that a specific date and place had not been determined , nor had a sufficient amount of explosives been assembled , according to a copy of the sentence viewed by CNN . The judges ruled the alleged Barcelona plot had "  not advanced sufficiently " to constitute a crime of conspiracy under Spanish law . The alleged plot in January 2008 had raised alarm bells in Europe because Spanish authorities said there were to be a series of attacks , starting with suicide bombings on the Barcelona metro , and then other attacks in Spain , Germany , France , Portugal and Great Britain , if successive demands from a Pakistani Taliban leader and al Qaeda were not met . The trial against 10 Pakistani men and an Indian national was held last month . All proclaimed their innocence and many refused to answer prosecutors questions . The three-judge panel at the National Court ruled on Monday that all 11 belonged to a terrorist group . Two of the 11 also were convicted of possession of explosives , but nine others were acquitted on that charge . The 11 face prison terms of eight to 14 years . But Jose Maria Fuster-Fabra , a private prosecutor representing victims in the case , told CNN the sentence sets a precedent in Spain because the 11 defendants were convicted for terrorist group membership almost solely on the basis of a key police informant , known as F1 to protect his identity . F1 testified he was selected by the group 's leader to be a suicide bomber , and that he quickly made a secretive call from a bathroom at a Barcelona mosque to warn a friend in France about an impending terrorist attack . Hours later , police swooped to make arrests in January 2008 in Barcelona . The protected witness denied on the stand that he worked for French or any other secret service . Defense lawyer Jacobo Teijelo , on the team representing all 11 defendants , said the sentence lacked judicial merit and he vowed to appeal to Spain 's Supreme Court . About 30 members of Barcelona 's large Pakistani community watched the trial almost daily in a bulletproof basement courtroom at the high-security National Court in central Madrid . A community leader told CNN the defendants were innocent and that the Pakistani community in Barcelona was hardworking and law-abiding . More than 300 suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in Spain since the Madrid commuter train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 on March 11 , 2004 , Spain 's interior minister has said .	Court convicts 11 Islamic militants of belonging to terrorist group , but acquits them of conspiring to attack Barcelona 's metro Judges ruled alleged Barcelona plot not advanced to constitute crime of conspiracy Alleged plot in January 2008 raised alarm bells with Spanish authorities fearing series of attacks across Europe
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- The man who shot Pope John Paul II in 1981 was released from prison in Turkey Monday , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reported . Mehmet Ali Agca , now 52 , severely wounded the pontiff in Rome 's St. Peter 's Square on May 13 , 1981 . John Paul spent six hours on an operating table and survived . Four days later he announced from his hospital bed he had forgiven the attempted assassin and urged the faithful to pray for Agca . The pope spent more than three weeks in Gemelli hospital recovering . Agca was arrested a few minutes after the attack , tried , and sentenced to 19 years in prison . He has never explained why he tried to kill the pope . There has long been suspicion that he was working for an eastern European Communist government angry at the Polish-born pope 's vocal anti-Communism . But on a 2002 visit to Bulgaria -- a focus of much speculation -- the pope said he did not believe the Balkan state was behind the attempt on his life . The pope visited Agca in prison on December 27 , 1983 , and reportedly forgave him in person . Agca was granted clemency by the president of Italy in 2000 , to John Paul 's "  satisfaction , " according to the Vatican . He was then transferred to his native Turkey , where he was re-arrested for the murder of a Turkish journalist in 1979 . Agca killed Abdi Ipekci in 1979 , Anadolu said . Ipekci was editor-in-chief of the daily Milliyet . Agca was due to be taken to a military facility to assess his fitness for military service after his release . In 2006 , a military hospital ruled that he was not fit for the obligatory military service due to a severe anti-social personality disorder , but the Ministry of National Defense did not approve the exemption , the Turkish news agency said .	Mehmet Ali Agca severely wounded the pope in 1981 attack Pope John Paul II reportedly forgave Acga during a 1983 prison visit Agca was granted clemency by Italy , but jailed again for another killing
Dallas  CNN  Oklahoma 's first scheduled execution since last April 's controversial botched lethal injection is now in the hands of the U.S. Supreme Court to decide . Charles Frederick Warner , who was convicted in 2003 for the first-degree rape and murder of his then-girlfriend 's 11-month-old daughter in summer 1997 , is scheduled to be executed Thursday at 6 p.m. CT at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester , about 130 miles east of Oklahoma City . Botched execution haunts inmate as death nears Warner 's attorney , Dale Baich , filed a motion with the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday asking for a stay of execution , and is also asking the court to review Oklahoma 's lethal injection policies in general , after a federal appeals court rejected his appeal Monday . "  Oklahoma 's current execution protocol creates a substantial risk of severe pain , needless suffering and a lingering death , " Baich told CNN . Jerry Massie , public information officer with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections , said Warner is scheduled to be executed using a three-drug combination of midazolam , vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride . Ohio changing execution drugs Midazolam , a benzodiazepine that is still not FDA approved , is supposed to render the prisoner unconscious . Vecuronium bromide is a paralytic , which is meant to paralyze all muscle movement and stop respiration . Potassium chloride 's role is to activate nerves and induce cardiac arrest . Baich said the existing Supreme Court protocol and precedent under review , 2008 's Baze V. Rees case , is no longer relevant or used in any jurisdiction because different types of drugs are now used . He argued that the changes that have been made over the years are significant and "  create a significant risk of harm . " "  Of particular concern is the use of midazolam , which has been involved in several extremely problematic executions , including the gruesome and horrific execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma and the two-hour prolonged death of Joseph Wood in Arizona in July 2014 , " Baich said . "  In Baze v. Rees , the court acknowledged that administering a paralytic and potassium chloride to someone who is not deeply unconscious would inflict an unconstitutional degree of pain and suffering . Midazolam is not capable of producing a deep , unconscious state . " Massie said the Oklahoma Department of Corrections will have "  no further comments " until it sees what the Supreme Court decides . Jennifer Moreno , a staff attorney with the Berkeley Law Death Penalty Clinic , said the big issue in front of the Supreme Court is whether midazolam can reliably produce the level of unconsciousness needed to complete an execution . "  It 's uncontested that administering those two drugs -LSB- vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride -RSB- to somebody who is conscious would cause unnecessary pain and suffering , " Moreno said . "  The real issue is that because there are issues about midazolam 's ability to induce the necessary level of unconsciousness , and Oklahoma intends to paralyze the prisoner , that we 'll never know if he regained consciousness and experienced the effects of the second and third drugs . In all three executions where medazline has been used without a paralytic , we have seen problems that raised questions about the appropriateness of the drug . Paralyzing them does n't make the problem go away , it just hides them from us . " Warner was originally scheduled for execution on the same night as Lockett , April 29 , 2014 , but the execution was called off after the state took 43 minutes to execute Lockett , a controversial event that was witnessed by media and state officials . Witnesses said Lockett was convulsing and writhing on the gurney , as well as struggling to speak , before officials blocked their view . The execution was halted , but Lockett eventually died . A team of medical examiners ruled that Lockett died from the state 's lethal injection . The report , which was released in September by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections , called the manner of death a "  judicially ordered execution . " Lockett 's execution was the first time Oklahoma had used midazolam as the first element in its three-drug cocktail , the same three-drug combination that is scheduled to be used in Warner 's execution . Midazolam is generally used for children "  before medical procedures or before anesthesia for surgery to cause drowsiness , relieve anxiety and prevent any memory of the event , " the U.S. National Library of Medicine said . "  It works by slowing activity in the brain to allow relaxation and sleep . " Stay motions have also been filed with the U.S. Supreme Court for three other Oklahoma death row prisoners scheduled to be executed soon : Richard Glossip , scheduled to be put to death on January 29 ; John Marion Grant , scheduled to be executed on February 19 ; and Benjamin R. Cole , scheduled to be put to death on March 5 . Chemical mix and human error lead to controversial executions CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Charles Frederick Warner is to be executed Thursday ; he raped and murdered an 11-month-old His lawyer says "  protocol creates a substantial risk of severe pain , needless suffering and a lingering death "
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A man causing a disturbance outside a movie theater near Universal Studios died Friday after being handcuffed and shocked with a Taser stun gun , Orlando police said . Two off-duty officers who were working security in the area tried to deal with a man who was acting "  irrational , " early Friday morning , said Sgt. Barb Jones , an Orlando police spokeswoman . The suspect -- identified as Adam Spencer Johnson , 33 , of Winter Haven , Florida -- began to "  violently " resist after one of the officers tried to detain him , Jones said . An officer shocked the man with a Taser stun gun , then he was handcuffed , police said . While on the ground , Johnson became unresponsive . He was pronounced dead at a hospital . The officers involved were placed on routine administrative leave pending an investigation of the deaths , according to police . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III contributed to this report .	NEW : Dead man identified by police as 33-year-old Winter Haven , Florida , resident Adam Spencer Johnson was acting "  irrational , " a police spokeswoman says He became unresponsive after he was handcuffed , she says
CNN  -- Five exotic animals once owned by a Zanesville , Ohio , man who let loose dozens of animals last year before committing suicide will be returned to the man 's widow Friday , the Ohio Department of Agriculture said . Two spotted leopards , two Macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to Marian Thompson , widow of farmer Terry Thompson . He set off a wide scare in October when he released 50 potentially dangerous animals from his farm before shooting himself . Of the 50 animals Thompson released , 48 were killed by law enforcement , while two primates were killed by the other animals , zoo officials said . Last fall in Ohio : Wild animals on the loose The five animals being returned to Marian Thompson were never released from their cages by her late husband . A sixth unreleased animal , a leopard , died in January at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium , where all of Thompson 's remaining animals had been housed for safekeeping since the incident . A state review board concluded Monday that the animals are free of "  dangerously infectious or contagious diseases . " The finding required officials to lift a quarantine imposed in a move in October to delay their return . State officials said they were concerned that Marian Thompson has said she would put the five remaining animals into the same cages they previously inhabited on her Zanesville farm . "  This raises concerns , as she has indicated the cages have not been repaired , and has repeatedly refused to allow animal welfare experts to evaluate if conditions are safe for the animals and sufficient to prevent them from escaping and endangering the community , " said Erica Pitchford , a spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Agriculture . State officials have no legal power to inspect the cages before the animals are returned , but they are hoping the local sheriff will seek a court order to inspect the farm "  to ensure the safety of the animals and the public , " Pitchford said . Thompson had not allowed local law enforcement onto the farm to check the pens , Muskingum County Sheriff Matthew Lutz told CNN Monday . Thompson 's lawyer did not immediately respond to a CNN call for comment . Deputies are ready to deal with any problems with the returned animals , Lutz said . "  We have the zoo on speed dial , " Lutz said . "  If we are pushed to do what we had to do the last time , we would take care of it . " Legislation that would tighten rules regarding private ownership of exotic animals passed the Ohio Senate in April and is now being heard in the House of Representatives . "  Zoo officials encourage lawmakers to pass a bill quickly to ensure public safety and protect the welfare of animals , " the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium said in a news release . Terry Thompson died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on October 18 shortly after he pried open cages and opened the farm 's fences that held his private menagerie of lions , tigers , bears , wolves and monkeys . Authorities , who did not have access to tranquilizer guns , killed two wolves , six black bears , two grizzly bears , nine male lions , eight female lions , three mountain lions and 18 Bengal tigers . Thompson 's property is about two miles outside Zanesville , which is east of Columbus along Interstate 70 . The 62-year-old had been released from a federal prison three weeks earlier after pleading guilty earlier to possessing illegal firearms , including five fully automatic firearms . CNN 's John Fricke and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Two spotted leopards , two Macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to widow Terry Thompson set off scare when he released 50 wild animals from his farm After releasing tigers , lions and other animals , the Ohio farmer shot himself State officials have no legal power to inspect cages where the five animals will be kept
Atlanta  CNN  -- Veteran sports broadcaster Jim Huber , a former CNN journalist , died Monday at the age of 67 . He was recently diagnosed with acute leukemia . Huber , who spent more than 27 years with Turner Broadcasting , most recently worked for Turner Sports ' TNT network , covering golf and the NBA . "  We are saddened by the passing of our colleague and friend Jim Huber , " said David Levy , president of sales , distribution and sports for Turner Broadcasting . Before his move to Turner Sports , Huber was an anchor for CNN/Sports Illustrated , a 24-hour sports news network . Huber started at CNN in 1984 but began his career in print journalism , covering the NFL at the Miami News , followed by The Atlanta Journal , where he covered the city 's professional football and basketball teams . He was also the author of three books , the most recent published in May . "  Four Days in July " follows pro-golfer Tom Watson 's improbable run at the 2009 British Open title . Death of a sports poet Watson , just shy of his 60th birthday at the time , was eventually beaten in a playoff by fellow American Stewart Cink . Huber 's reporting garnered a number of awards , including an Emmy for his "  Olympic Park Bombing " essay and six Sportscaster of the Year awards from The Associated Press . "  Jim 's award-winning talent to write , host and moderate was well known -- but his passion for golf , playing , watching and promoting golf was something that the PGA of America and PGA.com will always hold near and dear , " PGA.com 's John Kim wrote Monday . Huber wrote a weekly column for the Turner Sports website . Levy called Huber "  a gentleman and a wonderful individual , " and said he "  will be deeply missed . " Huber is survived by his wife , Carol , and son , Matt .	Jim Huber spent more than 27 years with Turner Broadcasting Most recently , Huber covered the NBA and golf for TNT His awards include an Emmy He was also the author of three books
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Fourteen sailors are still missing from a Thai trawler that was sunk last week by the Indian navy as a suspected pirate ship , the vessel 's owner said Tuesday . The Indian navy frigate INS Tabar was reported to have battled a "  pirate vessel " last week . One crewman was found alive after six days adrift in the Gulf of Aden , and one is confirmed dead , said Wicharn Sirichaiekawat , owner of the Ekawat Nava 5 . Last week , India 's navy reported that the frigate INS Tabar had battled a pirate "  mother vessel " in the gulf November 18 , leaving the ship ablaze and likely sunk . Wicharn said that vessel was his ship , which was in the process of being seized by pirates when it came under fire . Indian authorities insisted that their ship had acted against a pirate vessel that had threatened to attack the Tabar . "  We fired in self-defense and in response to firing upon our vessel . It was a pirate vessel in the international waters , and its stance was aggressive , " said Commodore Nirad Sinha , a navy spokesman . He said the ship the Tabar fired upon was laden with ammunition . Watch more about the piracy threat in the region " Wicharn said the Ekawat Nava 5 was headed from Oman to Yemen to deliver fishing equipment when it was set upon by pirates off the Horn of Africa . The pirates were seizing control of the ship when the Tabar moved in , he said . Wicharn said he learned the fate of his vessel from a Cambodian crew member who survived the gunfire and drifted in the ocean for six days before he was plucked to safety by a passing ship . The sailor was recovering in a hospital in Yemen , he said . Wicharn said his ship made a distress call November 18 as it was chased by pirates in two speedboats , but the connection was lost midway . The owners , Sirichai Fisheries , had not heard from the crew since then . Later that evening , the Indian navy said it encountered a suspected pirate "  mother vessel , " with two speedboats in tow about 285 nautical miles  525 km  southwest of the Omani port of Salalah . "  Mother vessels " are often used as mobile bases to ferry pirates and smaller attack boats into deep water . When the Tabar 's crew hailed the ship and demanded that it stop for inspection , the pirates threatened to destroy the Indian ship , the ministry reported . "  Pirates were seen roaming on the upper deck of this vessel with guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers . The vessel continued its threatening calls and subsequently fired upon INS Tabar , " the ministry said . The Indian frigate returned fire , setting the pirate ship ablaze and setting off explosions on board , the statement said . An international fleet has been patrolling the waters off the Horn of Africa in an effort to crack down on pirates based in largely lawless Somalia . Map of piracy incidents in 2008 " Pirates have attacked more than 90 vessels off East Africa this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center , which monitors piracy around the world , including a Saudi supertanker captured this month . The latest ship seized was a Yemeni freighter Adina taken last week with a crew of seven on board , including two Yemenis , two Panamanians and three Somalis , security sources in Yemen told CNN . The government is in direct contact with officials in Somalia to work on rescuing the ship , for which the hijackers are seeking a $ 2 million ransom . Although the pirate takeover of the Saudi supertanker highlights the dangers facing cargo ships navigating the Horn of Africa , marine security experts are warning that racing boats , private charters and luxury yachts can be far easier pirate targets : Rich people usually carry cash and jewels . Watch the risks facing racers and luxury sailors " And competitors in the world 's biggest ocean race made an unprecedented change of course this year as organizers mandated yachts steer clear of Africa 's east coast .	Owner : One crewman found alive after 6 days adrift , one confirmed dead Ekawat Nava 5 delivering fishing equipment when it was attacked , owner says Indian authorities insist their ship had acted against a pirate vessel Armed pirates seen roaming on the upper deck of vessel , India says
CNN  -- Casey Stoner moved to the top of the MotoGP standings after world champion and previous leader Jorge Lorenzo crashed out in treacherously wet conditions during Sunday 's British Grand Prix . The Australian , himself a motorcycling world champion when at Ducati in 2007 , continued his fine start to the season with new team Honda Repsol as he went 18 points clear following his fourth win in six races this season . Stoner 's teammate Andrea Dovizioso finished second at Silverstone to consolidate third place on 83 points , 15 behind Yamaha 's Lorenzo , while veteran American Colin Edwards defied a broken collarbone to claim third place for his first podium this season . "  I was just happy to stay up on the bike , it was incredibly cold and I was so nervous as in these conditions it 's so easy to crash , " Stoner told the MotoGP website . Lorenzo won last year 's race but started third on the grid this time after Stoner dominated qualifying , setting the circuit 's lap record on Saturday . Stoner underlines dominance with Silverstone pole The Spaniard started well and took the early lead -- but had surrendered that by the end of the opening lap as Dovizioso and Stoner went past him . Another Honda rider , Marco Simoncelli , also passed the Mallorcan to claim third place but was unable to stay on the track as he slid off during lap 10 in his bid to get past fellow Italian Dovizioso . Lorenzo had already departed the track by that stage , gesturing angrily after he flipped over the front of his bike and slid into the gravel on lap eight . It was the first time he had failed to finish a race since 2009 . "  I feel disappointed because the crash was my own mistake . I think I could have fought for the victory with Casey , " he said . "  I was n't worried that Simoncelli was catching me . I was worried because Casey was going if I did n't overtake Andrea -- then I crashed . " Stoner , who has now won three races in a row as well as the season-opener in Qatar , finished more than 15 seconds clear of Dovizioso as he was able to lap tailenders Hector Barbera and Randy de Puniet , both on Ducatis . But the Italian team had some good news as former world champion Nicky Hayden finished fourth , setting the fastest lap time of the race , while seven-time series winner Valentino Rossi was sixth to move above the injured Dani Pedrosa into fourth overall . Lorenzo 's American teammate Ben Spies also crashed out on lap 14 , while Edwards ' Monster Yamaha Tech 3 colleague Cal Crutchlow missed his home race after breaking his collarbone on Saturday . The 37-year-old Edwards broke his during practice at the Catalunya Grand Prix , which forced him to miss his first race since moving up from Superbikes in 2003 . Meanwhile , Audi won the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race for the 10th time in 12 years on Sunday , as its sole remaining driving team of Benoit Treluyer , Marcel Fassler and Andre Lotterer triumphed in the 79th staging of the legendary event . They finished 14 seconds ahead of Peugeot 's Sebastien Bourdais , Simon Pagenaud and Pedro Lamy after completing a grueling 355 laps . Peugeot , which won in France in 2009 to end five years of German dominance , claimed the other podium place as Stephane Sarrazin , Franck Montagny and Nicolas Minassian finished third . Audi had lost the car of two-time winner Allan McNish inside the first hour on Saturday when the British driver crashed , and defending champion Mike Rockenfeller 's hopes ended after a big shunt that evening .	Casey Stoner wins British Grand Prix to go top of MotoGP championship standings Australian motorcyclist finishes 15 seconds clear of teammate Andrea Dovizioso Yamaha 's world champion Jorge Lorenzo crashes in wet conditions at Silverstone Audi wins the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race for the 10th time in 12 years
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Richard Serra stands in the Museum of Modern Art 's Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Sculpture Garden , his hair as white as the marble floor . The summer sun of New York radiates from the towering metal of his monumental works . He breaks no sweat . He likes how the weeping beeches and birches have leafed out since April when two of his enormous steel sculptures were installed . A crane lifted the tonnage over the garden wall from West 54th Street . This new foliage , he notes , shades his works ' rising , rusting arcs with an air of mystery . "  You ca n't see ` Ellipse ' from ` Intersection . ' So as you walk out of one , you 're not thinking about the other . " What you 're thinking about may be their size . "  Intersection II " is more than 13 feet tall and 51 feet long . "  Torqued Ellipse IV " at one point is 32 feet across . Made to be entered , explored , felt in terms of how they divide and define space around you , these gentle , giant landmarks of a 40-year career place Serra today at the very heart of the Museum of Modern Art 's mission and capabilities . Watch videos in which Serra describes the MoMA retrospective and walks you through several of his sculptures " For a long moment , Serra takes in his own work . These are bafflingly graceful walls of 2-inch-thick steel , mottled and rough . This engaging , articulate man knows how to bend and balance the plates so gorgeously hunkered down in a place usually ruled by far smaller works of Picasso , Giacometti , Rodin , Alexander Calder and Henry Moore . Serra smiles . "  You know what ? When they take my work back out of here , this place is going to look like a peewee golf course . " That wo n't happen until September . Until then , MoMA 's new exhibition , "  Richard Serra Sculpture : Forty Years , " reveals that sense of humor along with the sophisticated spatial concepts the Californian explains as he leads you , glad for your interest , across a terrain all his . See a gallery of images for perspective on the geometric line , shape and volume of Serra 's work " Born in San Francisco in 1939 , educated at Yale , a former painter whose study of art and tradition in Europe left him searching for more dimensions , Serra today is one of the most widely applauded sculptors alive . Internationally acclaimed for his distinctive ground-cleaving site-specific works in landscape , he 's as generous in talking about his art as he is assured in commanding the foundries and steel riggers who render it . No guarded maestro , hiding methods and intentions , Serra is ready with virtuosic metaphor when given a chance to explain the torus of "  Torqued Torus Inversion , " gesturing , pointing , doubling back to be sure you follow . "  Think of a bicycle rim , and where the tube is in that rim ... the word means doughnut in mathematical language . " For all the grainy computation of geometric and gravitational considerations required to set hundreds of tons at precise tilts over the heads of the thousands moving through MoMA each day , Serra clearly is still seized by the wonder of his own creations . "  The space is almost palpable , " he says , standing at the center of one of the two parts of "  Torqued Torus Inversion . " "  The steel , " he says , "  is just a wrapping skin that compresses the space . " Suddenly , you understand what he 's doing . "  The subject matter " of this work , he tells you , "  is your personal experience of walking into and through and around . There really is n't any content until you fulfill your exploration " of a piece . When Yoshio Taniguchi designed MoMA 's soaring new $ 890 million building between Fifth and Sixth Avenues for its opening in November 2004 , this exhibition was already in the works . Read commentary on the Taniguchi building in Manhattan Kirk Varnedoe , the museum 's late chief curator of painting and sculpture , had arranged for the structure to be built with a huge H-shaped exhibition space off the central atrium . The room 's floors were reinforced to handle heavy pieces , and a 40-foot section of wall was made to be ripped out as a doorway . This was all done with the express idea of putting capacious new Serra works on view . Senior Deputy Director of Exhibitions Jennifer Russell says Serra used the size constraints of that breakaway wall in determining the height of the new pieces . Watch an audio slide show in which Sr. . Dep . Director of Exhibitions Jennifer Russell talks about installing the Serra show " So the retrospective not only brings into major focus the place of this key U.S. figure in the world 's conversation on modern art , but it also makes good on what MoMA Director Glenn Lowry likes to call presenting art "  full-force . " Read more about Lowry 's perspective on American art museums . The museum 's array of its power to produce and present abstract work in an accessible , meaningful way is based in the three-stage character of this expansive exhibition . Visitors may understand these three new works as something akin to steel mazes . Some report the sensation of a tilting floor as they walk through the warm-sienna walls of "  Sequence . " They duck into and out of "  Torqued Torus Inversion " through the narrow openings in that pair of great tortellini of heavy metal . And they follow the ribbon of looming steel that snakes its way across the northern end of the hangar-like room . The walls of "  Band " form canyons and cul-de-sacs that seem much too simple to create the disorientation they do in a viewer . Serra says that "  Band , " more than 71 feet long , is likeliest to spur his next work . And in following its serpentine footprint , he comes out with what might serve as an essential Serra-ism : "  You have the idea that you 're either in the outside of the space you 've just been in , or you 're in the inside of the a new space that 's on the outside of the space you 've been in . " When you walk the piece , you understand what he just said . And you 've interacted with a space the sculptor concedes mystifies even him . "  I still do n't completely understand my relationship to the horizontal field as you walk this piece . ... It 's still unknowable to me , so there are potentials in this piece that I have n't explored yet . " In the 1960s , Serra formed Low Rate Movers , a furniture-moving outfit in Lower Manhattan , along with composers Philip Glass and Steve Reich , artist Chuck Close , the late actor Spalding Gray and independent filmmaker Michael Snow . Working only from 23rd Street southward and just a couple of days a week each , he says , members of the group could support their explorative art careers . "  After a while , though , " he says , "  we stopped moving pianos and refrigerators . Too heavy . " That sounds funny coming from a man who 's standing in MoMA 's display of his free-standing works in lead , including the 1969 "  One Ton Prop  House of Cards  " and other pieces that seem to defy gravity . "  I think welding is a form of stitching , " Serra says . But in addition to furniture , these artists moved back and forth a growing vocabulary of post-Minimalist inquiry . "  There was a need for me to get back to the process in relation to dealing with matter , " says Serra , who is very clear on the point that his work is not Minimalist . To make "  Belts , " for example , he says , "  We cut rubber into strips or sections , and every time the rubber crossed another piece of rubber , we put a bent nail in it . At the time , " he adds , "  these pieces were quite abrupt . " Today , starting on MoMA 's sixth floor with "  Delineator " from the mid-1970s , you still can see eyes widen . "  Abrupt " is one way to describe the realization of how that work 's two 10-by-26-foot slabs of steel are laid out . Look up : One of them is hanging over your head on the ceiling . But in an exhibition that runs from a loop of neon tubing to those tidal swirls of steel bent in service to careful , creative calculations , the surprise may be the awe that finally seems to grip even the most reluctant viewer . In something like the way the stages of Serra 's career have evolved , the sixth floor and garden somehow prepare you for the second floor 's majestic march of new , eerie , defining works . "  Sequence , " "  Torqued Torus Inversion " and "  Band " do n't seem to quite touch that reinforced floor . They hover . "  It seems very weightless , " Serra says , recalling the three weeks it took just to get the sculptures assembled on this vast plain that gathers in , at last , so many years of search , discovery and risk-taking . In 1967 and ' 68 , Serra worked on a handwritten "  Verb List " now seen by many as a manifesto for what would come . "  To roll , to crease , to fold , " the list begins . "  Of context , of time , of talk , of photosynthesis , of carbonization , " it concludes -- "  to continue . " Serra 's conversation is as efficient , focused and clean as that list . He moves from work to work , consciously tracking himself in these pieces , intrigued , especially , when he ca n't fully grasp a work 's effects on him . "  There 's a redundancy in this piece , " he says of the new "  Band , " happily intrigued . "  It seems to be a little maddening . " So is "  to madden " a new verb in the growing patois-Serra ? Set out like mountains in an indoor range of steel , the sculptor 's crouching , floating works at MoMA are waiting , after all , for you to decide . They seem patient , purposeful , poised to receive your intelligence in their space . Serra values "  anything that engages people in relation to a work , " he stresses . "  Anything that says , ` Come here and take a look , ' that gets them involved on some level ... different people will come through with different ideas about what it means or what the intention was or what the aesthetic is . " In the work of Richard Serra , you are the subject . E-mail to a friend Major sponsorship of the Serra exhibition at MoMA is provided by LVNH/Mo ët Hennessy .	` Richard Serra Sculpture : Forty Years ' runs to September 10 at MoMA More than 800 tons of monumental steel and free-standing lead constructions MoMA 's Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Sculpture Garden one of three venues Cranes required to hoist steel sections over garden wall and into galleries
The fallout from the Susan G. Komen foundation 's decision not to renew funding for some Planned Parenthood projects has led to threatened resignations , angry press statements and a letter from Senate Democrats . Now the mayor of New York has gotten involved . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced that he is giving a $ 250,000 matching gift to the Planned Parenthood Federation of America to help make up for the loss of funding announced Tuesday by the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation , his office said Thursday . "  Politics have no place in health care , " the mayor said in a statement . "  Breast cancer screening saves lives , and hundreds of thousands of women rely on Planned Parenthood for access to care . We should be helping women access that care , not placing barriers in their way . " He was referring to Planned Parenthood 's announcement Tuesday that the Komen Foundation had "  succumbed to political pressure " by cutting its funding for breast cancer screenings at Planned Parenthood amid increased scrutiny by Congress over how Planned Parenthood provides abortion services . Bloomberg 's gift comes on top of the $ 400,000 that Planned Parenthood reported raising online from 6,000 donors the first 24 hours after the announcement . Planned Parenthood 's loss attracted moral support when CREDO , which describes itself as the largest corporate donor to Planned Parenthood , announced Thursday that 250,000 of its members had signed a petition urging the Komen Foundation to reverse its decision . "  The move is clearly connected to attempts by Republicans in Congress to defund Planned Parenthood , " the organization said in a statement . "  In responding to questions about its decision , the foundation cited as its rationale a sham ` investigation ' into Planned Parenthood launched by Republican Rep. Cliff Stearns as one of the most militant anti-choice members of Congress . " In September , the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , on which the Florida congressman sits , began an investigation into Planned Parenthood over the organization 's "  compliance with federal restrictions on funding abortions . " In Washington , at least 22 Senate Democrats signed a letter calling on Komen to reconsider its decision . "  This troubling decision threatens to reduce access to necessary , life-saving services , " it said . "  It would be tragic if any woman -- let alone thousands of women -- lost access to these potentially life-saving screenings because of a politically motivated attack . " "  People respond powerfully when they see politics interfering with women 's health , " said Andrea Hagelgans , spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood , on Wednesday . "  That 's why we 've seen a tremendous outpouring of support . " But the American Life League said in a statement that the Komen Foundation 's decision was justified . "  PPFA is currently the focus of a congressional investigation , and multiple affiliates are under state investigations , " it said . "  Planned Parenthood operatives are lashing out at Komen across the Internet and throughout the media , in what appears to be a coordinated effort to paint Komen 's policy as cowardly and politically motivated . " The Komen Foundation denied Thursday that its decision stemmed from politics . "  We 've always had the right to cancel contracts for organizations that came under investigation for potential wrongdoing , " said Nancy Brinker , CEO and founder of the group . In all , grants were not renewed to 16 of 19 Planned Parenthood clinics , she said . "  We do n't base our funding decisions on emotions or politics or whether one side or another will be pleased . " Brinker was a political appointee of the George W. Bush administration , in which she served as U.S. ambassador to Hungary and as chief of protocol . Susan G. Komen was Brinker 's sister . Komen Foundation President Liz Thompson said the funds will be redirected "  to other programs in our communities that can provide these services more directly . " She said there was "  amazing consensus " among foundation board members about the decision , which was made "  over the better part of two years . " But that consensus did not include Dr. Kathy Plesser , a member of the foundation 's medical advisory board in New York , who said she will resign if the decision is not overturned . "  I can not as a physician and advocate for women 's health continue to be a part of the organization if it continues in this direction , " Plesser said . "  A big part of what Komen does is reach underserved communities of women . With this decision , they 're not living up to this mission . " Mollie Williams , the group 's managing director of community health programs , left Komen this month . "  It was an honor to oversee and expand their public health efforts during my six years there , " Williams said . "  At the same time , I respect the work of Planned Parenthood , including their lifesaving efforts to detect cancer in its earliest stages . The divide between these two very important organizations saddens me . " It was n't immediately clear whether she had resigned . Thompson said it 's policy not to release information about employees other than start and end dates . Deb Anthony , executive director of Komen 's Los Angeles County chapter , did resign , the foundation said Thursday . But Komen denied that Anthony 's resignation was about the decision . "  The Komen LA County Executive Director Deborah Anthony did submit her resignation in December 2011 , effective April 1 , 2012 . Her stated reasons did not include the recent grant making criteria changes by Komen 's global organization that impact Planned Parenthood , " said a statement from Elizabeth Berger , president of the Los Angeles County chapter . "  We are deeply concerned by implications that there is any correlation . " Thompson said Stearns ' investigation "  has little to do " with the grant decision . Brinker said the "  quality of the grants " was a factor . "  We like to have direct care being given , " she said . "  We have decided not to fund , wherever possible , pass-through grants . In other words , we were giving them money ; they were sending women for mammograms . They do not own mammography equipment . They do not do these grants within their clinics . They just send them out for screening and treatment and diagnosis . What we like to have are clinics that we can directly fund . " Asked how many other grantees provide abortion services , she said , "  That 's not something that we ask people about . " Brinker said donations to Komen were up 100 % over the past two days . Planned Parenthood said that funding from the Komen Foundation had largely paid for breast exams at local affiliates . In the past five years , grants from the group have supported 170,000 screenings , about 4 % of the total exams performed at Planned Parenthood health centers nationwide , according to the group . In a statement Thursday , the president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , Cecile Richards , expressed gratitude for Bloomberg 's gift . "  This contribution will help ensure that politics do n't interfere with women having access to health care , " she said . "  People all across the country have stepped forward in the last 48 hours to offer help and support , and the mayor 's donation will help ensure that no woman is denied breast cancer services because of right-wing political pressure campaigns . " Bloomberg , an independent who was first elected mayor as a Republican , is founder and majority owner of Bloomberg LP , a multinational financial media company .	Officials leave Komen foundation Bloomberg gift comes after Komen Foundation yanked its funding Planned Parenthood reports raising $ 400,000 within 24 hours Komen Foundation says "  quality of the grants " was a factor
CNN  -- A week ago Sunday , Arctic sea ice cover reached its lowest extent ever recorded . For good reason , there has been significant media focus on how a warming sea gobbles up the ice that is polar bear habitat and reduces the area 's capacity to reflect the sun 's rays . This is roughly equivalent to unplugging one pole 's worth of the Earth 's central air conditioning system . But far less attention has been placed on what a naked Arctic Ocean means for its closest neighboring ecosystem : the Arctic tundra . Beyond the images of icebergs and stranded polar bears , I doubt many people picture the Arctic 's vast carpet of lush green plants , chirping songbirds or highs in the mid-70s -- all of which are typical of summertime on the tundra . With climate changing at an alarming rate and sea ice extent slipping away , the tundra stands to change a lot , and this , too , will affect the rest of the planet . It is time to start familiarizing ourselves with the tundra , and here 's why . The tundra biome is huge , covering 15 % more of the Earth 's surface than all 50 U.S. states combined . Currently , it stores a significant proportion of the Earth 's carbon in its permanently frozen soils , keeping it locked away and unable to contribute to the atmosphere 's giant pool of greenhouse gases . Opinion : Why we should look to the Arctic However , in much the same way that other bodies of water keep coastal cities such as San Francisco from having extremely cold winters and scorching hot summers , sea ice conditions in the Arctic Ocean influence weather patterns over the nearby tundra . Less sea ice is associated with warmer and drier summer conditions on the tundra . Consistently balmier summers will cause soils to warm and thaw to greater depths , unleashing long-stored carbon into the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide and methane , both of which are potent greenhouse gases . The previous record low in Arctic Ocean ice cover occurred in 2007 , and the hot , dry summer that accompanied it on the Alaskan tundra was highlighted by the largest , longest lasting and most severe tundra fire to burn in northern Alaska in recorded history . The fire covered an area roughly 10 % larger than Manhattan and burned for 2Â 1/2 months . Although lightning frequently strikes the tundra , the landscape is typically fairly moist and so rarely ignites , and even when it does , the flames do n't spread very far , burn very deeply or remain alight for very long . But the tundra was very dry in 2007 and fire-fueling winds kicked up the blaze . During this single event , the immediate combustion of plants and soils and the thawing of frozen soils injected an enormous amount of carbon into the atmosphere â $ " an amount equivalent to what the entire tundra biome typically absorbs from the atmosphere through plant growth every year . The effect of diminishing sea ice is n't limited to increasing atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations . Warmer conditions on the tundra trigger a cascade of change , including converting its lush but short green carpet into a taller shag , since warmer soils and deeper thaw enable taller , woody plants to grow and thrive on the tundra . What my colleagues and I are discovering from our own work in Alaskan tundra is that this shift in vegetation cover has implications -- some good , some bad -- for the animals that depend on it for food and shelter . Opinion : Extreme weather and a changing climate Each spring many species of migratory songbirds travel to the Arctic tundra from all over the world to breed . Some nest in patches of tall vegetation and may stand to benefit from the expanding taller shag , but those that nest in short vegetation may not be able to adapt . What may likely benefit all species is that the taller vegetation harbors significantly more bugs to eat . We do n't yet know which species will benefit , and which will suffer in response to the changes , but because each species plays a specific ecological role on the tundra , the downfall of one species or proliferation of another could have a domino effect that disrupts the tundra 's delicate food web . And in case you thought that what happens on the tundra stays on the tundra , consider that many of the sparrows , robins and warblers that visit our backyards in winter , or pass through come fall and spring , spend their summers breeding on the tundra ; so , whatever happens to them there will affect which ones and how many of them show up at your bird feeder in the future , potentially setting off a local domino effect . Since the Arctic as a whole is responding to climate change earlier and more acutely than the rest of the planet , we should think of it as an early warning system -- a proverbial canary in a coalmine . Perhaps if we pay closer attention to how the tundra is changing , we can learn some practical lessons on what types of changes to expect here at lower latitudes , which would enable us to mitigate the consequences , or at least plan for how to cope with them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Natalie Boelman .	Natalie Boelman : Arctic sea at lowest extent recorded , affecting Earth 's ability to cool But , she says , change to sea 's neighboring tundra ecosystem is also a big global-warming worry The tundra locks up carbon in frozen soils ; when they thaw , huge amounts released Boelman : Tundra also a vast habitat ; thawing will have far-reaching effects around globe
CNN  -- As hosts of the largest carnival in world football , the pressure is on for South Africa 's national football team to ignite the imagination of local fans by performing well at the 2010 World Cup . If Bafana Bafana is to succeed in their mission , conventional wisdom would be that coach Carlos Alberto Parreira will turn to his best players to deliver results . However , despite firing in 31 goals in 77 appearances to become South Africa 's all-time record goal scorer , Benni McCarthy has had question marks hanging over his participation for his country come June . The prolific striker , who plays for English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers , has only recently returned from a period of international exile , just the latest incident in a stormy history with his country 's football team . He first angered Bafana Bafana fans by going into international retirement in 2002 aged just 25 . The reason ? Traveling to international games was hampering his ability to play European football for Celta Vigo and , later , Porto . "  The whole pattern was killing my career , that 's why I quit international football , " he told British newspaper The Independent in 2004 . "  African football needs the same calendar as Europe otherwise its best players are going to suffer . " He was talked into returning , only to quit again after the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations when the president of the South African FA , Mubarak Mahomad , made an uncomplimentary comment about his performance . That period of self-imposed exile lasted 20 months , until new coach Carlos Alberto Parreira flew to Great Britain to talk to McCarthy , who was now at Blackburn Rovers . But after Parreira quit to care for his sick wife , McCarthy fell out with replacement boss Joel Santana after he refused to play in two warm up matches last March . Despite pleas from South African President Jacob Zuma , Santana refused to pick him . But a run of eight defeats in nine games , which saw the team slump to 86th on the FIFA rankings , Santana was sacked . With goals being South Africa 's biggest problem , it was no surprise that returning coach Parreira made persuading McCarthy to return , for a second time , his top priority . Sure enough , McCarthy returned to the fray last month against Japan . The 32-year-old told local press : "  I want to start afresh and help Bafana do well in the World Cup finals . It is every player 's dream to play for his country ... and I have matured . " "  In the past I was a loose cannon and I apologize if I was wrong -LSB- but -RSB- I am still the best at what I do - and that is scoring goals , " he added . Few could argue with McCarthy 's record . Born in Hanover Park , an impoverished township in Cape Town known for its high unemployment , poverty and gang-related violence , McCarthy escaped to become one of Africa 's most successful football exports . McCarthy started his career in 1995 aged 18 with Seven Stars of Cape Town , where 27 goals in 29 games earned him a move to Cape Town Spurs who soon merged with Ajax Cape Town , a feeder side to their famous Dutch namesake . McCarthy 's potential was enough for Ajax Amsterdam to sign him . Joining in 1997 he scored nine goals to help them win the Eredivisie in his first year , which eventually attracted the attentions of Spain 's Celta Vigo . Although it did n't work out in Spain , his move to Portugal 's FC Porto was a roaring success . In the 2003/04 season he helped Jose Mourinho 's side win the UEFA Champions League with McCarthy memorably grabbing two goals in the second round defeat of Manchester United . McCarthy moved to Premier League outfit Blackburn Rovers in 2006 and scored plenty of goals - he was in the top three league scorers in his debut season - but first-team opportunities have been limited of late . Yet ever since McCarthy made his international debut in a 2-0 home defeat to Holland 1997 , South Africa has been a different side with him in it . Gloom has followed South Africa 's footballing exploits before this summer 's World Cup . But after his most recent ` comeback ' , Bafana Bafana fans will hope that McCarthy can help put the dark days under Joel Santana firmly behind them . Hear what Benni has to say in CNN 's coverage of the World Cup draw , live on Friday 4th December .	South Africa legend Benni McCarthy is part of CNN 's World Cup Draw coverage , Friday 4th December McCarthy is Bafana Bafana 's leading scorer with 32 goals , including two in their previous World Cup adventures McCarthy currently plays for Blackburn Rovers and has had spells with Ajax , Celta Vigo and FC Porto
CNN  -- High U.S. taxes and political indecision are hindering the country 's economic recovery , the head of General Electric has told CNN . In an exclusive interview , Jeff Immelt , chief executive of one of the country 's largest companies , said he wanted the tax structure streamlined . The Fairfield , Connecticut-based company has a market capitalization of $ 240 billion and has faced criticism over its tax payments . But Immelt told CNN the U.S. should reform its system to match those of competing economies . The U.S. needs to "  allow this territorial system -LSB- excusing repatriated profits from being subject to domestic taxes -RSB- so that companies can repatriate their earning back to the United States . That 's the way Germany does it . That 's the way Japan does it . That 's the way the UK does it , " Immelt said . Taxes should be paid based on where profits are made , Immelt added . "  We will sell more gas turbines in the next ten years in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia than the United States by far . " he said . "  I would rather sell all my gas turbines in Chicago . It 's easier , right ? We do n't go there because tax dodgers or anything like that . That 's where the business is . That creates American jobs . " The U.S. corporation tax rate , based on where a company is headquartered , sits at 39 % compared with the UK at 24 % , Singapore at 17 % and Ireland at 12.5 % . Immelt , who is also chair of General Electric , said he believed the tax rate should be around 25 % , and that ultimately "  we just would like to have the same tax policy as every other country in the world . " The existing tax structure is having a " hugely negative impact " on the country 's economy as does the lack of fiscal clarity , he said . "  People need certainty , and I think it does not help when you 're sitting here in October ; and you 've got a fiscal cliff at the end of the year . " There is a "  disconnect " between the U.S. people and public policy , he said . "  If you walk through a factory in Ohio , people know what they want . They 're not divided . If you walk through a factory in Illinois , people know what they want . They 're not divided . " Politicians have "  got to get decisions made " to bring down the national deficit , he said . The public debt of the world 's largest economy currently stands at $ 11.3 trillion , according to the U.S. Department of Treasury . However , the U.S. is "  more competitive today than anytime , " Immelt said . "  Labor is very competitive , the companies are relatively strong on a global basis , and our exports are growing . I think there is a lot in the U.S. and the entrepreneurial spirit is still there . " The country is also making strides in gas , Immelt noted . "  Gas has become plentiful . I mean the gas finds are amazing , " he said . Oil will , however , remain the fuel of choice for powering cars and other consumer products in the foreseeable future , he added . And as a burgeoning middle class emerges in developing nations , particularly in Asia and Latin America , Immelt says the price of oil is likely to remain at current levels with crude oil at around $ 90 a barrel . "  Oil tends to be harder to find today and therefore I think oil pricing could stay relatively high , " he said . It 's likely to say at "  historic highs versus gas for a period of time , " he added .	The U.S. has one of the highest corporation tax rates in the world at 39 % Immelt says the current U.S. tax policies are having a "  hugely " negative impact on GDP The public debt of the U.S. currently stands at $ 11.3 trillion , according to the U.S. Treasury
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Angry workers beat to death a human resources vice president after he laid off 42 employees at an auto-parts manufacturing company in southern India , police said Wednesday . Roy George was vice-president for human resources at Pricol , the auto-parts company . Some four to five workers , belonging to a union not recognized by the company , barged into his office and beat him up with iron rods , said N. Kannan , a police superintendent of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu state . George , 47 , died from his head injuries Tuesday , Kannan told CNN . Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more . Last year the Indian head of an Italian company died after allegedly being beaten by a mob of sacked employees . More than 60 people were charged with the murder of the chief executive of Graziano Transmissioni near New Delhi . Earlier this month , India 's Jet Airways had to cancel hundreds of flights after pilots struck work over the sacking of two of their colleagues in August . Companies in the South Asian nation , despite its rapid economic growth in recent years , have often been faced with tough labor issues because of archaic laws and company policies on hiring and retrenchment . Business consultants in India blame such labor standoffs on what they call lack of transparency in retrenchment or layoff policies . Hiring and firing conditions are often not explained to workers by their companies , said Rajeev Karwal , founding-director of Milagrow Business and Knowledge Solutions . Issues could spiral out of control if the businesses and bureaucrats are seen in a "  corrupt nexus " by the employees seeking reprieve from labor authorities , he said .	Roy George was vice-president for human resources at Pricol auto-parts company Police : Four to five workers barged into his office and beat him with iron rods Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more
CNN  -- A nationwide sweep by federal agents targeting the violent MS-13 street gang has resulted in hundreds of arrests , including 263 gang members , the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency announced Friday . Those arrested in the July and early August sweep include suspects wanted on murder , assault , sexual assault , robbery and kidnapping charges , among other offenses , ICE said in a news release . Among those charged are 158 members and associates of MS-13 , with 105 others allegedly belonging to other gangs . Authorities arrested 84 non-gang members wanted on criminal charges and 14 people on immigration violations as part of the same sweep , according to the federal agency . Murder suspect who is a member of MS-13 arrested Special agents with ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations unit also seized 28 firearms , 10 kilograms of marijuana , 123 grams of cocaine , over 770 grams of heroin and about $ 22,400 in cash . Agency officials describe MS-13 -- also known by the name Mara Salvatrucha -- as "  one of the most dangerous transnational criminal gangs in the world today . " Salvadoran immigrants fleeing that nation 's civil war started MS-13 some years ago in Los Angeles . MS-13 leader gets 76 years Since then , the group has grown to about 10,000 members -- most of them Central and South American immigrants -- operating in largely independent chapters across 42 states , according to the FBI . Authorities allege MS-13 members engage in various criminal activities , including drug trafficking , murder , rape , robbery and other crimes . And MS-13 extends well beyond the United States , which is why many efforts to combat it have spanned borders . In 2005 , for instance , a two-day operation involving more than 6,400 government agents in the United States , El Salvador , Honduras , Guatemala and Mexico led to 660 arrests . Some 237 of those arrests were in El Salvador , with 73 in the United States . Massive international sting nets 660 And last October , President Barack Obama 's administration named the organization a transnational criminal enterprise , with the goal of freezing millions of dollars in profits from drug and sex trafficking operations . Read more : Central America 's bloody drug problem	NEW : Federal agents also seize drugs , firearms and cash Gang sweep nabs 158 members and associates of notorious MS-13 gang , among others Immigration agents made the arrests in July and early August The FBI calls MS-13 an "  exceedingly violent " gang
CNN  -- An airport in New Orleans has received approval to join the ranks of U.S. airports hosting flights to and from Cuba , officials said Wednesday . Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport received permission from the Cuban government , "  the final step in the approval process for launching direct flight service from New Orleans to Cuba , " airport officials said in a statement Wednesday . This year the U.S. government loosened restrictions , allowing the New Orleans airport and other international airports in the United States to apply to host flights to and from the island nation . Previously , charter flights to Cuba flew out of airports in New York , Miami and Los Angeles . "  We do n't actually have the airplanes , but this just provides another opportunity , another avenue for private industry to build those flights or maybe citizens in the community to enjoy the benefits of those flights , " airport spokeswoman Michelle Wilcut told CNN affiliate WGNO . Travel to Cuba from the airport "  will be restricted to ` purposeful ' travel , the airport 's statement said . That means passengers must have close relatives in Cuba , must be involved in the medical or agricultural business sectors , or must be traveling for educational or religious activities . Alina Fernandez of Cuba Travel USA in Metairie , Louisiana , told WGNO she was thrilled by what she called a historic decision . "  It 's opening up ... my country , which makes me very happy , " she said . "  I 'm completely against the embargo . I think that 's something that should have been removed . We 've been having an embargo for over 50 years and there 's been no change , so I think it 's time for new change . " Earlier this year , the White House announced it would allow more academic , cultural and religious travel to Cuba , and would pave the way for more airports to service flights to Cuba . The longstanding U.S.-imposed trade embargo and travel restrictions on Cuba were intended to pressure the communist nation and its leaders to move toward democracy . This year the Department of Homeland Security announced its approval of 12 additional airports to provide passenger air service between the United States and Cuba , according to an August report from the Congressional Research Service . That brought the total number of airports approved to 15 , the report said . "  It is uncertain how many of these airports actually will end up handling flights to and from Cuba , " the report said . Direct flights to Havana from Tampa , Florida , began last month . On September 8 , the first commercial flight between the two cities in nearly 50 years was sold out , Tampa International Airport said in a statement .	Plans for specific flights at the airport are still in the works This year the U.S. government said the airport could host Cuba flights "  It 's opening up my country , " a Cuban expatriate in Louisiana says Restrictions will apply to travelers , the airport says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pilot of a doomed plane that crashed , killing 50 people , said "  Jesus Christ " and "  We 're down , " seconds before the plane hurtled from the night sky into a house outside Buffalo , New York , in February . An investigator walks past the wreckage from a plane crash in Clarence Center , New York , in February . The last sounds heard in the cockpit were First Officer Rebecca Shaw saying "  We 're " and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12 , according to a transcript of the cockpit recording . Seconds earlier , the pilot , Capt. Marvin Renslow , said , "  Jesus Christ , " as a sound "  similar to stick shaker " was heard , the transcript said . Renslow said , "  We 're down , " and a thump was heard before Shaw said , "  We 're " and screamed . The National Transportation Safety Board released the transcript of the cockpit recording on Tuesday as it began a three-day hearing in Washington on the crash . See how crash of Flight 3407 unfolded " Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , killing all 49 people on board and one man in the house . About five minutes before the crash , Shaw had shared with Renslow her fear of flying in icy conditions , according to the transcript . "  I do n't want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls . You know I ` dve freaked out . I ` dve -LSB- sic -RSB- had like seen this much ice and thought , ` oh my gosh , we were going to crash , " Shaw told Renslow . The NTSB 's preliminary investigation determined there was some ice accumulation on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 aircraft , but that "  icing had a minimal impact on the stall speed of the airplane . " Watch more on the NTSB investigation " In a story Monday , the Wall Street Journal cited investigators as saying the crash resulted from pilot Marvin Renslow 's incorrect response to the plane 's precarious drop in speed : He overrode an emergency system known as a "  stick pusher , " which sends the plane into a dive so it can regain speed and avoid a stall . Colgan Air , the operator of Continental Connection flights , said Monday that Renslow had never trained in a flight simulator with the safety system that activated just before the plane went down . Colgan said there is no regulatory requirement that it provide hands-on training with the "  stick pusher . " "  A stick pusher demonstrated in an aircraft simulator is not required by the FAA , " the airline said in a statement . "  And thus was not included in Colgan 's Q400 training program . " The Federal Aviation Administration said its standards do not require hands-on practice with the safety system . "  That 's a significant problem , " veteran pilot Douglas Moss told CNN . Moss , an expert in stall recovery , believes flight simulator practice with a stick pusher should be mandatory for aspiring pilots . "  It 's similar to picking up and throwing a groundball in baseball . You can study it academically all you want to but you really need to develop the proficiency , the skill , the muscle memory required to do that , " said Moss . Renslow had failed five pilot tests , known as "  check rides , " three of which occurred before he joined the airline , Colgan Air said . Renslow had revealed only one of those failures to the airline , according to Colgan . NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said Tuesday that the board 's hearing will not address who is to blame for the accident . "  Over the course of this hearing , we will continue to collect information that will assist the safety board in its examination of safety issues arising from this accident , " he said . He said those issues are : airplane performance , cold weather operations , a sterile cockpit , flight crew training and performance , and fatigue management . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : First officer talked to pilot about fear of crashing , transcript shows Safety board releases transcript from cockpit of plane 's final moments February crash near Buffalo , New York , killed all 49 on plane and one on ground Monday report cited pilot 's training ; airline says training met FAA requirements
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Dozens of fishing boats and 12 coast guard ships from Taiwan briefly entered waters close to a disputed island chain in the East China Sea , Japan 's Coast Guard said on Tuesday . The Coast Guard said the vessels had left Japanese territorial waters by noon local time after it issued a warning and fired water cannons at the ships . It said the Taiwan coast guard vessels fired water from high-pressure hoses in return . It added that 10 Chinese surveillance ships were in the area but none had strayed into waters regarded by Japan as its territory . The long-running dispute over the islands has flared up in recent months , triggering anti-Japanese protests in China . Taiwan , China and Japan all claim ownership of the islands . Read more : Behind the islands dispute Taiwan news agency CNA said that up to 100 fishing boats , escorted by 10 coast guard ships , were making the voyage to assert local fishermen 's rights to operate in the waters . It said the fishing boats came as close as three nautical miles to the islands before turning away . Wang Jinn-wang , head of Taiwan 's Coast Guard Administration , was quoted as saying the flotilla was "  the biggest ever action " to support Taiwan 's sovereignty over the islands . CNA said the island chain lies 100 nautical miles northeast of Taiwan . Earlier this month , the Japanese government bought the disputed islands -- known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China and Taiwan -- from the Japanese family that owned them for 2.05 billion yen  US$ 26.2 million  . The move infuriated China . Protests erupted across dozens of Chinese cities , forcing the closure of a number of Japanese businesses and factories as residents railed against anything representative of Japan or its people . Interactive : Disputed islands : Who claims what ? While Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province , has long been a claimant in the Diaoyu/Senkaku dispute , the self-governing island has seldom rigorously advanced its claims because of an unwillingness to risk its good relationship with Japan , said Alan Dupont , a strategic analyst at the University of New South Wales in Sydney . He said Taiwan 's decision to become more assertive was a response to recent action taken by China and Japan , as well as concerns over access to fishing and marine resources . "  Under the Law of the Sea , you have to demonstrate an ongoing interest in the islands over a period of time . It rewards countries that assert their claims , " he said . China says its claim to the islands goes back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Beijing and Taipei both claim they inherit China 's historic sovereignty over the island . Taiwan is governed by the nationalist Kuomintang party that fled to Taiwan after losing to China 's communists in 1949 . "  The islands get subsumed in the long-running dialogue about reunification , " said Dupont . "  It is one situation where strategic objectives are in sync . " Dupont also said Taiwan 's protest would be an unwanted complication for the U.S. as it tries to strengthen its relationships in Asia to counter China 's rising power . "  It has two of its allies involved in disputes not only with China but also with each other over the same rock . " Dangerous Rocks : Can both sides back off peacefully ?	NEW : Taiwanese ships leave waters claimed by Japan after water cannons fired Japan 's Coast Guard says it warned the vessels to leave its territorial waters Ten Chinese vessels in the area , Coast Guard claims Taiwan , China and Japan all claim ownership of island chain
CNN  -- Walking into a Pyongyang hospital room to greet her imprisoned son , Myunghee Bae was overcome with emotion . Talking exclusively to CNN , Bae said it was a "  very happy moment . At the same time , I could not believe he was a prisoner in North Korea ; a new realization . " Bae was granted a five-day visa to North Korea and three short visits with her son , Kenneth ; a total of six hours , in which she says there was not one moment 's silence . "  He said he 's being treated very fairly , " she said . "  He was taken to a special labor camp , so he was the only prisoner , and a whole lot of people have to stay with him , guards and doctors . " Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me Kenneth Bae , an American citizen , was arrested in November of last year and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean regime says he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . His mother says he has a profound love for the country and its people , and any offense he caused was not intentional . "  Always , he wanted to help the people over there , help the country , " she said . "  He always thought that way , but apparently he misunderstood their system , so a lot of things he realized -- he did some harm to their country . " Bae added that her son 's Christian faith was so strong , he wanted to convey his feelings . North Korea is officially an atheist state and has punished missionaries in the past . Although Bae was unable to meet with North Korean officials to plead her son 's case , she wants to make her message to them clear : "  Please give him mercy and give him amnesty to send him home . We apologize as a family on his behalf , but his health can not sustain any longer if he is sent back to the labor camp again . " Kenneth Bae , American imprisoned in North Korea , moved to hospital Bae was forced to work in the camp for three months until his health deteriorated . His mother says his illnesses include diabetes , an enlarged heart , gallstones , back and neck pains , and high cholesterol . Bae says he looked better when she met him than he appeared in the footage of his hospitalization in August . But that brings its own concerns . "  My worst fear is to send him back to the labor camp because his health seems a little bit improved , that 's my worst fear . Because I do n't think his body can endure eight hours labor a day , six days a week . " Previous Americans detained in North Korea have been released when high-profile visitors have traveled to the country to plead their case . Most notably , former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter went on two separate occasions in 2010 . Bae believes her son 's case has not encouraged such attention , as relations between Washington and Pyongyang hit a new low this year . Myunghee Bae says it has been an agonizing 11 months , not only for her , but also for Kenneth Bae 's wife and three children . "  They all had a very hard time , and I think we all as a family felt helpless . We could not do anything for him , only sending letters ... we do n't have any power to bring him home . " The most heart-breaking part of the trip for Bae was leaving Pyongyang and walking out of the hospital without her son . "  It was very hard ; I can not express my pain and my heartache to leave him behind as a prisoner in North Korea . How long will it take to see him again ? "	Myunghee Bae says seeing son at a Pyongyang hospital was a "  very happy moment " She was granted a five-day visa to North Korea and three short visits with Kenneth Bae He was sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor after being found guilty of "  hostile acts " "  Please give him mercy and give him amnesty to send him home , " mother asks government
CNN  -- Marco Simoncelli 's local track is to renamed in his honor following the Italian MotoGP star 's death in Malaysia last month . The 24-year-old was born in Cattolica on the Adriatic Riviera , less than five miles from the Misano World Circuit , which will now bear his name . The board of directors of the circuit voted unanimously for the change following the tragic accident at the Sepang International circuit on October 23 which claimed Simoncelli 's life . "  We owe it to the memory of Sic  Simoncelli 's nickname  , " Lucas Colaiacovo , the circuit 's vice president was quoted on its official website . "  We owe it to his family , to the hundreds of thousands of fans who admired his courage and humanity , all of the individuals in the sporting world and media who support this spontaneous and moving proposal . "  We are pleased and proud to associate the Misano circuit with Marco Simoncelli , a champion in sport and in life . " The circuit added that it would not use Simoncelli 's name for any commercial activities . Meanwhile , the MotoGP series has moved to the Spanish port city of Valencia for the first race since Simoncelli 's fatal accident . His San Carlo Honda Gresini team are taking part in the final round of the world championship in his honor , but it was newly-crowned champion Casey Stoner on his Repsol Honda who set the fastest lap in first practice Friday . Suzuki 's Alvaro Bautista led a wet second session with a time of one minute 47.975 secs , two seconds slower than Stoner 's earlier benchmark . It was marked by a series of crashes , one of them involving Simoncelli 's former teammate Hiroshi Aoyama , but he escaped unhurt .	The Misano World Circuit is to be renamed after Marco Simoncelli MotoGP rider Simoncelli was killed in a crash in Malaysia earlier this month Sunday 's race in Valencia will be the first since Simoncelli 's death
New York  CNN  -- Steve White knows firsthand just how difficult coming home from war can be . A 1st Cavalry Platoon leader and acting company commander in Vietnam , White experienced the struggles of war and the challenges of readjusting to civilian life . Now the executive director of Veterans Across America , White is working to help the new generation of veterans , mostly from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , find jobs . "  This group -LSB- of veterans -RSB- is extremely well-trained . It 's just that they 're coming home to a terrible economy , there are very few jobs for them , and they 're just being dumped out on the street . We 're doing our best to change that , " says White , 67 , who is anticipating increased work as a large-scale drawdown begins . Almost all of the 40,000 American troops in Iraq are on their way home after President Barack Obama 's order in October to withdraw them by the end of the year . Through the VAA 's Champion Mentor Program , veterans individually team up with a mentor who helps them on the road to employment . They do this through résumé evaluation and improvement , face-to-face meetings , and setting up professional networks for veterans to tap into . The nonprofit organization has already helped more than 7,000 returning troops find jobs . Frank Vazquez is one of the success stories . After graduating from Chelsea Vocational High School in New York , he served in the Navy as an ET3  electronic technician third class  from 2000 to 2004 . His aircraft carrier , the USS Nimitz , was sent to the Persian Gulf in 2003 at the beginning of the war . Vazquez , 31 , spent his tour ensuring that the ship 's radar systems were up to date . After completing his service and returning home in 2004 , Vazquez was searching for work . "  I had no guidance from anyone in the military about what I should do next , " Vazquez told CNN . "  I also never heard from  Veterans Affairs  or other government programs . I actually did n't even know they offered anything . " Through his own efforts , Vazquez found a few short-term jobs as a technician between 2005 and 2008 . In 2009 , he met Glen Witt , VAA 's Champion Mentor Program director . Witt became Vazquez 's mentor and provided support and guidance toward finding employment . "  He was a huge help . He made sure I stayed on top of my applications ; he was there if I needed to call him . He also met me and walked with me to my interview locations . When I did n't think things were gon na work out , he really stood by me and kept me going . " Vazquez is currently a personal banker at Chase in New York . He remains in touch with Witt and VAA . His experience is a far cry from Steve White 's . In 1969 , White says , he was spat on by Vietnam War protesters at Travis Air Force Base in California . White struggled to find a job and traveled to Florida to pursue a second degree . He enrolled at Florida Atlantic University but only stayed for one semester . He remembers his first day , sitting in class while students openly criticized him and other U.S. troops and the war effort . When applying for one job at a machinery plant , White -- he was 24 when he returned from Vietnam -- recalls getting rejected after being told that his résumé did not list any appropriate qualifications . "  The guy told me I did n't have any civilian experience . I was able to get 200 people I did n't know to follow my lead and fight in the jungle , but I supposedly did n't have the experience to get a few people to turn on their machines , " White told CNN . He described his experience as a hostile reception at a time when many employers did n't look at military experience as a marketable background . Don Buzney , a college graduate and Marine Corps captain in Vietnam from June 1968 to March 1969 , recalls applying for a position as a manager at a Chicago trucking company . "  After he looked over my résumé , the interviewer said , ` I 've got a stack of résumés from people who were smart enough to beat the draft , so I 'm not really sure what I can do for you . ' " Both men do , however , see the younger vets receiving more support from the American public . "  The difference today is that many people , whether they support the war or not , they 're still showing support for our troops , " White said . Michael O'Hanlon , director of research and senior fellow at the Brookings Institute , said that the new generation of Veterans is better prepared to enter the labor force . He attributes this preparation to a combat experience older veterans did n't have . "  Our soldiers are having to function in many more capacities than they have in the past , " said O'Hanlon . "  Sure they 're expected to fight , but they have to know how to use technology that did n't exist before . They have to be leaders amongst their groups of soldiers and amongst the local populations . We saw some ` hearts and minds ' type of efforts in Vietnam , but not nearly to the extent we see in these wars . All of these factors should be giving them skills they can use when they 're back here . " Despite the public 's higher support , official government agencies are having a hard time producing tangible success for vets . The 2010 unemployment rate among "  Gulf War Era II " veterans  those who served after September 2001  was 11.5 % , according to the Department of Labor . That number is a huge increase from the 6.1 % rate of 2007 . This is in contrast to the national unemployment rate , currently at 9 % . "  The government and American businesses are throwing the yellow ribbon sticker on their cars , but they have n't gone forward to do anything , " said Wes Poriotis , who founded VAA in 1996 at the request of then-President Bill Clinton . Veterans are simply guided to online portals , where they submit hundreds of copies of their résumés to jobs found on a list . Many applicants never hear back from the companies they apply to and have no other means of looking for work . "  One glaring omission from the government 's programs  is  that they provide no real network for our veterans , " said Poriotis . "  It 's one thing if you 're an officer and you 've got a college degree and a network to lean on , but it 's totally different for the majority of vets , who do n't have a degree and are left to fend for themselves . " At any given time , VAA , headquartered in New York , has mentors in place for 200 veterans . Roughly 52 % are Latino , 35 % African-American , 10 % Caucasian , and 3 % a mixture of Asian and Native American , according to Glen Witt . About 15 % of the veterans are women .	Steve White , 67 , is executive director of the nonprofit group Veterans Across America VAA 's Champion Mentor Program helps Iraq , Afghanistan vets through job maze The nonprofit organization has already helped more than 7,000 returning troops find jobs VAA founder : Government programs have "  no real network " for troops coming home
CNN  -- Images of Super Typhoon Haiyan 's aftermath in the Philippines appear so devastatingly apocalyptic that most Filipino-Americans remain on edge . What news does get out only makes the situation seem more unbearable , especially when CNN viewers see typhoon survivors such as Magina Fernandez make anguished pleas in televised reports . "  Get international help to come here now , not tomorrow , now , " Fernandez said . "  This is really , really like bad , worse than hell . Worse than hell . " If only loved ones could hear a more reassuring message . But personal communication is slow in coming . Relatives in the United States and around the world are turning to social media sites such as Facebook , reading Philippine-based media sites  such as Manila 's major newspaper , the Inquirer  for news , all while waiting for that phone call , text or any kind of message from an unaccounted loved one . Because of infrastructure failures , only a few individuals from the most ravaged areas such as Tacloban in the Leyte area of the central Philippines are able to communicate by cell or land line . iReport : Are you searching for a family member in the Philippines ? While the Third World is in rubble , the First World is in the dark . Nearly half of all the 3.4 million Filipino-Americans live in California . Among them is Janet Alvarado , who waits for news from her home in San Francisco . Alvarado , 52 , executive director of a historical project that preserves images of Filipino-American life and connects Filipino-Americans to Tacloban 's main region , Leyte , has heard from just one family member . But that 's just a single strand of a large extended family in the Philippines . Alvarado was born in the United States , but her mother , Norberta Magallanes Alvarado , 94 , immigrated to the U.S. in the 1940s from Tacloban . Like many Filipinos , Norberta Alvarado came with only one of her younger brothers , meaning there are many relatives still living in Tacloban and the surrounding area . "  My mom is so worried , " Janet Alvarado said . "  She just gets up every day and prays . " The first positive sign came when another cousin in San Francisco was able to confirm on Facebook and through text messages that her cousin Ruseli and husband Nonoy Gula were both able to leave Tacloban safely this weekend . "  She said they just could n't stay , " Janet Alvarado said . "  It smelled too much like death . " Another set of cousins , Dino Magallanes and a younger relative , were OK , too . Alvarado said they were on a motorcycle on the road from Biliran to Ormoc , another part of Leyte . Alvarado said that trip usually takes an hour , but it took five hours in the aftermath of the storm . "  They said there were just too many bodies all around , " Janet Alvarado said about her cousin 's experience . "  The bodies were just piled up on the road . " Now the focus is on finding another cousin from Tacloban proper . But no one has heard from him . "  Armando is an engineer in his late 50s , " Janet Alvarado said . "  His daughter Inday is missing , too . Where they are ? We just do n't know . We have n't heard . " The Philippines Red Cross has reportedly set up a call service at 09175328500 . The Philippine Daily Inquirer also reported that Google has set up a person finder at 16508003977 , where one enters "  search  the person 's name  " into Google . iReport : Home ` wiped out , ' but family is alive But with news images looking increasingly grim , and another storm coming , hope is girded by more prayer . That 's tough when even Leyte 's Metropolitan Cathedral had its roof and ceiling blown away by the super typhoon , which is known as Yolanda in the Philippines . The government is well aware of the country 's vulnerability to natural disasters . Sure enough , Yolanda , the third major typhoon to hit the Philippines in three years , comes at a huge financial cost . The Philippines has about $ 500 million to take care of infrastructure issues . The personal needs of the population will have to be made up from individual Filipinos throughout the world . The country 's 10 million overseas workers already provide the Philippines with $ 24 billion in remittances . It 's much needed when about a third of the people in the Philippines live in poverty , existing on $ 2 a day . The U.S. government has already committed $ 20 million to help the Philippines . Filipino-Americans will also be counted on to pitch in , perhaps even more than they already do . The struggling country boasted a first-quarter gross domestic product growth of around 7.8 % , outpacing China as well as India , Thailand and Vietnam . President Benigno Aquino , with an aggressive pro-business and clean government platform , seemed to be getting the country back on its feet . But now this . iReport : ` All I could do was say a prayer ' Filipinos have always been a tough people . But the typhoon has brought despair . We need everyone who can to help the survivors and country get back on track . In the meantime , loved ones anxiously hope that messages from relatives will come soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Emil Guillermo .	Emil Guillermo : Images of a post-typhoon Philippines are devastatingly apocalyptic Guillermo : While the Third World is in rubble , the First World is in the dark He says people around the world are worried about their loved ones in the Philippines Guillermo : We need to help the survivors and struggling country get back on track
CNN  -- British boxer Amir Khan has retained his WBA light-welterweight title after winning the much-hyped "  battle of the faiths " by stopping challenger Dmitriy Salita in the first round on Saturday night . Khan , a devout Muslim , knocked down his Jewish opponent three times before the referee stopped after just one minute and 16 seconds . Salita , an American citizen who was born in Ukraine and is nicknamed "  Star of David " , was unable to follow up his bold claims made in the build-up to the fight , which took place in Newcastle in the north-east of England . The 22-year-old Khan was successful in his first defense of the belt that he won in defeating Andreas Kotelnik in July . He is trained by American Freddie Roach , who also guides Filipino star Manny Pacquiao , considered by many to be the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world . "  It was very explosive . The fight was just what we asked for , what Freddie asked me to do . We had too much power for this guy , " a delighted Khan told reporters after the fight . "  I 'm a growing young man and developing as a man . Freddie said to take it easy , pick the right shots and you 'll take this guy out and we did . "  Freddie is a great trainer , he 's like a father figure to me and to have him in my corner means a lot . Everyone knows I 'm a hard-working fighter and if you put the hard work in you 're going to get the benefits . "  After the first shot I could see his legs buckling and I just had to take my time . I knew he was going . " Roach has helped the Olympic silver medal winner to rebuild his career after a humiliating defeat by unknown Colombian Breidis Prescott last year . "  It was a blessing in disguise what happened against Prescott , I got beat and came back stronger , " Khan said . Roach was equally impressed with his young charge . "  I would give him an A + . I said if you hurt him , finish him . We 've been working on that power and the fight was really over after that first punch , " he said .	British boxer Amir Khan retains his WBA light-welterweight title in his first defense Khan , a devout Muslim , destroys Jewish opponent Dmitriy Salita in the first round He knocked down the Ukraine-born American three times in the opening minute
EW.com  -- Kris Allen was in a car accident on New Year 's Day , but though he 's bruised a bit , 2013 is already shaping up to be a wonderful year for the former "  American Idol " champion . "  Thank you @ford for equipping me with a car that kept my whole family @katyallen @ZorroPup and the little one we have on the way safe , " he tweeted last night , letting slip the news that he and his wife are expecting a child . Just in case fans missed the clue , he followed up with , "  Yes I got in a really bad wreck tonight and yes I 'm having a lil baby . #gonnabeadaddy . " Allen 's mother , Kimberly had previously tweeted the car wreck news saying , "  From Kris : he 's in a lot of pain , arm broke , may not play guitar for a while . Prayers welcome please ! #headoncollision , " and "  Kristopher and Katy are both pretty beat up but ALIVE ! Thank you Jesus ! They are setting his arm now and will have surgery tomorrow . " Lastly , Allen reassured fans that his injuries would not interfere with his upcoming tour : "  Do n't worry everyone I may have broken my wrist but the #OutAliveTour is still on . " See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Former "  American Idol " winner Kris Allen tweeted about being a car accident He also announced that he and his wife are expecting Despite a broken wrist , he still plans on going on tour
