CNN  The door is open , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said to Jews worldwide . "  Extremist Islamic terrorism has struck Europe again , this time in Denmark , " he said Sunday . "  We are preparing and calling for the absorption of mass immigration from Europe . To the Jews of Europe and to the Jews of the world I say that Israel is waiting for you with open arms . " Netanyahu extended the invitation after violent acts of anti-Semitism , most recently the killing of two people in Copenhagen , one at a free-speech forum and the second outside a synagogue . The Israeli Prime Minister did the same thing in January after terrorists killed 19 people over three days in Paris , including during an attack on a Kosher grocery . Another reminder of anti-Semitism came Monday when it was announced five teens were charged with vandalizing a Jewish cemetery in France . With occurrences of anti-Semitism putting many in Europe on edge , will Netanyahu 's words resonate with Danish Jews ? Chief Rabbi of Cophenhagen Jan Melchior said no and struck a defiant tone Monday . "  We will not let terror dictate our lives , " he said . "  We will not . We will continue living as Jews here in Denmark and everywhere else in the world . " However , many European Jews are voting for Israel with their feet , according to the website for The Jewish Agency , the liaison group between Israel and Jews worldwide . Nearly 7,000 people moved from France to Israel in 2014 , making France the top country of origin for immigrating Jews for the first time , the TJA website said . That 's up dramatically from 3,400 French Jews in 2013 and 1,900 in 2012 , TJA said . Inquiries by French Jews shot up 300 % after the January attacks , TJA said last month in a press release , with 80 % of the calls coming from Paris . "  It 's meteoric , " TJA Global Center Director Yossi Leibovitz said . Figures on Danish immigration and actual immigrations in 2015 were not provided . Overall , 26,500 people immigrated to Israel in 2014 , a 32 % spike over 2013 . Cyril Berdugo told CNN he grew up in France but left for the United States a few years ago because of increasing violence against Jewish people , from murders to people being beaten in the streets for wearing the Star of David or a yarmulke or "  because they are apparently Jews . " "  I told my family anti-Semitism was being impossible in France , it was being an intolerable situation in France , " he said . "  I told my parents I would leave so I could express my Judaism in a very free way here in the United States . " He said his family members stayed in France because they did n't want to uproot their lives , having lived there for decades . Jewish citizens are an integral part of the country , French and Danish leaders say . French President Francois Hollande spoke broadly to French Jews last month at a ceremony marking the liberation of the Auschwitz death camp near the end of World War II , saying , "  You , French people of the Jewish faith , your place is here , in your home . France is your country , " according to Reuters . Danish Prime Helle Thorning-Schmidt , speaking Monday night at a candlelight vigil for the shooting victims attended by an estimated 40,000-plus people , said , "  An attack on Denmark 's Jews is an attack on everyone . The Jewish community is an important part of Denmark . We will stand together and continue the everyday life we know . We stand together as Danes . " The Copenhagen attack had similarities to the Paris attacks . Both targeted cartoonists -- Lars Vilks in Copenhagen and the staff of the satiric Charlie Hebdon magazine in Paris . Both were small terrorist operations that reaped big headlines . The name of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was invoked both times -- by Paris kosher grocery gunman Amedy Coulibaly in a video and by the Copenhagen gunman in a Facebook posting . Copenhagen 's crisis moment with terrorism occurred Saturday when a gunman opened fire at a free speech forum in Copenhagen , killing one man , before shooting several people outside a synagogue and killing another . The gunman was killed in a shootout with police . It could have been worse , said Don Rosenberg , a Jewish community leader in Copenhagen . "  The shooter could have gotten into the community center , " he said . "  The outcome could have been a massacre I dare not to think about . " In the days following , two men were charged with being accessories to murder and Vilks , a Swedish cartoonist who attended the forum and escaped unharmed , went into hiding . Vilks , known for his controversial depictions of the Prophet Mohammed , is on an al Qaeda hit list . Anti-Semitism has increased in Europe , especially since the most recent Gaza conflict and the rise of ISIS in Syria and Iraq . Gerard Araud , French ambassador to the United States , told CNN that it 's crucial for France to protect its Jewish citizens . "  It would be a major moral , political , human failure if the French Republic if we are not able to protect our Jewish compatriots , " Araud said . "  It 's a major challenge but we 'll do our best to face it . " Rabbi Bent Lexner , former chief rabbi of Copenhagen , said there 's historical precedent for Netanyahu 's invitation . "  In 1961 Ben-Gurion , the first Israeli prime minister , came to Denmark and said the same thing , " Lexner told CNN . "  The chief rabbi went out in the media and said , ` This is not the way to come here , Prime Minister , and tell people to leave . ' " People should not move to Israel out of fear , he said . "  I 'm a father of three children who have left Denmark and are living and have establishing families in Israel , " he said . "  They did not leave Denmark because they were afraid . They went to Israel because they wanted to live in Israel . And I want those people who come to Israel , they should come to Israel because they want to go , not because they 're afraid to be in another European country . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Israeli Prime Minister : "  To the Jews of Europe and to the Jews of the world I say that Israel is waiting for you with open arms " Danish prime minister : "  An attack on Denmark 's Jews is an attack on everyone "
CNN  The Afghan girl whose arresting green eyes made her face known around the world in 1985 has resurfaced , this time in connection with fraudulently obtained identity cards in Pakistan . Sharbat Gula was 12 when photographer Steve McCurry captured his iconic image of her living in a refugee camp for Afghan nationals in Peshawar , Pakistan . The image appeared on the cover of National Geographic magazine . This week , Pakistani media revealed that a woman believed to be her and two men said to be her sons allegedly obtained national identity cards using forged documents . An official in Pakistan 's National Database and Registration Authority  NADRA  confirmed the account to CNN , saying the woman -- identified as Sharbat Bibi -- claimed to have been born in Peshawar . The official spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity . The cards have since been canceled and four NADRA officials have been suspended in connection with the investigation , Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper reported , citing an anonymous agency source . Such documents are off limits for Afghan nationals living in the country , the newspaper said . It 's unclear if Sharbat Gula remains in Peshawar or has gone elsewhere . Some 1.5 million registered refugees from Afghanistan are living in Pakistan , according to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . More than 3.8 million have returned to Afghanistan , according to the agency . Pressure has been mounting in Pakistan for the remaining refugees to return home , the New York Times reported this week .	"  Afghan Girl " from 1985 National Geographic cover resurfaces in documents probe A government official confirms she and two men fraudulently obtained identity cards
CNN  World champion Lewis Hamilton emerged from his sick bed for a marathon stint in his Mercedes but it was Red Bull rival Daniel Ricciardo who set the fastest time on the second day of F1 pre-season testing in Barcelona Friday . Hamilton had to cut short his session on the first day as he complained of a fever and his reappearance for the afternoon runs at the Circuit de Catalunya came as something of a surprise to the fans and media following proceedings . He duly completed 89 laps and ominously for Mercedes ' rivals for the upcoming season set the fifth fastest time , despite running on slower medium compound tires . The 30-year-old Briton was just over a third of a second slower than the one minute 24.574 seconds posted by Ricciardo , who set the time on a soft tire , generally reckoned to be about one second faster per lap than the medium . Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg had taken the wheel for the morning session and completed 66 laps -- eventually finishing sixth on the time sheets , with his best lap also set on the medium tire . Rosberg , troubled by a neck injury Thursday , had double reason to celebrate his promising showing as he announced on social media that his wife Vivian was expecting their first child . While Mercedes appears set to continue its 2014 dominance into the new season , it was undoubtedly an improvement for Ricciardo and Red Bull , as the Australian attempted to simulate race conditions and totaled 143 laps over the two sessions , the most by a single driver on the second day . Ferrari -- so off the pace in Fernando Alonso 's final season with the famous marquee in 2014 -- has also found encouragement from the two pre-season tests to date and Kimi Raikkonen was second fastest behind Ricciardo . Third best was the Williams of Felipe Massa , with less than a tenth of a second separating the top three . Sergio Perez was fourth fastest in the year-old Force India VJM07 . With the first race of the season less than a month away from March 13-15 in Australia , time is running out for team 's struggling with their 2015 cars , not least CNN-sponsored McLaren-Honda , with former world champions Alonso and Jenson Button in its driver lineup . Alonso , who has switched from Ferrari , was finally able to get some meaningful action under his belt with a total of 59 laps and the seventh fastest time . McLaren 's MP4-30 is using cutting edge technology combined with a new Honda engine , but there have been extensive teething problems . Two sons of illustrious motorsport fathers were also in action Friday . Jolyon Palmer , whose father Jonathan raced in F1 , was eighth best for Lotus in his first test at this level . Carlos Sainz Jr , the offspring of the former world rally champion , drove for Toro Rosso and racked up 100 laps although triggering a red flag when he went off and into the gravel on Turn 9 at the Spanish circuit . Testing continues for the next two days at the same venue and the teams return from next Thursday for a final four days to iron out problems before the season starts for real .	Daniel Ricciardo sets fastest time in second day of testing at Circuit de Catalunya Red Bull star edges out Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa World champion Lewis Hamilton shrugs off sickness to complete 89-lap afternoon stint Formula One season starts next month in Australia
CNN  -- It 's been 15 years since Darius and Nina fell in love after that pivotal poetry reading in Chicago , but fans of "  Love Jones " are still talking about the pair 's epic romance . A highbrow , dramatic love story between two young African-Americans , "  Love Jones " grossed a mere $ 12 million at the domestic box office in 1997 , but it has an enduring cult following that can certainly be attributed to the film 's authenticity . One month after "  Love Jones ' " 15th anniversary , however , "  Think Like A Man " earned more than $ 39 million domestically in its first week . Featuring a predominantly African-American ensemble cast , the film adaptation of Steve Harvey 's best-selling nonfiction book , raises a frequent question : Is Hollywood finally ready to support more movies featuring African-American love ? The creators behind these stories have hoped the answer to that question would be "  yes " "  a million times " before , said "  Love and Basketball " writer/director Gina Prince-Bythewood . "  Maybe  ` Think Like A Man '  is the spark . " Filmmakers say Hollywood executives , often citing humble box office numbers , can be skeptical when it comes to pouring money into African-American productions . Prince-Bythewood 's 2000 movie , for example , is still a fan favorite but earned just $ 27 million domestically in theaters . Keith Merryman and David A. Newman , who wrote the screenplay for "  Think Like A Man , " say it 's difficult to get financing for a black film . The film only had $ 12.5 million to play with , but given its box office success thus far , the men hope bigger budgets will increasingly be available to films featuring actors of color . With the exception of Taraji P. Henson 's character , Lauren , who was written as an African-American , Merryman and Newman said , they "  did n't know what color the whole thing was going to be going in . " Their main concern , Newman said , was exploring the universal differences between men and women . The pair said they have an interracial couple they wanted in the film and their race "  is never commented on , " but the couple 's problems stem from the fact that he refuses to grow up and be a man . "  African-American filmmakers , we know the audience is there , " "  Love & Basketball 's " Prince-Bythewood said . "  It 's just , the films that are made are not always as great as they can be , so when one fails , they think , ` the African-American audience is n't going , ' as opposed to , ` it was n't a very good movie . ' " "  Love Jones " writer/director Theodore Witcher adds that when one action movie fails at the box office , nobody assumes it 's because people are n't interested in seeing action movies . But that 's been the case with romantic dramas . "  There 's a dearth of love stories in general , " said Witcher , who 's currently working on a "  Love Jones " sequel . "  You do n't see a lot of romantic dramas from Hollywood of any kind . ... By the time that concept trickles down to black people , there 's nothing really . " Most of the movies starring African-American casts that do feature a love story are meant to be comedic and aimed at a very specific audience , Prince-Bythewood said .  Even "  Think Like A Man , " which rests on its love stories , is very much a comedy . And although Tyler Perry 's films routinely attract moviegoers , studios seem to view his movies as a separate genre , she continued . "  I would love to just obliterate this idea of black film being a genre , " she said . "  It should n't be a genre . There should just be films with African-American casts . " "  Think Like A Man " might have attracted a more mainstream audience because of the way it was marketed . There were advertisements for the film all over the place , Prince-Bythewood said . It appeared to target a much wider demographic than films like "  Love & Basketball " and "  Love Jones , " she added . Whether the flick will continue to draw crowds in its second weekend at the box office remains to be seen , but its performance to date might be enough to warrant more films of its kind -- and quite possibly a sequel , as one of the film 's stars , Kevin Hart , recently suggested . When a movie like "  Think Like A Man " comes out , audiences flock to theaters , Prince-Bythewood said . "  There 's a huge audience out there , starved for content . "	After "  Love Jones ' " 15th anniversary , "  Think Like A Man " earns $ 39 million The film 's earnings more than doubled its $ 12.5 million budget Screenwriters say it 's hard to get financing for a black film
Los Angeles police are investigating a sexual assault claim against Bill Cosby , a police spokeswoman said Friday . The woman is a "  possible victim " of sexual assault by Bill Cosby , Officer Jane Kim said , adding it is an open case but declining further comment . Cosby is coming under increasing scrutiny as more and more women accuse him of sexual misconduct . At least 21 women have made claims against him in recent weeks . The 77-year-old comedian and actor has vehemently denied most of the accusations that he drugged and sexually assaulted young women . He has never been charged with a crime . One of the latest accusations comes from former Playboy bunny P.J. Masten , who says there are 12 more ex-bunnies with similar stories who do n't want to come forward . Masten told CNN 's Alisyn Camerota that Cosby drugged and raped her at a Chicago hotel . She said she told her supervisor soon afterward and was told no one would believe her because Cosby and Playboy founder Hugh Hefner were good friends . Hefner responded to the allegations in a statement Friday , saying "  Bill Cosby has been a good friend for many years and the mere thought of these allegations is truly saddening . I would never tolerate this kind of behavior , regardless of who was involved . " The new accusations could further sully the reputation of Cosby -- the man behind children 's programming such as "  Fat Albert " and "  Little Bill , " and whose eponymous No. 1 sitcom , "  The Cosby Show , " cast him as a wisecracking , doting family man .	Police : The woman is a "  possible victim " of sexual assault by Cosby At least 21 women have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct An ex-Playboy bunny tells CNN Cosby drugged and raped her Cosby has vehemently denied most of the accusations
New York  CNN  -- The Indian diplomat whose arrest sparked a testy exchange between the United States and India won a dismissal of a federal indictment Monday , according to court documents . Devyani Khobragade was arrested and strip searched by federal agents in New York City in December after federal authorities accused Khobragade of lying on a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper . She was indicted on January 9 by a federal grand jury on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements . Khobragade then filed a motion to dismiss the charges , claiming she was "  cloaked in diplomatic immunity at the time of her arrest , " according to the motion . The court agreed , stating that Khobragade was "  appointed a Counselor to the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations , a position that cloaked her with full diplomatic immunity , " according to court documents . She was appointed to that position on January 8 , a day before she was indicted . "  Even if Khobragade had no immunity at the time of her arrest and has none now , her acquisition of immunity during the pendency of proceedings mandates dismissal , " U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin wrote . "  The government may not proceed on an indictment obtained when Khobragade was immune from the jurisdiction of the court , " Scheindlin continued . Khobragade 's attorney , Daniel Arshack , said in a statement that Khobragade is pleased that "  the rule of law has prevailed . " "  We are heartened that the court agreed with our legal analysis and rejected the prosecution 's arguments by dismissing the case , " he said . India 's external affairs spokesman , Syed Akbaruddin , issued a statement welcoming the ruling . James Margolin , spokesman for the United States Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York , did not rule out the possibility of further charges . "  As the court indicated in its decision , and as Devyani Khobragade has conceded , there is currently no bar to a new indictment against her for her alleged criminal conduct , and we intend to proceed accordingly , " he said in a statement . Khobragade , who left the United States in January , is now working for the Indian Ministry of External Affairs in Delhi . Her case drew international attention , with Indian officials demanding apologies from Washington , and the United States announcing it would withdraw one official from its embassy in New Delhi . CNN 's Allison Malloy in New York and Harmeet Singh in New Delhi contributed to this report .	NEW : India welcomes the ruling Devyani Khobragade was accused of lying on a visa application That search sparked outrage in India , with officials there demanding an apology Khobragade had diplomatic immunity , so the charges ca n't stand , judge finds
A massive northern California wildfire that 's threatening Yosemite National Park and San Francisco 's key water and power sources grew Monday , becoming the 13th largest in state history , state fire authorities said . The Rim Fire , which has devoured 160,980 acres , has scorched an area about the size of the city of Chicago while more than 3,600 firefighters try to rein it in . Susan Loesch and Curtis Evans just started settling into their second home in California 's Sierra foothills a few months ago . Now , they 're worried it could go up in smoke as the massive wildfire spreads . "  This is kind of a little paradise up here for us . ... To think this would all be gone would be devastating , " Evans told CNN on Sunday . Cradling their Chihuahua , Cuervo , they prepared to leave the area Sunday . "  It 's scary , " Loesch said . "  You worry about the firefighters being on the line . ... It 's overwhelming . " The wildfire , which was 20 % contained Monday night , was spreading primarily to the east and threatened to grow amid extremely dry conditions and hot weather . Part of the fire continued to spread Monday toward a key part of San Francisco 's water supply : the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , which lies within Yosemite and is just east of the flames . The fire also could threaten the area 's hydroelectric generators , which provide much of San Francisco 's electricity . Because of the approaching flames , officials shut down the generators , and the city -- more than 120 miles to the west -- temporarily is getting power from elsewhere . "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Northwest of the reservoir , rocky terrain could stop the fire 's growth there , Bentley said . As many as 20 helicopters and air tankers were aiding firefighting efforts . A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in Yosemite National Park . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park "  The park is a national treasure , " said U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Vickie Wright , "  so no matter what it takes , we 're going to do everything in our power to protect that park . " While the Rim Fire has consumed at least 12,000 acres in the northwest section of the park , so far it has had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . About 4,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . The fire so far has cost more than $ 20 million , Bentley said . Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin The inferno threatened the Yosemite gateway communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus National Forest . "  Business is slow , very slow , " said Corinna Loh , owner of the Iron Door Saloon in Groveland . Her normal season is Memorial Day to Labor Day . "  This is time we manage to save up money to make it through the winter , so it 's really scary for all of us , " she said , sitting among empty tables . The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , InciWeb said . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . The fire has destroyed 11 homes and 12 outbuildings , as well as a Yosemite campground owned by the city of Berkeley , officials said . Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . Fire , what fire ? The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . August sees an influx of visitors from other countries , a few of whom have called to check on conditions . Still , there 's little indication so far it 's keeping many people away . Ranger programs went on as normal over the weekend and campgrounds were full . "  If somebody cancels , there are 10 people that will take their spot , " said Yosemite spokesman Scott Gediman . Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , the National Park Service said . What you need to know about wildfires	The Rim Fire has burned more than 160,000 acres in California A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in Yosemite National Park Evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes Official : "  We 're going to do everything in our power to protect " Yosemite
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A disorganized Tropical Storm Tomas limped toward the central Caribbean Monday , but forecasters said the storm could re-intensify into a rare November hurricane later this week . As of 5 p.m. Monday , the center of Tomas was about 65 miles  105 kilometers  north-northeast of Aruba and about 400 miles  640 kilometers  south-southeast of Port-au-Prince , Haiti . It had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph  75 kph  , with higher gusts , and was moving west at 12 mph  19 kph  . No coastal watches or warnings were in effect associated with Tomas , according to the Miami , Florida-based National Hurricane Center . But the center urged residents of Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Haiti to keep an eye on the storm , which is expected to continue westward over the next day or two and slow down . Tracking maps show that Tomas could take a sharp turn to the northeast and approach Haiti later in the week , possibly as a Category 1 hurricane . The storm could deal another blow to the island nation , which is still recovering from a devastating January earthquake and currently battling a cholera outbreak . But "  Tomas could still hit anywhere from the Dominican Republic to eastern Cuba , " CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said . Tropical storm-force winds extend out 140 miles  220 kilometers  from Tomas ' center , mainly to the east , the Hurricane Center said . Tomas is expected to continue weakening , but "  restrengthening could begin by late Tuesday , " forecasters said . The forecast track for Tomas , a storm which formed in late October , is typical for November hurricanes , CNN meteorologist Bonnie Schneider wrote on a blog for HLN 's "  Morning Express . " Although hurricanes are less likely to form in November , "  the month is n't always hurricane-free , " Schneider said . "  Two fairly recent November hurricanes include Hurricane Lenny in 1999 and Hurricane Michelle in 2001 . " September is usually the most likely month for tropical storm formation , according to Schneider . But "  often this time of year , the westerly wind is strong enough to steer the storms out to sea into the Atlantic , rather than northwestward into the Gulf of Mexico . " The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30 . Tomas lashed the Caribbean island of St. Vincent over the weekend , prompting about 1,000 people to enter shelters . Two people were injured , including one critically , when they tried to repair roof damage during the storm , said Michelle Forbes , acting director of National Emergency Management . Tomas also left downed trees that blocked many roads , Forbes said , and large areas of the island lacked power . More than 100 homes sustained roof damage , she said , and authorities expected the number to rise . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm is slowing and will likely turn to the northeast later in the week NEW : No warnings or watches are currently in effect Storm could approach Haiti , the Dominican Republic or Cuba
CNN  -- On May 27 , Margaret Awino gave birth to Paul Mukisa with the help of her mother-in-law inside her home in Nabigingo , a small village in eastern Uganda . But instead of joy and jubilation for the birth of her fifth child , the 28-year-old mother was shocked : her newborn son had been born with four legs and four arms . The family rushed to a nearby district hospital for help but they were quickly referred to Mulago Hospital in the Ugandan capital of Kampala . There , a team of doctors examined the infant and made the diagnosis of "  parasitic twinning , " a variant of conjoint twinning in which one of the twins is not fully developed -- baby Paul had been born with a full set of arms and legs and another set from a headless and heartless mirror image twin that never fully grew . The Ugandan doctors ran a series of tests on the eight-limbed newborn which showed that the host and parasitic twin shared part of the pelvic bone . Examinations of Paul 's internal organs revealed further abnormalities : his heart was on the right side of his body , instead of the left , while his liver was on the left side as opposed to the right . After these initial investigations , Paul was discharged home for three months as the surgeons wanted to allow him to grow before performing an operation to separate the twins . Finally , on August 18 , a Ugandan team of three surgeons , three anesthesiologists and two nurses successfully completed a three-hour operation to remove parts of the parasitic twin from the normal body . "  The baby was given general anesthesia and the torso and trunk of the parasitic twin -- which had two arms but no head or heart -- was detached from the host baby , " said Dr Nasser Kakembo , one of the surgeons who carried out the operation . "  Then we also detached the lower limbs of the parasitic twin from the host , which included disarticulating the right and left lower limbs as they were attached by joints . We controlled the bleeding and fashioned skin flaps to close the resulting wound , " he added . "  There were no intra-operative or post-operative complications and mild blood loss and a precautionary blood transfusion was given . " Three weeks after the surgery , the baby is progressing and breastfeeding well , according to the doctors . "  The father and mother were very grateful because at first they thought it was due to witchcraft , and their baby was a laughing stock because of the abnormalities , " said Kakembo . The incidence of conjoined twins is one in 50,000 , while parasitic twins are extremely rare . The condition is typically created after one of the twins stops developing at a certain point during the pregnancy , and the remnants of that twin merge with the twin that has continued developing . Back in 2007 , an eight-limbed girl in India made global headlines after a team of 30 surgeons successfully completed a mammoth 27-hour operation to remove her "  parasitic twin . " For the doctors at Mulago Hospital , this was the first time they had ever performed a surgery like this . "  We have not had a prior experience with a parasitic twin but we work on many other children with multiple complex multi-organ congenital anomalies such as intestinal , urologic , cardiac , and orthopedic defects , " said Kakembo . "  Although twinning is very rare worldwide , " he continued , "  we have an increased incidence in Africa -- we -LSB- have -RSB- seen numerous sets of conjoint twins , five to six sets in the last few years . " Baby Paul Mukisa is still at the hospital and will remain there for the next two weeks , being treated by medics . Looking ahead , doctors say that they "  anticipate a healthy baby that may have a wide gait due to the large pelvic bone , and this may require orthopedic reconstruction in the future . "	Boy born with multiple limbs is progressing well after operation to remove "  parasitic twin " The surgery took place at the Mulago Hospital in Kampala , Uganda A parasitic twin is a conjoined twin that did not fully develop The baby boy will remain in the hospital for two more weeks
CNN  -- Hundreds of Russians hit the streets of Moscow on Sunday , rallying to promote peace and equality in response to a rash of ethnic violence and unrest , state-run media reported . The "  Moscow for Everyone " demonstration in Pushkin Square drew about 1,500 participants , according to RIA Novosti . "  People who came here do not intend to put up with the events that occurred in Moscow on December 11 and 15 , " said Viktor Shenderovich , one of the event 's organizers . "  I believe the riots in Moscow were caused by pus that burst out . " Police officers set up metal detectors around the square , checking for knives and other weapons in a bid to avoid a repeat of street violence earlier this month . The turmoil began in southern Moscow , with the death of Yegor Sviridov , 28 , a Kyrgyzstan migrant who authorities said was killed in a brawl with migrants from Russia 's North Caucasus region on December 6 . Five days later , about 5,000 nationalists and "  football hooligans " clashed with Moscow police as an unsanctioned nationalist-tinged mass memorial for a fellow supporter turned violent , according to state media . The confrontations took place in Manezh Square , outside the Kremlin , and led to the arrests of 65 Spartak Moscow fans for "  disobedience , " Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said , according to the official Russian news agency Itar-Tass . The head of the Spartak Moscow fan club has told RIA Novosti that the showdown had nothing to do with sports but , instead , was rooted in problems in Russian society . Then , on December 15 , police arrested more than 200 people in downtown Moscow four days later and seized weapons in a bid to prevent clashes between ethnic Russians and members of Caucasus ethnic groups , Russian news agencies reported . Ilya Kubrakov , suspected of being the riots ' ringleader , and three others were arrested December 17 for their role in Sviridov 's death , a Moscow court announced , according to RIA Novosti . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has blamed the rash of ethnic violence on investigators who released suspects in Sviridov 's death , the news agency reported . Medvedev called on authorities to take measures to punish those responsible for the crime .	About 1,500 people attend the "  Moscow for Everyone " rally , state-run media reports The event aimed to promote peace after several incidents of violence The turmoil began with the killing of a Krygyz migrant in a street brawl Police clashed with protesters twice in subsequent days , arresting about 265 people
New York  CNN  -- The recent suicidal violence in Pakistan coincides with a growing concern that President Obama might be tempted by the same folly that drove President Bush and massively increase the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan -- by up to 65,000 if he were to listen to some of his military advisers . This is a deadly mistake that would drag the United States into a quagmire with even more catastrophic consequences than those it has faced in Iraq . The recent comment by White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel to CNN that "  the Bush administration failed to ask critical questions about the war in Afghanistan " would be a key point of departure , but the question remains how critically Obama is willing to ask these questions . The fear that is now principally driving this tendency to escalate the war is that the Taliban and al Qaeda are about to declare victory over yet another superpower , and even expand their theater of operation , as the British army chief General Sir David Richards has suggested , into other parts of the world . This is a phantom fear , from a frightful figment of imagination in which the U.S. and European armies are now strategically invested and that has for almost a decade had a crippling effect on any measure of reason and sanity . There is no better way to combat this fearful fantasy than rethink what we have collectively come to understand by these two elusive terms "  Taliban " and "  al Qaeda . " The only way to defeat these deceptive delusions is not to dispatch tens of thousands of innocent lives across the globe and endanger even more tens of thousands of innocent lives in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but to re-examine the terror that these terms have exercised over our mental faculties ever since the traumatic events of 9/11 . What now passes as "  Taliban " and "  al Qaeda " fundamentally lack serious popular bases , mass infrastructural support or certainly any coherent ideology . In the history of the militant Islamist ideologies that we have known and examined in detail over the last 200 years , these are conceptual and political aberrations that will wither away almost as soon as they are taken off the radar of U.S. and NATO military operations and , by extension , away from the global limelight . The more you fight these delusions , the more powerful they become -- not as facts on the ground , but as figments of the military 's imagination . Obama would commit perhaps the deadliest mistake and the biggest blunder of his presidency if he were not to listen to the wise counsel of Vice President Biden , who is reportedly against this massive increase of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . In a recent interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN , President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan sought to dismantle the myth of the Taliban when he said , "  there are thousands of them who are not ideologically our enemies . There are thousands of them who do n't hate us or hate our way of life , who are not enemies to America , who are not enemies to the world , who just want to live in their own country in peace , who are frightened , are intimidated by bad behavior -- from the very beginning -- by some of the people that the coalition employed and by some of the people that the Afghan government had working on security issues . So , we have to bring those elements back to Afghanistan who are not part of al Qaeda , not part of terrorist networks , and who are accepting the Afghan Constitution and who are willing to come back . " Yet another piece of evidence about the folly of the U.S. involvement in Afghanistan came in the resignation of Matthew Hoh , a Foreign Service officer and former Marine captain who resigned in protest over the Afghan war . "  I believe that the people we are fighting there are fighting us because we are occupying them , " Hoh told CNN last week . "  Not for any ideological reasons , not because of any links to al Qaeda , not because of any fundamental hatred towards the West . The only reason they 're fighting us is because we 're occupying them . " The regional consequences of not heeding what Vice President Biden , Rahm Emanuel , Hamid Karzai and Matthew Hoh are saying , implicitly or explicitly , will be even more catastrophic . Because of the fundamental flaws of the Obama administration 's Afghan strategies so far , exacerbated by the incompetence of the Pakistani political and military apparatus , there is already a massive humanitarian crisis in the North-West Frontier Province . Any further increase of the U.S. military force in Afghanistan will Talibanize these border areas even further , and with them potentially the rest of the country . The Taliban has never been a unified or a monolithic entity , although for a short period in 2001 , it had tenuous control of Afghanistan , and even less so has this thing called "  al Qaeda . " At its essence , what is called "  Taliban " in Afghanistan is nothing more that a Pashtun tribal push for power , and as such it must be distinguished from what is called "  Taliban " in the Federally Administered Tribal Area of Pakistan , which in turn must be separated from the Tehreek-e Nafaz-e Shariat-e Mohammadi in Swat , and all of those from the band of militant adventurists gathered around Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , self-delusional to the point of calling themselves "  al Qaeda "  "  The Base "  . The atrocities of 9/11 were the work of a criminal band of militant adventurers , on par with the network of support that someone like Timothy McVeigh could muster , and certainly not on a scale that could warrant the cross-continental mobilization of a superpower and its allies . The time for conventional military operations , as the Israelis ought to have learned from Hamas and Hezbollah , is long since over . You can not fight and will not win a conventional war halfway around the globe against an amorphous enemy you can scarce clearly identify -- let alone pinpoint and attack , or target and eliminate . The U.S. Army and its allies are fighting a phantom war in Afghanistan , with massive civilian casualties and increasingly ineffective combat strategies . Obama should not yield to the pressure of the British and the hawks in Washington , D.C. , and increase the size of the U.S. military . He and his civilian advisers are very wise to take time to examine this critical condition and not fall into the same trap that Bush did . Instead of increasing the size of the U.S. Army in Afghanistan , there must be a phasing out of the 100,000-plus U.S. and NATO forces that are already in Afghanistan and a corresponding phasing in of massive economic aid to rebuild a country the U.S. and its European allies  the British in particular  , and before them the Soviets , are chiefly responsible for ruining . The Taliban and al Qaeda will dissipate like a shadowy shade of a nightmare when the might of the U.S. military stops actually creating what it wants to destroy , and once the limelight of world media is no longer cast upon the Afghan mountains . The Nobel Peace Prize to Obama could not have been timelier as a way to remind him why he was elected to the White House in the first place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	It would be fatal mistake to boost troop levels in Afghanistan , Hamid Dabashi says He says the more you fight the Taliban , the more formidable they appear He says that in reality , the Taliban is an amorphous entity that will melt away Dabashi says U.S. should invest in development of Afghanistan , not troops
CNN  -- Google unveiled a groundbreaking new Chromebook laptop Thursday -- one with touchscreen capability , powerful chipset and an extremely high-resolution display . The Chromebook Pixel , available for order on the Google Play store and shipping in April , features a 12.85-inch touch-sensitive Gorilla Glass screen . The resolution is 4.3 million pixels , which works out to 239 pixels per inch .  The average Windows laptop has about half that ; technically , it also beats the Macbook Retina . The Pixel will come in two versions , both boasting an Intel Core i5 processor . The basic model is Wi-Fi only ; a more expensive model has the ability to connect to Verizon 's superfast LTE network . Google claims a battery life of five hours on the device , which has QuickOffice built into the browser and an SD card slot for automatic photo uploads to Google + . Those features can also be used offline  uploads queued for later , of course  . The price , however , is relatively steep : $ 1,299 for the Wi-Fi only version , $ 1,449 for the LTE model . Google was careful to emphasize that the Pixel is n't for everyone . "  This is for power users who live in the cloud , " Senior Vice President of Chrome Sundar Pichai repeatedly told a select group of journalists at a low-key launch event in San Francisco . Having a touchscreen does n't mean that Google plans to integrate its mobile OS , Android , into the device . But Pichai hoped web developers would start making their interfaces touch-sensitive -- so that content on the device would be indistinguishable from Android . "  Touch is here to stay , and I 'm pretty sure every laptop will have touch in the future , " Pichai said . "  Using a laptop with touch seems strange at first , but your day-to-day browser experience starts changing . In our tests , users started replacing the touchpad pretty quickly . " The aluminum-coated Pixel was designed and built by Google , with help from other unnamed PC manufacturers . Plenty of thought appears to have gone into the design : For example , there 's an extra laser microphone under the keyboard , complementing the two mics next to the camera , allowing the software to cancel out any noise you might make while typing on a video conference . "  Our goal was to have the hardware disappear , " Pichai added . Did Google achieve its goal ? We 've got our hands on a Pixel Chromebook and will post a hands on soon . In the meantime , let us know in the comments -- would you consider a Chromebook Pixel ? © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google 's Chromebook Pixel is a laptop with a touchscreen Announced Thursday , the Pixel has screen resolution double most Windows laptops It hosts a powerful Intel Core i processor and claims 5-hour battery life Price is somewhat hefty : $ 1,299 for Wi-Fi only and $ 1,449 for 4G
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . If you 've rolled up your sleeves and gotten experience , tell potential employers when applying for a job . Talk to a dozen students on any college campus and you 're likely to hear a dozen different perspectives on what they hope to get out of college . Some want high GPAs ; some want to get into the work force and earn a lot of money . Ask their parents and you 'll get just as many different answers . Some parents hope that their children earn their degree and have an easy time finding a job . Others want them to be at the top of the class so they can get into the best graduate school possible . And some just want their children to stop partying long enough to attend class once in a while . Ask employers what they want from graduates and the answers are equally diverse . Depending on the job , you might need a degree and an internship , a degree and work experience , or the right connections to even land an interview . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , nearly 39 million Americans over the age of 18 have a bachelor 's degree . Considering that 281 million people live in the country , college graduates are still a small percentage of the population . Still , with a number in the millions , you are competing with a lot of job seekers who also have the same educational background as you . Relying only on your bachelor 's to land a job is not the safest route to employment . As with most things , it 's all in the presentation . Degree or not , presentation matters Sue Chehrenegar studied biology as an undergraduate and biomedical research as a graduate student . During her job search , she found herself losing out on job opportunities because she lacked the proper experience , despite her education . Or so she thought . "  At the end of the 1980s , I spent more than one year looking for a job , " she remembers . "  I kept getting this question : ` Have you done anything in the area of molecular biology ? ' " She would tell employers that she did n't have the proper experience because she was n't specifically trained for that . "  I did not mention the fact that I once assisted a graduate student who was putting DNA and RNA into cultured cells . " What does that mean in layman 's terms ? Because her specialization and the bulk of her experience was not in this particular field , she did n't consider the limited work with the graduate student worth mentioning . She later realized employers were n't looking for someone to be the ultimate authority on the subject ; they wanted someone who had a broad range of knowledge . "  I realized my mistake more than two years after I got a job , " Chehrenegar remembers . "  My first year I worked in an infectious disease lab . Later , they put me in a molecular biology lab . When I helped with one of the projects in that lab , I realized that my old , unmentioned experience related to what I was doing at that time . " A degree is n't useless Sure , if you 're applying for a job with bio - as a prefix , you know a degree is a requirement . But for less research-intensive jobs , you might think a degree can always be supplanted by enough experience . Depending on your occupation , that could be true but is n't a hard and fast rule for all positions . For example , you might be able to find work at a museum , but you the odds of you transitioning into a curator can be extremely difficult without extensive education in art history and related courses . You could find that you hit a ceiling in an organization . Although this bodes well for graduates who come armed with one or more degrees , it also means that workers in this industry have the opportunity to earn an education while they ascend the corporate ladder . In some cases , the combination of their experience and a recently awarded degree could be more impressive if you 've relied on your degree and have n't diversified your experience . How to present yourself Here are some tips to keep in mind when presenting yourself to employers : • Even though you know education is n't the single factor in getting hired , it is often a prerequisite to land an interview . Do n't hide your degree just because you have a lot of experience -- you do n't want to lose out on an interview because your education was overlooked . • Use all of your education to your advantage . Connect the job requirements to any courses you took , whether as an elective or part of your minor . You might not have loved that statistics course , but if it 's relevant to the job , mention it . • Treat work experience and internships as proof that you 're a professional , not just a student . If you speak as if you see yourself as a student who does n't consider himself or herself as part of the working world , the employer might not either . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Presentation of your experience can be just as important as your degree Some 39 million Americans have a bachelor 's degree Present any of your internships or work experience that employer may appreciate
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Rain pounded water-logged Los Angeles on Thursday , and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said more than 300 city residents were ordered to evacuate because of the threat of mudslides . "  We continue to urge the public who live in these areas to evacuate , to heed the warnings of our police officers and firefighters , our first responders , who are there to protect your public safety , " the mayor said . Just over 500 Los Angeles County residents who were advised to flee their homes earlier had done so by Thursday morning , said Capt. Sam Padilla of the Los Angeles County Fire Department . The latest storm is part of a series that began Monday , drenching communities up and down the coast . Some areas have received more than 12 inches of rain this week , the National Weather Service reported . Flash flood watches were in effect Thursday night for Southern California , as well as central Arizona and southern Utah . "  While the worst of the last few storms is behind us , there still is a significant threat from thundershowers that are forming off the coast , " Villaraigosa said at a news conference Thursday night , warning of the potential for lightning , hail and water spouts . Los Angeles had four swift-water rescue and two urban search-and-rescue teams on standby to deal with potential flooding , according to the mayor , who said more were available if needed . There were three swift-water rescues Wednesday , according to Padilla . No relief from the wet weather is expected until the weekend , increasing the threat of mudslides in communities nestled below hills that were stripped of trees and vegetation during 2009 wildfires . Villaraigosa said the brunt of the storm was supposed to hit by 6 p.m. Rainfall totals of 1 to 4 inches are expected across coastal sections of California with isolated additional rainfall amounts of 7 inches possible , forecasters said . Are you affected by the storms ? Send your images and video The rains are the result of El Niño , a warm ocean current from the South Pacific , according to CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . In coastal Pacifica , south of San Francisco , a huge mudslide left an apartment building teetering on the edge of a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean , CNN 's Dan Simon reported . He said the four apartments in the building were evacuated , and quoted an engineer saying the building could topple into the water at any time . TV crews could be near the structure only briefly . One man complained about being told to leave his Southern California home . "  You 're talking about blocking us out of here for five days , evacuating until next week , " he said to CNN affiliate KABC-TV in Los Angeles . "  You know what , that 's too many days , that 's a huge inconvenience . I understand they 're looking out for our safety ... but I 'm not out driving around . I 'm staying put . " See KABC 's coverage of the storms Villaraigosa said Thursday that U.S. geologists , sanitation workers and street maintenance workers will head into threatened regions Friday morning to determine whether it is safe for residents to return to their homes . In the mountains of Southern California , the storms brought heavy snow , closing Interstate 15 at Cajon Pass and the Grapevine section of Interstate 5 for a time , the California Highway Patrol reported Thursday . Heavy snowfall remains in the forecast for the higher elevations in the Sierra Nevada , southeastern Utah , southwestern Colorado and southeastern Arizona . More than 73 inches of snow has fallen in Chagoopa Plateau , California , since Sunday and more than 35 inches in parts of Arizona . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Just over 500 Los Angeles County residents also were evacuated Mudslides a serious threat to areas near hills stripped of vegetation by wildfires Snow closes roads in mountain areas of Southern California
CNN  -- The steady hum of sewing machines fills the air inside a large glovemaking factory on the outskirts of Addis Ababa , the bustling Ethiopian capital . Patches of leather move through an array of working stations as busy laborers work feverishly to meet the company 's export quota : 5,000 gloves a day . The operation belongs to Pittards , a UK-based company whose trading partnership with Ethiopia dates back to the early 1900s . Here , hardy , durable cow hide is made into work gloves . These are ideal for builders and gardeners , and are mainly exported to the U.S. And then there are the stylish designs -- created from a different type of animal skin , these are made to keep fingers warm in Tokyo , Paris and Rome . "  The fashion glove is made of sheep skin which is unique to Ethiopia , " explains Tsedenia Mekbib , general manager at Pittards Products Manufacturing . "  The durability , the stretch ability and the strength makes it popular for gloving leather specifically . That has been the one strength of Ethiopia and the leather sector . " Sophisticated designs with decorative touches may be the hallmark of this type of glove , but they must also be practical . Ethiopia 's climate makes this animal skin effective at withstanding the winter chill -- an essential selling point . And this effective material is in abundant supply . Ethiopia 's 90-million cattle , sheep and goat population is one of the world 's largest , according to the United Nations Industrial Development Organization . Creative process What slips onto the customer 's hand may be elegant , but the process to create the glove certainly is not . It all starts in the tannery where workers -- dressed in aprons and thick , elbow-high protective gloves -- convert the raw animal hides and skins into finished leather through a number of processes . Some of the steps include soaking the skin and fleshing it to remove any unwanted parts . A retanning process where the leather is colored is followed by a stage under a special vacuum dryer where the skin is dried and then stretched to increase its surface area . Once all this has happened , another machine softens the leather to make it flexible -- an important feature of gloves . The end product , ready for export , is pure sheep skin prepared to be turned into gloves -- labeled with the thickness and the area it covers . Export ban In a move to encourage value addition and increase revenues generated by the leather sector , the Ethiopian government banned all exports of raw hides and skins in 1989 . Between 2006 and 2012 , the total value of Ethiopia 's exports of leather and leather products grew from $ 66 million to $ 112 million . And it 's not just Pittards that have realized the opportunity to make gloves in Ethiopia . According to the Leather Industry Development Institute , two other factories in the country are focused on creating the hand garments . Shoes is another major area which uses Ethiopian leather . The country is home to dozens of shoemaking companies , including local names such as Oliberte and international players like the Huajian Group , a Chinese company that has been exporting some 20,000 pairs of shoes a month since it launched its manufacturing facility outside Addis Ababa in 2012 . Business conditions Despite a major focus to rapidly build its energy and transport infrastructure , Ethiopia is still struggling to provide the best conditions for businesses setting up shop in the country . "  The challenges that we encountered when we started business are from power cuts to logistics to foreign currency availability , to lead time in having available raw materials , " explains Mekbib . "  Having the solutions to these challenges would allow us to be competitive as a country and as a company as a whole . " Beyond these issues , international manufactures also struggle to recruit workers . Ethiopia 's population is growing at a rate of 2.89 % , placing it among the top 15 fastest growing populations in the world , according to the CIA Factbook . But a large workforce and a skilled work force is not the same thing . In fact , Mekbib says "  bridging the gap between the rest of the world and the skills set in Ethiopia on the ground has been the greatest challenge so far . " Another growth area , is the number of Ethiopians entering the middle class and showing a desire to buy high quality clothes . In a report published this month , the IMF said the country is on track to achieve its goal of reaching middle income status by 2025 . The trend is so clear to Pittards that they are now targeting consumers inside the country . But for Ethiopians , it 's not just the top quality of the leather products that makes them take out their wallets , it 's also access to a label they can call their own : made in Ethiopia . Read this : Could Africa be world 's next manufacturing hub ? Read this : Producing quality footwear in Africa More from Marketplace Africa	Sheep skin from Ethiopia is particularly useful in making gloves Ethiopia 's 90-million cattle , sheep and goat population is one of the world 's largest Foreign firms are establishing factories in Ethiopia to take advantage of the national resources
Clint Dempsey may have scored the go-ahead goal for the United States in what would ultimately be a gut-wrenching tie with Portugal in Sunday 's World Cup game . But on social media , Portuguese star Cristiano Ronaldo was three times as popular as the American striker . Ronaldo , considered the best soccer player in the world by some , was mentioned on Twitter 1.5 million times during the United States-Portugal match , compared to 465,000 mentions for Dempsey . Of course , the word "  popular " is probably relative to most Americans , after Ronaldo lobbed a perfect crossing pass to help create the last-minute goal that prevented the U.S. from advancing to the Cup 's next round , at least for now . "  I feel like someone  @Cristiano  just punched me and my babies in the gut ! " New York Jets placekicker Nick Folk wrote . "  What a match . 30 seconds away from advancing ! Still , we control our own destiny ... #IBelieve , " tweeted pop star Justin Timberlake . Sunday 's match was a high point in a World Cup that 's already shattering social-media records . Facebook says 10 million people had 20 million interactions during the U.S.-Portugal match . According to Twitter Data , there were 8 million tweets about the match while it was happening . By itself , that 's no match for the 24.9 million tweets during this year 's Super Bowl  including pregame , halftime and postgame  . But , taken as a whole , the World Cup , bolstered by its massive international appeal and growing popularity in the U.S. , is becoming the biggest social-media event in the medium 's short history . The Cup 's opening match , between host country Brazil and Croatia , spurred 12.2 million tweets alone -- possibly not surprising when you consider that soccer-crazy Brazil has the fifth-most Twitter users in the world , behind the United States , United Kingdom , Canada and Australia . The tournament 's first week , June 12 to 18 , spurred 459 million posts , likes and comments on Facebook , according to the company . Compare that to 185 million interactions about the Super Bowl , 120 million for the Sochi Winter Olympics and 25.4 million for the Academy Awards in March , and you realize the World Cup inspired more activity than the other three combined . "  Sporting events always drive a massive amount of conversation on Facebook , but what we 've seen so far during the World Cup has been extraordinary , " a Facebook spokesman said in an e-mail . "  Facebook and the World Cup are both fundamentally global , and we knew that Facebook would become a global , mobile stadium where people connect and engage during the tournament . It turned out to be a unique moment for us , and one that has seen the highest level of conversation for any event Facebook has ever measured . " Both Facebook and Twitter saw the deluge of soccer-related activity coming and launched tools to encourage it . In addition to letting users choose their favorite nation 's flag as their avatar , Twitter has created a dedicated #WorldCup feed featuring tweets from selected clubs , media outlets , players and even FIFA , the international soccer governing body . It has also added "  hashflags . " When a user tweets the hashtag for a World Cup team -- #USA or #MEX , for example -- the nation 's flag will appear as an image beside it . Faceook has created a similar one-stop home for the tournament , Trending World Cup . In addition to top posts , your friends ' updates about the World Cup also will appear in the feed .	Sunday 's U.S.-Portugal World Cup match inspired big social media activity There were 8 million tweets , 20 million Facebook actions about the match Facebook : World Cup has "  highest level of conversation " ever measured Ronaldo mentioned 1.5 million times on Twitter during U.S. match
CNN  "  The Daily Show " is getting a new host . On Monday , the show announced that comedian Trevor Noah will take over for Jon Stewart , who announced in February that he was leaving after 16 years . Stewart himself succeeded Craig Kilborn and saw the news program 's popularity skyrocket . Jon Stewart to sign off ` Daily Show ' "  You do n't believe it for the first few hours , " Noah told the New York Times from Dubai , where he 's on tour . "  You need a stiff drink , and then unfortunately you 're in a place where you ca n't really get alcohol . " Noah , 31 , who is South African and biracial , debuted on "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart " in December . TV too diverse ? Why it 's only a start Stewart approves of his replacement . "  I 'm thrilled for the show and for Trevor , " Stewart said in a statement . "  He 's a tremendous comic and talent that we 've loved working with . " Under Stewart , the Comedy Central show has become extremely popular , with its satirical view of the news and current events . Noah has made three appearances on the show . How Jon Stewart changed politics The nightly show has been good to its contributors . It spun off "  The Colbert Report " with Stephen Colbert , and former correspondents Larry Wilmore and John Oliver went on to host "  The Nightly Show " and "  Last Week Tonight , " respectively . "  Daily Show " correspondent Samantha Bee is reportedly heading to TBS to helm her own show . Fellow comic Chris Rock had one of the funniest reactions on Twitter . Noah tweeted that "  No one can replace Jon Stewart , " but he seems excited to take on the role .	Trevor Noah made his first appearance on the hit show in December Stewart approves of the South African comedian as his replacement
CNN  -- Federal authorities arrested a man suspected of taking part in a plot to abduct a prosecutor 's father on behalf of a prisoner serving a life sentence in North Carolina , the FBI said Monday . The FBI 's Philadelphia bureau took Jakym Tibbs , 21 , into custody early Monday at a residence in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , FBI spokeswoman Shelley Lynch said . He was expected to appear in federal court in Harrisburg later in the day , Lynch said . The FBI had offered a $ 25,000 reward for Tibbs and Quantavious Thompson , 18 . Thompson was arrested last Wednesday and is scheduled to be in court later this week . "  It is too soon to determine whether the reward offered played a role in his capture . The investigation into the kidnapping of Frank Janssen from his home in Wake Forest , North Carolina , is ongoing , " Lynch said in a statement . Tibbs ' apprehension marks the seventh arrest in the April 5 abduction of Janssen . He was rescued by police five days later at an apartment in Atlanta . The kidnappers sent demands to Janssen 's family "  for the benefit " of Kelvin Melton , an inmate at Polk Correctional Institution in Butner , North Carolina , according to an affidavit in support of a search warrant related to criminal complaints against the defendants . Janssen 's daughter , Colleen Janssen , is an assistant district attorney in Wake County and had prosecuted Melton , officials said . Melton is serving a life sentence without parole . Authorities said they traced a call to Melton 's prison cell , from where he allegedly communicated with the kidnappers . The FBI said the group planned to kill Janssen and bury him at the apartment complex , which is near the federal penitentiary in Atlanta , according to CNN affiliate WXIA . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Vivian Kuo and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	FBI : 2nd man arrested after $ 25,000 reward issued in two-state kidnapping plot Jakym Tibbs taken into custody at a residence in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , FBI says Tibbs ' marks 7th arrest in connection with April 5 kidnapping of Frank Janssen Janssen 's daughter prosecuted man who concocted plot from prison , authorities say
CNN  Finding "  the one " is a centuries-old quest ; but neither Adam nor Eve had to log in to an app to make a love connection , and Tarzan found Jane without ever having to swipe left . And though Romeo and Juliet certainly had their share of obstacles , losing a WiFi connection was never one of them . Dating in the digital era can be a rocky road , but in the forthcoming airing of "  Inside Man , " Morgan Spurlock looks to redefine the road trip . In advance of the episode , here are a few street signs every traveler ought to take note of : Before setting out on the heartbeat highway , one must lock in on the ideal travel companion . As Spurlock learns in a visit with Dr. Helen Fisher -- a world renowned love expert -- determining who you 'll ultimately end up with comes down to identifying four main lanes , each of which is linked to a specific hormone : 1  "  The Explorer , " a thrill seeker , linked to dopamine 2  "  The Builder , " a traditional calm thinker , linked to serotonin 3  "  The Director , " a competitive and analytical thinker , linked to testosterone 4  "  The Negotiator , " the compassionate idealist , linked to estrogen "  We are all made up of a unique combination of all four different styles of thinking -- but in different proportions . And this affects who is drawn to whom , " shares Spurlock . "  Dr. Fisher believes certain hormone dominant personalities compliment others . " The Internet is full of countless dating apps , but not all cars are comfortable to every driver .  If you 're looking for long-term love , steer clear of "  Tinder . "  Before choosing which app to hitch your wagon to , navigate your way to CNN 's handy "  What dating app is right for you ? " flow chart , a go-to guideline that puts you in the drivers seat to love . Far too often a given driver is guilty of not paying nearly enough attention to his or her journey , instead burying a pair of eyeballs in an iPhone while a potential partner ends up in the rearview mirror like a missed exit . Instead of texting , try talking , and actually engaging . You know , like Tarzan and Jane did . "  I teach people how to meet people . What I 'm working to do is to get people you know off their phones and engaging with people , " says Anthony Recenello , a self-described "  Social Development Coach . " While chucking the smartphone out the passenger side window is probably unrealistic , Recenello says going lo-tech can heighten ones chances of truly connecting : "  The ability to just be there present with another person is the thing that people are losing . " On a course as complicated as dating , there 's no reason to ride solo -- especially with so many experienced travelers available for assistance . As a part of Thursday 's episode , Spurlock checks in with a professional "  wingman , " several professional matchmaking services and multiple profile coaches , all of which boast an ability to keep daters on track . "  We do the work for you . We meet everyone , " explains Talia Goldstein , founder of matchmaking service "  Three Day Rule . " "  When we find a great match , then we set you up on a date . " Of course few singles are as outgoing and charismatic as Spurlock , so an online dating coach may be a better way of staying the course . In "  Money can buy you love -- or at least make you dateable , " CNN breaks down a collection of sites offering everything from assistance with profile writing to live dating advice . On a roadtrip of any length , falling asleep at the wheel is a cardinal sin ; cruising for companionship is no different . As the "  Inside Man " explores individual landmarks this week , one constant theme remains : stay awake , and keep on coming . In visiting with "  OKCupid , " one of the world 's premier dating sites , Spurlock learns of creating ones own path to a successful relationship : "  OKCupid 's philosophy is that you do n't need to wait for destiny to take its course when you could use a mathematical model instead to find your one true love . " In the same way a safe driver crunches the numbers on an odometer or fuel gauge , an OKCupid member deals with data in the form of a relatively simple algorithm : "  We let people weigh an importance . So like if you really , really care about scary movies or whatever you could max it out or if you just do n't care then you could give it a zero basically , " details Chris Rudder , one of the site 's founders . "  So the match percentage is actually really simple . There 's not like calculus or anything . " And whether it 's virtually online , through "  OKCupid , " or literally on line , like in a local watering hole , the secret to success is keeping one 's foot on the proverbial pedal . Behind the "  OKCupid " curtain , it 's revealed that increased activity on the site -- posting photos , regularly checking in -- rewards users . Meanwhile , at Spurlock 's urging , the habitually single Raja steps outside of his comfort zone and buys someone a drink at a bar . "  Well that was nice ... there is an interest that is for sure , " he reports , furthering the notion that while being overly aggressive will cause you to crash and burn , a squeaky wheel will almost certainly get oiled first . "  I had a real connection . " Alas , the road to true love has forever been a complicated one , often full of twists and turns . But with Morgan Spurlock at the wheel , the latest episode of "  Inside Man "  airing Thursday at 9 p.m.  sets out to handle dating detours and lead even the most sour of relationship lemons out of their respective rut . More on dating in the digital age	Dating in the digital era can be a rocky road , but in the forthcoming airing of "  Inside Man , " Morgan Spurlock looks to redefine the road trip
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday , including women and children , the nation 's Red Cross said . The deaths occurred in Tana River district , the latest in a series of attacks in the area . Read more : Dozens of Kenyans killed in dawn raid A day earlier , nine others died in an attack that left homes torched in a nearby village , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . Attacks and revenge raids have soared in the region in recent months . Read more : Second blast in 3 days hits Somali neighborhood in Kenya Late last month , rival tribesmen armed with arrows and machetes clashed at dawn , leaving 32 dead , the Red Cross said . In the December attack , at least 30 more were injured in the clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes in the district , the Kenya Red Cross said in a statement . Both sides have engaged in retaliatory clashes in recent months . Read more : Police : 38 Kenyan officers killed in ambush involving cattle It 's unclear what triggered the latest clashes , but the two groups have fought for years over grazing rights , land and water sources . Pokomos are largely farmers while the semi-nomadic Orma tribesmen mostly tend to livestock . The former have accused the latter of grazing cattle on land that does not belong to them . Violence between the two escalated after an August confrontation killed more than 50 people in the same region . Kenya has dispatched hundreds of officers to the area in recent months , but authorities in the east African nation have been criticized for failing to stop the carnage . Read related : Election rekindles memory of Kenyan village 's love affair with President Obama	At least 19 people killed in two days of violence The area has seen recent clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes Both sides have fought for years over grazing rights and water
CNN  The happiest place on Earth just got a bit sadder for some of its employees . Due to a recent measles outbreak , several Disneyland workers are being tested for the virus . Five employees were diagnosed with measles , and three of them have fully recovered , Disneyland says . "  The measles outbreak exposure period of December 17-20 at the Disneyland Resort is over , and all cases from this exposure should have occurred by January 10 , 2015 , " the California Department of Public Health says . "  No new cases have been identified in guests who visited after that time period . " Disneyland said it was informed of measles cases among employees on January 15 . Measles is a respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . As for symptoms , "  measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , " the CDC says . The outbreak apparently surfaced with five Disney employees who were diagnosed with measles , three who have fully recovered , Disneyland says . Disneyland said it was informed of measles cases among employees on January 15 . Previously , public health officials in California and Utah confirmed nine cases among visitors to either Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park . After Orange County health officials notified Disneyland of that on January 7 , "  We immediately began to communicate to our cast to raise awareness , " the theme park 's Chief Medical Officer Dr. Pamela Hymel said in a statement . Disneyland refers to its employees as cast members . "  In an abundance of caution , we also offered vaccinations and immunity tests . To date , a few Cast Members have tested positive and some have been medically cleared and returned to work . Cast Members who may have come in contact with those who were positive are being tested for the virus . While awaiting results , they have been put on paid leave until medically cleared . " It 's not clear how many of the theme park employees were vaccinated . So far , five children and 13 adults have been diagnosed with measles in Orange County , according to the county health agency . One school in Huntington Beach has barred children who could not prove that they were vaccinated for measles from going to school until January 29 , according to the county health agency . Those showing measles symptoms should n't be bashful about seeing their doctor , because a full body rash is likely to break out next . "  If you have symptoms , and believe you may have been exposed , please contact your health care provider , " said Dr. Ron Chapman , director of the state health department . Vaccination is key . "  Two doses of measles-containing vaccine  MMR vaccine  are more than 99 percent effective in preventing measles , " the press release said . "  Measles vaccines have been available in the United States since 1963 , and two doses have been recommended since 1989 . " Measles was considered eliminated in the United States in 2000 , though 2014 saw a record-breaking number of confirmed cases : 644 from 27 states , according to the CDC . That 's "  the highest number of cases since measles elimination was documented in the U.S. in 2000 , " the CDC says on its website . "  Travelers to areas where measles is endemic can bring measles back to the U.S. , resulting in limited domestic transmission of measles , " read a statement from the California Department of Public Health . "  Disney and other theme parks in California are international attractions and visitors come from many parts of the world , including those where measles is endemic . " 5 things to know about measles CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report	California health official urges some people to stay away from Disneyland during measles outbreak Growing number of measles cases linked to Disneyland , health official says Disney respone here
Washington  CNN  -- A representative at the Virginia mosque of five Americans arrested in Pakistan said it plans to conduct an inquiry into the circumstances that led to the arrests . The men were arrested by Pakistani police this week amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks and planned to go to Afghanistan , a development that shocked members of the ICNA Center , the mosque the five attended . At a news conference Friday , friends of the five and members of the mosque expressed their surprise over the arrests , defending the activities at the mosque as positive and describing the five as "  wholesome , regular kids . " Attorney Ashraf Nubani said he believes the incident is isolated , but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter . While members of the mosque did n't comment on the reports and charges emerging from Pakistan , they described a tight-knit , patriotic congregation that focused on community service . They were grateful for the actions of law enforcement and expressed profound empathy for the families of the people held . A Pakistani police interrogation report , dated Thursday , shined more light on the Wednesday arrests of the five Americans at a home in Sargodha , a town about 120 miles south of Islamabad . The men will be transferred to Lahore , Pakistan , for security reasons , Interior Minister Rehman Malik said Friday . A sixth man -- the father of one of the five -- was arrested afterward , police said . Read the interrogation report  PDF The report carries profile detail about the men and shows pictures of Internet sites , laptops , mobile phones , an iPod , and an external hard drive seized by police . "  They had deep interest in the religion and they were of the opinion that a jihad must be waged against the infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world , " said the report , which refers to the five as college students . The report focused on one of the suspects -- identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , a 20-year-old American born in Virginia . It said he regularly goes online to watch attacks on the U.S. military in Afghanistan and that he left comments praising the actions . That caught the attention of militants , and he was eventually contacted by a person named Saifullah , the report said . After contact had been made , a Yahoo! e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate , the report said . E-mails were never sent from the account , but people would leave messages in the draft sections of the e-mail account and delete them after reading them , the Pakistani police report said . "  This mode of communication enabled them to pass on messages without fear of interception by the FBI , " it said . The report said the suspects made a plan with Saifullah to go from Pakistan to Afghanistan . They gathered in Karachi and left for Hyderabad on December 1 . They tried to hook up with two militant groups -- Jaish-e-Mohammed and the Jamaat-ud-Dawa -- but neither group showed interest . "  They went to the madrassa -LSB- a Muslim school -RSB- of Jaish-e-Mohammad where they informed them about their desire for jihad . However , the management of the madrassa refused to keep them , and advised them to go to Jamat-ud-Dawa Lahore . Interestingly , the Jamat also refused to keep them as they could not provide a surety . Thus , they came along with their friend Umar Farooq to Sargodha , " the report said . The FBI said Pakistan authorities detained the men -- four of whom it said were found to have American passports -- on Wednesday , "  after they came to the attention of police . " An FBI statement did not give further details and did not identify the men . Officials said the six men include three Pakistani-Americans , an Ethiopian-American , an Egyptian-American and an Eritrean-American . Along with Minni , there were snapshots and brief profiles of only four others -- Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan , and Ramy Zamzam -- all from the Washington area . The sixth man was Khalid Farouk , father of Umar , the report said . Mustafa Abu Maryam , a volunteer youth coordinator , said he never saw "  extreme behavior " from the suspects , noting that youth group discussions never broached on politics or conflict . "  Our main focus is to be a positive force of good in our young men 's lives . To be a deterrent of wrong groups and gangs and all other negative influences out there , to be a positive model for these kids , " Abu Maryam said . Mahdi Bray , executive director of the Muslim American Society Freedom Foundation , said the incident is a "  wake-up call " to the many negative influences youth face and touched on what he said were harmful messages sweeping across cyberspace . "  We are determined not to let religious extremists exploit the vulnerability of the emotions of our children through slick , seductive and destructive propaganda on the Internet . We are sending a message loud and clear that those days are over where we will not respond in kind on the Internet to vile propaganda that misrepresents the Islamic faith , " Bray said . Subira Farouk , the wife of Khalid and mother of Umar , said on Thursday that she and her husband had traveled to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for Umar , and to her surprise , her son had arrived in the country shortly afterward .	Members of the mosque describe five students as "  wholesome , regular kids . " Americans arrested in Pakistan planned to go to Afghanistan , interrogation report says Pakistani officials : 5 arrested Wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later Pakistani police say men were planning terrorist acts , official says
CNN  -- North Korea has agreed to hold talks Friday with the U.S.-led U.N. Command on the peninsula over the sinking of a South Korean warship . It will be the second meeting between the two parties since the March attack on the Cheonan , which killed 46 South Korean sailors . An international investigation blamed North Korea for the sinking , an assertion the North has denied . Officers from both sides will meet in Panmunjom in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea . The talks are designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions on the disputed naval incident . The demilitarized zone was created as part of the armistice signed between North and South Korea in 1953 that halted fighting in the Korean War , but the war has never officially ended . The United Nations and North Korea began occasional meetings between generals -- "  general officer talks " -- at Panmunjom in 1998 in an effort to lessen tensions . There have been 17 such meetings so far . Earlier this month , the United Nations formally condemned the sinking of the Cheonan but did not specifically name North Korea . "  The Security Council deplores the attack , " the 15-member council said in what is known as a presidential statement . It urged that "  appropriate and peaceful measures be taken against those responsible for the incident aimed at the peaceful settlement of the issue . " It also called for full adherence to the 1953 armistice agreement . About 8,000 military personnel from the United States and South Korea are to participate in joint military exercises dubbed "  Invincible Spirit " from July 25-28 , Combined Alliance Joint Naval and Air Exercises announced Tuesday . "  The purpose of this readiness exercise is to highlight Alliance resolve to face any threat North Korea may pose , " it said in a news release .	NEW : Joint military exercises are to be held July 25-28 The meeting will take place in the demilitarized zone It is intended to set the stage for higher-level talks North Korea was blamed for the sinking of the warship Cheonan , but denies it
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Described as "  an extremely dangerous Category 4 hurricane , " Hurricane Bill was churning closer to the Atlantic island of Bermuda on Wednesday , forecasters said . Most forecast maps show Hurricane Bill passing to the west of Bermuda . Although Bill is not expected to make a direct hit on the island , forecasters cautioned that the storm is large and will generate large swells on Bermuda as well as the islands of the northeast Caribbean Sea over the next day or two . Swells may also affect the eastern United States on Friday and Saturday , the National Hurricane Center said . CNN meteorologists said Bill could cause cause dangerous rip tides and some coastal flooding in the northeast United States and could move very close to or make landfall in Newfoundland , Canada , early next week . In addition , Bill may strengthen further over the next couple of days , forecasters said . As of 5 p.m. ET , Bill 's center was about 335 miles northeast of the Leeward Islands and about 970 miles south-southeast of Bermuda , the hurricane center said . "  It 's a little too early to evaluate what kind of direct impact Bill may have , " said Jack Bevin , a senior hurricane specialist . "  Most of the computer guidance has the storm passing between Bermuda and the U.S. coastline , then turning northeastward . " Other models show Bill turning more sharply out to sea and not affecting any areas , he said . Bill 's maximum sustained winds were at 135 mph Wednesday afternoon . It was moving northwest at near 20 mph and was expected to continue that motion over the next day or so , turning north-northwest by late Friday . Five-day forecast maps show Bill passing to the west of Bermuda before turning to the northwest . "  Bill is a large tropical cyclone , " the National Hurricane Center said . Hurricane-force winds extended up to 85 miles from its center , with tropical storm-force winds extending up to 230 miles out . CNN Radio 's Andrew Spencer and Lee Garen contributed to this report .	Storm is not expected to make a direct hit on Bermuda But island , eastern United States could see large swells Category 4 hurricane 's maximum sustained winds are at 135 mph
Barbra Streisand 's latest No. 1 album is making history . According to Billboard , the singer 's new release , "  Partners , " has debuted at the top spot on this week 's Billboard 200 album chart . Barbra Streisand returns to late night with Jimmy Fallon "  Partners , " which was released on September 16 , is Streisand 's 10th No. 1 . But perhaps more impressively , the album 's strong debut also makes Streisand the first artist to have a No. 1 album in each of the past six decades . Her first No. 1 album , "  People , " arrived 50 years ago in October 1964 . Barbra Streisand : ` Hello Instagram ! ' Singer shows off her pretty pooch On "  Partners , " Streisand performs duets of classic tracks with some of the biggest male artists . There 's "  New York State of Mind " with Billy Joel and "  The Way We Were " with Lionel Richie . She even sings a virtual duet with Elvis Presley on "  Love Me Tender . " With 196,000 copies of "  Partners " sold , Streisand can also boast having the largest sales week for a female artist so far this year .	Barbra Streisand 's new album opened at No. 1 It 's her 10th No. 1 release It also makes Streisand the first artist to have a No. 1 in each of the past six decades
NASHVILLE , Tennessee  CNN  -- A singer took center stage at a Nashville honky-tonk to promote his new album . He had the good looks and easy charm of a movie star . Kevin Costner is putting his energies into music . His new record is "  Untold Truths . " Only in this case , he was a movie star . Kevin Costner recently celebrated the release of "  Untold Truths " -- his debut country record -- with a free show at The Stage on Broadway . He was backed by his band , Modern West , which also features guitarist John Coinman and bassist Blair Forward -- two men he met 20 years ago in an acting class . The three have been making music on and off since then , with Costner on lead vocals and rhythm guitar . Back in the day , they called themselves Roving Boy . Truth be told , the 2008 incarnation -- Kevin Costner and Modern West -- does not sound like a movie star 's vanity project . It 's contemporary Americana set against a Western backdrop . Costner sings about freight trains , dusty avenues and broken dreams in a voice that 's pleasant , if not terribly distinct . In faded jeans and a toffee-colored cashmere sweater , he commands the stage with the same understated sex appeal he has on the big screen . At 53 , Costner is the soft-spoken , heroic everyman we 've seen time and again in such movies as "  Dances With Wolves , " "  The Bodyguard " and "  Field of Dreams " -- except today he 's wielding an acoustic guitar instead of a baseball bat . The mission statement from "  Field of Dreams " seems to apply to his philosophy as a recording artist : "  If you build it , they will come . " Plenty of fans did come to his show that night , but earlier in the day , we caught up with the busy superstar during his rehearsal -- which he had opened up to a group of local college students in a Grammy-sponsored "  SoundCheck " session . Listen to Costner kick it with his band " CNN : Even though your album , "  Untold Truths , " is being marketed as a country album , your sound is really more rootsy than traditional country . Kevin Costner : Yeah . It 's just music . CNN : What made you decide to put out an album ? Costner : My wife said , "  Look , you are the happiest by far when you are making music . Why do n't you keep on making music ? " CNN : People may not know this , but you 've been making music for a long time . Costner : Yeah , for a long time . I have been doing a lot of things for a long time .  chuckles  It 's not like we called up and said , "  Hey , we have a garage band . Can we show up ? " We have been working really hard at this for three years . All of it has been under the radar just because we have not felt like publicizing it . It has kind of happened in the way we wanted it to -- which was more of a grassroots situation , people discovering the band . CNN : When you were talking to the students , you spoke a lot about being fearless . Costner : Their choices are going to be questioned not only by their colleagues , but by their parents . You only get one shot at this life . They can go to college and learn a lot of things , but they should also be encouraged to try things , even if they do n't succeed . I am trying -- even if I do n't succeed . You know , failure is completely underrated in America .  smiles CNN : With this new project , there 's the possibility of having your head handed to you on a platter . Costner : Well , that will happen no matter what I do -- so I 'm not worried about that . I have to get over my own bar on what I think is acceptable . CNN : And what is that ? Costner : I do n't know . It 's just a moment when you feel you 've given an honest effort . CNN : You have trouble stuffing everything you want into a three-hour movie , let alone condensing things into a three-minute song . How do you -- Costner : I do n't have that hard a time ! CNN : Oh , come on ! Costner : I make jokes about it a lot . You know , I make one-hour , 59-minute movies ! But yeah -- telling the story , I do n't believe in some conditional running length . I just believe in telling the story -- musicially or cinematically . CNN : You met John -- one of your guitar players -- in an acting class 20 years ago . Costner : Yeah , a long time ago . Blair  his bass player  , the same . Like anybody with good sense , you keep people who have been really true and honest with you around you . CNN : Which is more cutthroat , the movie business or the music business ? Costner : There is cutthroat stuff in everything -- these corporations going under , and people ducking for exits , pointing fingers . You know , it is a cycle of life . Then someone else will take that spot , some heavy hitter . Maybe it is good to take a lesson . You have to be a little humble because maybe one day , you are not that big , swinging dog you think you are . CNN : Do you ever feel like that in your own career ? Costner : Well , I am aware that a career that takes chances is n't always going to ring a bell . It is not the greatest risk in the world to not be the most popular person , or the number one person , because that is a pretty fleeting thing to begin with . CNN : Do you read reviews ? Costner : No . Sometimes they are read to me . "  Look what he said ! " I am like , "  Please do n't show me . " CNN : Are you planning to make more albums ? Costner : I will be making more music . We 'll see where it lands . We made a record . We made it as good as we could make it , and now we let it go . And we go and write a better song . CNN : In the meantime , you have a show to put on . Costner : There is a moment for two hours when you are really burning , and that is a great feeling . Some people like to jog because that somehow does something for them . When you perform , for me , it 's like filling up the gas tank .	Kevin Costner has band , Modern West ; new album just out Costner has actually played music for years , band happened organically Costner not bothered by reviews , tries to do things because he loves them
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho , the only coach to win European football 's top three leagues , has told CNN in an exclusive interview that his remarkable track record of success and very public profile has had a devastating impact on his personal life . After winning league titles with Chelsea , Inter , Real as well as Porto in his homeland , Mourinho says it has got to the stage where even his 12-year-old son is taunted when he plays a football match . "  I hate my social life , " Mourinho told CNN . "  I hate not to be a normal father who goes with his son to the son 's football match and being there with the other 20 fathers there watching the game . "  I 'm at a football match of kids and I have to be there . The people have to come for photos ; the people have to come for autographs ; the people have to come to insult me ; the people have to go behind the goal of my kid and insult my kid of 12 . " As well as his uncanny ability to guide teams to trophy after trophy , Mourinho 's very public profile has also been accompanied by an ability to attract headlines -- sometimes unwanted -- where his media conference theatrics have journalists drooling over his every utterance . At times the Portuguese coach , who is courted by numerous sponsors , has also tarnished his reputation -- no more so than in last season 's altercation with the now Barcelona manager Tito Vilanova , when Mourinho poked his opponent in the eye . "  I think it 's quite normal because people think they know me , but they do n't , " added Mourinho , who is bidding to become the first coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs following his triumphs with Porto in 2004 and Inter Milan in 2010 . "  People know the manager , especially the manager during 90 minutes . And during 90 minutes , I 'm not there to have fun . "  Fun is a consequence . I 'm there to do my job , I 'm there to win . I 'm there with my team to try to win . I 'm there and I live the game , I live the match as if it was the last match of my career . "  So people look at me and they see what they see . After that , in press conferences , it 's the other place where people know me . "  In press conferences , there is still a match to play . Before the match , press conference is pre-match and after the match , press conference is post-match , but it 's a match . " But Mourinho insisted he was a very different person one from the portrayed by the media . "  People do n't know me as a friend , as a family man , as a manager inside of my group , the relationship I have with the people that work in the club . "  So I do n't complain and say people are wrong , people are looking at me with the wrong eye . No , these people see what they see . " And despite the cost to his personal life , Mourinho insisted he wanted to be a coach for at least another two decades . "  So , you know , I would love to be with my family in the street as a normal person and I ca n't , so I am a completely different person in my private life , " added Mourinho , who will turn 50 in January . "  I keep to myself , I keep to the people that are close to me and one day when my career finishes , I hope that I will still have a few years to be a normal person because I want to finish my career at 70 or 75 . " After guiding Porto to the European Cup in 2004 , Mourinho moved to England and managed Chelsea , who won two English Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 under the Portuguese coach and he has often spoken of his desire to return to England . There has plenty of speculation he will replace Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United as the 70-year-old Scotsman approaches the twilight of his managerial career . The two men enjoy a close relationship away from football -- they both share a love of fine wine -- with Mourinho affectionately referring to the United manager as ` The Boss ' . "  I call him the boss because he 's the boss of the coaches and I hope that when I go back to English football he still manages Manchester United . "  I do n't think about that , especially as I have a four-year contract with Real , I sign it and when I sign it , I sign it because I wanted to be in Real Madrid at this period of my career and I do n't think in another club . "  I just say openly that for many reasons that after Real Madrid , Inter , Italy , Spain , Chelsea , England , Porto , Portugal , that after this project , the next step will be England for many reasons but when I do n't know . "  I do n't have an idea and I am so happy to be in this moment as manager of the best club in the world . " Mourinho retains a home in London and was keen to emphasize he is still on friendly terms with Chelsea 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich , revealing that the Russian had played a key role in recently allowing Blues midfielder Michael Essien to make a loan move to Madrid before the end of the August transfer window . "  We are in touch a lot , and the last example is Michael Essien was going to another club and when I did  gestures to telephone call  ` please leave it to your friend ' he left to his friend , " said the Real coach . "  We have a great relationship in fact . "	Jose Mourinho 's son taunted while playing football Portuguese coach wants to live a ` normal ' life Will return to England at end of his spell in Madrid Wants to keep working until 70 or 75 like Sir Alex Ferguson
CNN  -- Syria 's opposition says the once-bustling commercial capital of Aleppo might soon fall victim to a crushing siege if government troop advances continue unabated . Fears of encirclement rose after the Syrian army , backed by pro-government militias , wrested control of the Sheikh Najjar neighborhood and the nearby village of Kafr Saghir , a strategic industrial area at the northeastern entrance to Aleppo city . Government troops also advanced toward central Aleppo from the western suburbs , most of which it controls , including the Hamdaniya district along the key Damascus-Aleppo Highway . Rebels called the defeats a strategic withdrawal and announced the formation of a 600-strong elite force to combat the escalating offensive , the opposition-run Aleppo Media Center reported . The Syrian military is focused on capturing the Handaraat settlement , which links the opposition-controlled neighborhoods of Aleppo city with the Turkish border . If successful , the Syrian government will be in a position to besiege an estimated 300,000 civilians and isolate fighters from a vital supply line , the Aleppo Provincial Council tells CNN . "  The rebels are fortifying themselves on the edge of the city " Mohammed Wisam , a spokesman for the Aleppo Media Center told CNN , "  but residents fear a siege . " Fighters from the National Defense Forces , a Syrian paramilitary group , and the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah arrived in Aleppo ahead of what activists believe will be a full-scale assault on Handaraat . "  This will be the route to death , " Abdul Rahman Dadam , head of Aleppo 's Provincial Council , tells CNN , "  The humanitarian crisis will be huge , and the civilians will pay the price . " The United States accuses Syria of a "  kneel or starve " tactic on areas that turned against the government of President Bashar al-Assad during the country 's more than three-year uprising turned civil war . A nearly two-year encirclement of the Old District of Homs drew widespread international condemnation earlier this year when activists reported hungry families were forced to pick grass for food , and in the still besieged Damascus suburbs , dozens have died because of a lack of basic medical supplies and food , doctors inside Syria told CNN earlier this year . Radical threat to the west An altogether different threat faces rebels in the western Aleppo countryside , where the ultraradical Islamic State of Iraq and Syria controls three main cities , including a key position in Jarabalus along the Turkish border . The group recently launched an offensive on much of the Kurdish eastern countryside of Aleppo after announcing the creation of a so-called "  Islamic State " stretching from central Syria to Falluja , Iraq , with the head of the group Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as the self-styled Caliph . Militants captured three Kurdish villages in Aleppo province near the ethnic minority 's stronghold of Ayn al-Arab this week , according to the London-based monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The People 's Protection Unit , a Kurdish militia , evacuated about 2,000 civilians from the area and clashed with ISIS on Tuesday in an attempt to recapture the villages . At least three elderly civilians who refused to leave their homes were captured and executed by ISIS , the observatory and Kurdish activists reported . "  The whole area has been turned into a battle ground , but the people have no choice . They must stay strong , and we must defend ourselves , " Omar Alloush , the head of external relations in the local branch of the Democratic Union Party , which administers Ayn al-Arab , told CNN . After ISIS captured tanks and American Humvees in a sweeping campaign on the Sunni heartland of Iraq , the group intensified its march on Kurdish and rebel-held parts of Aleppo province in Syria , multiple activists tell CNN . "  We do not want anything from ISIS ; we just want them to not come into our areas and impose their rule . We do not want their caliphate , " Alloush said . The intensification of fighting stalled talks for the release of more than a 120 Kurdish students kidnapped in May by ISIS and forced to take daily classes in ultraradical Islamic theology . The families of the abducted ninth grades say their children are being brainwashed and have appealed to the international community for help . "  I still have hope the children will be released . We remain steadfast , and we ask ISIS to call a cease-fire for just 24 hours so we can find a way to return the students to their families , " Alloush said . Who is the ISIS ? Constant aerial bombardment For civilians , the skies are the third and arguably the most threatening front in the battle for Aleppo . "  Fear God ! " an elderly women yells on a social media post after her neighborhood of Tariq al Bab was barrel-bombed by government warplanes , "  They have destroyed our homes and killed our children . " The Syrian army appears to have escalated the use of barrel bombs , crudely constructed weapons packed with explosives and dropped indiscriminately , on Aleppo since the launch of the ground offensive last week , activists tell CNN . "  Where in the world is it OK to drop hundreds of kilos of explosives from thousands of meters in the sky on a densely populated civilian area ? " Dadam tells CNN . "  The international community must stop the killing . " Syria 's protracted civil war has claimed the lives of at least 140,000 people , including hundreds killed by barrel bombs , human rights groups report . Thousands more fled what the opposition dubs the "  barrels of death " to join the more 2.9 million refugees struggling to survive in neighboring countries . "  The regime is fighting us with rockets and bombs from the sky and ISIS is firing mortar and tank shells on the ground . How can the revolution stand up to all this ? Dadam tells CNN . "  This is why we need the international community to intervene . To stop the bloodshed . " How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda Pentagon considers how to target ISIS leader in drone strike	With help from militias , Syrian government has retaken strategic roads and villages To make matters worse for rebels , ISIS bombards them to their west Another factor : Deadly barrel bombs dropped from the sky "  The international community must stop the killing , " Aleppo council leader pleads
CNN  -- Following the World Health Organization 's announcement that radio frequency emissions from cell phones may increase the risk of some kinds of brain cancer , what do you need to know about the radiation coming from your phone ? How can you protect yourself ? And should RF emission information be listed on cell phone packaging , and in stores ? First things first : The WHO study did not say "  cell phones cause brain cancer . " Rather , there is some evidence indicating a possible connection -- and while not conclusive , it warrants further study . Consequently , WHO has now categorized radio frequency electromagnetic fields as a "  group 2B " possible human carcinogen . Here 's how Ed Yong , head of health information at Cancer Research UK , explained it in his detailed analysis of the WHO announcement : "  Group 2B means that there is some evidence for a risk but it 's not that convincing . This group ends up being a bit of a catch-all category , and includes everything from carpentry to chloroform . " Dr. Gupta : Cell phones , brain tumors So it 's worth being aware of this classification -- just as you should be mindful of your intake of coffee , another group 2B carcinogen . But this announcement is not a reason to panic . Would labels help ? San Francisco has been wrestling with whether to require cell phones to be labeled for their RF emissions . Last year , the city tried to mandate cell phone radiation labeling in stores , originally to take effect February 2011 . But according to the San Francisco Chronicle , "  implementation was delayed until May 1 , then June 15 . There now is no proposed start date . " The city backtracked on this partly out of concern over a lawsuit filed by the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association -- but also because officials did n't know how to ensure the accuracy of the labels . Scientists are n't sure what 's the most realistic , intuitive way to communicate cell phone RF emissions to consumers . Specific absorption rate , a measure of the rate of RF energy that your body absorbs from the phone , is the most commonly cited benchmark . For a phone to be certified by the FCC and sold in the U.S. , for example , its maximum SAR level must be less than 1.6 watts per kilogram . But Joel Moskowitz , director of the Center for Family and Community Health at University of California , Berkeley , told the Chronicle that "  specific absorption rate is n't a very useful measure because it 's the peak reading on a variety of tests conducted on cell phones to measure their radiation , but does n't indicate the average amount of radiation a user would generally be exposed to . " He likened it to a car 's gas mileage being reported only based on driving it up a steep hill . Such a measurement could actually make a car shopper avoid a hybrid because it does n't perform well on hills , even though it would generally consume less gas . CNET recently updated its guide to cell phone radiation levels , which ranks phones according to SAR . Cell phones and radiation : The 10 highest - and lowest-emitting models What cell phone users can do If you are concerned that cell phones might increase your cancer risk , probably the best way to put the WHO announcement to good use is to minimize how much you hold your cell phone next to your head . More tips on minimizing cell phone radiation Your best bet is to use a headset that physically plugs in to your phone , such as earbuds with a microphone attached . Unlike Bluetooth headsets , this entails no additional RF exposure near your head -- although it may take a moment to connect your headset to your phone . While the WHO examined only the possible risk of brain cancer , you can further reduce your cell phone RF exposure by placing your phone a few inches away from your body while using it -- such as in a purse or on the table . Or whenever possible , talk via your phone 's speaker function , or send a text message instead of placing a call . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	WHO classifies radio frequency electromagnetic fields as a "  group 2B " possible carcinogen Group is catch-all category , and includes everything from carpentry to chloroform Scientists are n't sure how to communicate cell phone RF emissions to consumers Specific absorption rate is the most commonly cited benchmark
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat carrying cocaine worth a minimum of $ 80 million . Prince William has helped bust a speed boat smuggling $ 80 million worth of cocaine . William , who is serving in the Royal Navy , helped make the bust last weekend when he spotted a speedboat found to be carrying nearly a ton of cocaine in the Atlantic Ocean , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said Wednesday . William , 26 , was one of the crew members aboard a helicopter attached to the frigate HMS Iron Duke who spotted the ocean-going speedboat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados , the defense ministry said The 50-foot-long power boat raised suspicions because it was a small vessel far out to sea and resembled a "  go-fast " boat commonly used for drug smuggling , the ministry said . The boat 's location suggested it was en route to Europe or North Africa , it said . The chopper 's crew informed the ship 's captain about the boat , and U.S. Coast Guard personnel who were on the frigate then boarded the boat . They found 45 bales of cocaine weighing a total of 900 kilograms  just under a ton  , the defense ministry said . The cocaine has a minimum street value of $ 80 million , the ministry said . The bust went smoothly with no violence , defense officials said . Navy crew detained the five men on the boat , which was in poor condition and later sank . William is in the middle of a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy as part of his continued experience with various branches of the military . The prince , who is called sub lieutenant Wales in the navy , is also expected to spend time aboard a mine hunter and submarine during his attachment , which ends August 1 . William 's vessel , the Iron Duke , is a patrol boat which supports overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and carries out counter-narcotic operations . William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force earlier this year and received his pilot 's wings on graduation in April . He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF . William is already a second lieutenant in the British Army , where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry . The attachments are designed to give the prince , who as king will be the head of the armed forces , experience with the military .	Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat Boat carrying cocaine with a street value of at least $ 80m , officials say Prince William helped spot the boat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados
CNN  -- Nigerian author Chinua Achebe , a literary icon whose 1958 novel "  Things Fall Apart " captured the world 's attention , has died , his publisher said . He was 82 . An author of more than 20 books , he was celebrated worldwide for telling African stories to a captivated world audience . He was also accorded his country 's highest award for intellectual achievement , the Nigerian National Merit Award . Achebe is a major part of African literature , and is popular all over the continent for his novels , especially "  Anthills of the Savannah , " which was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1987 , and "  Things Fall Apart . " The latter was required reading in countless high schools and colleges in the continent , and has been translated into dozens of languages . Set in precolonial Nigeria , "  Things Fall Apart " portrays the story of a farmer , Okonkwo , who struggles to preserve his customs despite pressure from British colonizers . The story resonated in post-independent Africa , and the character became a household name in the continent . Achebe 's stories included proverbs and tackled complex issues of African identity , nationalism and decolonization , adding to his books ' popularity . A critic of Conrad , poor governance Achebe once wrote an essay criticizing Joseph Conrad , author of "  Heart of Darkness , " as a racist for his depiction of Africans as savages . Conrad 's popularity took a hit after the accusation -- a testament to Achebe 's credibility . He also criticized corruption and poor governance in Africa , and had been known to reject awards by the Nigerian government to protest political problems . In a tweet , his publisher Penguin Books described him as a " brilliant writer and a giant of African literature . Nelson Mandela said he ` brought Africa to the rest of the world ' . " Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan paid tribute to Achebe , hailing him as a cultural icon , a nationalist and an artist . Achebe 's "  frank , truthful and fearless interventions in national affairs will be greatly missed at home , " Jonathan said . "  While others may have disagreed with his views , most Nigerians never doubted his immense patriotism and sincere commitment to the building of a greater , more united and prosperous nation . " South African President Jacob Zuma said he was saddened by the loss of a "  colossus of African writing " who had helped many define themselves . "  It was in his famous novel "  Things Fall Apart " that many Africans saw themselves in literature and arts at the time when most of the writing was about Africans but not by Africans , " Zuma said . Biafran War Born in Nigeria in 1930 , Achebe was raised in the large village of Ogidi , one of the first centers of Anglican missionary work in eastern Nigeria . He was an early graduate of University of Ibadan , established in Nigeria before the end of British colonial rule in 1960 . He worked in radio , but in 1966 , left his post during the national upheaval that led to the bloody Biafran War , in which Nigeria 's southeastern provinces attempted to secede . Achebe joined the Biafran ministry of information and represented Biafra on diplomatic and fundraising missions before the civil war came to an end after two and a half years . His 2012 memoir , "  There Was a Country : A Personal History of Biafra , " draws on his recollections of that painful period in Nigeria 's past . A review by Adam Nossiter for the New York Times talks of how the book gives "  glimpses of this immense human tragedy in Achebe 's characteristically plain-spoken narrative " but is also "  tinged with odd nostalgia for the ephemeral moment when Biafra seemed to birth a national culture . " Fellow Nigerian writer Ben Okri , whose novel "  The Famished Road " won the 1991 Booker Prize , first met Achebe in the 1980s , when they did a radio interview together . It was "  startling " how kind he was , he said , and how "  generous toward a younger , somewhat angrier writer . " "  He was one of the most important writers to deal with the issue of the historical clash of civilizations , and the sometimes disastrous and sometimes benevolent consequences , " Okri said . "  He was without any doubt a very important figure , not only as a writer but as a guiding presence . He combined humility with forcefulness . He wrote clearly and truthfully , and was a touchstone for many African writers and many writers around the world . " ` Generosity of spirit ' In the course of a long academic career , Achebe took up university posts in Nigeria and overseas , including teaching at Brown University in Rhode Island , where he was professor of Africana Studies , and Bard College in New York . Leon Botstein , president of Bard College , described him as "  a brilliant novelist , storyteller , and eloquent voice from the opposite side of Joseph Conrad , with respect to the relationship of the West to Africa . " He also highlighted Achebe 's "  extraordinary generosity of time and spirit " during more than 20 years as a member of the Bard College community , adding that he will be deeply missed . "  For many , he was considered the father of African literature , and for many of his students , he introduced them to an extraordinary literary tradition , " Botstein said . "  His importance to literature , and to those he taught and knew personally , will never be forgotten . " Corey D. B. Walker , an associate professor and chair of the department of Africana Studies at Brown University , said Achebe 's loss was a great one . "  He was more than just a colleague , faculty member , and teacher at Brown . He was a gift to the world , " he said . "  At a time like this we could draw many words of wisdom and comfort from the deep wells of various African cultures and traditions to honor him . The most fitting is the simple and elegant phrase , ' A great tree has fallen . ' " In an interview for the Paris Review of Books in 1994 , Achebe spoke of how his early love of stories made him realize that they only reflected the point of view of the white man . That spurred him to write himself . "  There is that great proverb -- that until the lions have their own historians , the history of the hunt will always glorify the hunter . ... Once I realized that , I had to be a writer . I had to be that historian , " he said . "  It 's not one man 's job . It 's not one person 's job . But it is something we have to do , so that the story of the hunt will also reflect the agony , the travail -- the bravery , even , of the lions . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Vlad Duthiers , Jo Shelley , Richard Allen Greene , Kim Norgaard and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Writer remembers Achebe for his generosity , humility and guiding presence Chinua Achebe wrote more than 20 books Nigeria 's president hails him as a "  globally acclaimed writer , scholar , cultural icon , nationalist " South Africa 's Jacob Zuma mourns the loss of a "  colossus of African writing "
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Sunday in a ceremony attended by thousands of citizens , dignitaries and politicians . South Korean Buddhist monks pray in front of a portrait of former president Kim Dae-jung during his funeral Sunday . The solemn Sunday afternoon ceremony was held outside parliament , with a large portrait of Kim placed on a shrine surrounded by flowers . The funeral followed six days of mourning for Kim , who died Tuesday of a heart failure . Kim 's age at the time of his death was in dispute , with some reports saying he was 85 while others placing it at 83 . Kim 's state funeral was the second such ever given in the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . Another president , Park Chung-hee , was also accorded a state funeral after his assassination while in office in 1979 . Kim -- who was president from 1998 to 2003 -- won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000 for trying to foster better relations with North Korea . The watershed moment of his presidency came in June 2000 when he met North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , becoming the first South Korean leader to do so since the Korean War unofficially ended in 1953 . But rapproachment talks between the two sides hit a wall after conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 with a tougher stance toward the North than Kim and his successor , Roh Moo-hyun . Ahead of the funeral , President Lee met with a visiting North Korean delegation , who delivered a message from Kim Jong Il expressing hopes for improved relations between the two countries . Lee , in turn , reiterated his government 's firm stance , presidential spokesman Lee Dong-kwan was quoted as saying by Yonhap . But in a possible sign that icy relations between the two rival nations are nevertheless thawing , South Korean Unification Minister Hyun In Taek met with North Korean unity leader Kim Yang Gon on Saturday . It was the first high-level , cross-border contact in nearly two years . The meetings between officials of the two Koreas are in stark contrast to the tense public statements they made about each other earlier this year . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened the United States and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . South Korea condemned the action , calling the launches "  provocative " and "  unwise . " CNN 's Jake Perez contributed to this report .	South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Kim won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000 for fostering better relations with the North Report : Top unification officials of the rival nations met Saturday North Korean delegation in Seoul to mourn the death of Kim Dae-Jung
CNN  -- Author Tim Federle has just wrapped a long day at the Atlanta Junior Theater festival , working with several thousand boys and girls who dream of stardom on the Broadway stage . Count these kids as lucky ; they 've found the perfect mentor . Federle has danced in several big Broadway shows and a Super Bowl halftime show and worked as a choreographer with the young dancers of the hit musical "  Billy Elliot , " and now he 's written his first novel , "  Better Nate Than Ever . " Despite his long day , an energetic Federle says , "  I think I was always a kid with his head in the clouds , " which is appropriate since his book is about dreaming big . In his novel , Nate Foster is a teenager who loves musical theater . Feeling a bit like an outsider at school , he escapes small-town Pennsylvania and hops a bus to New York , where he hopes to land a part in "  E.T. : The Musical " and get back home before his parents find out . The story is full of humor , a positive message and some Broadway insider moments . The book bears more than a passing resemblance to Federle 's own life , but he says , "  For legal purposes , enough is different that I do n't think my mom is going to sue me . " For Nate and for Federle , a love of musical theater is what sets them apart from their classmates , but it 's also their life-saver . "  Musicals felt like a place where I could express myself in a safe way , even if my feelings were a little bit too big for school or home . It was the one place I really felt like , there 's lights , there 's scenery , and finally everything around me feels as big as my dreams , " Federle said . Whether it 's musical theater , sports or academics , Federle encourages young people to find that thing that makes them unique and hold on to it , because it could very well be their ticket to greatness and success as an adult . "  I think so often when you 're a kid , we mellow out those more interesting edges in order to coast through middle school quietly . By the time you get to high school , you 're left asking , who the heck am I ? I would encourage kids to try and figure out the thing that sets you apart , not publicly but that you 're passionate about internally . " Watch a video from Tim Federle about his new novel , "  Better Nate Than Ever " Federle hopes readers find "  Nate " especially relevant in a day where many kids who want to perform on stage are bullied or picked on for being different . "  Every time I think we 've gotten past the point where it 's weird to be a boy who performs , a girl who does n't quite fit in , I turn on the news , and I see another tragic story of a kid who could n't quite face what it felt to be alive amidst a group of kids who just did n't get them or would n't leave them alone . That tells me we can never have enough voices and mentors and stories . " While Federle ultimately made his Broadway dreams come true , after 10 years performing on stage , he found himself closing in on his 30th birthday and feeling like he was stuck in a creative rut . He thought about writing a novel but was n't sure he was up to the challenge . It was his work as a choreographer on "  Billy Elliot , " preparing young performers for a starring role on Broadway , that helped him conquer his own fears . "  Here I was about to turn 30 , telling these kids to face their greatest fear and go out on stage for more than a thousand people who had all paid to see them play the title role in a Broadway show , and I was n't facing my own fear , which was to try writing . " Federle made a vow a week before he turned 30 to write a novel . Thirty days later , he had his first draft of "  Better Nate Than Ever . " He calls the day he finished the book "  the best day of my life . " Now critics are raving about "  Nate . " Kids love it , and even adults are approaching Federle . "  Adults are saying to me , ` oh , my gosh , I remember what it was like , ' and it 's actually inspired a few to say things like , ` I 'm going to take up racquetball again , ' random stuff that has nothing to do with musicals . " Readers who are fans of TV shows like "  American Idol , " "  The Voice " and "  Glee " might enjoy "  Better Nate Than Ever . " Some may even read it looking for career tips . Federle says desire , talent and hard work are all part of the equation , but what he really wants readers to take away from his book is to dream big , be brave and hold on to hope . "  It 's really about putting yourself out there . Every time you leave the stage , you 're thinking , ` was that as good as I hoped it was , or was that as bad as I hope it was n't ? ' The amazing thing that every artist shares is , in a world where fear is huge , hope is just a little bit bigger . " Read an excerpt from "  Better Nate Than Ever " Do you think books like ` Better Nate Than Ever ' are good tools to teach children to reach for their dreams ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Tim Federle 's new book takes a page from his own experience as a dancer Federle hopes "  Nate " can help bullied children who want to perform on stage He says he had to conquer his own fears to write the book
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An explosives-filled car slammed into a U.S. Consulate vehicle in the Pakistani city of Peshawar on Monday , authorities said . There was confusion about the extent and severity of injuries as a result of the blast . Victoria Nuland , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said "  two U.S. personnel and two Pakistani staff of the Consulate were injured and are receiving medical treatment . " No U.S. consular employees were killed , she said . She said U.S. authorities were "  seeking further information about other victims of this heinous act . " Nuland 's statement followed an assertion by local Information Minister Iftikhar Hussain that two Americans had died in the blast . Pakistani police and health officials said two Pakistanis were killed and 25 people were wounded . Umar Riaz , a senior Peshawar police official , said the U.S. consular security detail surrounded the vehicle , which was severely damaged , and took away the people who 'd been traveling in it . As a result , Riaz said , he had no information about the people who were in the consular vehicle . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the bomber was apparently targeting a U.S. Consulate van filled with both Americans and Pakistanis . "  Let me just very clearly condemn the attack on our consulate personnel in Peshawar , Pakistan . We pray for the safe recovery of both American and Pakistani victims and once again we deplore the cowardly act of suicide bombing and terrorism , " she said . Clinton praised the response of Pakistani authorities , saying some of the injured were airlifted to hospitals in Islamabad . The attack took place in an area of the city where several international agencies have offices . In addition to the U.S. Consulate , the U.N. refugee agency , UNHCR , is in the area . Peshawar is about 190 kilometers  120 miles  from the country 's capital , Islamabad . In May 2011 , a remote-controlled car bomb targeted a convoy of U.S. Consulate vehicles in Peshawar , killing one person and wounding 11 . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . In April 2010 , three explosions went off in rapid succession near the consulate . Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , of which Peshawar is the capital , is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants . It was formerly known as North West Frontier province , a name assigned during British colonial rule . The ruling party changed the name to reflect the province 's majority Pashtun population . Journalists Nasir Habib and Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	There is confusion about the extent and severity of injuries as a result of the blast An explosives-laden car smashed into a vehicle from the U.S. Consulate The attack took place near the offices of the consulate and UNHCR The consulate has been the target of earlier attacks
CNN  -- Australian Daniel Ricciardo has landed a drive with all-conquering Red Bull for the 2014 season , the team said Monday . The 24-year-old , who is currently with Red Bull 's sister team Torro Rosso , will replace his compatriot Mark Webber , who is quitting F1 to race sportscars . The announcement ends speculation that former world champion Kimi Raikkonen would be leaving Lotus for the reigning constructors ' champions . Red Bull team chief Christian Horner said he was delighted that Ricciardo would be teaming up with three-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel . "  He 's a very talented youngster , he 's committed , he 's got a great attitude and in the end it was a very logical choice for us to choose Daniel , " he said in a statement . "  He 's got all the attributes that are required to drive for our team : he 's got a great natural ability , he 's a good personality and a great guy to work with . "  Daniel knows what the team expects from him ; he 'll learn quickly and it 's very much a medium to long term view that we 're taking in developing him . " Ricciardo has been groomed by Red Bull since joining Torro Rosso , claiming 21 points from 41 Grand Prix races . He started in F1 with the HRT team in 2011 . Ricciardo is following in the illustrious footsteps of Germany 's Vettel , who also learned his trade with Torro Rosso before joining Red Bull in 2009 . The announcement comes ahead of this weekend 's Italian Grand Prix , with Vettel again holding a commanding advantage over Fernando Alonso of Ferrari in this year 's title race .	Daniel Ricciardo lands coveted drive with Red Bull for next season Will team up with reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel Ricciardo is currently driving for Torro Rosso Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen had been linked Red Bull
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The 15 victims simply could n't outrun the searing debris that billowed out of Indonesia 's Mount Sinabung . Plumes of ash had spewed more than a mile into the sky Saturday and descended in superheated clouds . Scalding ash up to 700 degrees in temperature raced down the slope in just two to three minutes . By the end of several eruptions , at least 15 people had been killed , a government official told CNN . It was the first time Mount Sinabung 's volcanic output had resulted in deaths , the Jakarta Post reported . On Sunday , the sky above the North Sumatra mountain was still the color of murky gray ash , as shown on video from the Indonesia Geologic Agency . The victims , and at least three other injured people , were all found in Sukameriah , a village close to the volcano 's crater , disaster mitigation agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told CNN . What you need to know about volcanoes Local search-and-rescue teams were scheduled to go on a recovery operation Sunday , he said . Eruptions at Mount Sinabung are becoming common . After about 400 years of minimal volcanic activity there , Sinabung erupted in 2010 . It has been emitting gas since September . The English-language Jakarta Post said while 31 people previously had died from eruption-related illnesses such as asthma and hypertension . The unpredictable volcanic volatility has meant an itinerant existence for those who live in this region a 2Â 1/2 hour flight from Jakarta . Last month , intensifying volcanic activity forced 22,000 people into temporary camps , but more than half were allowed to return home on Friday . The newest volcanic activity has forced people to evacuate 16 villages , the Jakarta Post reported . At least 30,000 people have been temporarily housed at 42 evacuation centers , according to Billy Sumuan , the emergency response director in Indonesia for the humanitarian group World Vision . Saturday 's victims lived within a 3-kilometer radius of the volcano . Some were there checking on their homes or were there just to watch the eruptions , Nugroho said . Others were students and volunteers in the region to help its beleaguered people , Sumuan said . The government had issued the highest level of alert for the latest eruptions , and Sumuan noted that no one was supposed to go inside a 5-kilometer zone around the volcano . Live video of the volcano Several government agencies and nongovernmental humanitarian groups were on the scene Sunday helping those affected , including World Vision , which Sumuan said was helping children with their trauma and hygiene . The government and local churches handed out masks to everyone to mitigate breathing problems , he said . Kathy Quiano wrote and reported on this story from Indonesia , Brian Walker reported from Atlanta , and Mark Morgenstein wrote and reported from Atlanta .	Hot ash up to 700 degrees raced down the mountain 's slope in just a few minutes Jakarta Post : This is the first time Mount Sinabung 's eruptions have resulted in deaths A recovery operation was scheduled for Sunday
CNN  -- On Friday , Pope Francis announced the canonization of two of his predecessors : Pope John Paul II  pope from 1978 to 2005  and Pope John XXIII  1958-1963  . That John-Paul II , whose pontificate dominated the late 20th century , is on a fast-track to sainthood should not come as a surprise . At his death in 2005 , the crowds chanted , "  Santo subito ! "  sainthood now !  . The Vatican verified his first miracle , the curing of a French nun of Parkinson 's , from which he also suffered , just two months after his death . He was beatified in 2011 and his second miracle , the healing of a Costa Rican woman with an aneurism after her family prayed at one of his shrines , was ratified that same year . John XXIII 's canonization , however , was not on the radar , but it makes sense . John presided over the Second Vatican Council , the great midcentury meeting that completely transformed modern Catholicism , and which is now celebrating its 50th anniversary . Pope Francis has emphasized the divine nature of this council 's work frequently over the last few months and has waived the requirement that two miracles be credited to his intervention . A Vatican spokesman emphasized that because "  no one doubts " John 's holiness , Pope Francis has decided to move forward with the dual canonization .  Early Italian reports suggest December 8 , a Sunday this year , and the Feast of the Immaculate Conception , as the most likely date . Why does a pope become a saint ? At its most basic , Catholics believe , a saint is a holy person through whom God intervenes after his or her death to aid the living . Over the first 1,500 years of Catholic history , people generally became saints through popular acclamation rather than through a formal papal process . While there were some saints who were celebrated across the Christian world , the vast majority received only local or regional veneration . As with so many other Catholic procedures , the reform movements in the medieval papacy gradually asserted control of the process of canonization . In 1588 , Pope Sixtus V instituted the "  Sacred Congregation of Rites , " a body intended to take complete charge of all processes of beatification and canonization . However , local communities and religious leaders have always sought to promote their local holy men and women as saints , and often started venerating people regardless of official Vatican sanction . Pope John Paul II , in fact , oversaw the canonization of more people  483  than had been canonized in the previous 500 years , in part to lend the weight of Vatican authority to saints that had emerged throughout the global Catholic world . Seventy-eight of the 265 popes have been saints , which may seem like a large number , but this includes 52 out of the first 54 popes . After the sixth century , the rate of papal canonization rapidly decreased . By the time of the great medieval reform movements , most popes did not become saints and were not expected to do so , as sanctity became reserved for those not so deeply involved in worldly affairs . For example , Pope Celestine V may have become a saint , but he was recognized for his quiet life as a hermit , rather than for his brief life as pope  he was also an inspiration for Pope Benedict XIV 's retirement  . Over the modern era , pious leaders in local communities , people like Mother Teresa , and others of great piety outside the elite hierarchy were most likely to be recognized as saints . Thus , the incipient canonization of these two popes does stand out as unusual . So what 's going on in Rome ? I turn back to the lessons of the history : Decisions about sanctity almost always involve considerations about local contexts and contemporary needs . John Paul II 's sainthood has been promoted by many of the more conservative elements within the Catholic world . John XXIII , however , is something of a hero to more liberal groups because of his sponsorship of Vatican II . Perhaps in linking these two pontiffs , Pope Francis is performing yet another act that emphasizes the continuity and the connections among Catholics of all kinds , a theme that has dominated his papacy so far . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David M. Perry .	David Perry : Pope Francis announced the canonization of two predecessors He says John XXIII 's Vatican II was "  divine " work , so Francis required only one miracle People used to become saints by popular acclamation . Papacy controlled process later , he says Perry : In canonizing one conservative , one liberal pope , Francis sends unifying message
CNN  -- Park Ji-Sung 's Manchester United return has been put on hold after the South Korean midfielder suffered an injury in training . The English Premier League leaders had been without the 29-year-old for the past six weeks while he was at the Asian Cup in Qatar , and he now faces another month on the sidelines . Park injured a hamstring injury on Friday ahead of the Manchester derby , and will now miss United 's European Champions League last-16 clash with Marseille in France on February 23 . "  It was very unfortunate because it was his last kick of the ball in training , " team manager Alex Ferguson told the club 's website on Tuesday . Has Rooney joined the ranks of football 's immortals ? "  We were really looking forward to having him back after being away for a month at the Asian Cup . He 'll be out for up to a month , which is a blow to us . " The winger has not played for the English Premier League leaders since the 2-0 win over Sunderland on December 26 . Park was part of the South Korea squad which reached the semifinals of January 's Asian Cup before losing to eventual champions Japan . The former PSV Eindhoven star announced his international retirement after the tournament , citing a persistent right-knee injury as one of the reasons for his decision . Park will also miss Saturday 's FA Cup fifth-round match with non-league minnows Crawley Town as well as Premier League trips to Wigan , Chelsea and Liverpool , but may be back in time for the second leg against the French champions on March 15 . Cup magic shared by cross-channel minnows Crawley and Chambery In better news for United , Ecuador winger Antonio Valencia is back in training after breaking his ankle in a Champions League match against Scottish side Rangers in September . "  Valencia started training with the reserves on Saturday , " Ferguson said . "  So he 's on his way back and that will be a real boost to have him available for the run-in . " Valencia signed from Wigan for a reported $ 27 million in July 2009 . The 25-year-old was a regular as United finished second behind Chelsea , but has made only two league appearances this season .	Manchester United 's Park Ji-Sung will be out for up to a month with a hamstring injury South Korean midfielder has not played for United since returning from the Asian Cup He will now miss key Champions League and Premier League matches Ecuador 's Antonio Valencia has returned to training after a lengthy absence
San Diego , California  CNN  -- For many Americans , the scariest phrase in the English language is "  changing demographics . " It 's never easy to adjust to change -- especially when the thing that is changing is nothing less than the complexion of the country . America is being transformed before our eyes . In the early years of the 21st century , many white Americans are trembling at the thought that -- within three decades -- they 'll be the minority in the United States . The demographic "  doomsday " is about 2043 , according to the most recent projections . If you 're the kind of person who stays up at night worrying about such things -- either because you fear that you will be marginalized in the future , or because you 're feeling a little guilty over how African-Americans , Latinos , and Asian-Americans have been treated and you 're hoping they 're not holding any grudges -- living in America at this moment means having to endure one terrifying story after another . In 2012 , the U.S. Census Bureau revealed that -- because of immigration , and high birthrates among Latinos and Asian-Americans -- whites had become a minority among babies . In 2013 , the headline was that , for the first time , racial and ethnic minorities made up about half of Americans under the age of 5 . Now comes this bit of news , which is likely to send more Americans scrambling for their blood pressure medicine . According to the National Center for Education Statistics , starting this fall , U.S. public schools are projected , for the first time , to have more minority students than whites . At 49.8 percent , whites are still expected to be the largest racial group in the public schools . Yet , minority students will now make up the majority . And about one in four of those minority students will be Latino . This turnaround has already occurred in some states , most notably Texas and California . And now it 's about to happen on a national scale . The economic , political and social implications of this demographic sea change will extend far and wide . For one thing , the immigration debate will continue to erupt periodically , every few years . After all , what drives much of that discussion is n't concerns about border security or the rule of law . That 's just the window dressing . The real fuel is nativist anxiety over the ethnic transformation of our neighborhoods , towns and cities . We 'll also keep fighting about language and culture , as one way of life yields to another . In addition , there will be greater expectations on Latinos in particular -- who now comprise 17 % of the U.S. population and who , by 2043 , are expected to account for as much as 25 % -- to convert those population figures into something more tangible , such as political power . Already , many political observers wonder why one has n't led to the other . As the numbers increase , that curiosity will become more intense . Specific to what will be happening in the schools , we can also expect greater demand for bilingual teachers and more resistance from older taxpayers to having to approve additional property tax bonds to pay for what will be a necessary expansion of school facilities in the years to come . That is awfully shortsighted given that the elderly rely on younger workers to pay for their Medicare and Social Security . It may surprise you to hear it , but I cringe every time I see one of these stories about changing demographics , if it does n't come with the proper context . They get people all wound up for no reason , and needlessly pit groups of Americans against one another . They give Latinos , African-Americans and Asian a sense of false hope that , just around the corner , respect and power are on the way and life is about to get better . And they scare the dickens out of whites who , sensing that a storm is on the way , inevitably try to batten down the hatches by passing more restrictive laws . Good luck with that . There 's not much any of us can do to stop these changes from happening . But there is no reason to fear them either . Immigrants change America , but America returns the favor and changes them right back . For instance , English is the dominant language in the United States , and so many immigrants will wind up speaking English within a matter of months or years . Their children will speak English as their primary language , as the immigrant 's native language fades away . Where some Americans look at changing population figures and see calamity , I only see opportunity . This country continues to draw to its shores the determined and the daring , who come here -- to the land of second chances -- to reinvent themselves and , in the process , wind up remaking and revitalizing the country . That 's not a threat to America . Quite the contrary . It 's the very essence of America . Bring on the change . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	For the first time , minorities will exceed white population in U.S. public schools Ruben Navarrette says that some may fear the change , but the results are positive He says immigrants change America , but America winds up changing immigrants Navarrette : Immigrants reinvent themselves and wind up revitalizing the U.S.
CNN  -- Nothing drives home the luxury lifestyles of the rich and famous quite like images of them lounging on a sun-drenched superyacht . But even wealthy yacht owners -- who often use their magnificent boats for just a few weeks a year -- are not averse to making some extra cash by renting them out . And if you 're willing to splash out , you could be cruising the waves in the very same vessels used by A-list pop stars , royalty , and world leaders . From Beyonce to Grace Kelly , CNN takes a look at the most beautiful celebrity yachts available for hire . Beyonce on board When Beyonce performed at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2009 , the soulful songstress was left high and dry without a luxury vessel -- until she chartered 30-meter superyacht Asfar . At $ 109,000 per week , the sleek boat features three elegant suites , with room for 11 guests . Four crew members -- including a chef , a captain and deck hands -- were also on board to cater to their elite guest 's every whim . "  Beyonce had a great time , sailing around the beautiful west coast of Abu Dhabi , " said the CEO of an Abu Dhabi charter company which hired out the plush yacht . "  She just wished she could have stayed longer . " Old school Grace From modern day divas to past princesses , you could be sunning yourself aboard Grace Kelly 's iconic honeymoon yacht M/Y Grace -- as it tours the Galapagos Islands . The charming wooden yacht was given to Prince Rainier and Princess Grace of Monaco as a wedding present from shipping mogul Aristotle Onassis in the 1950s , with the royal couple spending their honeymoon sailing it along the stunning Italian coast . Today the iconic boat has been refitted with nine luxury staterooms and a top deck hot tub . Guests can enjoy fine dining as they meander past Ecuador 's remarkable islands teeming with unusual wildlife such as giant tortoises and marine iguanas . A week in the master suite will set you back $ 6,600 . P. Diddy 's iPad superyacht When rapper tycoon P. Diddy goes on holiday , he does n't do things by halves . The Grammy Award-winning musician relaxes on one of the most luxurious and high-tech superyachts in the world -- Solemates -- which even boasts an iPad-controller . From the luxury of their top deck jacuzzi , guests can control practically everything but the captain 's steering wheel -- all with a leisurely brush of their ipad . The 60-meter yacht also features an aromatherapy shower , James Bond-style underwater hovercraft , and a gym which converts into a disco . The price is similarly spectacular -- around $ 685,000 per week during the height of summer . All the presidents ' yacht When former American President John F. Kennedy wanted a few hours rest from the White House , he would supposedly slip away on the Potomac River for a leisurely cruise on his yacht , Honey Fitz . Built in 1931 , the pretty wooden vessel has served five American presidents , including Harry S. Truman , Dwight D. Eisenhower , Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard Nixon , and of course JFK -- whose wife Jackie installed the boat 's very first color TV in the 1960s . The recently renovated 70-passenger yacht is now completing a charity fundraising tour around the U.S. , but is still available for private hire , costing around $ 5,000 for four hours . Richard Branson 's Belle If anyone knows spectacular modes of transport , it 's Virgin business mogul Richard Branson . The British billionaire 's 32-meter catamaran -- Necker Belle -- includes four luxury suites , each with its own ensuite and flat screen TV . Thrill seekers can also enjoy the sleek vessel 's roof-top diving board , scuba diving equipment and three-person mini submarine , dubbed "  Necker Nymph . " Guests can cruise the Caribbean in the grand yacht for a cool $ 110,000 per week .	Looking for a holiday with celebrity glitz and glam ? Superyachts of the rich and famous are available for hire From P. Diddy 's high-tech vessel to JFK 's charming wooden boat Luxury living comes with a hefty price tag , up to $ 685,000 per week
CNN  -- The Australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms  780 pounds  of heroin after intercepting the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of Tanzania , the Australian Department of Defense said Friday . Authorities estimate the street value at 706 million Australian dollars  $ 630 million U.S.  . A team from the aircraft carrier HMAS Melbourne boarded the smuggler ship Wednesday during a sweep , according to a prepared statement . It tested the substance on board , determined it to be heroin , then confiscated it . Members then extracted samples and destroyed the rest .	The Australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms  780 pounds  of heroin It intercepted the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of Tanzania , officials said A team from the aircraft carrier HMAS Melbourne boarded the smuggler ship Wednesday
CNN  -- Call it a "  message in a bottle " or an epic eco-adventure -- but now after 8,000 nautical miles and nearly four months at sea , you can finally call it over . After sailing through brutal southern storms and battling numerous technical challenges , the crew of "  Plastiki " -- a ship made out of thousands of plastic bottles -- is now on its final leg of a trip across the Pacific Ocean . "  It feels amazing , " Plastiki 's expedition leader , David de Rothschild , told CNN Sunday . "  I think what 's happened with the Plastiki has really captured the world 's imagination ... the impact has really surpassed my expectations . " The Plastiki will reach Sydney , its final destination , Monday morning -- ending a 125-day journey , but also completing years of planning and dedication for the team . De Rothschild said that a 2006 United Nations report on plastic littering the world 's oceans was his personal catalyst for action . Made of approximately 12,500 reclaimed plastic bottles and engineered using the most sustainable methods possible , the Plastiki is meant to be used as a platform upon which solutions to the myriad of environmental problems can be found . "  I was inspired to go out and really build Plastiki to showcase waste as a resource , " said de Rothschild . "  And here we are nearly four years to the day just pulling in to a little harbor just north of Sydney , ready to sail in tomorrow -LSB- Monday -RSB- . " The Plastiki 's arrival in Sydney will not , however , be the 60-foot catamaran 's first time to reach Australian soil . Winter storms producing near-hurricane strength winds forced the vessel and its crew to take refuge in Mooloolaba , Queensland , on July 19 . Brutal winter storms in the Tasman Sea made the leg from New Caledonia the most challenging . One night , winds gusting over 60 knots surprised the crew , leaving them battling to prevent the mast buckling and losing the sail for eight hours . Co-skipper of the boat , Dave Thomson , called the waves some of "  the biggest you 're likely to see . " Once in Sydney , the Plastiki will be harbored at the Australian National Maritime Museum . It will remain on display for a month as crew members hold special events aimed at raising awareness of plastic waste in the ocean . The general public will also have the opportunity to visit the vessel during an open day . But de Rothschild said that although the boat is made of recyclable material , he 's not planning to toss it in the chipper just yet . "  I really feel the Plastiki is entering its next chapter , " said de Rothschild , outlining hopes to put the boat on display around the world . "  The plan is to create a global oceans exhibit that can showcase not only the issue of throw-away plastics but really about nurturing and re-evaluating our oceans ... our most precious of ecosystems , " he added . "  The Plastiki is definitely not coming to a halt . "	Plastiki will end 4-month , 8,000-nautical-mile journey in Sydney Ship is made of more than 12,000 plastic bottles Expedition leader says he was inspired by a U.N. report on littering
Washington  CNN  -- The problem-plagued F-22 Raptor took part in its first combat mission Monday night , hitting ISIS targets in Syria . The price tag for those jets , which were in development for decades , is a staggering $ 412 million each -- triple its expected cost , according to the Government Accountability Office  GAO  . Originally designed and built to replace other fighter and ground attack aircraft in the U.S. military 's arsenal , the radar-evading F-22 is an evolutionary dead end . The Air Force acquired only 188 of them from aerospace maker Lockheed and does n't plan to have any more produced . Even though they formally came into service in 2005 , the F-22 had been grounded repeatedly because of what were indeterminate causes that resulted in pilots losing consciousness in the air . Obama : Syria strikes show ` this is not America 's fight alone ' The Air Force is confident it solved the problem , but some top pilots still refused to fly the plane , citing safety concerns . Today , the Air Force has 187 of the fighters after one crashed in 2010 , killing the pilot . A subsequent report by the Pentagon watchdog found the Air Force initially blamed the crash on pilot error when in fact a mechanical error was at fault . The F-22 has also been accused of causing a mysterious illness in mechanics charged with maintaining it . In 2012 : More problems for F-22 Last year , the Air Force lifted all flight restrictions on the F-22 , saying the plane is now safe to fly . The military 's other prized fighter program , the F-35 fighter-bomber , has faced similar questions about massive cost overruns and mechanical problems .	The F-22 flew its first combat mission against ISIS The government estimates that each plane costs $ 412 million The fighter jet has been plagued by mechanical problems and cost overruns
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese officials ' concerns over food contamination expanded beyond the country 's borders Tuesday as tests detected radiation in ocean water offshore . Plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said that high levels of radioactive substances were found in seawater near the plant , but said that the results did not represent a threat to human health . "  There should be no immediate health impact . If this situation continues for a long period of time , some impact can occur , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters . The impact such radiation could have on marine life was unclear . Japanese authorities were scheduled to measure radioactivity in waters around the plant on Tuesday and Wednesday , the International Atomic Energy Agency said . Earlier seawater radiation monitoring detected levels of iodine-131 that were 126.7 times higher than government-set standards , the electric company said on its website . Its monitors detected cesium-134 , which has a half-life of about two years , about 24.8 times higher than the government standards . Cesium-137 was found to be 16.5 times higher than the standard . The electric company detected these levels in seawater 100 meters  328 feet  south of the nuclear power plant Monday afternoon . Radioactive particles disperse in the ocean , and the farther away from the shore a sample is taken , the less concentrated the contamination should be . Because of the huge amount of dilution that happens in the ocean , there 's not much chance of deep-water fish being tainted , said Murray McBride , a professor at Cornell University who studies soil and water contamination . "  I think the ocean can handle that a lot better than the physical environment and population centers , " said Jim Walsh , an international security expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a CNN consultant . "  We do n't want any of this to happen , but better it go out to sea than stay in Japan . " Winds have largely blown radioactive material emitted by the plant offshore since an earthquake and tsunami crippled cooling systems at the plant March 11 . But tests have detected contamination of food grown near the plant . The Japanese government has banned the sale of raw milk from Fukushima Prefecture , where the plant is located , and prohibited the sale of spinach from neighboring Ibaraki Prefecture after finding levels of radioactive iodine and cesium higher than government standards , the country 's health ministry reported . And officials in Fukushima halted the distribution of locally grown vegetables outside the prefecture . The government has also banned sales of spinach and milk from parts of Gunma and Tochigi Prefectures , according to the prime minister 's office . On Tuesday Edano said contamination had not been detected in other agricultural products . "  The products which are being grown in these areas are being monitored and the monitoring will continue , " he said . He urged consumers to "  try not to panic , " noting that the government had stopped shipments of any farm products they believed could be contaminated . Edano has stressed that officials believe the levels of radiation in food -- while above the legal standards -- do not pose any immediate health risk , saying they were mostly dangerous only if consumed repeatedly over one 's lifetime . On Monday a spokesman for the World Health Organization said short-term exposure to food contaminated by radiation from Japan 's damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant poses no immediate health risk . Tests have also detected radiation in tap water . On Monday , authorities in the village of Iitake urged residents to avoid drinking tap water that tests showed contained more than three times the maximum standard of radioactive iodine . Water in other jurisdictions showed lesser signs of contamination , although far below levels of concern under Japanese law , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency website . The U.N. agency said it had received reports from Japan 's government that six out of 46 samples tested positive for the iodine-131 radioactive isotope . Iodine and cesium isotopes are byproducts of nuclear fission in reactors such as the ones damaged in the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern Honshu , Japan 's main island . Although iodine-131 has a radioactive half-life of eight days , cesium-137 's half-life is about 30 years . The decision to prohibit produce sales is another potentially devastating blow to a part of northeast Japan hit by the earthquake , tsunami and other potential fallout from the Fukushima plant . Edano has said farmers will be compensated for revenue lost by the restrictions . "  Primarily this is due to the nuclear reactor accident , so we assume  Tokyo Electric Power Company  will be held responsible for compensation . The government might take some supplementary action , " he said . Fukushima ranks among Japan 's top producer of fruits , vegetables and rice . Ibaraki , south of Fukushima , supplies Tokyo with a significant amount of fruits and vegetables and is Japan 's third-largest pork producer . For radiation to be an issue for rice , the contamination would have to be more severe and prolonged that what has been seen so far , said McBride , the Cornell University professor . Soil contamination was a huge issue around Chernobyl , but the radiation emitted from the Fukushima Daiichi plant is n't anywhere near that level , he said . "  We 're not at that stage ; that 's the scenario you have to consider if contamination gets severe enough , " McBride said . CNN 's Jo Kent , Steven Jiang , Martin Savidge , Paul Ferguson , Thom Patterson , Matt Smith and Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	High levels of radioactive substances have been found in seawater The impact on marine life is unclear , and tests are expected to continue Tests also reveal radiation in milk and spinach Japan 's chief Cabinet secretary urges consumers "  not to panic "
DUBLIN , Ireland  CNN  -- Irish voters are going to the polls again Friday -- to vote on a treaty they rejected just over a year ago . Prime Minister Brian Cowen gets out the ` vote yes ' message in Tullamore . But this time round , opinion polls indicate the "  yes " campaign to adopt the Lisbon Treaty and its rules for governing an expanded European Union will be successful . The EU has made assurances to Ireland that the Lisbon Treaty will not affect the country 's abortion laws or its neutrality and that Ireland will keep a European Commissioner . In the weeks leading up to the vote , Dublin was awash with posters for both sides of the emotional argument . "  Yes " posters reminded voters how much Ireland has benefited financially from being inside the European Union . "  No " placards questioned whether Ireland will lose its military neutrality , its anti-abortion laws and its minimum wage despite the EU assurances . Just more than half -- 53 percent -- of Irish voters said "  No " to the Lisbon Treaty in June 2008 , throwing the future structure of the European Union into doubt as all member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted . Lisbon is the plan to modernize the EU 's structure after it expanded to 27 members , with most of the new member states coming from Eastern Europe . Ireland has just one percent of the EU 's population but its "  no " vote effectively stopped adoption of the Lisbon Treaty across the continent . So , the Dublin government is holding another referendum Friday in the hope of this time getting a "  yes " vote . No other EU citizens have been allowed to vote on the treaty as national parliaments have ratified the treaty . And to date only Poland and the Czech Republic governments have held up the final passage of the treaty in their own countries . But Ireland 's constitution mandates citizens must be allowed to vote on any major changes to its own governmental structure . A handful of Dublin taxi drivers told CNN they would vote no because they see no reason to give to Brussels the powers that Ireland fought hard to wrestle away from Britain . "  No " campaigner Brendan Young , from a group called People Before Profit , put it bluntly : "  People having had experience of benign British presence do n't want to be going fighting Britain 's wars , or anybody else 's . " But the "  no " campaign is a rag bag of groups that have little in common . Young says he is pro-Europe but does not want Irish tax money to pay for Europe 's military structure . To illustrate the diverging political viewpoints in the "  no " campaign , Young was not happy that the United Kingdom Independence Party was in Dublin and on his side . UKIP is an anti-European Union , British party and it finds itself on the same side as Sinn Fein , the anti-British , nationalist party . Conservative anti-abortion catholic groups also press the "  no " case . "  When I see the UK Independence Party join up with Sinn Fein and religious extremists , I must be on the right side , " laughed Michael Wall , a "  yes " campaigner . He said he volunteered to hand out leaflets because he says last year the pro-Lisbon Treaty lobby took a "  yes " for granted . He says by talking about what is actually in the treaty -- a document most people last time round admitted they had not read -- he has changed minds . "  I have met a lot of people on the campaign who voted no the last time . Voted no out of anger , voted no because of the arrogance of politicians who put their faces on the posters when the issue was n't about , say , local elections , " Wall said . "  A lot of people have changed their mind and I think they should be given that opportunity " by getting to vote a second time . But Ireland is going through one of the worst recessions of any developed nation since the 1930s . There are no green shoots on the emerald island . Property prices have collapsed , unemployment doubled in a year and for the first time in nearly 20 years , emigration is back . The government is very unpopular and the business community worries this will influence voting . "  The biggest concern is that it will be a "  no " on the basis of people 's anger about domestic policy issues rather than the treaty itself , " says Patricia Callan , of the Small Firms Association . Business is at the fore of the "  yes " vote this time around . At the U.S. tech giant Intel , Jim O'Hara , its General Manager of Ireland , said he had to persuade his boss this vote was critical . "  I had to go and convince the Intel Corporation , " he said . "  And quite frankly Paul Otellini , when I spoke to him , the CEO , was n't that particularly interested in the issues . I convinced him that it was good for Ireland and good for our business in Ireland . " Results are not expected until Saturday .	Ireland votes on treaty covering expansion of European Union Voters rejected treaty in 2008 but have new EU assurances this time A ` no ' vote would delay , and possibly kill , implementation of the treaty EU-wide Opinion polls indicate the ` yes ' campaign will succeed this time
The Rev. Renita Lamkin says she has experienced some of the worst kind of racism in her life , which might come as a surprise to folks when they meet her . Lamkin is white . On August 9 , as temperatures soared outside , she heard about something heating up tensions a short drive away from the city where she preaches . The next day , something inside her told her to go there . So she headed to Ferguson , not sure what she would encounter and with no real plan . "  I just got this feeling that there was a need for intercession , for prayer , and I needed to be there , " Lamkin says . When she got there , she found out just what was sending emotions sky-high -- something the world would come to know about in the hours , days and weeks ahead . An African-American teenager named Michael Brown had been shot and killed in the street by a white police officer . No one in the neighborhood where Brown was killed knew the officer 's name at the time . What they did know was that Brown 's body had been lying in the street for about four hours . Some witnesses to the shooting said Brown 's hands were up in surrender before he was killed . By the time Lamkin arrived on August 10 , Brown 's body was gone , but residents ' anger remained high as she attended a prayer vigil on the street where the teen died . The protesting was peaceful at first . "  At some point I was told I should leave , and so I left , and by the time I got home I heard about the riots that had broken out , " she says . A tale of two streets in Ferguson A QuikTrip convenience store had been burned , some businesses had been looted , and what looked like an army of police had descended on West Florissant Avenue . A few days later , Lamkin went out to the street , too . On the night of August 13 . she found herself in the middle of police and protesters when tear gas and rubber bullets began to fly . That is when she says she knew exactly why she was there and what she was called to do . "  In all fairness they  the police  did tell us to disperse many , many times , and they did say that failure to disperse would result in us being subject to arrest and or other actions . I had no idea what those other actions were , but I was n't going to high-tail it out of there with our young people still hanging out , " she says . She told the protesters to get behind her . She stood there with her hands outstretched between police in riot gear and protesters screaming at officers from a distance . In all that noise , Lamkin did the only thing she knew to do -- pray . "  It seems as if one minute there were police in shirts behind us , and when I turned around again there were tanks -- like I did n't even hear them approach , " she says . What looked like tanks to some folks turned out to be armored vehicles . "  I just was praying , you know , just interceding , asking God to draw a line that could n't be crossed either way . I did n't want to see our young people charge the police , and I did n't want to see the police charge at our young folks , and there 's really no more to it than that , " she says . But Lamkin soon was injured . She says she was shot by a police projectile . She disputes it was a rubber bullet , but police say that is what they were using that night . West Florissant looked like a battlefield , and Lamkin began to be incensed by what was happening in the usually quiet town eight miles from St Louis . It was then , Lamkin says , she became a praying protester , not just a praying pastor . Missouri governor declares state of emergency 100 days of protests For the most part , for more than 100 days now protesters have taken to the streets , chanting and leveling harsh words at police . Since Brown 's killing , police have been face to face with protesters screaming , cursing and sometimes throwing water bottles or even rocks at them . Some demonstrators talk to police sometimes as if they are less than human . Lamkin says she understands the anger spewed at police . "  They 're yelling at the system , and they are saying all the things that they were never able to say when they were in situations by themselves and they were in fear or when their family members were mistreated and ... they were powerless to speak up . " Lamkin has a problem with the way she says the justice system treats people of color , especially black men . "  I believe that there is a nation of exhausted people . And we are exhausted with the policing system having carte blanche opportunity to gun our children down without accountability , " she says . Plenty of folks argue a grand jury is there for the sole purpose of accountability . Its job is to see if criminal action has taken place . Lamkin and other protesters say they do n't necessarily trust the grand jury system , which they see as a rubber stamp for the prosecuting attorney 's office . The St. Louis prosecuting attorney has defended himself time and again , saying the jurors are getting all the information , witnesses and evidence the office has gathered to investigate and make up their minds . Ferguson awaits grand jury ruling Prejudice hits home As the mother of two mixed-race children , Lamkin says she does n't have to travel far to find a black person who has dealt with racial profiling by police . "  My son was like 11 when he was brought home by the police for riding his bike , ` fitting the description '  of a criminal  , like what the hell ? " she barks . " ` You know he 's in his own neighborhood ? ' " Lamkin says she told the officer . His reply , she says , "  Well we did n't know any black families lived here . " Lamkin says she has experienced the deep prejudice that police and fellow white citizens have revealed to her often unconsciously . "  I have felt the disgrace when white people think that I adopted my children , then they say it 's the great white person you know that has rescued these little black kids . Actually one time someone said , ` Where did you get them from ? ' " Lamkin says , letting out an exasperated laugh . When she explains they are her biological children , the demeanor of the people asking those kinds of questions changes , she says . "  There 's a shift ; you know people shift when they realize that they 're my children and that somehow I am no longer as quality of a being to them , " Lamkin says . Police , protests and ominous predictions At first , Lamkin was not welcomed by some of the protesters . "  Initially some would say like , ` What are you doing here ? Whose side are you on ? This is n't your fight . It 's not a white person 's fight , ' " she says . That all ended on the night she was injured , but that same evening , she confronted another protester . "  I saw her give Molotov cocktails to three of our boys , so I charged at her . Fortunately , she took the cocktail back and took off running before I was able to get to her , " she says . Lamkin says worries that the announcement of the grand jury 's decision will bring more folks intending to use the cover of peaceful protesters for their violent deeds . "  I 've been pulled into secret meetings , I 've received anonymous messages . If all of that prediction holds true , it 's gon na to be very scary , " she says . Violence has no place , even when you are fighting for what you believe in , she says . She has been accused of inciting violence for the way she yells at police , and has once worn a scarf around her face covering everything but her eyes . "  It 's funny though -- all I 'm doing is praying , " Lamkin says . When a CNN crew saw her the first time , Lamkin was yelling at officers , waving her hands between them and protesters and telling police , "  Do n't hurt them . They are all somebody 's baby . Do n't you hurt them ! " Lamkin says she does n't condemn every police officer for the actions of some , nor does she praise every protester for his or her behavior . Ultimately she sees what 's happening in Ferguson as a moment that turned into a movement . She is convinced it 's not only a worldly battle between people and the system but something much bigger than that . "  I 'm very aware of the presence of evil . I 'm seeing this as a spiritual warfare , " she says . Her take : The evil is an unfair system ; the war is an effort to change that so that all people finally have the chance to be treated equally .	The Rev. Renita Lamkin has taken part in the protests in Ferguson , Missouri The mother of mixed-race children says she has experienced racism She has been accused of inciting violence , but she says she is simply praying
CNN  -- A late-night scuffle after the Denver Broncos-San Diego Chargers game , which left at least three people with stab wounds , appears to be over a parking space rather than a football rivalry , police said Friday . Police took three people into custody , and two have been released pending further investigation , Denver Police Sgt. Steve Warneke said Friday . Justin Manzanares , 29 , is being held for investigation of three counts of aggravated assault . A fourth person also may have been injured in the Thursday incident in the parking lot next to Sports Authority Field at Mile High , but authorities have yet to find that victim , Warneke said . That person left without seeking treatment , according to authorities . The three victims are now in stable condition after suffering non-life-threatening injuries , he said . "  It does n't appear that this was related to the outcome of the game . It does n't appear that this was Broncos versus Chargers . It appears this stemmed from a traffic altercation in which the suspects were backing out of a parking space and nearly struck the victims ' vehicle , " Warneke said of the 10 p.m.  12 a.m. ET  incident . The Denver Broncos referred questions to Stadium Management Company , which runs the team 's stadium . The company said it was aware of the incident and was working with authorities . This is second violent incident after a Broncos game this month . A 30-year-old man died after he fought another person in a parking lot near the Kansas City Chiefs ' Arrowhead Stadium on December 1 . That incident happened after a game between the Chiefs and the Broncos . Fighting erupts in football stands CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Police say the incident is related to a traffic altercation , not a football rivalry One victim is listed in critical condition , two in stable condition It is unclear what caused the scuffle It happened after the Denver Broncos lost their Thursday night game
CNN  -- In a significant first , a U.S. appeals court has struck down a state ban on same-sex marriage , creating greater political and legal momentum for the Supreme Court to decide whether gays and lesbians have a constitutional right to wed. . It happened on Wednesday in Utah , where a panel ruled 2-1 against the prohibition , saying that any couple , regardless of sexual orientation , has the right to marry . Enforcement of the decision was stayed temporarily . "  We hold that the Fourteenth Amendment protects the fundamental right to marry , establish a family , raise children , and enjoy the full protection of a state 's marital laws , " the majority opinion from the 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said . "  A state may not deny the issuance of a marriage license to two persons , or refuse to recognize their marriage , based solely upon the sex of the persons in the marriage union , " the court said . Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes said his office would appeal to the Supreme Court . The justices then would decide whether to hear the case . Derek Kitchen , a key plaintiff in the case along with his partner , Moudi Sbeity , said they were "  overjoyed " by the ruling . "  Since the lawsuit was filed last year , we have received so much support from so many people in our state , and we are now looking forward to the day when we will finally be married , " he said . The legal , social , and political conversation over expanding the definition of marriage that is playing out in Utah is by no means unique , but merely another thread of an issue that is being confronted in courtrooms and living rooms nationwide . Same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and 19 states : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington . Massachusetts was the first to make it legal , in 2004 . A recent Williams Institute survey found that among metro areas with a population above 1 million , Salt Lake City had the nation 's highest rate of same-sex couples raising children , at 26 % . Virginia Beach , Detroit , Memphis and San Antonio were not far behind . Among states , Mississippi led the list , also at 26 % . When it was passed in 2004 , Utah 's Prop 3 , which banned same-sex marriage , had 66 % voter support . But that has since fallen . A Salt Lake City Tribune poll has found residents there equally divided on whether same-sex couples should be allowed to get state-issued marriage licenses . Unclear is whether the Utah appeals court decision would also apply to the other five states within its jurisdiction in the Midwest and Mountain West . Oklahoma 's same-sex marriage ban was also before it . Enforcement of the Utah ruling was also stayed to give the state time to explore its legal options . It means same-sex couples in Utah can not get married for the time being . But in the meantime , Hillary Hall , clerk and recorder for Boulder County , Colorado , said Wednesday that she would begin issuing same-sex marriage licenses . "  Because the Court stayed its mandate , officials in Utah will not have to implement the decision immediately . Even so , I believe the opinion is clear and it is important to act immediately . "  Colorado 's prohibition on same-sex marriage has treated our family , friends and co-workers as second class citizens for long enough . Unless a Court in Colorado or the U.S. Supreme Court tells me otherwise , I plan to begin issuing licenses , " she said in a statement . Colorado 's attorney general stressed that the state 's prohibition on same-sex marriages remains in effect . In his statement , John Suthers said that any marriage licenses issued to such couples before a final resolution would be invalid . "  There might be a bump in the road along the way ... The state may challenge this , " said Tracey MacDermott , who married her partner of 18 years on Wednesday . Standing beside their license , she added : "  I think this will actually mean what it says it means down the road , " CNN affiliate KUSA reported . Wednesday 's decision also spells further legal limbo for 1,300 Utah couples who were legally wed when a federal judge first struck down the state 's ban in late December . Those marriage licenses were issued for a 17-day period before the Supreme Court agreed with Utah officials to temporarily halt further marriages while the issue was appealed . Utah 's senior senator , Orrin Hatch , a Republican , expressed disappointment in Wednesday 's ruling . "  Although I am not surprised by today 's decision , I disagree with the court 's reasoning and hope the Supreme Court ultimately adheres to the original understanding of the Constitution and allows each state to define marriage for itself , " said Hatch . But lawyers for the three same-sex couples who first filed the lawsuit challenging Utah 's ban said the issue was simple . "  If you boil it down from all of the legal rhetoric , it really comes down to fundamental principles of equality and fairness , " said Peggy Tomsic , a Salt Lake City attorney who argued the case before the appeals court . "  I am genuinely hopeful that the Supreme Court will take this case and resolve this issue and declare it 's unconstitutional . " The Utah decision and one by a federal district judge in Indiana striking down that state 's ban , came a year and a day after notable Supreme Court rulings on the issue . A 5-4 majority struck down a federal law known as the Defense of Marriage Act , which had denied legally married same-sex couples the same federal benefits , including tax breaks , available to heterosexual couples . The court , also 5-4 , dismissed a same-sex marriage appeal on jurisdictional grounds , ruling that private parties do not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . The ruling cleared the way for same-sex marriages there to resume .	Colorado attorney general says state 's prohibition on same-sex marriages remains Utah decision is the first of its kind by an appeals court on the hot-button issue The state will appeal the decision directly to the Supreme Court Same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and 19 states
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson signaled his intention to stay at the English Premier League champions for at least three more years but struggling Blackburn wrecked his 70th birthday celebrations with a stunning 3-2 win at Old Trafford Saturday . Ferguson marked 25 years in charge of the English Premier League champions earlier this year , but his ambition clearly still burns bright . "  I think I 've got three years at the club , " Ferguson told the official club website . "  As long as my health stays up , and as long as I 'm still enjoying it and still getting the satisfaction of the team doing its best , " he added . Ferguson 's top moments in 25 years in charge The legendary Scot has set his sights on further success in the European Champions League after their shock exit at the group stages this season and to add to the club 's tally of 19 English championships . "  We have to continue the dominance of winning leagues and , without question , winning a European Cup is important at this club . We should have been in at least another three finals . But you ca n't be greedy , I suppose , and having won two in my time is an achievement . "  They were special , it was terrific to win them . I think I 'd be very keen to do that  again  . " Blackburn , in the relegation zone of the EPL and with manager Steve Kean under continued pressure , scored probably the most unlikely win of the season after the United faithful had paid homage to their manager before the start . Blog : Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 With Ferguson resting Wayne Rooney and other first team regulars , their Lancastrian neighbors led 1-0 at half time through an Ayegbeni Yakubu penalty . It was awarded after Dimitar Berbatov pulled down Christopher Samba and put away with some aplomb . Yakubu rifled home a super second , his 12th of the season just after the break , holding off Phil Jones and Michael Carrick before putting his side 2-0 ahead . Almost immediately , Berbatov atoned for his earlier mistake by pulling one back and when the Bulgarian equalized with his sixth goal in three games , United looked set to claim victory . But Kean 's men were resolute throughout and in the 80th minute grabbed the winner . It came after United goalkeeper David de Gea flapped at a Morten Gamst Pedersen corner and Grant Hanley was on hand to head home . The result lifted Blackburn off the bottom , while United stayed level on points with neighbors Manchester City , who play Sunday against Sunderland . Ferguson did not temper his reaction to the disappointing defeat which prevented his side leading the EPL at the end of the year . "  It is a disaster , " he told Press Association . "  I never expected it . We lost two terrible goals and you ca n't do that . "	Alex Ferguson gives himself three more years at Manchester United Legendary manager recently celebrated 25 years in charge Ferguson turned 70 as his team beaten 3-2 by Blackburn Shock defeat leaves United level with Man City on points
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The trial of controversial Zimbabwean politician Roy Bennett took a new twist Tuesday when prosecutors told the judge they wanted to impeach their star witness . The prosecution called arms dealer Michael Peter Hitschmann to the stand to implicate Bennett in the procurement of the arms . Bennett is a senior official of the Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  and Zimbabwe 's deputy agriculture minister-designate . He has pleaded not guilty to charges of terrorism and inciting people to carry out terrorism . He could face the death penalty if convicted . The MDC -- led by Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai -- says the case against Bennett is politically motivated and was aimed at keeping him out of the unity government it formed with President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu-PF party last February . Under questioning from Attorney General Johannes Tomana , Hitschmann testified he had seen Bennett on television and then had met him at a public gathering . But Hitschmann told the fully packed courtroom that he was not aware of some of the weapons the prosecution claims that he bought with the financial support of Bennett . In addition , Hitschmann -- who appeared relaxed throughout the proceedings -- cast doubt on the authenticity of e-mails that were produced in court which the prosecution said had been retrieved from his laptop and which allegedly reveal that he and Bennett were planning to commit terrorism . "  None of the contents was retrieved from my laptop in my absence or in the presence of my legal counsel  in 2006 when he was arrested  , " he said , adding , "  I do n't know here they came from . " After that , Tomana started questioning Hitschmann as if he were a hostile witness and not the star witness for the prosecution . Bennett 's lawyers objected , saying the prosecution was trying to "  confuse " people . At that point , Tomana indicated that he was in the "  preparatory stage " to "  to lay evidence that Hitschmann was being inconsistent . " "  The witness -- who is an accomplice witness by the way -- is getting to be a witness in favor of the accused ; we are entitled to start impeachment procedures when the state witness starts showing that he is being unfavorably indisposed in favor of the accused , " he added . Bennett 's lawyer , Beatrice Mtetwa , said the prosecution had never indicated that it had e-mails which were purportedly written by her client and Hitschmann . She said Hitschmann had submitted an affidavit saying he does not want to testify against Bennett , adding that the statements about conspiracy that were purportedly made by him were done under "  traumatic and unfriendly circumstances " in 2006 , when he was arrested and later charged with terrorism himself . Mtetwa said the prosecution was attempting to take a statement Hitschmann made to the army and turn it into a statement against her client . "  That is an army-procured statement . What legal basis is there to change it to a witness statement ? The statement was made when he was an accused facing conspiracy charges , " said Mtetwa . "  During that time the prosecution did not indicate that he had acted in common purpose with the accused  Bennett  . " Hitschmann was acquitted of terrorism charges in 2006 but served a jail sentence for the lesser charge of possessing weapons without a license . The weapons allegedly included six sub-machine guns and two machine guns , which the prosecution produced in Bennett 's trial as part of the state 's exhibits . The judge in the case , Justice Chinembiri Bhunu , who resumed the trial after adjourning it last November , is expected to rule Wednesday whether the state can proceed to impeach its own witness . Throughout the court proceedings , Bennett -- clad in a blue suit , matching blue tie and a light blue shirt -- sat motionless , gazing into the sky once in a while . He laughed out loud when Hitschmann said he first saw Bennett on television punching the justice minister in parliament .	Attorney General tells court that prosecution wants to impeach star witness Micheal Peter Hitschmann cast doubt on some of the prosecution 's evidence during his testimony Zimbabwe politician Roy Bennett is on trial for terrorism , banditry and insurgency Bennett denies the charges , which his party alleges are politically motivated
New York  CNN  -- A spirited and leaderless protest in the Wall Street section of New York has entered its third week , helping to inspire a growing number of demonstrations united in their passion if not necessarily their reasons for hitting the streets . The hub of the movement , in Lower Manhattan , was abuzz with activity on Sunday as activists continued to vent their frustrations with everything from "  corporate greed " to high gas prices to insufficient health insurance . No single group or person heads the effort , which has adopted the name "  Occupy Wall Street . " While a "  general assembly " is held daily for those gathered -- be it for a few short hours or by camping out long-term -- to discuss the goings-on and work toward a common mission , the stances being touted currently are diverse . "  We 've gathered here in this place ... to shape a statement of what it is we want , and how we 're going to get to it , " said Robert Segal , one of the New York protesters . Video : Police arrest hundreds of protesters in NYC The lack of coherent message has not stopped similar efforts from popping up elsewhere in the United States . "  Occupy Chicago , " for instance , entered its 10th day on Sunday , a day after an associated website touted "  a huge afternoon march . " The motto atop a website for "  Occupy Los Angeles , " which kicked off Saturday with a march from Pershing Square to City Hall , reads : "  The revolution is happening ... It 's just not in the news . " There are 34 organizations -- from unions to ethnic organizations to activist groups focused on everything from foreclosure prevention to climate change to justice-related issues -- listed as being involved in a like-minded activist coalition in Boston . This group , which held a festival and march Friday and Saturday and has explicitly targeted Bank of America in recent weeks , states on its website that its aim is to "  stop their greed , " "  fight for an economy that works for all of us " and "  build cities that are democratic , just and sustainable . " The website of Seattle demonstrators describes the nationwide effort as "  a leaderless resistance movement with people of many colors , genders and political persuasions . " "  The one thing we all have in common is that We Are The 99 % that will no longer tolerate the greed and corruption of the 1 % , " the statement continues , referring to what it sees as a sharp divide between the wealthiest Americans and the rest of society . Most demonstrations thus far have been peaceful and uneventful , though in a few cases they have led to numerous arrests . The most high-profile such incident came Saturday , when New York police arrested more than 700 protesters who had occupied the iconic Brooklyn Bridge . They were cited for blocking the roadway , authorities said , and eventually released after being given tickets . The confrontation came as protesters along the road banged drums and chanted , "  The whole world is watching " as police moved in . Paul J. Browne , the deputy commissioner for the New York City Police Department , said they were given "  multiple warnings " to stay on the pedestrian walkway and not the main roadway . The incident led to a shutdown of Manhattan-to-Brooklyn bridge traffic for several hours . Demonstrators have said they take their inspiration from the Arab Spring protests that swept through Africa and the Middle East this year . The protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a simple campaign website calling for a march and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . It has gained steam since early September , with crowds taking up residence in a park in New York 's financial district and calling for 20,000 people to flood the area for a "  few months . " In recent weeks , the New York demonstrators have addressed various issues , including police brutality , union busting and the economy . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	A park in Lower Manhattan is crowded with "  Occupy Wall Street " protesters This effort began in July , and people have camped out there for 3 weeks now Similar efforts have sprung up in Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles and Seattle The movement is leaderless and its members have various "  political persuasions "
A suicide bomber driving a car packed with explosives killed at least 34 people and wounded 121 others at a police checkpoint in the southern Iraqi city of Hilla , police officials said on Sunday . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months . More than 700 Iraqis were killed and nearly 1,400 others were wounded in terrorist attacks and other violence in February , the United Nations has said . Militants took over a city council building days before Sunday 's attack happened at the entrance of the city , the police officials told CNN . Hilla is a predominantly Shiite Muslim city about 100 kilometers  60 miles  south of the capital , Baghdad . Two Iraqi journalists who worked at state-run Iraqiya TV died in the attack , the station reported . Violence has raged in the country in the past year , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed . Security forces have also been fighting insurgents from the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in western Anbar province , which borders Syria .	At least 34 people killed , 121 wounded in suicide attack Suicide bomber attacks police checkpoint in Hilla Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
With every attack by Islamist militants in northern Nigeria , Daniel Ayuba relives a nightmare . Two years ago , attackers planted a bomb near a car wash in Maiduguri . The explosion shattered his leg and left 80 % of his body covered in shrapnel . It also flattened cars and motorbikes , and left an entire neighborhood smoldering . "  I looked around me and there was fire burning , houses blown up and dead people , " said Ayuba , the scars still visible on most of his body . "  I kept on crying , crying for someone to come help me , but no one would come . " Ayuba is among a fast-growing list of Boko Haram victims . The Islamist militants have intensified their wave of terror targeting the north and beyond . And every attack gets more brazen . They swoop in on foot , motorcycles and car convoys . They hurl bombs and pull guns with lightening speed . In April the terrorist group attracted worldwide attention -- and condemnation -- when it abducted an estimated 276 girls in April from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . A few days earlier , the militants bombed a bus station , killing at least 71 people on the outskirts of the capital of Abuja . "  When I heard the news , I started crying , " Ayuba said . "  I said to myself , ` What 's wrong with these people ? ' " Father ambushed , killed In his case , the car wash bombing was not his first brush with the militants . Years before that , members of the terror group ambushed his father , a police officer , and sprayed his car with bullets . "  When my father arrived ... they came out , one of them shot him " in the head , he said . His father died . The lawless Borno state , whose capital is Maiduguri , is a major hot spot for the militants . So much so , it had banned motorbikes a few years ago to prevent drive-by attacks by Boko Haram . The group is known to use gunmen on motorbikes to kill . Ripple effects For nearly a year , Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states have been under a state of emergency due to the relentless assaults . The Islamist militant group has bombed churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- says it wants to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law . Violence related to the group killed 1,500 in the first three months of this year alone . As the Nigerian military battles the brutal militants , it 's breaking the rules as well . Rights group accuse both sides of ruthlessness -- Boko Haram of indiscriminate attacks , and the military of extrajudicial killings . And as the militants step up their attacks , Ayuba is just glad to be alive . "  It was God that saved me . He kept me alive on purpose , and I ask God every day to relieve that purpose to me , " he said . He walks away with a limp , his scars a symbol of an insurgency that will not be forgotten .	"  I looked around me and there was fire burning ... dead people , " victim says Boko Haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of this year The group is known to use gunmen on motorbikes to kill
CNN  -- Former Mexican President Vicente Fox has come out in favor of legalizing drugs in an attempt to disrupt the illegal markets that have turned parts of Mexico into battlegrounds . In a proposal published over the weekend on his website , Fox argued that drug addiction and drug-related violence should be treated as distinct and separate challenges . "  So , drug consumption is the responsibility of the person who consumes ; of the family who is responsible for educating ; and of the education system and the socioeconomic context , " wrote Fox , who was president from 2000 to 2006 . "  What we have to do is legalize the production , the sale and the distribution . " Although Fox and current President Felipe Calderon both hail from the conservative National Action Party , or PAN , their views diverge on the issue of how to combat drug violence . While Fox advocates weakening the cartels by legalizing their market , Calderon has launched an offensive against the drug cartels that has resulted in headline-grabbing drug-related violence in some parts of Mexico . According to the government , more than 28,000 people have been killed in the drug war since Calderon took office in 2006 . Fox said Mexican troops should return to the barracks . The army was not designed nor trained to fight organized crime , Fox said . Removing the troops would also ensure that soldiers would not cross the line into human rights abuses . In his proposal , Fox also called for the creation of a single national police to provide security , arguing that current state and local police bodies have become corrupted . Some teams from the military could be added to the new police force , he said . A third proposal was for citizens to directly elect police chiefs , commanders and others in charge of security . "  Legalizing in this sense does n't mean that drugs are good or do n't hurt those who consume , " Fox wrote . "  Rather , we have to see it as a strategy to strike and break the economic structure that allows the mafias to generate huge profits in their business . "	Vicente Fox says legalizing drugs is best way to destabilize the drug cartels Fox was president of Mexico from 2000-2006 His successor has taken the approach of fighting the drug cartels head-on
CNN  -- The collapse of the Rana Plaza garment factory in Bangladesh last week , which killed more than 500 workers , has highlighted serious issues with safety and poor pay for garment workers in the country . As our graphic illustrates , there are stark contrasts in the cost of making clothes in Bangladesh , compared to the U.S. . The garment industry accounts for 77 % of Bangladesh 's exports -- a $ 20 billion industry for the nation . The European Union , Bangladesh 's largest trade partner , said Tuesday that it was considering trade action against Bangladesh . U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said businesses that operated in the collapsed building "  appear to have links to numerous companies in the U.S. and Europe . " He added they would work with U.S. companies on "  improving working conditions , including in Bangladesh . " READ MORE : The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes READ MORE : Prime minister says Bangladesh is reforming its garment industry	The eight-storey Rana Plaza garment factory collapsed in Bangladesh last week More than 400 workers were killed , highlighting issues with safety and wages Our graphic illustrates the cost of making a denim shirt in the U.S. and Bangladesh
CNN  The 2022 World Cup should be played in November and December , but do n't worry -- the final wo n't ruin your Christmas holidays . A FIFA task force has recommended that the tournament in Qatar be moved from its traditional June and July slot , but the organization 's secretary general , Jerome Valcke , has told CNN that the final wo n't take place on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day . Football 's global governing body has been exploring ways to avoid playing the World Cup in the Gulf state during its scorching summer months . The task force , headed by Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al-Khalifa , also suggested the 2022 competition should be shortened . A final decision on when the tournament will be staged will be made at a meeting of FIFA 's executive committee between March 18 and 19 . The proposal to move football 's showpiece event to the European winter is likely to be met with disapproval by the continent 's top club teams . "  Yeah , very disappointed that 's the word , I think , on behalf of the all the European leagues and particularly the European clubs who provide most of the players for this World Cup , " said Richard Scudamore , chief executive of the English Premier League . The month of December is traditionally hectic in the English Premier League with games scheduled throughout the month , but even in Spain 's La Liga , Germany 's Bundesliga , Italy 's Serie A and France 's Ligue 1 , those leagues ' winter breaks do n't begin until well into December . Those European winter months are also when the continent 's premier club competition , the Champions League , plays its group stages . But UEFA , European football 's governing body , has supported the task force 's recommendation and said it would accommodate the proposed change by adjusting its competitions "  We are very pleased that , after careful consideration of the various opinions and detailed discussions with all stakeholders , we have identified what we believe to be the best solution for the 2018-2024 international match calendar and football in general , " Al-Khalifa said in a statement . "  It was a challenging task and I want to thank all members of the football community for their productive input and constructiveness in helping to find a solution that we believe can work for everyone . " Across the pond , rescheduling the Cup also promises to create conflicts , as Fox has the TV rights to the 2018 , 2022 and 2026 World Cups . November and December mark the latter parts of the extremely lucrative college and professional American football seasons , and Fox is one of three networks with rights to the National Football League through the 2022 season . The network has also been home to various college football games since 1998 . The National Basketball Association and college basketball seasons will also just be getting underway in November . Qatar 's time zone is two to three hours ahead of Europe and eight hours ahead of the U.S. East Coast .	"  Winter " Cup would conflict with European club football , U.S. football , basketball FIFA task force recommends 2022 World Cup be played in November and December Tournament to be moved from tradition June-July dates amid concerns over extreme heat
Madrid  CNN  -- Soccer star Lionel Messi and his father testified in a Barcelona court Friday in a preliminary hearing over allegations they defrauded Spanish tax authorities of more than $ 5 million . Prosecutors filed charges last June . Messi has denied any wrongdoing , and last August he and his father paid $ 6.75 million in back taxes plus interest . But a prosecution spokesman told CNN by phone that they still had to appear in court because they are potentially liable , if the matter goes to trial and they are convicted , to pay a fine of $ 10 million to $ 32 million and could be sentenced to up to four years in jail . The complaint centers on alleged tax fraud during 2007 , 2008 and 2009 . Prosecutors contend Messi and his father , aiming to lower their Spanish tax bill , sought to manage the player 's lucrative income from image rights through shell companies set up overseas . Messi , 26 , has a yearly salary from his club , FC Barcelona , of just over $ 20 million plus around $ 21 million in endorsements from sponsors including Adidas and PepsiCo . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation , " Messi posted on his Facebook page last June . His father , Jorge Horacio Messi , was first to arrive on Friday at a court in Gava , a Barcelona suburb chosen because the soccer star 's home is within its jurisdiction . Messi , a four-time world player of the year , arrived later and video images of the scene showed a crowd gathered to cheer on , and seek autographs from , the star who 's helped FC Barcelona stay atop the Spanish league standings this season . The closed-door hearings were held before an investigating magistrate and included prosecutors , the Messis and their lawyers , and a lawyer for Spain 's tax authority , said the prosecution spokesman . Messi testified for about 30 minutes and his father , for about an hour , earlier and separately , said Gemma Linan , a reporter for CNN affiliate 8tv , who was outside the courthouse . After the hearings , the lawyer for the Messis , Cristobal Martell , spoke briefly to reporters , promising total transparency and a willingness to collaborate and make sure taxes are paid , and adding that there had been no intent to defraud . "  We were told to do only one thing : to collaborate with the administration to clear up the facts showing the economic data , " Martell said , according to a translation by Reuters . "  The order we were given by the Messi family was to show transparency , clarity and collaboration . We proceeded as we did today with the only goal of showing transparency , and we have proven little aim for fraud and a clear will to regulate the situation with the State Agency for Tax Administration , in order to avoid any big fight with the state regarding the fiscal ruling . " The prosecution spokesman , who by custom is not identified , said that last Wednesday , just two days before the hearing , Martell tried to reach an out-of-court settlement with prosecutors for the Messis . Prosecutors proposed that both Messi and his father would plead guilty to tax evasion in the hearing , and would likely be fined about $ 10 million and receive a one-year sentence , which would not require time in prison because they have no prior convictions , the spokesman said . But Martell said the Messis were opposed . He proposed that only the father would make such a plea , in exchange for prosecutors and the court relieving Leo Messi of any responsibility . Prosecutors would not accept that based on Spanish law , the spokesman said . Inside the court , Messi 's father testified that he was in charge of the finances , and any blame would be his , and Lionel Messi was not involved , according to a prosecutor who talked to an ad hoc pool of Spanish journalists , Linan said . Messi , who arrived at Barcelona as a 13-year-old in 2000 , has won six Spanish Primera Liga titles and three Champions League crowns and scored an unparalleled 86 goals for the club and his national team , Argentina , in 2012 . FC Barcelona has refused comment on the case .	Soccer star Lionel Messi and his father are accused of tax fraud They have paid $ 6.75 million in back taxes and interest and deny wrongdoing Prosecutors say they could be fined up to $ 32 million and sentenced to four years in jail
CNN  Some music lovers did n't even know Beck had a new album out when he won the Grammy for album of the year for "  Morning Phase " on Sunday . Now it seems people ca n't stop talking about him . After rapper Kanye West looked to be about to crash the stage during Beck 's acceptance speech and then said the musician "  needs to respect artistry , and he should 've given his award to Beyonce , " there was a rush to defend Beck . West took umbrage with Beck 's surprise win over his friend Beyonce 's self-titled album . But in an open letter to West posted on her Facebook page , Garbage frontwoman Shirley Manson said it 's the rapper who needs to learn some respect . "  You disrespect your own remarkable talents and more importantly you disrespect the talent , hard work and tenacity of all artists when you go so rudely and savagely after such an accomplished and humble artist like Beck , " Manson wrote . "  You make yourself look small and petty and spoilt . " Even a dear friend of West 's has offered support for Beck . The rapper 's wife , Kim Kardashian , Instagrammed a photo of herself with singer John Legend and his wife , model Chrissy Teigen , in the Grammy audience . The photo shows the trio making faces and is captioned "  This is the Beck won that award face ?!?!?! " On Monday , Legend -- who is a longtime friend and collaborator of West 's -- tweeted congratulations to Beck , calling him "  a great artist " and explaining that the selfie was in fact taken before the artist 's win . According to Billboard , radio is rallying around Beck . "  It 's wonderful he is getting the accolades and the credit , " KROQ music director Lisa Worden told Billboard . "  Morning Phase is beautiful , and at this point for radio listeners , it is n't top-of-mind so the fact that he did win two huge awards means people will go back , listen to the album and buy it . " The attention has brought a 388 % increase in streams of his music , Spotify reported , including a 524 % increase in streams of "  Morning Phase . " And what does Beck think about all of the uproar ? It seems he did n't mind West almost crashing his win , telling Us Weekly that he thinks the rapper is a "  genius " and "  I was just so excited he was coming up . He deserves to be on stage as much as anybody . "  I thought she was going to win , " Beck said of his competition for the award . "  Come on , she 's Beyonce ! " How did Beck beat Beyonce ?	Garbage 's Shirley Manson criticized Kanye West in an open letter West said Beck should have given album of the year award to Beyonce His music is skyrocketing on Spotify , thanks to all the attention
CNN  -- A seventh minute goal from Brazilian teenager Alexander Pato proved enough to give AC Milan a 1-0 home victory over Fiorentina in a match totally dominated by Manchester City 's $ 150 million bid for playmaker Kaka this week . Pato  right  and David Beckham celebrate Milan 's only goal at the San Siro on Saturday evening . The goal was created by David Beckham who beat two defenders to a loose ball . He poked it back to Marek Jankulovski who played in Pato inside the penalty area . There still appeared no danger to the Fiorentina goal , but Pato hit a stunning strike from the left that went in off the far post . Fiorentina should have equalized on 66 minutes when Juan Vargas got to the byline and crossed to Mario Santana but the Argentine put his shot too close to goalkeeper Christian Abbiati who managed to save . The result leaves Milan in third place on 37 points , six points behind leaders and city rivals Inter , who have a game in hand . Jose Mourinho 's side travel to Atalanta on Sunday . Jankulovski collected a late red card for timewasting , but Milan held on to secure the three points . Meanwhile , Milan supporters made their opposition to the Kaka bid , and his possible departure , perfectly clear throughout the match -- unveiling a host of banners and singing songs pleading with the Brazilian to stay at the San Siro . Reggina remain deep in relegation trouble after suffering a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Siena . Mario Frick 's goal 15 minutes from time was enough to give the Bianconeri three points which sees them leapfrog Sampdoria and move up to the relative comfort of 14th spot . Siena in contrast , stay second from bottom and could slip to the foot of the Serie A standings if Chievo beat Napoli on Sunday .	Alexander Pato scores seventh minute goal as AC Milan defeat Fiorentina 1-0 The win puts Milan within six points of Serie A leaders and rivals Inter at top Milan supporters display displeasure at Kaka 's possible departure from club
CNN  -- Three Palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from Iraq , the U.N. refugee agency said on Friday . UNHCR goodwill ambassador Angelina Jolie visits the Al Waleed refugee camp in August . About 2,000 Palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the Syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency has appealed for the resettlement of "  vulnerable and sick " children in Al Waleed refugee camp at the Iraqi-Syrian border . One of those who died in the camp was a 3-year-old Palestinian boy who was suffering from rickets and pneumonia . He died a few days ago in a Ramadi hospital and then was buried in Al Waleed . The other was a 14-year-old suffering from Hodgkin 's disease who died in Baghdad last week . A 50-year-old man who was waiting to be resettled died earlier this month in Al Waleed . The agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in March 2006 . About 30 to 40 people arrive at the Al Waleed camp each week , the UNHCR reports . The agency has been pursuing medical resettlement . "  UNHCR has helped resettle one family of eight with several sick children from this camp to Norway last August . Another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , " the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases . And it is urging the resettlement of the entire group . "  UNHCR has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from Sudan and Chile , " the agency said . Thousands of Palestinians have lived in Iraq , with some going there when Israel was formed and others born there . The UNHCR notes that some got "  preferential treatment " under the regime of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein . But they have been the targets of violence since he was toppled . E-mail to a friend	U.N. agency appeals for medical resettlement of Palestinians in Iraq camps About 2,000 Palestinians in camps along Iraq-Syria border 30 to 40 refugees arrive at border camp each week , UNHCR says
CNN Student News  -- May 25 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Mexico Alaska ; Japan Waterloo , New York Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Assailants torched three trucks carrying fuel for U.S. and NATO forces Sunday in Pakistan 's southwestern Balochistan province , police said . Police official Nazeer Ahmed said four attackers ambushed the trucks in the Mastung district , just south of Quetta , near the border with Afghanistan . He said no one was injured during the attack , as the drivers escaped before the trucks were set ablaze . "  Roaring flames of fire can be seen from quite far away , " he said . Ahmed said the tankers were bound for Afghanistan , which is landlocked and relies heavily on Pakistani ports for imported goods . Attacks on fuel trucks have become common in Pakistan as assailants try to cut off supplies to NATO forces in Afghanistan and try to block the fuel supply for purported U.S. drones that allegedly target suspected militants in northwest Pakistan . The most recent attack came two days after assailants torched two tankers and killed a driver in another part of Balochistan .	Three Afghanistan-bound fuel trucks are torched , police say . The drivers escaped , an no one was injured On Friday , assailants torched two tankers and killed a driver Attacks on tankers are common , as assailants try to cut off supplies to NATO forces
Tensions between Israel and Hamas ratcheted up Monday after the bodies of three Israeli teenagers , kidnapped this month , were found in the West Bank . Israel , in no uncertain terms , blames the disappearances and deaths on Hamas . "  Hamas will pay , " said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri warned against escalation , saying that if Netanyahu "  brings a war on Gaza , the gates of hell will open to him . " The three bodies were found northwest of Hebron , according to the Israeli military , which said they were still in the process of being identified . The teens -- Eyal Yifrach , 19 ; Gilad Shaar , 16 ; and Naftali Frankel , a 16-year-old dual U.S.-Israeli citizen -- disappeared late June 12 or early June 13 from the Jewish settlement of Gush Etzion in the West Bank , the military said . "  Although the identification has not been officially confirmed , I would like to send my support and condolences to the Shaar , Frankel and Yifrach families , " Maj. Gen. Nitzan Alon , with the Israel Defense Forces , told reporters . He vowed to pursue those responsible . "  The war on terror continues . It did n't begin now and it will not be over soon , " Alon told reporters . "  We will do whatever it takes to deter Hamas and other terrorists and we 'll continue to fight terror using every legal means at our disposal . " An aunt of one of the victims told CNN she was still in shock . "  I 'm holding his picture and I see his smile , " said Leehy Shaar , Gilad Shaar 's aunt . "  He 's so young and innocent ... It 's just too sad to even imagine . " ` United in mourning ' Netanyahu called an emergency security Cabinet meeting about the issue Monday . "  All Israel tonight is united in mourning the three teens who were brutally murdered by the Hamas terrorists , " said Mark Regev , a spokesman for the Prime Minister , stressing that Israel will "  continue to act against Hamas in order to protect our people . " "  Hamas says every Israeli man , woman and child , every civilian , is a legitimate target for these sort of terrorist attacks , so we 're totally within our rights to protect ourselves against those Hamas terrorists who want to kill our people , " Regev said . When asked whether he holds the Palestinian Authority responsible in any way for the teens ' deaths , he responded : "  It 's clear that the terrorists came from areas under Palestinian Authority control and returned to territories under Palestinian Authority control . " The spokesman urged Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to annul his pact with Hamas . His comments were echoed by U.S. Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , chairman of the House Middle East and North Africa subcommittee ; and Ted Deutch , D-Florida , ranking member of that subcommittee . "  We will continue to support the government of Israel in its efforts to bring the perpetrators to justice , and we offer the people of Israel our deepest and most heartfelt condolences as we grieve with them . If it is determined that Hamas is behind this horrific tragedy , Abu Mazen must immediately break up the unity agreement between Fatah and Hamas , a U.S. designated foreign terrorist organization , " they said in a statetment . Abu Mazen is another name for Abbas , whose government now includes Hamas , which controls Gaza . Global outcry Abbas called an emergency meeting of his own . The Palestinian leadership is expected to meet Tuesday to discuss the developments . U.S. President Barack Obama , Pope Francis and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon were among world leaders condemning the killings Monday . "  As a father , I can not imagine the indescribable pain that the parents of these teenage boys are experiencing . The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms this senseless act of terror against innocent youth , " Obama said in a statement . He continued : "  From the outset , I have offered our full support to Israel and the Palestinian Authority to find the perpetrators of this crime and bring them to justice , and I encourage Israel and the Palestinian Authority to continue working together in that effort . I also urge all parties to refrain from steps that could further destabilize the situation . " Last week , the Israel Security Agency said it believed that two "  Hamas activists from Hebron " were behind the teens ' disappearances . It identified them as Marwan Qawasmeh , 29 , and Amar Abu-Isa , 32 . As Israeli media were reporting on the bodies ' discovery Monday night , Israeli forces were blocking roads into Hebron , a city in the southern West Bank . Fighter jets could be heard flying low over Gaza . Overnight into Tuesday , more than 40 Israeli airstrikes hit Gaza , according to Palestinian security and medical sources . The strikes targeted Hamas , Islamic Jihad and other militant groups , the sources said . The Israeli military later said that forces had carried out strikes against 34 targets in Gaza , targeting terror infrastructure , after the firing of 18 rockets at Israel since Sunday evening . Within days after the teens disappeared , Israeli security forces conducted an extensive search for them and detained more than 150 Palestinian suspects . Netanyahu blamed Hamas for the kidnappings almost immediately . A Hamas spokesman said in the days after the abductions that the Prime Minister 's comments attributing blame were "  stupid and baseless . " Also in the days after the abductions , the mother of one of the teenagers spoke to reporters . The three "  were just on their way home , " said Naftali 's mother , Racheli Frankel . "  We trust " that they "  will be with us here , and we 'll hug them soon . "	Israel carries out airstrikes against nearly three dozen targets in Gaza "  It 's just too sad to even imagine , " victim 's aunt tells CNN "  Hamas will pay " for the deaths , says the Israeli Prime Minister Hamas spokesman warns against escalation
CNN  -- The 2013 Australian Open will boast the biggest prize pool in the history of tennis , organizers announced Tuesday . The increase of $ 4.12 million will see players compete for their share of a record $ 31.1 million in January 's tournament in Melbourne . "  We are proud to announce this major increase in prize money , " Tennis Australia chief executive Steve Wood told the official website of the grand slam event . "  We have led the world in prize money for these incredible athletes and we want to ensure that the Australian Open continues to make a major contribution to the financial well being of professional tennis players . " Wood revealed that officials will seek the views of ATP Tour players regarding the breakdown of the prize purse to make sure lower ranked players received greater compensation for their efforts . Tournament director Craig Tiley said he would meet leading players Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray in Shanghai this weekend to discuss the issue , which had prompted reports of a possible player boycott of the opening grand slam of the season . Defending champion Djkokovic , who is playing the China Open in Beijing , welcomed the announcement after a three-set win over German qualifier Michael Berrer Tuesday . "  It 's a step forward , definitely , " the Serbian , who is a member of the ATP Player Council , told AFP . "  They have clearly shown understanding for players ' demands and what the players had to say , so that 's really nice to see . " "  But it 's not over yet , " he added . "  There are other grand slams that need to react , and we are still in negotiations and we are still doing it behind closed doors . " ATP chief executive Brad Drewett added : "  We welcome the increase in prize money for the 2013 Australian Open and acknowledge the ongoing efforts of Tennis Australia to recognise the role of the players in the success of the tournament . "  We also look forward with confidence to continuing these successful discussions with a view to a longer-term understanding . " Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , the third seed in Beijing , was also extended to three sets by Uzbekistan 's unseeded Denis Istomin before winning 4-6 6-1 7-6 . Meanwhile , U.S. Open champion Murray , who beat Djokovic in the final at Flushing Meadows , opened his account at the Japan Open with a 7-6 6-4 first-round win over Ivo Karlovic of Croatia . Like Djokovic , the Scot was playing his first match since the final grand slam of the season as he defends his title in Tokyo . The final of the Davis Cup between holders Spain and the Czech Republic , will take place at Prague 's O2 Arena , organizers announced Tuesday . A hard court surface will be laid for the match from November 16-18 and it will come hard on the heels of the final of the women 's Fed Cup on November 3-4 , where holders the Czech Republic take on Serbia at the same venue .	Australian Open boosts prize money for 2013 event to record $ 31.1 million Move designed to meet concerns of players over breakdown of prize purse Novak Djokovic welcomes decision after winning first round match at China Open Prague to host Davis Cup final between Czech Republic and Spain
CNN  -- Siri can help you find drugstores and bars , but the iPhone 4S digital assistant is clueless when it comes to the locations of abortion clinics , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . The advocacy group this week launched an online petition asking people to send e-mails to Apple saying that "  if Siri can tell us about Viagra , it should not provide bad or no information about contraceptives or abortion care . Send a message to Apple : Fix Siri . " "  Although it is n't clear that Apple is intentionally trying to promote an anti-choice agenda , it is distressing that Siri can point you to Viagra , but not the Pill , or help you find an escort , but not an abortion clinic , " the group wrote in a blog post Wednesday . "  We 're confident that the developers at Apple want to provide iPhone users with accurate information . " Apple said Thursday the omission was not intentional : "  Our customers want to use Siri to find out all types of information and while it can find a lot , it does n't always find what you want , " Apple spokeswoman Natalie Harrison said . "  These are not intentional omissions meant to offend anyone . It simply means that as we bring Siri from beta to a final product , we find places where we can do better and we will in the coming weeks . " In an informal test by CNN , Siri was able to provide some information about reproductive health services , including where you can buy a condom , but she still could not answer the question , "  Where can I get an abortion ? " The digital assistant 's reply : "  Sorry , I could n't find any abortion clinics . " When asked about Planned Parenthood , a group that provides reproductive health services , including abortions , Siri was able to locate a nearby clinic . Similarly , when asked where you could buy a condom , Siri recommended nearby drugstores . The virtual assistant was unable to decipher a request for the "  morning-after pill . " The Siri abortion questions started to become a point of online conversation this week , with bloggers raising the point that Siri was unable to locate abortion clinics . "  If abortion information is plentifully available on the interwebs , and Siri is pulling those types of requests from the Web , why does Siri not have an answer about birth control or abortion ? " one blogger wrote on a site called The Abortioneers . On a blog called Raw Story , Megan Carpentier wrote : "  In New York City , Siri does n't know what Plan B is and , asked for emergency contraception , offers up a Google results page of definitions . " Siri pulls from other Internet services to answer questions from iPhone owners . For small business listings , such as abortion clinics , the voice-controlled assistant searches Yelp . It looks to Google for information that would be contained in standard Web searches .	Siri , the iPhone 's digital assistant , ca n't direct users to abortion clinics The phone can field more specific requests , such as directions to Planned Parenthood Spokeswoman says Apple is working to fix the glitch and that the product is in beta The American Civil Liberties Union starts an online petition to raise complaints with Apple
CNN  -- Iran will test-fire missiles during "  war games " this week , the semiofficial Mehr News Agency reported Sunday . The three-day exercise , which began Monday , will target desert bases made to look like airbases of "  extra-regional powers , " the agency said . "  During the war games , long-range , medium-range , and short-range missiles will be used and will be fired from different points across the country at 100 designated targets , " Brig. Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh told reporters , according to Mehr . The point of the exercises , he said , is to give experts the chance to assess the "  precision and efficiency of warheads and missile systems , " the agency reported . The announcement came the same day that an embargo of Iranian oil from the European Union takes effect . The full embargo and other sanctions are meant to pressure Iran into giving up its nuclear program . Some 80 % of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , Iran has repeatedly insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes only . But it has rebuffed demands to halt its production of enriched uranium , and a November 8 report by the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog found "  credible " information that Tehran has carried out work toward nuclear weapons -- including tests of possible bomb components . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Report : The missiles will target bases made to look like airbases of "  extra-regional powers " The announcement comes the same day an EU oil embargo takes effect
CNN  -- The publicity whores are back . OK , they never really leave . We are able to avoid hearing from them for periods of time , but unfortunately , they always reappear -- typically when they have a book to sell or a new TV show to kick off or maybe when they feel ignored . This week , a handful of them crawled out from their subterranean colony . I wo n't even identify these Kings and Queens of Whoredom by name . They do n't deserve the attention . But we are all painfully familiar with them . They are a modern-day Legion of Doom . Their primary purpose is to elevate their own power or glory without regard to truth , justice or the American way . Why ca n't we simply ignore them ? Why ca n't we turn the other cheek and move on ? These people are like rashes : The more you scratch them , the worse they get . But when you ignore a rash , it usually goes away . Do we really need to hear another ridiculous or dumb comment from them ? Such as the millionaire with the grotesquely inflated ego and the equally grotesque hairstyle that looks as if a Pomeranian has been stapled to his scalp , the one who offered $ 5 million to see President Obama 's college transcript . Or the former governor who was once stumped by the question "  What newspapers and magazines did you regularly read ? " There 's also the smug comedian/host of a weekly cable talk show who has called the above publicity-driven politician vile names , including the "  C-word , " maybe as an effort to keep himself in the news . And , of course , who can forget the radio talk show host who infamously stated in the days before Barack Obama was sworn in as our president : "  I hope he fails . " Plus , there 's a B team of media bloodsuckers who are just about personal profit at any cost . In fact , one of the stars of this bush-league team publicly used the word "  retard " twice this week to describe Obama . Why use that word ? Perhaps it 's because , as of the writing of this article , her new book is floundering at No. 199 on Amazon.com 's sales list . Opinion : Sununu 's comment insults black Americans In contrast , the statements made by people in power -- or those seeking power -- about their political stances ca n't be ignored , even if they sound as extreme as the publicity whores . A recent example is when Republican U.S. Senate candidate Richard Mourdock stated , "  Even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape , that it is something that God intended to happen . " These words were not said by Mourdock in the hopes of personal profit or to inflame passions like those desperate for publicity . Rather , they offer a glimpse into his true feelings on the issue of rape and abortion . The media should cover this extensively so as to better inform voters . But too often , the media tend to follow big personalities who seek the spotlight . These publicity-seekers are like vampires who , instead of needing blood , must get attention to survive . It 's in their DNA . They will still subject someone to their stream of nonsense . It could be an unlucky person on line behind them at Starbucks , an unsuspecting taxi driver or anyone who stops for a few seconds to tie their sneakers on the sidewalk . Next time we hear these people spew their vile garbage , let 's collectively ignore them . Let 's not become outraged or demand apologies . Let 's go on with our business , and maybe -- just maybe -- the media will follow suit . Recently , I noticed a scab covering a small cut on my hand . When I picked at it , it became bigger and took up more of my attention . But when I left it alone , it healed . It disappeared without a trace . Let 's hope the same happens with the publicity whores . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : There are people who always seek attention and the spotlight Obeidallah : Do we really need to hear another ridiculous comment from them ? Statements made by people in power -- or those seeking it -- ca n't be ignored , he says Obeidallah : Next time we hear these people spew their garbage , let 's walk away
CNN  Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it . The photographer , Daniel Ramos , had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in July 2013 at Los Angeles International Airport . West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . A judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . Ramos and his lawyer , Gloria Allred , sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit , saying that West had interfered with the photographer 's rights to pursue a lawful occupation . The case had been set for trial next week , but Allred issued a statement Tuesday night saying Ramos ' side had filed a dismissal "  because the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties . " She did n't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying that "  one important aspect of it was an apology by Kanye West to our client , Daniel Ramos . " Her statement included a picture of West and Ramos shaking hands , which she said happened after the apology . The original incident was caught on video , including the following exchange . "  Kanye ! Kanye ! Talk to me , Kanye ! " Ramos shouts outside a terminal at the Los Angeles airport on the night of July 19 , 2013 . "  What 's ' going on ? Why ca n't we talk to you ? I mean , why ? " he asks as West moves through a group of paparazzi . "  Now come on , Kanye , I do n't want to fight with you , " he says as West advances toward him . "  I told you , do n't talk to me , right , " West says . "  You 're trying to get me in trouble so I step off and have to pay you like $ 250,000 . " West is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands . West retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer . "  We believe that this case sent an important message , " Allred said . "  Celebrities are not above the law , and they have no right to physically attack someone simply because they were asked a question . " Beverly Hills Police investigated an incident in January 2014 in which West was accused of assaulting a man at a Beverly Hills chiropractor 's office . West avoided criminal charges by reaching a civil settlement with the man . Kanye West apologizes to Beck , Bruno Mars CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The rapper assaulted the photographer at Los Angeles International Airport in 2013 West apologized as part of the settlement , the photographer 's lawyer says
CNN  -- World Cup CEO Danny Jordaan has said South Africa is ready for the start of the 2010 World Cup which begins on 11 June , as the Australian national team became the first participating side to arrive in the host country . The Socceroos landed in Johannesburg on Wednesday evening , where they will train for their opening group match of the World Cup against Germany on 13 June . "  We are pleased to welcome Australia as the first team to arrive in our country . We all know that the stadiums are all ready , everything is in place and now the teams are finally here , " Jordaan told the official FIFA Web site . "  More importantly though , our people are ready . From now , we have to concentrate on the kickoff match in a few days ' time . " Wednesday also saw the official handover of the brand-new Cape Town Stadium -- which reportedly cost $ 350 million to build -- in the presence of FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke . Another 90,000 World Cup tickets will go on sale to the public on Friday morning -- including tickets for the opening games , semifinals and final . FIFA have also said that there are approximately 160,000 tickets -- out of the total 2.88 million available -- which remain unsold . Five-time World Cup winners Brazil joined Australia in South Africa on Thursday -- their opening match against North Korea will take place on 15 June at Johannesburg 's Ellis Park Stadium . "  I am very impressed by the Brazilian team , " the chairman of the 2010 FIFA World Cup Organizing Committee South Africa , Irvin Khoza told the FIFA Web site . "  The arrival of Brazil gives great confidence to all South Africans that this World Cup is really happening . " Meanwhile , the host nation registered a morale-boosting 2-1 victory over Colombia in Johannesburg on Thursday night , with all three goals coming from the penalty spot . Midfielder Teko Modise put Bafana Bafana ahead in the 18th minute in front of a crowd of 75,000 in the first international match at the new Soccer City stadium , though he was lucky to have a second attempt after the referee ruled that goalkeeper David Ospina moved too early before saving his first effort . Giovanni Moreno leveled three minutes later for Colombia , who did not qualify for the World Cup , with a spot-kick after Adrian Ramos was fouled . Striker Katlego Mphela 's 58th-minute winner left South Africa unbeaten in nine matches since Carlos Alberto Parreira returned for his second spell as coach . Parreira 's team continue their preparations against Guatemala on Monday before a June 5 clash with fellow finalists Denmark , who won 2-0 at home to Senegal on Thursday . Earlier , Honduras drew 2-2 with Belarus in Austria , while Chile beat Zambia 3-0 with two goals from Italy-based striker Alexis Sanchez and fellow South American qualifiers Uruguay crushed Israel 4-1 after a late double from substitute Sebastien Abreu .	Australia is first football team to arrive in South Africa ahead of the World Cup The Socceroos were the first team to qualify and will play Germany in their first match Five-time winners Brazil also arrived in South Africa on Thursday 90,000 extra World Cup tickets will go on sale on Friday morning
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The butt -- in more ways than one -- of a thousand puerile schoolboy jokes , methane , in the form of natural gas , has for some time now been used to fuel cars and other modes of transport  the Honda Civic GX , which uses natural gas , has been rated the cleanest car on earth  . "  Amanda " is the world 's first train to run exclusively on biogas Despite producing 25 percent less CO2 than petrol or diesel , however , natural gas is still a fossil fuel , and burning it results in the emission of significant amounts of atmospheric pollution . As a "  biogas " , however -- derived from recently living organic matter -- methane is far less environmentally damaging since the CO2 it gives off is immediately reabsorbed by plants and thus adds little to the net sum of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere . Methane biogas is already being used in projects around the globe to generate electricity -- in China and India , indeed , it has been employed for decades -- and is attracting increasing interest from the car industry as a source of renewable energy . Now a company in Sweden has developed a novel and environmentally sustainable -- if somewhat gruesome -- method of actually obtaining methane : boiling cow intestines . The digestive tracts of all living creatures produce methane , a by-product of the action of bacteria breaking down ingested food matter . Because cows have four stomachs , they create considerably more of the gas than any other animal -- 75 percent of the total methane produced by all animals . To date no viable method has been devised to capture this gas as it erupts from either end of the cow . Swedish company Svenska Biogas , however , are currently doing the next best thing : taking the bits of cows that would otherwise be discarded during the slaughter process -- stomach and intestines primarily , but also udders , blood and parts of the liver and kidneys -- and extracting the residual methane directly from them . "  Depending on the cow 's size , we can get 80-100 kilos of material from each animal , " Carl Lilliehook , Managing Director of Svenska Biogas told CNN . "  These are all the things that would otherwise be classified as food-process waste and either incinerated or disposed of in landfill sites . "  This material is then heated at 70 degrees centigrade for one hour to boil off the impurities , and put in a digester for one month , where micro-organisms break it down , producing a mixture of methane and CO2 which is drawn out of the top of the digester . " Having been "  upgraded " -- filtered through water to remove as much of the CO2 as possible -- the resultant methane biogas is then used to fuel cars , taxis , rubbish trucks and the 70-strong bus-fleet in Linkoping , the town where Svenska Biogas is based . "  We have been running this system for two years , and are now taking 54,000 tonnes of slaughterhouse waste each year , " explains Lilliehook , "  Mainly from cows , but also from pigs and chickens . "  From this we are able to produce five million cubic meters of biogas . Linkoping 's seventy buses use three million cubic meters annually , and the rest fuels other vehicles such as cars and dust carts . " The boiled-gut biogas is even being used to power "  Amanda , " a train that runs the 116 kms between Linkoping and Vastervik and the world 's first train to be powered solely by biogas  the entrails of one cow , it is estimated , are enough to fuel the train for four kilometers , making Linkoping-Vastervik a 29-cow one-way journey , or a 58-cow return  . The decomposed stew of innards from which the gas has been extracted , meanwhile , is employed as bio-fertilizer by local farmers , ensuring that the whole process leaves no waste . As well as cow guts , Svenska Biogas is also producing biogas from sewage and organic plant matter , but it is their pioneering intestinal work that is attracting the most attention . Already two other companies in Sweden are doing the same thing , and there has been interest from countries around the world , including the UK , Ireland , South Korea , China , India and Argentina  the latter alone dumps the guts of 35 million slaughtered cows annually in landfill sites  . Arnold Schwarzenegger , as governor of California , has been in touch with a view to introducing the technology to the U.S. "  I 've even had discussions with someone from Uganda " says Lilliehook . "  Apparently President Museveni had heard about our biogas train and wanted to have something similar in his own country . " Lilliehook accepts that cow guts are not necessarily going to provide the definitive solution to global warming . In the week that the U.N. under-secretary general for humanitarian affairs warned that the world is already in the grip of a climate change "  mega-disaster , " however , he believes that they have an important role to play . "  I certainly think that this is a technology that can help to reduce greenhouse gases , " Lilliehook told CNN . "  True it costs more than petrol or diesel -- you need 20 percent more biogas to give the same amount of energy -- but the environmental benefits in terms of waste disposal and cleaner emissions are enormous . "  Biogas is definitely the way forward . " So far as methane biogas is concerned , the winds of change would definitely seem to be blowing . ... . Biogas-driven transport : a promising avenue or a load of hot air ? Share your thoughts and read others ' comments in the Just Imagine forum .	Swedish company extracts methane from fermented cow guts Methane biogas an important renewable energy source World 's first train powered solely by biogas Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ugandan president interested
Algeria  CNN  -- All eyes are on Algeria following the hostage crisis at a BP gas facility that left at least 37 hostages -- and dozens of militants -- dead . And while we 're uncovering details of what happened at the remote desert complex at In Amenas and why , we must also scrutinize what this crisis tells us about security in North Africa , or the Maghreb . This tragedy is the outcome of a larger series of events that can not be separated from its transnational -- and especially regional -- context . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants The Maghreb , or "  Arab West , " encompasses Algeria , Libya , Mauritania , Morocco , Tunisia , and Western Sahara , spanning from the southern rim of the Mediterranean well into the Sahara . Some argue it also includes Chad , Mali , and Niger , where national borders are porous . The Maghreb region is tied together by these nations ' historical , commercial , religious and , more recently , ideological exchanges . Despite decades of French and Italian rule , these links between the people and communities of the region never disappeared -- in fact , they have moved to the fore in the past decade , and accelerated since the Arab Spring . Read more : At least 37 hostages killed in Algeria gas plant standoff , prime minister says Transnational origins of the crisis How do al Qaeda and other jihadi Islamist movements figure in the context of the region ? The antecedents of the transnational al Qaeda of the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  are linked to disparate elements of the jihadist movement that lost the 1990s Algerian civil war -- among them Moktar Belmoktar , the one-eyed Algerian militant who claimed responsibility for In Amenas . Though initially based in northern Algeria , they have been present in southern Algeria , northern Mali and Niger for a decade . Initially involved in smuggling cigarettes , cars , drugs , and weapons , the movement has more recently engaged in kidnappings in the Saharan regions that have generated millions of dollars in ransoms . In 2007 many of these groups officially rallied to al Qaeda . Read more : American killed in Algeria hostage standoff ` really , truly felt safe there ' The fall of Ben Ali during the Tunisian revolution in 2011 emboldened citizens in neighboring Libya to rise against Moammar Gadhafi . But as Libya 's NATO-supported rebels closed in on Gadhafi , truckloads of arms left for Northern Mali . The colonel had actively recruited ethnic Tuaregs from Mali and Niger to form a hard core within his armed forces . With no place to go in a post-Gadhafi Libya , many rallied to Azawad , their homeland in northern Mali . Perhaps emboldened by liberation in Tunisia and Libya , in January 2012 , the National Liberation Movement of Azawad  MNLA  and Ansar Dine , the most prominent Tuareg armed groups , launched a rebellion that pushed the government from northern Mali . While the MNLA declared an independent Tuareg state called Azawad , the armed group Ansar Dine rallied to AQIM and another splinter group , the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa  MUJAO  . Read more : Algeria attack may have link to Libya camps Together , the three announced their aims to push the rebellion to the capital Bamako to impose an Islamic state . With a war chest filled with monies from smuggling , drugs and ransoms , AQIM has purchased sophisticated weaponry smuggled from Libya . It too has been effective in recruitment -- of all the armed movements in northern Mali , none can match its international reputation , puritanical ideology , and potential for wealth accumulation . France intervened in Mali earlier this month when the Jihadist alliance began to push into central and southern Mali . The jihadi front led by AQIM threatened reprisals on France and its allies . On January 16 , 2013 , members of the "  Signed in Blood Batallion , " an AQIM splinter group , led by Belmokhtar , attacked In Amenas . The breakdown of nationalities represented in the team reveals the degree to which AQIM has become the nexus for trans-regional jihadism : Eleven of the 32 terrorists were Tunisian , the remaining twenty-two included Canadians , Egyptians , Malians , Mauritanians , and Nigerians . The group itself is led by an Algerian . The attack was planned in Mali , launched from Libya , and executed in Algeria . Read more : Algeria attack changes terror landscape in North Africa Transnational ramifications The ramifications are trans-regional in the Maghreb and Sahara . To the south , the jihadi alliance is likely to be dispersed by the joint ECOWAS-French military intervention . The crisis will likely spill into neighboring Mauritania and Niger , as rebel groups flee French air strikes -- just as the Libyan war spilled into Mali . A humanitarian crisis looms . In the Maghreb , the event will have ramifications for moderate Islamist political parties recently elected to power . Moderate Algerians who have participated in the political system for the last decade and a half have been destabilized . The Islamist Movement for a Society of Peace  MSP  , still reeling from an electoral defeat in the May legislative elections , and a schism within the party , has imploded . Two days after the attack , MSP leader Bouguerra Soltani announced he was quitting the party leadership . The announcement passed virtually unnoticed by a public disabused of political Islam , and which had rallied behind its army to a degree not witnessed in many years . Many refer to the In Amenas attack as the "  Algerian 9/11 . " Read more : Former al Qaeda captive ` not surprised ' by Algeria attack While the Ennahda-led coalition in Tunisia denounced the attack , the crisis will likely have an important impact on domestic Tunisian politics . The hostage crisis occurred almost two years to the date of Tunisia 's 14 January Revolution . There is a broad perception that insecurity has increased in Tunisia since the flight of Ben Ali , as well as popular feeling that the Ennadha government is doing little to protect citizens from an increasingly violent Salafi , or puritanical movement . Post-Arab Spring blues The In Amenas attack underscores the importance of viewing Saharan terrorism as part of a broader , region-wide political development . Just as ideas of freedom , justice , and dignity buttressing the Arab Spring have snowballed across the region , jihadist movements have likewise spread , destabilizing democratic aspirations across the region . The halcyon period of the post-Arab Spring is over . Moderate political Islam in Algeria is on the decline , Islamists fared poorly in Libyan elections , and Ennahda opponents are gaining public support as they rally under the banner of security in Tunisia . Read more : Insider 's account of rescue in Algeria The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert P. Parks .	The Algeria hostage crisis left dozens of hostages and militants dead Robert P. Parks says this highlights the security issues in North Africa ` This tragedy is the outcome of a larger series of events , ' says Parks How do al Qaeda and other jihadi Islamist movements figure in region 's context ?
Pushing her meal cart into the hospital room , a research assistant hands out tall glasses of reddish-pink liquid , along with a gentle warning : "  Remember , you guys have to finish all your Kool-Aid . " One by one , young volunteers chug down their drinks , each carefully calibrated to contain a mix of water , flavoring and a precisely calibrated solution of high fructose corn syrup : 55 % fructose , 45 % glucose . The participants are part of an ongoing study run by Kimber Stanhope , a nutritional biologist at the University of California , Davis . Volunteers agree to spend several weeks as lab rats : their food carefully measured , their bodies subjected to a steady dose of scans and blood tests . At first , each volunteer receives meals with no added sugars . But then , the sweetened drinks start showing up . For the final two weeks of the study , volunteers drank three of the sweet concoctions daily -- about 500 calories of added sugar , or 25 % of all calories for the adult women in the study . Within just two weeks , their blood chemistry was out of whack . In one striking change , the volunteers had elevated levels of LDL cholesterol , a risk factor for heart disease . While force-feeding junk food may sound extreme , this controlled diet is not so far from the real world . A 20-ounce regular soda contains 227 calories , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture  USDA  . That single drink is more than 10 % of the total calories an adult woman needs to maintain a healthy weight , according to USDA diet guidelines . Meanwhile , about 1 in 4 Americans gets at least 200 calories a day from sugary drinks . These numbers , along with work like Stanhope 's , gives ammunition to doctors and public health officials who say soda should be treated as public health enemy No. 1 . "  Soft drinks and sugar-containing beverages are the low hanging fruit in public health today , " says Dr. David Ludwig , director of the New Balance Foundation Obesity Prevention Center , at Children 's Hospital in Boston . "  Many children are consuming 300 calories per day or more , just in sugar-containing beverages . Compare the challenge of giving up three glasses of sugary beverages , versus getting them to do two hours of moderate physical activity . " "  If you switch from Coke to water , that 's easy , " says Elizabeth Mayer-Davis , a professor at the University of North Carolina and a recent president of the American Diabetes Association . "  You do n't have to make big complicated changes in how you cook , and shop , and all that . And the number of calories you can save , can be substantial . " Related story : Are sugar substitutes worse than the real thing ? Some in the soft drink business say their product has been unfairly singled out . "  Consumption of added sugars is going down , " says Karen Hanretty , Vice-President of Public Affairs for the American Beverage Association . "  Soda consumption has declined , even as obesity has increased . To say that sugar is solely responsible for obesity , does n't make sense . " Coca-Cola has adapted to meet consumer demand , says Rhona Applebaum , the company 's Vice President and Chief Scientific Regulatory Officer . More than ever , she says , those consumers choose low-sugar products . Today , Diet Coke and Coke Zero make up 41 % of Coke 's North American soda sales , up from 32 % a decade ago . "  Our products are part of a balanced , sensible diet , and they can be enjoyed as a valuable part of any meal , including snacks , " says Applebaum . Buried in the flood of horror stories about America 's obesity crisis , are a few hopeful signs . Not only is sugar consumption going down , but obesity rates among girls and women have actually stayed flat since 1999 , according to Cynthia Ogden , a scientist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  . For boys and men , those levels have increased only modestly since around 2006 , Ogden says . Coincidentally or not , the leveling off of obesity coincides with a drop in the amount of soda that Americans consume . Consumption of soda -- both regular and diet -- has fallen by 17.3 % since 1998 , according to Beverage Digest . Eatocracy : How I kicked my Coke habit Of course soda is n't the only concern . An 8-ounce glass of fruit punch or apple juice has nearly 130 calories . The same glass of chocolate milk has more than 200 -- a solid 20 percent of all recommended daily calories . Overall , added sugars -- which includes both natural sugar , and high fructose corn syrup -- make up about a sixth of all calories taken in , according to USDA figures . Somewhat more than a third of those sugars come from soda and other drinks . That 's why most people who take a hard look at American diets say that cutting out sweetened drinks , is the first step for anyone struggling with weight or diabetes . "  If we create the assumption that doing one thing will reduce the epidemic -LSB- of obesity -RSB- , we 're making a mistake , " says Dr. William Dietz , director of the CDC 's Division of Nutrition , Physical Activity , and Obesity . "  But within the dietary side , we have to focus on where the biggest action is . " The action , says Dietz and others , lies with sugar and its close cousin , high-fructose corn syrup  HFCS  . Most sweet drinks , including nearly all soda in the United States , use HFCS . Not everyone agrees they 're equivalent . While most studies show that table sugar and HFCS play an equal role in weight gain , some research suggests that HFCS -- which usually contains 10 % more fructose than sucrose -- is more likely to change the body 's metabolism , in ways that can increase risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes . But most scientists say the differences are subtle . That includes even Stanhope , whose work has focused on comparing the effects of fructose and other sugars . In terms of advising patients or making public health policy , she says , there is n't much difference . "  I think we really , at this point , need to treat them all alike . " "  Are sweetened drinks the only reason we have epidemics of obesity and diabetes ? No , they 're not , " says Mayer-Davis , the past ADA president . "  But sometimes the easy answer , is the answer . "	About 1 in 4 Americans gets at least 200 calories a day from sugary drinks Although soda consumption has declined , U.S. obesity has increased Many experts say cutting sweetened drinks would fight obesity or diabetes Soft drink industry says their product has been unfairly singled out
CNN  -- Britney Spears is about to hit the Strip . The singer has announced that she will do a two-year residency at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas with a show titled "  Britney : Piece of Me . " According to the resort 's website , the show will be "  a celebration of one of the most illustrious careers in music history , featuring 20 worldwide smashes from one of the most iconic artists ever to grace the stage . Audiences of all ages will be thrilled as Britney re-imagines her greatest past performances and offers a glimpse of brand new material from her highly-anticipated eighth studio album . " Fans have been eagerly awaiting Spears ' new album , and she recently released the new track "  Work B *** h " after the single was leaked . Spears made the announcement about her residency Tuesday morning on "  Good Morning America . " "  I love Vegas , " she said on "  GMA . " "  The energy here is really , really good . " Tickets go on sale September 20 , and the shows will start December 27 .	Spears will play at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas Resort says the show is not just for Spears fans It comes as fans eagerly await her new album
Hong Kong  CNN  -- More Japanese factories and businesses in China shuttered Tuesday as an East China Sea island dispute threatens to drag relations between Asia 's two largest economies to their lowest point since World War II . Meanwhile , Baidu -- China 's most popular search engine -- waded into the dispute by showing a cartoon image of the Chinese flag over the disputed island on its homepage . Clicking on the image revealed a page headlined "  Diaoyu Island is China 's ! " The page had an interactive feature asking web users to place a virtual flag on a map of the islands . By 2:30 p.m. China time , nearly 2.7 million people had planted virtual flags , according to the site . Baidu is a public Chinese company traded on Nasdaq , and also operates a Japanese language search engine . However , the image was not posted to its Japanese website . "  The real intent of this is to exhort people toward a more rational form of patriotism and show fact , and not fan flames of patriotic ardor , " said Kaiser Kuo , director of international communication for Baidu . "  We want people to be more rational in their patriotic outpouring ... planting a digital flag is a whole lot better than throwing rocks and smashing cars . " In a note Tuesday , ratings agency Fitch warned that the credit ratings of Japanese auto and technology manufacturers could come under pressure "  if the clash between China and Japan over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands escalates and is prolonged . Opinion : Politics by mob in China "  A number of Japanese companies , including Panasonic , have temporarily suspended production at some of their Chinese facilities as anti-Japanese demonstrations demanding a boycott of their products flared across 85 cities in China at the weekend . " Nissan , Mazda , Honda and Toyota suspended operations at some of their Chinese automotive plants , as have electronics makers Canon and Panasonic . Nearly 200 7-11 stores in Beijing and Chengdu , owned by Japanese company Seven & I Holdings , as well as 13 Ito Yokado supermarkets will be closed through Wednesday "  to maintain the safety of employees , " company spokesperson Katsuhiko Shimizu said . Fears are high that demonstrations Tuesday -- the anniversary of Japan 's 1931 invasion of China -- may repeat scenes of violence which saw a Panasonic factory lit on fire , Japanese restaurants and department stores ransacked and Japanese cars smashed and overturned . Meanwhile , a Japanese Coast Guard official told CNN Tuesday that a Chinese fisheries patrol boat has entered the disputed waters and a Japanese vessel will attempt to warn the ship away . Tensions in the dispute , a perennial source of nationalistic anger on both sides of the East China Sea , rose on September 10 after Japanese government agreed to buy the uninhabited islands from its private Japanese owners . China claims historical ownership of the island chain , while Tokyo maintains it has been in Japanese hands since 1895 . The islands â $ " known as the Senkakus in Japan and Diaoyu in China -- were administered by the U.S. occupation force after World War II . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . The islands sit among popular fishing waters and are also believed to be rich in oil resources . Ownership of the chain would allow exclusive commercial rights in the seas surrounding the islands . China 's fishing moratorium in the East China Sea ended on Sunday , raising concern that as more Chinese trawlers enter the area , so raises the likelihood of conflict . China 's Ministry of Agriculture issued a statement saying the "  surrounding waters of Diaoyu Island and its affiliated islets are traditional fishing grounds for generations of Chinese fishermen , " Beijing 's CNTV reported Monday . Last Friday , China 's state-run agency reported that six Chinese maritime surveillance ships entered the island chain and began patrols and "  law enforcement , " China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Sales of Japanese car brands in China were down 2 % compared to a year ago , China Association of Automobile Manufacturers said last week . Meanwhile , sales of foreign brands from Germany , the U.S. , South Korea and France were up 25 % , 19 % , 12 % and 4 % respectively . Anti-Japanese protests in China on symbolic anniversary CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this story	NEW : Chinese language search giant Baidu wades into the Japan-China territorial clash More Japanese factories and businesses in China shuttered Tuesday over island dispute Fitch : credit ratings of Japanese firms could come under pressure if dispute escalates Nearly 200 7-11 stores , owned by a Japanese company , were closed in Beijing and Chengdu
CNN  -- Last month , thousands of people in Saudi Arabia opened up their newspapers to find a full-page picture of a woman with a black eye clearly visible underneath her burqa . Below the image ran the slogan in Arabic , "  Some things ca n't be covered " , and a list of phone numbers for local domestic abuse shelters . In a culture that tends to turn a blind eye to the issue of violence towards women , it was a shocking and powerful image . "  It 's a problem that 's been swept under the carpet for years , " says Scott Abbott , the creative director for Memac Ogilvy , the Riyadh-based agency responsible for the advert . When Ogilvy approached the King Khalid Foundation , a charity that focuses on issues of advocacy and developing the country 's non-profit sector , they were n't sure what type of reaction to expect . "  I think that there was always a real concern that , given the subject matter , it would never get through , " says Abbott . A major push came from Saudi princess HRH Banderi A.R. Al Faisal , the foundation 's director . Though the campaign has captured the public 's attention , both within Saudi and abroad , where an English version has made the rounds online , Al Faisal says she does n't see the ad as shocking . "  My media and PR team were a bit nervous going into this , saying , ` Are you sure you want to do this ? ' " she admits . "  I did n't understand why . I do n't understand what is so controversial . Who will say , ` Yes , it 's ok for women to be beaten up ' ? " Read more : Women directors find acclaim worldwide Saudi women are legally reliant on the permission of their male guardians to travel freely , driving is still a socially contentious issue and there are no laws that protect victims of domestic abuse . According to Al Faisal , however , change is in the air . "  For several years , domestic abuse was sort of the elephant in the room . There was nowhere for a woman to go if she was abused because a system was n't set up to handle that , " she admits . Though the issue is still not completely out in the open , she notes the last few years has seen a rise in shelters that cater to female victims of violence . It has been a watershed year for women 's rights in the conservative country . So far , women have been accepted into the government 's advisory Shura Council , given the right to vote , gained entry into a range of new professions  including engineering and law  and granted permission to have their own IDs without guardian permission . Adam Coogle , a Middle East researcher at Human Rights Watch , admits that though these measures are impressive , more needs to be done to protect women inside the country . "  There are no laws that protect women specifically . If , for example , a woman claims rape , and a man says it was consensual , she can face a counter charge of adultery , " he says . Though there is currently no law that punishes a man for beating his wife , the King Khalid Foundation has prepared legislation that would do just that . In fact , it is the pending bill , which would decide the punitive measures abusers could face  a mix of imprisonment , financial restitution and loss of custody  , that spurred the campaign to begin with . Last year , the Shura Council pushed through similar legislation the foundation helped pen protecting the rights of children in abusive situations . Al Faisal is confident that the drafted legislation will meet with the same level of success . Read more : The Saudi museum with more Facebook likes than the Louvre Coogle , however , says that Saudi still needs to overcome considerable social hurdles before the situation improves . "  Women who speak out about emotional abuse or neglect often face societal judgments . There is a prevalent attitude that if a man hits his wife , it 's acceptable , because she 's not being a good wife . " Coogle points to a ten year old study in the Journal of Muslim Affairs where Saudi men were polled on whether they ever hit their wives -- 53 % answered yes . Al Faisal agrees that the Saudi mindset has to change and notes that a major obstacle is the naturally guarded nature of the culture . "  This is a very private society , and we tend to try to deal with things discreetly . We do not air our dirty laundry in public , as families or as communities , " she says . "  The negative side of that discretion is that it allows abusive behavior to thrive , because it is not stopped . " A main goal of the campaign is to create a countrywide social dialogue . In that regard , says Abbott , the campaign has been successful . "  Outside of the two days of ads we ran , it 's been printed on the front page of national newspapers , " he says . "  People are talking about it , and it 's been largely well-received . "	Saudi Arabia has launched its first anti-domestic abuse ad campaign Domestic abuse is not currently criminalized in Saudi Arabia , and there are no laws protecting women from violence The King Khalid Foundation has timed the campaign to push an anti-abuse law it drafted last year
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- If the "  personology " believers had their way , they 'd want you to judge every book by its cover . Well , actually , they 'd want you to judge every person by his or her facial features . Because practitioners of personology , which is a form of face reading , believe the features on our face tell , literally , the inside story of what kind of person we are . The theory of reading personality traits in facial features dates back to Aristotle . Nobody is more passionate about this facial fact-finding than the president of Face Language International , Naomi Tickle  her real name  . Tickle has devoted her life to the study of personology , and she informs us in a lovely British accent that this is no fleeting New-Age fad . "  A judge in the 1920s developed the system that we use today , " she says . "  He initially came up with about 200 traits and then narrowed it down to 68 traits with 92 percent accuracy . It goes across all cultures , so no matter where you are in the world , if you see a certain feature in a face , it is going to mean exactly the same thing in terms of personality . " So what are there traits that Tickle is talking about ? Well , for example , she says "  Somebody who has very close-set eyes is very good with detail . They do n't like being interrupted , and they do n't like people being late . They like people to be on time . "  The flip side of that , " she adds , "  is they can focus on things that are n't working till it becomes bigger than life . A person with wide-set eyes is much more laid back , she continued . "  They are the multi-task people . They 're the ones that say , ` Oh I can do this and I can do that and I can do that as well , ' and because of this behavior , they have a tendency to run late . " What ? You 're skeptical ? Well , let 's face it : It 's hard for some of us to believe that our idiosyncrasies could be governed by the shape of our head or the placement of our eyes . But the theory goes back much further than the 1920s . In fact , it dates back to Aristotle , who wrote a treatise on physiognomy , or the idea that one 's temperament can be discerned from his or her outward features . This later morphed into an odder head-reading trend known as the criminal head bump indicator , or phrenology . But do n't lump  ahem  these items in with personology . Tickle says her method goes by the numbers . "  We actually measure the eye to determine the distance , " she says . "  We measure the width of the eye , and we measure the space between them to see which is the bigger of the two . And so if the eye is bigger than the space between the eyes , this person is very tolerant and very good with details . " Health for Her : Watch more on the theory of personology . " She asserts that "  thousands and thousands of people " report 100 percent accuracy on the personology analysis . But personology does n't just focus on the eyes ; the entire face is open for interpretation . Take for example facial width . "  The narrow-face individual builds their confidence through knowledge , " Tickle says . "  When they get into new situations , there is a lot of hesitancy . But once they know what they are doing , they are off and running , whereas the wide-faced person will be much more self-confident . They are comfortable just winging it . " And what about our noses , sitting there smack dab in the middle of our face . With noses , shape is the key , Tickle says . "  You have to really look at that from the side profile . The Roman-shaped nose is a bossy nose . It likes to be in charge . They are also very aware of costs . How much it costs . ` Is it worth it ? Can I get it for less ? ' Those are Roman nose-shaped questions . The ski-jump nose is a monetary carefree nose , one that likes to spend all their money without a care about saving for tomorrow . " Personology can be helpful in relationships , she says . For instance , if a Roman nose were to get involved with a ski-jump nose , the difference in the way each handles money might lead to a lot of conflict . Finally , even your hair is n't immune to some character assassination . Texture is what the personologists look at . "  We actually measure that with a micrometer , " she says . "  The finer the hair , the more sensitive the person is to taste , touch , smell and sound . If the noise is too loud , a finer-haired person will turn it down . " People with coarse hair , she says ,  "  most of your politicians , " she notes  are thicker skinned . There are many more traits that personology builds on to get a whole personality picture , but the real question is : What good is it ? Tickle says that knowing these traits helps us understand ourselves and others . The more clues we have about the type of person we are , we can gauge what will make us happier in life , both in careers and in relationships . But maybe even more importantly , she believes , it allows us to understand and communicate with others . Really ? What 's so hard about that ? Especially if the answers are written all over your face . E-mail to a friend	"  Personology " is a form of face reading Practitioners believe facial features tell what kind of person we are Theory links specific traits , such as wide - or close-set eyes , to personality
CNN  -- Microsoft is working on a touch-enabled smartwatch , reports The Wall Street Journal . Citing unnamed supply chain sources , The Journal claims that Microsoft asked Asian suppliers to ship components for the device . If the reports are true , it would be joining the likes of Apple , Samsung , Google , and others looking to capitalize on a forecasted boom in wearable electronics . Microsoft has so far refused to comment on the rumors . This would n't be Microsoft 's first shot at making a smartwatch . Back in 2004 it fielded a product under the name SPOT that used FM radio signals to send instant messages from Windows Messenger , news headlines , stock information , and weather forecasts as part of a paid subscription service . But production stopped in 2008 , and the SPOT  Smart Personal Object Technology  project was finally canceled last year . Interestingly , Microsoft researcher Bill Buxton spoke at length on the 37-year history of smartwatches last month , possibly foreshadowing a return to the market . The news comes days after a bleak report from IDC last week claiming that Q1 2013 marked the steepest decline ever for the PC industry , down 13.9 percent over Q1 2012 , a trend that apparently accelerated rather than slowed with the release of Windows 8 . It 's also the second significant leak in the report 's aftermath â $ " last week The Journal reported that Redmond was also working on a 7-inch Surface tablet due later this year . Read the original story on The Verge : Microsoft working on a smartwatch , says WSJ © 2013 Vox Media Inc. . All rights reserved	Microsoft is working on a touch-enabled smartwatch , The Wall Street Journal reports If true , Microsoft would be joining Apple , Samsung , Google , and others In 2004 Microsoft made a watch , called SPOT , that used radio signals to send and receive info
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Army Wednesday notified Pfc. Bradley Manning , a prime suspect in the WikiLeaks case , that he now faces 22 more charges in connection with allegedly downloading secret information from computers in Iraq . The most serious new charge alleges that he aided the enemy by making this information public . That charge is punishable by death . A news release from the Army said the prosecution team "  has notified the defense that the prosecution will not recommend the death penalty , " but technically it is up to the commander overseeing the case to make the final decision about the death penalty . All told , Manning , a military intelligence analyst from Oklahoma , now faces a total of 34 charges in the case , including : -- Wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the internet -- Theft of public records -- Transmitting defense information -- Transferring classified data onto his personal computer -- Disclosing classified information concerning the national defense . Manning 's lawyer , David Coombs , would not comment on the new charges , but posted a statement on his blog Wednesday evening : "  Over the past few weeks , the defense has been preparing for the possibility of additional charges in this case . " U.S. military officials have said that Manning is the prime suspect in the leak of many thousands of classified documents that ended up on the WikiLeaks website . However , WikiLeaks is not mentioned in the charge sheets . Last August , Coombs said he 'd seen no evidence tying Manning to the WikiLeaks case . Even though the investigators filed the new charges , there are still several legal steps that would be taken before any decision will be made on which charges , if any , Manning would actually face in a court-martial . One of those steps involves determining Manning 's mental capacity . That step is expected to take two to six more weeks . Manning is currently being held in the brig at Quantico Marine Base south of Washington , D.C. . There has been a push by friends and supporters to have the rules about his confinement conditions eased . They say his confinement , in a one-man cell with only one hour a day outside of the cell for exercise , is unfair .	Army private charged with aiding enemy Manning 's mental capacity must still be determined Several steps left before court-martial charges set
Shin Dong-hyuk is the only known person born in a North Korean prison camp that escaped and survived to tell the tale . Journalist Blaine Harden first uncovered Shin 's story in 2008 and has now turned it into the riveting new biography "  Escape from Camp 14 : One Man 's Remarkable Odyssey from North Korea to Freedom in the West . " North Korea has been splashed across world headlines in recent weeks over its threat to launch a long-range rocket , its suspected nuclear program and for its continued defiance of the West . If you want a singular perspective on what goes on inside the rogue regime , then you must read his story . It 's a harrowing tale of endurance and courage , at times grim but ultimately life-affirming . In the book , Harden offers an unnerving glimpse into one of the world 's most repressive regimes . Until now , little was known about North Korea 's labor camps , even though they 've existed for decades . They 're believed to hold between 150,000 and 200,000 prisoners and while they 're plainly visible in satellite photos , the North Korean government claims they do n't exist . Shin knows otherwise . He was born in one of these "  hidden gulags . " He grew up in squalid conditions with unending , back-breaking work , and knew nothing of the outside world . He was starved , beaten and tortured . One of his earliest memories : Being forced to watch the execution of his mother and brother . It was n't until Shin was 23 years old he was able to climb through a high-voltage fence and escape . Somehow , Shin found his way to China , South Korea , and eventually the United States . Today , Shin lives in Seoul , but is still dealing with the psychological trauma of his former life in the camp . Harden , a reporter for PBS Frontline and a contributor to The Economist , brings Shin 's amazing story to life . CNN recently spoke to him about the book and his relationship with Shin . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : This is an amazing story , how did you learn about Shin and when did you first meet him ? Harden : I heard about Shin from a human rights activist in Tokyo , where I was living and working as a correspondent for The Washington Post . At the time , I was desperately searching for a way to write about life inside North Korea . I quickly flew to Seoul and met Shin there for lunch in December , 2008 . That meeting is detailed in the book . CNN : What did you think of Shin and how difficult was it to confirm the details of his story ? Watch an interview with Shin Dong-hyuk Harden : Talking to Shin in person , his story sounds believable . It 's because of the intensity and precision of his memory . His body , too , is a map of what he endured , with burns on his back and legs , and his partially-severed finger . His arms are bowed from childhood labor . Confirming the details of his story is impossible , if you mean going to Camp 14 and asking questions of his captors and torturers . North Korea denies the existence of Camp 14 and all the other labor camps . Outsiders , including the  International Committee of the Red Cross  , have never been allowed to visit them . The only way for North Korea to "  refute , contradict or invalidate " the testimony of Shin and other camp survivors would be to permit outsiders to visit the camps . Otherwise , their testimony stands . CNN : What did you find most shocking or disturbing about Shin 's ordeal ? Harden : His anger at his mother -- and his statement that he was glad to see her die : These were the things that shocked me most upon meeting Shin . But as we continued to talk -- over the course of day-long conversations that extended for weeks in Seoul and later in Southern California -- I came to understand that guards had raised him to be suspicious of everyone . He saw anyone who stood between him and his next meal as a potential enemy . He was raised to see personal redemption in acts that ratted out his own family . He believed that his mother , by discussing an escape plan with Shin 's brother , had been irresponsible and reckless . Since he was a toddler , he had been forced to memorize camp rules that prescribe death for anyone who tries to escape or knows about an escape plan but does not report it immediately . The moment Shin heard that his mother was considering an escape , his camp-bred instincts kicked in . He had to betray her : He knew that if he did not , it would mean his torture or death . He did turn her in . But he was tortured anyway . Watch the book trailer for "  Escape from Camp 14 " CNN : How is Shin doing now ? Harden : He is now living in Seoul , after spending the better part of two years in Torrance , California ; Seattle ; Columbus , Ohio , and Washington D.C. . He has begun working with a partner on a webcast aimed at telling the Korean-speaking world more about North Korea and the camps . His life 's goal is to raise awareness of the camps . He wants them closed as soon as possible . Everything else in his life is secondary to that goal . That is why he was willing to go though the misery of long interviews with me . In the book , in trying to explain how painful those interviews often were , I used the image of a dentist drilling without anesthetics -- for more than two years . Shin did not like it , but he put up with it because he wants everyone to know what went on in Camp 14 -- what still goes on . CNN : Shin must have left a lasting impression on you , what kind of impact did his story have on you personally ? Harden : His story has obviously touched me profoundly . And like him , I want everyone in the world to know about the camps and to understand -- through an emotionally wrenching immersion in Shin 's life inside Camp 14 -- that North Korea 's dictatorship is sustained by child slavery , starvation , and unimaginable cruelty . Check out Blaine Harden 's website and read an excerpt from the book	"  Escape from Camp 14 " tells the true story of a North Korean prison camp survivor Shin Dong-hyuk was the only known person born in a camp that survived escape Book offers glimpse into one of the world 's repressive regimes
CNN  "  Jake the dog and Finn the human . The fun will never end . Adventure Time . " So begins the dreamy theme song intro to the strangely addictive Cartoon Network TV show that 's centered around psychedelic characters like the Ice King , Marceline the Vampire Queen and , of course , Jake and Finn . Now , mega-fans of the hit show can experience "  Adventure Time " in the skies . Thai Smile , a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways , on Thursday unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake , Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum sprawled across an Airbus A320 at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi International Airport . The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show . Airlines show off their new flying colors The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone , a new water park near the Thai resort city of Pattaya featuring attractions based on shows that appear on the Turner Broadcasting System channel . Turner Broadcasting is a parent company of CNN . Check out these cool airline liveries The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4 , heading from Bangkok to Phuket .	Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet Overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network
CNN  -- At least 230 people were killed and 190 injured when an oil tanker flipped over and exploded in the Democratic Republic of Congo , a government spokesman said Saturday . While the spokesman , Mende Omalanga , said five of the dead were United Nations peacekeepers , an official with the U.N. mission in the capital of Kinshasa contradicted the report . "  No U.N. members were killed " in the explosion , said Madnodje Mounoubai . The tanker flipped over Friday afternoon , said Omalanga , the country 's minister of communications . It was attempting to overtake a bus in Sange , in South Kivu province , on the country 's eastern border . When oil began to spill from the overturned tanker , local residents attempted to collect the oil . One was smoking a cigarette , causing the tanker to explode , Omalanga said . The largest group of victims had been sitting in a bar near the accident site watching the World Cup match between the Netherlands and Brazil , he said . Some of the injured were being treated locally in surrounding villages , but most were sent to the nearby town of Uvira , Omalanga said . The tanker is owned by a company called GINKI , and the driver managed to escape the fire , the U.N. mission said . CNN 's Andreena Narayan , Kathryn Tancos and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : UN official says no members killed in blast 230 killed , 190 injured in oil tanker explosion Explosion happened Friday , fire continued through Saturday Fire sparked by cigarette near leaked tanker fuel
CNN  -- Lindsay Spencer was two years out of college and facing one of the biggest decisions of her young life : what to do with those Facebook friend requests from people she met through her job . Blurring work and personal friendships is prompting Lindsay Spencer to maintain separate Facebook pages . "  There 's nothing on my personal page that 's horrible , " says the 24-year-old communications coordinator for the National Peanut Board in Atlanta , Georgia . "  It 's just that there are some things that are not work-appropriate . " Many of the job-related friend requests came after meeting people at conferences . Eventually they would find her by searching on Facebook and request to be "  friended . " Initially Spencer decided to ignore the requests . After all , does a virtual stranger really care what her favorite movies are ? Do they really benefit from learning details about her weekend leisure time ? Spencer 's answer was to create a second Facebook page , which she devotes to work-related information . This means she now has her "  friend friends , " about 400 of them , and then she has her "  work friends , " four , so far . Spencer 's modern dilemma is becoming more common throughout the world , experts say , as friendships with co-workers extend to our lives spent online after work hours . Simultaneously , our computer time at the office is becoming an extension of our personal life , they say . ` Work takes place in more places now ' This is n't necessarily a bad thing , says Paul Levinson , professor of communication and media studies at Fordham University in New York . "  No one ever forces us to go online -- we can shut it off , " he says . "  What this is really all about is an increase in information sharing . " And with the popularity of smartphones and other handheld devices , many people carry their work into their homes and are never separated from e-mail . They also have the ability to stay in constant touch with their favorite social networking sites . "  There is increasingly less difference in work life and personal time , " Levinson says . "  We are coming from a time when there were very clear boundaries . That comes from an older expectation . Work takes place in more places now . " And again , Levinson does n't think it 's a bad thing to have access to all this information about work and co-workers . Spencer , who has friended her manager but not her big boss , says she likes to think her co-workers are sensible enough not to put out too much information -- especially photographs -- on social networking sites . And so far , so good . There have been no embarrassing images of drunken escapades , no status updates erupting with emotional outbursts . Social networking sites have both good and bad uses in the business world , says Dr. Lynn Friedman , a clinical psychologist and adjunct faculty member at Johns Hopkins University . Face time vs. Facebook time People can use the sites to make new acquaintances outside their departments and groups , and users can extend their networks beyond the traditional workplace , she says in an interview by e-mail . "  It 's a way to enter new professional galaxies . " But people can use the sites too much and as a consequence give less time to meeting with co-workers in person . "  In most businesses , it 's optimal to mix social networking with real-life face-to-face interaction , " she writes . "  However , social networking can provide a springboard for identifying kindred spirits with whom one might want to do something old-fashioned like , say , having a cup of coffee . In an ideal world , it 's best to relate to others in both cyber and real space . " Paula Pile , a psychologist who practices in North Carolina , says you need to be careful to make sure that social networking sites are n't encroaching on your office time . More than an hour a day is excessive , she warns . Worse , spending too much time on the sites can disrupt your balance between work and private time . It can also take you out of your family time with your spouse or children . "  If you are spending two hours at home on them each night , you are not available to your family , " she says . Set boundaries Both psychologists advise setting boundaries between yourself and the people you work with , as well as your online "  friends . " Friedman also suggests setting goals for using social networking sites and telling others about your limits to avoid hurt feelings . She uses an example of someone who lets people know , "  I do n't do those things at nights or on weekends so I can have my time with family . " And Pile says to consider who you 're corresponding with during your work time . If they are n't people you would talk to in "  real life , " she says , you probably are wasting time .	Do job-related Facebook friends really need to know details of your personal life ? Facebook user decided to separate her "  friend friends " and her "  work friends " Expert : More than one hour per day on social sites is too much Set goals for how you use sites and make your friends aware of them
CNN  -- Samsung plans to challenge a U.S. court ruling that recommends more than $ 1 billion in damages to Apple over a patent dispute . A federal jury recommended Friday that Apple be awarded the damages after finding Samsung guilty of "  willful " violations of a number of Apple 's patents in the creation of its own mobile products . In a statement , Samsung said it will "  move immediately to file post-verdict motions to overturn this decision in this court , and if we are not successful , we will appeal this decision to the court of appeals . " The jury did not recommend awarding Samsung any money in its counterclaims that Apple had violated some of its patents . "  This is a huge win for Apple , " Mark Lemley , a Stanford law professor , said in an e-mail . The award "  is just large enough to make it the largest surviving patent verdict in history . " In aftermarket trading , Apple stock jumped more than $ 12 a share , to more than $ 675 a share . Samsung said the verdict should be viewed "  as a loss for the American consumer . " CNN Money : What the Apple-Samsung verdict means for your smartphone "  It will lead to fewer choices , less innovation , and potentially higher prices , " the company said in a statement . "  It is unfortunate that patent law can be manipulated to give one company a monopoly over rectangles with rounded corners , or technology that is being improved every day by Samsung and other companies . "  Consumers have the right to choices , and they know what they are buying when they purchase Samsung products . This is not the final word in this case or in battles being waged in courts and tribunals around the world , some of which have already rejected many of Apple 's claims . Samsung will continue to innovate and offer choices for the consumer . " Apple praised the court for "  sending a loud and clear message that stealing is n't right . " "  The mountain of evidence presented during the trial showed that Samsung 's copying went far deeper than even we knew , " the company said in a statement . An issue still to be decided is whether to grant injunctions that could prevent Samsung from selling products that infringe on Apple 's patents . Judge Lucy Koh wanted both sides to be ready for a hearing on the matter in two weeks , but Samsung 's team argued that was n't enough time . A hearing was scheduled for September 20 . Apple had asked for $ 2.7 billion in damages , claiming that Samsung "  ripped off " its iPad and iPhone designs . Samsung countersued Apple for infringing on five of its patents and asked for $ 519 million . A nine-person jury spent two and a half days puzzling out its final verdict . Jury members used weeks of notes and memories of testimony , 109 pages of jury instructions , and boxes of evidence , including a collection of contested smartphones and tablets as their guide . The jurors had to complete a complicated 20-page verdict form filled with charts and yes or no answers to determine exactly which device violated what patents and which companies were responsible . Finally , they had to calculate the final damages amounts . Each side was given 30 minutes to go over the form and search for inconsistencies . Judge Koh and Samsung spotted a problem with the damages amount for a Galaxy Tab model . After being sent back to the jury for reconsideration , the total amount of damages was bumped down by about $ 2.5 million , to $ 1,049,343,540 . After the trial was over , all nine jurors opted to leave through a back door of the courthouse to avoid speaking with the mass of reporters waiting at the front entrance . The lawsuit is the largest yet in the ongoing worldwide patent brawl between the two companies , which itself is just one battle in Apple 's war against Google 's Android mobile operating system . On August 24 , a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other 's patents , banning the sale of the iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , two iPad models and Samsung 's Galaxy S2 . The Korean court ordered Apple to pay Samsung $ 35,000 and Samsung to pay Apple $ 22,000 . 19 incredible Apple secrets revealed in court CNN 's Heather Kelly , John D. Sutter , Dan Simon and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Samsung says it will "  move immediately to file post-verdict motions to overturn " ruling Its statement comes after a jury recommends Samsung pay Apple in patent trial The jury did not recommend awarding Samsung any money in its counterclaims
CNN  -- It 's a really good year to be a bold and bad-ass chick in Hollywood . This weekend , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " broke box office records , catapulting Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss Everdeen to superhero status on the big screen and putting her in the ranks with other megafranchises , including  male-dominated  "  The Avengers , " "  Iron Man " and "  Harry Potter . " Movies in those franchises held on to the top three slots on the list of highest grossing opening weekends of all time , but "  Catching Fire " came in at a strong No. 4 with $ 161 million , beating out "  Batman , " "  Spider-Man " and the "  Twilight " franchise . And "  The Hunger Games " franchise is only at the halfway mark of its life on the big screen -- the third book , "  Mockingjay , " will be split into two movies , meaning there 's still plenty of time for Katniss and Co. to fight their way to that No. 1 slot . It 's not just new faces getting all the attention . Entertainment Weekly just named Sandra Bullock their Entertainer of the Year on the heels of the success of "  Gravity , " which is getting plenty of Oscars buzz , and female buddy cop comedy "  The Heat . " Bullock has been acting for more than 25 years -- longer than Jennifer Lawrence has been alive -- but that has n't stopped the Oscar winner from being one of the most consistent top earners in Hollywood . The Jennifer Lawrence quotebook "  The Heat , " which co-starred fellow female favorite Melissa McCarthy , grossed almost $ 160 million at the box office ; "  Gravity " did even better , bringing in more than $ 245 million already since its October premiere . But it 's Bullock 's ability to shift so effortlessly from comedies to dramas to a sci-fi thriller such as "  Gravity " -- which is basically just a one-woman show , a character study set in space -- that keeps her at the top of so many moviegoers ' must-see lists . On the music side , the AMAs were another shining example this weekend that women are dominating . Yes , plenty of men took home top awards , but it was the women making all the headlines . From memorable performances by Miley Cyrus , Katy Perry and Lady Gaga to Taylor Swift winning artist of the year for a record third time and Rihanna taking home the AMA Icon Award , women dominated the show , the social media chatter about the show and all the morning-after conversations . Miley : Confessions of pop 's wildest child Cyrus has been on an envelope - and conservative button-pushing tear lately , with a tongue-out , twerk-filled , nearly nude and super sexy performance with Robin Thicke at MTV 's VMAs , followed by an equally bizarre showing at the network 's Europe Music Awards , where she lit a joint and smoked it on stage . The controversy is only fueling the fire : Her album "  Bangerz " topped the charts , making it the year 's biggest-selling album for a solo female artist this year with 270,000 copies sold . Compare that with her last album , "  Ca n't Be Tamed , " which peaked at No. 3 on the charts in 2010 with only 102,000 copies sold , and it 's clear that Cyrus ' professional success has grown as her antics have grabbed more headlines . Why we love Jennifer Lawrence Swift , on the other hand , has made a career out of being the good  but always romantically scorned  girl next door . And what a career it is -- at just 23 , she 's making an estimated $ 55 million this year , which includes endorsement deals and her budding acting career . Without licking anyone or humping any foam fingers on stage , Swift keeps her fans satisfied by churning out hit after hit and remaining humble while still being delightfully uncensored . When accepting artist of the year again this weekend , she very sincerely thanked her fans for making 2013 her best year , then joked that she 's scared for it to be over . Luckily for her , that should n't be a problem -- Swift is already teasing her next album . What can we take away from all of this ? While these are all examples of female successes on different sides of the industry , there are just as many big misses . In movies , while many people claim that roles for women are on the rise , studies show otherwise : In 2012 , The Annenberg School for Communications & Journalism at University of Southern California found that of all the speaking roles in movies released that year , only 28.4 % of those roles were for women . With women making up more than 50 % of the movie-going audience , those numbers need to shift to meet demand . A few huge female-centric hits does not a new Hollywood make . From Cyrus ' tongue-wagging to Lawrence 's aw-shucks-ness , it 's nice for audiences -- young women especially -- to see strong and creative women on top . Now we just need to see more of them . The life of Miley Cyrus	Female actors and musicians seem to be dominating pop culture lately From "  Catching Fire " to the best AMA performances , women are making waves But Hollywood still has a way to go to achieve true equality for women
CNN  -- When news breaks , D.L. Hughley will be ready to mock it . D.L. Hughley starred in "  The Hughleys " and "  The Original Kings of Comedy . " CNN announced Wednesday that it will premiere a new , "  unconventional " weekend show hosted by comedian D.L. Hughley . "  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News , " as the show is currently titled , will feature Hughley 's humorous take on the week 's events . It will also include interviews with newsmakers and reporters , according to the network . "  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News " is scheduled to debut Saturday , October 25 . "  I am very excited for the opportunity to work with the network that I have watched for a very long time , and that to a large extent , has shaped my comedic view , " Hughley said in a press release . "  CNN offers the perfect blend of news and information on a local , national and international level . What more can a comedian ask for ? " "  D.L. is a news junkie who is bursting with things to say about what is going on in the world -- most of them funny , all of them thoughtful , none of them predictable , " said Jon Klein , president of CNN/U . S. "  When you watch as much news as our audience does , there comes a time you just want to stop and laugh -- and that time will be Saturday nights at 10 on CNN . " The show will resemble the late-night talk shows of Jay Leno and David Letterman more than Jon Stewart 's "  Daily Show , " according to Hughley . Hughley is known for his acting and his standup performances . The comedian spent four seasons on his own sitcom , "  The Hughleys , " and was one of the stars of Aaron "  West Wing " Sorkin 's series , "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip . " The performer was also one of the "  Original Kings of Comedy , " along with Bernie Mac , Steve Harvey and Cedric the Entertainer . CNN and CNN.com are units of Time Warner .	"  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News " premieres on CNN October 25 Comedian Hughley known for "  The Hughleys , " "  Studio 60 " Show to feature interviews , comedic takes on the news
London  CNN  -- Syrian opposition leaders and the "  Friends of Syria " group agree that planned peace talks in Geneva will aim to bring about a democratic transition for Syria in which President Bashar al-Assad plays no part , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said Tuesday . "  We are clear that Syrian President Assad has no role in a peaceful and democratic Syria , " he said . Hague 's words followed a Friends of Syria meeting that brought together foreign ministers from 11 core countries including the United States , Britain , France , Turkey and Gulf nations and Syrian opposition leaders . It was aimed at bolstering the prospects for the peace talks in Geneva , Switzerland . They are expected to take place late next month , although no firm date has been set . Hague said the London meeting had been "  important and productive , " held against a backdrop of "  the Syrian regime 's escalating use of indiscriminate and disproportionate force against the people of Syria . " Victims : Fire fell ` like rain ' in Syria The proposed Geneva conference between Syrian government officials and opposition leaders , intended to broker an end to the country 's civil war , has been delayed several times . Syrian war 's brutality is n't going away A key issue has been whether Syrian opposition leaders will agree to take part in the Geneva talks if their stated objective is not to remove al-Assad from power . It 's still not clear whether they will attend . Ahmad al-Jarba , president of the Syrian National Coalition , a key opposition group , said Tuesday 's talks had been "  positive " and "  encouraging , " and it was the first time that all 11 core Friends of Syria governments had agreed on key points . The Syrian opposition groups will hold a general assembly in the coming days , where they will discuss their approach to the Geneva conference , he said . Hague said the Friends of Syria had pledged to support moderate Syrian opposition groups at the talks . "  Geneva offers the Syrian people the best hope to improve their lives , " he said . ` Road map ' to peaceful resolution The Syrian opposition has set no preconditions for the talks other than that the aims agreed on at a first peace conference in Switzerland last year , known as Geneva I , should stand , Kerry told reporters . "  The opposition is not saying that Assad has to go before this negotiation . That is not what they 're saying , " he said . "  You ca n't have mutual consent if you 're not talking to anybody . You have to go , engage in the discussion and see . ... The opposition has said that their condition is that the intent of this is that Assad goes , which is what happens if you implement Geneva I. " The position of the United States has not changed on the need for al-Assad to go , Kerry added . "  We believe that he has lost all legitimacy , all capacity to govern the country , and therefore it 's hard to imagine any resolution in any other way , " he said . Kerry , who met with opposition leaders before the wider meeting Tuesday , said the agreement that came out of the Geneva I conference should not be discounted . "  The Geneva communique is more than a piece of paper , and it should not be a forgotten level of diplomacy . It is a road map that leads to a new future ... and it rids the country of violent extremist groups , " he said . The nations involved in Tuesday 's talks , known as the "  London 11 , " are committed to seeing the political process through and reaching a negotiated settlement , Kerry said . Asked about reports that Saudi Arabia is frustrated over the U.S. approach to Syria , Kerry said he had had "  frank " and "  constructive " talks with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal over the past two days . "  I 'm convinced that we 're on the same page , " he said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reflects on front-line reports Chemical weapons International weapons inspectors have in the past month entered Syria to begin verifying and destroying its chemical weapons arsenal . The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Tuesday that Syria 's government had so far "  fully cooperated in supporting the work of the advance team " of chemical weapons inspectors . But some in the Syrian opposition have protested that this has done nothing to stop the killing of Syrian civilians using conventional weapons . Kerry acknowledged progress toward removing al-Assad 's chemical weapons , but he said that "  does not remove the crisis and it does not remove the humanitarian catastrophe that is unfolding before the world 's eyes . " According to the United Nations , well over 100,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict , which began in March 2011 when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters . The United States and Russia announced in May that they would try to bring the warring parties to a second conference in Geneva to implement the peace plan they endorsed at Geneva I in 2012 that left open the question of whether al-Assad must leave power . Read more : Polio cases suspected in Syria Kerry said it would be up to the United Nations and joint U.N.-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to announce the date for the conference . Difficulties to overcome Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby said Sunday in Cairo that peace talks were scheduled for November 23 in Geneva , but the date is not firm . "  There are many arrangements to be made and many difficulties which must be overcome to make this conference possible , " he said . Syria 's Deputy Prime Minister said last week that the "  presumed dates " had been agreed to during a conference at the Russian Foreign Ministry . Brahimi said Sunday that he plans to meet with Russian and U.S. officials as well other representatives of the U.N. Security Council to finalize details . He also stressed that no meeting could be held without a "  convincing opposition that represents Syria 's opposition population . "	NEW : Syrian opposition leader says opposition groups will meet to decide on their approach Kerry : Syrian opposition is not calling for al-Assad to go before it will join talks William Hague : "  President Assad has no role in a peaceful and democratic Syria " Peace talks are due to take place in late November in Geneva , Switzerland
CNN  -- In the 1980 Clint Eastwood action comedy film "  Any Which Way You Can , " prizefighter Jack Wilson  played by William Smith  assesses the strengths of his soon-to-be opponent , Philo Beddoe  played by Eastwood  . "  You 're fast , and you like pain , " he says . "  You eat it like candy . I 've seen a few cases like that in my time . The more they get hurt , the more dangerous they become . " That scene comes to mind whenever someone asks me what they should make of Ted Cruz . Who is he ? And what 's he up to ? They put those questions to me because I 've known Ted for a dozen years , since he was an anonymous lawyer toiling in the bureaucracy of the Federal Trade Commission . And -- despite what may be the most tumultuous and colorful 10 months for a freshman legislator in the history of the U.S. Senate -- I 'm proud to call him a friend . For some of my readers , this seems an odd confession . After all , we 're talking about the most hated politician in America . Keep in mind that much of the hate being directed at the junior senator from Texas is coming from other politicians . Ted Cruz : Democrats ' new bogeyman In fact , recently , an adviser to Sen. John McCain told GQ magazine that the Arizona Republican "  f *** ing hates Cruz . " Republicans do n't like the 42-year-old because he makes them look bad and they ca n't control him . Democrats do n't like him because his jabs sting and he wo n't back down . Cruz does n't seem to be losing any sleep . The more he gets attacked , the stronger he 'll become -- and the more determined . It 's not just because he 'll get more popular with folks at the grass roots . That 's a given . For those who are convinced that Washington is broken and that corrupt lawmakers are serve their own interests while fooling constituents into thinking they 're serving them , Cruz is a refreshing break from the ordinary . It 's the way Cruz is wired . Before entering the Senate , he argued for a living and was good enough at it to make a handsome living while building a reputation as one of the best constitutional lawyers . Harvard Law School Alan Dershowitz , no conservative , told the Washington Post that Cruz was "  off-the-charts brilliant . " Cruz has been named by American Lawyer magazine as one of the 50 Best Litigators under 45 in America in the country . In his 30s , he argued nine cases before the Supreme Court and won several of them . Whenever he is challenged , his energy level goes up , his backbone stiffens , and his wits sharpen . From that point , it 's game on . Cruz does n't care about being popular or part of the in-crowd . He 's comfortable with conflict , and sometimes he even seems like a glutton for punishment . He ca n't be intimidated or scared off . He does n't care if other senators isolate him , ignore him or attack him . He does n't care if they let him into their club . So they have no power over him . Not that his fellow senators have n't tried , unsuccessfully , to beat him into submission . They gave it a go last week at a closed-door lunch meeting in the Senate 's Mansfield Room . According to senators who attended the meeting , and who spoke anonymously to Politico and The New York Times , one Republican senator after another berated Cruz for -- as they saw it -- causing the government shutdown without a plan to end it . Opinion : Goodbye to the strategy Republicans knew was a fantasy At one point , Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire -- who is one of the GOP senators targeted for defeat by the Senate Conservatives Fund , an outside group that aims to punish those who did not fight the good fight against Obamacare -- asked the Texas senator whether he would publicly renounce the attacks . Cruz 's response , according to someone who was in the room , was short and sweet . "  I will not , " he said . That 's typical Ted . As he sees it , this is his colleagues ' problem , which they brought upon themselves by breaking promises and straying from principles . It 's not his job to save them . As one senator told the Times , Cruz 's refusal to renounce the attacks on his colleagues "  just started a lynch mob . " Who knew the GOP senators still had some passion left in them , at least when re-election is at stake ? One senator who attended the meeting told Politico , "  I just wish the 35 House members that have bought the snake oil that was sold could witness what was witnessed today at lunch . " Notice that the unnamed senator -- a real profile in courage -- was n't so anxious for the proceedings to be witnessed by the scores of conservative voters outside of Washington who side with Cruz . For the GOP establishment , transparency is a concept that is best not carried too far . That hypocrisy from Republicans sticks in my craw . I believe that the shutdown was the right thing to do and that defunding , or at least delaying , Obamacare is the necessary thing to do . Opinion : Obstructing government , from Huey Long to Ted Cruz It 's not ready for America , and America is not ready for it . The arguments coming from House Republicans are more persuasive than the ones coming from the White House . I believe that Obama hurt his credibility by continuing to provide members of Congress and their staffs subsidies to purchase coverage and by agreeing to a delay in the mandate to provide insurance to those employers who are not already in compliance with the law . This is a spectacle that resembles employees who work in a restaurant vowing never to eat there . It 's no wonder the public is skeptical . The fact that I believe all this has nothing to do with Cruz . I got here all by myself . Besides , I do n't put stock in the popular media narrative that Cruz is singlehandedly responsible for shutting down the government . That 's just smoke from Democrats and the GOP establishment . Scores of Republican lawmakers raised money by promising to repeal Obamacare . And then as soon as they got to Washington , they settled into their offices and did n't lift a finger to defund the program . In fact , they went on the attack against the one guy who led the fight to do just that . Of course , this double talk blew up in their faces . What did they expect ? Congress is broken , but it was that way long before Cruz got there . My friend draws his staying power from the belief that he 's right . As unpopular as he is within the Beltway , he is keenly aware that -- in the heartland and across the country -- his stance in defiance of Obamacare , and his willingness to rock the political boat , have transformed him into a rock star . He has lost the support of many , if not all , his Senate colleagues . But , judging from what you hear on talk radio and right-wing blogs , he is winning the loyalty and respect of many average Americans . And , in politics , that can carry you far . Ted Cruz will continue to be attacked . And like a fictional prizefighter , the more that others try to hurt him , the more dangerous he 'll become . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette says Ted Cruz has shaken up Washington He says Cruz , a smart and able lawyer , should n't be underestimated Navarrette : Cruz is n't worried about making friends and being part of the Senate club He says the Texas senator 's critique of Obamacare is right on the money
CNN  -- Just how awful has Washington dysfunction become ? America 's military members and veterans -- once immune to political sniping -- are caught in the crossfire . Last week , members of the U.S. Senate again engaged in their usual political games , and this time , veterans lost out on critical support . Almost all Veterans Service Organizations strongly supported the Veterans Omnibus Bill , including Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America  IAVA  , The American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , and Disabled American Veterans . It is a transformative bill that includes critical , longstanding priorities for veterans . The bill would provide additional advance funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs , help the V.A. end the disability claims backlog , improve health care services , strengthen the new G.I. Bill , support veterans hiring programs and expand survivor benefits . Each of these provisions has garnered bipartisan support . But when the legislation , introduced by Senate Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Bernie Sanders , reached the Senate floor , Republicans objected to the scope of the bill . Democrats would n't allow amendments . Republicans would n't provide the votes to move forward . Nobody would compromise and veterans were left getting the shaft . The Senate shenanigans capped a winter of discontent for our community in which Washington continually attacked military members , veterans and their families . It used to be that vets could count on bipartisan support in Congress . But clearly , no more . In December , Congress cut military retirement benefits as part of a bipartisan , backroom budget deal . Reducing the annual cost-of-living adjustment for most military retirees and survivors would have led to a 20 % cut to retirement benefits over the course of their lives . For a retired Army sergeant first class  E-7  that would have meant the loss of $ 83,000 in retirement savings . After massive protests and pressure from veterans and supporters , Congress finally reversed course and restored the benefits for veterans who served or enlisted before January 1 , 2014 . Last week , Congress forced the Pentagon to make budget cuts that increased living costs for our service members . Our service members are faced with a budget that would raise their grocery prices at commissaries by at least 20 % and force military families to pay an additional 5 % out-of-pocket for housing . CNN reported that members of the military redeemed nearly $ 104 million in food stamps at commissaries in the fiscal year that ended September 30 . The Defense Department budget would cut subsidies that service members use to pay for diapers for their kids and to put bread on the table . And then Thursday the Senate leadership put partisanship ahead of helping veterans . Veterans and those active in the armed forces do n't have time for this nonsense . Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America will be going to the Hill next month to demand Congress stop the attacks and put veterans ahead of petty politics . Washington needs to do much more to support those who sacrificed for their country . There are many deep problems : About 22 veterans die by suicide every day . And according to a new study , the suicide rate for young male vets has skyrocketed , up 44 % from 2009 to 2011 . The V.A. disability claims backlog has hovered near 400,000 for months . These are veterans whose lives are on hold , waiting for the benefits they have earned . The unemployment rate for post-9 / 11 veterans remains higher than the national average . Congress and the administration still have not truly reformed the broken military justice system , which has failed tens of thousands of survivors of military sexual assault . I had the honor of attending the State of the Union a month ago , when every member of Congress stood up to applaud Sgt. 1st Class Cory Remsburg , an Army Ranger who was wounded in a roadside bombing in Afghanistan during his 10th deployment overseas . The sustained , thundering applause was an incredibly moving gesture . But ultimately , it was just that : a gesture . What has Congress done since the State of the Union to help veterans like Cory who put on a uniform to defend our country ? Aside from fixing its own mess on military retirement benefits , Congress has done nothing . Absolutely nothing . Veterans have taken notice . And we 're not going to sit by idly as Congress fails to act on our priorities and , worse , attacks the benefits we 've earned . Winter mercifully is ending . We await a spring of hope for veterans and their families . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Rieckhoff .	Paul Rieckhoff : Senate could n't pass bill addressing veterans ' priorities Rieckhoff : Congress is failing military families and proposing more cuts Rieckhoff : 22 vets die by suicide a day , V.A. backlog huge , military justice is broken He says Congress stood for wounded Ranger , but it was only a gesture
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed a bill Friday that provides $ 600 million in emergency funding to help secure the U.S.-Mexico border . A day earlier , two senators -- Democrats Charles Schumer of New York and Ben Cardin of Maryland -- returned from their August recess to give the chamber 's approval for the bill . The House of Representatives had already approved the measure . In the Senate , the bill passed by unanimous consent -- a parliamentary term for a voice vote that does n't require the return of the entire Senate chamber . GOP leaders had agreed to the maneuver . Among other things , the bill provides for roughly 1,500 new law enforcement agents , new unmanned aerial vehicles , new forwarding operating bases and $ 14 million in new communications equipment . The measure has attracted strong Democratic and Republican support . Obama praised the plan after the Senate passed it , saying that congressional passage "  answers my call to bolster the essential work of federal law enforcement officials and improve their ability to partner with state , local and tribal law enforcement . " Obama argued that the new law would facilitate cooperation along the border between the U.S. and Mexican governments , and asserted that it would make "  an important difference " in the push for comprehensive immigration reform . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters Friday that the measure would have a substantial impact in terms of reducing the "  trafficking of people , drugs , currency and weapons . " She also fired back at Republican critics of the White House 's border control efforts , declaring that "  the administration had already devoted more resources to the southwest border than at any point in American history . " The bill is funded in part by imposing higher fees on personnel companies that bring foreign workers into the United States .	NEW : Napolitano says more is being devoted to the southwest border than ever before The measure draws strong Democratic and Republican support The bill includes funds for extra border agents and aerial vehicles It is partially funded by imposing fees on companies that bring in foreign workers
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet claimed victory in his bid for a full term Wednesday , but his Republican opponent has yet to concede the race . "  I am humbled by your support , " the Democratic incumbent told supporters in Denver . "  I wo n't let you down . " Bennet was appointed in 2009 to replace Ken Salazar , now the Obama administration 's interior secretary , and was seeking a full six-year term this year . With 90 percent of the vote , he led Republican challenger Ken Buck by about 6,400 votes out of nearly 1.6 million cast . Bennet fended off a primary challenge from former House Speaker Andrew Romanoff in August and was a top GOP target this year . Buck , a former Weld County district attorney who garnered an upset primary win with Tea Party support , had not yet conceded the race . Before Bennet 's announcement , his campaign was still reviewing in what counties still had returns outstanding , and the number of provisional ballots remaining . "  We will have further comment later today , " the campaign said .	"  I wo n't let you down , " Bennet promises Buck has yet to concede the race Bennet was running for a full term after his 2009 appointment
New York  CNN  -- It 's official . "  Bieber Fever " has broken and given way to "  Gangnam Style . " Rapper Psy on Saturday edged out the teenage pop star for the distinction of most-watched YouTube video ever , netting more than 806 million views . Justin Bieber , who was first discovered on YouTube by a talent scout in 2008 , had previously held the crown with just under 804 million online visitors . But the portly South Korean and his four-minute video catapulted to the front with a deluge of viewers , while bringing his signature galloping dance to global recognition . Clad in a tuxedo and sunglasses , the 34-year-old Psy -- whose real name is Park Jae-sang -- is featured and often flanked by scantily clad women as he dances . Named for a pricey neighborhood in Seoul , "  Gangnam Style " in October snatched the Guinness World Record for the "  most liked " YouTube video ever . "  I described the district as normal and calm in the daytime and going insane in the nighttime , " he told CNN . "  That 's what the lyrics are about . " And if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , Psy 's video is no slouch . It 's inspired countless parodies , with tributes ranging from the Ohio University 's marching band to Filipino inmates and even a caricature from the North Korean government . How the Psy/MC Hammer AMAs mash-up came to be	Psy edged out the teenage pop star for the distinction of most-watched YouTube video He netted more than 806 million views The portly South Korean 's four-minute video drew a deluge of online viewers
CNN  Two people were shot Saturday at a nightclub party in Charlotte , North Carolina , featuring rappers T.I. , Young Jeezy and Yo Gotti . Both victims are expected to survive , the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said in a news release . Police are searching for a suspect . "  Preliminary information and evidence gathered on the scene indicates that an unidentified suspect fired several shots from inside the club striking the two victims , " Charlotte police said in a news release . "  This is an ongoing , active investigation . " The shooting occurred around 7 p.m. at the Label nightclub , which is part of the popular N.C. Music Factory Complex . The nightclub was hosting a series of parties to celebrate the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association basketball tournament . The club reopened a few hours later for a P. Diddy concert . "  We feel the security is adequate to avoid an additional incident , and we want to make sure that the patrons enjoy the tournament weekend , " Label attorney Ken Harris told CNN affiliate WSOC . "  There is always a very high level of security at Label . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Both people shot at the nightclub Label in Charlotte are expected to survive The club reopens a few hours later for a P. Diddy concert
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will award the Medal of Honor , the military 's highest award for bravery , to Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard Etchberger for his valor in saving the lives of three wounded comrades at a then-secret base in Laos in 1968 , the White House announced Friday . After Etchberger saved his fellow airmen , he was shot and killed by enemy fighters . His heroics were kept a secret for years because the United States was n't supposed to have troops in Laos during the Vietnam War . President Lyndon Johnson rejected a nomination for Etchberger to receive the Medal of Honor at the time because of the political trouble it could have stirred up . Etchberger was part of a secret U.S. Air Force radar base in northern Laos , just 120 miles from Hanoi in North Vietnam . The base 's purpose was to guide U.S. bomber crews on their missions over North Vietnam and parts of Laos that were under communist control . Laos was officially neutral during the war , but its leaders were upset that North Vietnamese troops and Viet Cong guerrillas were moving through Laos to attack U.S. troops in South Vietnam . So the Lao government allowed construction of the U.S. radar site provided it was kept secret , according to Tom Keany , an Air Force B-52 squadron commander during the Vietnam War and currently a military historian with the School for Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University . In March of 1968 North Vietnamese troops attacked the site , called Lima Site 85 , with a force of 3,000 soldiers against fewer than a couple dozen U.S. airmen and about a thousand Laotian soldiers . Eventually , American helicopters were sent in to evacuate the Air Force personnel , but by then eight Americans had been killed and several more wounded . It is considered by some the deadliest ground attack against Air Force troops in the entire Vietnam era . According the White House , Etchberger deliberately exposed himself to enemy fire "  in order to place his three surviving wounded comrades in the rescue slings permitting them to be airlifted to safety . " It took an act of Congress in 2008 for Etchberger to be reconsidered for a Medal of Honor so long after the war had ended . In most cases , the medal recommendation must be made within two years of the act of heroism for which it is to be awarded . Rep. Earl Pomeroy of North Dakota helped push for the reconsideration . Etchberger was a native of Bismarck , North Dakota . "  Chief Etchberger was denied the Medal of Honor because he was serving his country on the wrong side of a geographic barrier , " Pomeroy said in written statement . "  Heroism knows no boundary . While it 's regrettable that this medal is coming forty years after Mr. Etchberger 's death , I am honored to be part of the effort that recognized this true hero . " The ceremony for Etchberger , which will include his three sons , is scheduled for September 21 at the White House .	NEW : The United States did not want to admit it had troops in nominally neutral Laos Chief Master Sgt. Richard Etchberger 's heroism was hidden for years He died after saving three comrades in Laos
CNN  -- Singer Enrique Iglesias moved to the United States as a child but his football heart remains in Spain . As Spain prepares to play Honduras on Monday -- after losing to Switzerland in the first group game -- he talks to CNN about his heroes , football memories and fitting in games while doing promotion work . Did you play football as a kid ? Yes , I used to play right wing when I was a kid . I do n't play any more . I probably could not play for more than five minutes , I 'd be in the ground . I 've got no endurance whatsoever . Maybe after a tour but not before one . As a kid I played in Spain til I was 8 . I was medium , not great but not bad . Then I moved to the U.S. -- 20 years ago soccer was not as big in the U.S. as it is now -- and I was actually pretty good in comparison to the rest of the players at the time . It felt good . The coach would always put me in to play . The best memories were of scoring goals . When you score you felt like you were on top of the world . My favorite player back then was Diego Maradona . The second goal he scored against England -LSB- in 1986 World Cup  was so , so magnificent . It made the rest of the world -- maybe not England -- forget the handball goal and say "  OK , you deserved to win . " Who are your favorite players at this World Cup ? Between Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . And Iniesta and Torres and Fabregas and Villa and Casillas . What does the World Cup mean to you ? My album "  Euphoria " comes out in July and that means I am promoting it in all June and July . I was so disappointed . That was the only thing I hated about this album to the point that three weeks ago I called the president of the record company and told him that I wanted to delay my album and move it to September due to the World Cup . I was keen on it . I 'm like "  please , please , please , " I begged and they said "  if you move it to September just to watch the World Cup we will never speak to you again . " I was disappointed . I was "  come on , it is once every four years " and they were "  come on , your albums are once every three years . " Will Iglesias have a summer hit ? The World Cup is the only time my career comes second . It 's crucial to me . When Spain plays they did promise me they would clear my schedule . How do you think Spain will do ? The worst part was I was in London for the Swiss game and they cleared the schedule for two hours and I got to watch Spain and I got to see them lose . After that I did n't want to do more interviews . It was one of those games that you watch and you say how could we have lost ? You can tell their skill and they were the better team but at the end of the day it 's ` you ca n't forgive in football , ' you have to go for it . It 's not always the better team that wins and what matters is the final score . It was just devastating . If there 's one World Cup where you would think this is the time where they have a chance , I would think it 's this one . Ever since I was a little kid Spain was always good , always promised a lot but they never quite get there . CNN.com tracks the World Cup This time , since the Euros  European championships  , things have changed . From Iniesta to Alonso to Torres to Villa to Piquet to Puyol , you have Fabregas , you have Casillas . You just have such a complete team , and they are so talented and each player is so good . But now there 's a lot of pressure . They have to win . If Brazil wins their group and if Spain qualifies second they have to play Brazil . I would rather Spain wins the group and plays Portugal or Ivory Coast . Who do you think will do well ? I think Argentina will go all the way or close . I got to watch a bit of the South Korea game and they were really good . Obviously , Brazil . It will boil down to those teams -- to Argentina , to Brazil , Italy always starts bad and ends up in a good place , Germany will be there . And hopefully Spain will be in there . It 's so difficult to tell in the World Cup because anything can happen . What are your best and worst memories of football ? Worst was the 2002  World Cup  . Spain-South Korea . They got robbed . I think the referee made major mistakes to the point that it was so so obvious it almost made you think something was going on . It was too , too obvious . The best , when I was 5 years old , the World Cup in Spain in ' 82 , the mascot was Naranjito . The Italy-Germany game , I was there . I watched it . I remember Paolo Rossi . He was my idol in that World Cup .	Schedule cleared to watch Spain 's World Cup games Iglesias : I wanted to delay album release so I could watch the World Cup Defeat to Switzerland was "  devastating " Best memory was at Spain ' 82 ; worst was at 2002 World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- A malfunctioning launch control center for a portion of the nation 's nuclear missiles remained offline Wednesday as investigations continued into a weekend computer problem that disrupted communications with more than 10 percent of America 's land-based nuclear missiles . Early indications are that Saturday 's disruption to one of the launch control centers linked to Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming lasted longer than an hour , Lt. Col. John Thomas said . The problem appears to be very similar to glitches at two other nuclear missile sites in the late 1990s . The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles in its nuclear arsenal . The 50 Minuteman III missiles involved in Saturday 's incident are all currently at "  normal operating capability , " said Thomas , the director of public affairs for the Air Force 's Global Strike Command . But while those missiles are typically controlled by five underground launch control centers , only four are currently online , he added . The fifth control center remains offline and is believed to be the source of a computer hardware problem that caused a communications disruption Saturday . It has been electronically isolated from the launch system while the problem is investigated and solved , Thomas said . It 's not unusual for a missile squadron to take one of its five launch control centers out of service to perform maintenance , Thomas explained . In fact , he said , an entire squadron of missiles can be controlled by just one control center or even from a command aircraft flying nearby . Thomas said that as soon as computer messages started telling the squadron commanders at Warren Air Force Base that a problem existed over the weekend , closed-circuit television security cameras were used to check each silo and make sure no obvious problems existed . Then , Air Force personnel from Warren were sent to all 50 silos , in a "  not insignificant effort , " to visually inspect them and make sure they were secure . Some of the missile silos are hundreds of miles from the base . The investigation is still going on , Thomas said , but early indications are that a computer component on the fifth launch control center continually tried to communicate with the missiles in the silos when it was n't supposed to . He compared it to five people with walkie-talkies and one of them sitting on the button , making it impossible for the other four to use theirs . Once the fifth launch control center was isolated , the other four established communications with all 50 missiles , and the squadron was back to normal , Thomas explained . The process of isolating the problem and getting the other control centers linked back to the missiles took more than an hour , he said . Because of redundancies in the nuclear force , several military officials have said , the president always had the ability to order the missiles to launch . As for the cause , Thomas said it appears the computer hardware problem is very similar to problems in the late 1990s at the two other Air Force bases that control America 's intercontinental ballistic missile forces : Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota and Malstrom Air Force Base in Montana . The circumstances of those incidents were much like what happened at the Warren base , he said . The Air Force and Strategic Command , which would take charge of the missiles if the president were ready to launch them , is investigating the incident . Thomas said that right now , investigators are "  not ruling anything out . " But he said there is "  no indication of intentional of malicious activity . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates is monitoring those investigations closely , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said .	One launch control center for the nation 's nuclear missiles is offline The problem began over the weekend The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will use Tuesday 's State of the Union address to frame the message of his re-election campaign . The annual speech to Congress will lay out in clear terms a theme he 's been repeating recently about economic inequality and a government that should ensure "  a fair shake " for all . Democratic sources briefed on the draft speech say it will describe a "  blueprint for an economy that 's built to last . " That blueprint will focus on manufacturing , energy , education and middle-class values , according to a video released on the Obama 's campaign website and Democratic sources who have been briefed on the address . A Democratic source briefed on the latest draft of the speech said Obama will include a series of proposals , including : -- Tax reform so that wealthy Americans pay more and the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 expire -- More refinancing for homeowners in trouble -- Additional tax breaks for companies that bring back jobs to the United States -- More clean energy incentives -- Enhanced education and job-training initiatives , especially for high school graduates seeking technical degrees -- Establishment of the so-called "  Buffett Rule " that would set a minimum tax rate for people earning more than $ 1 million . The president has proposed such steps previously as part of his administration 's efforts to spur the nation 's still sluggish recovery from the recession . Given the treacherous state of the economy , the president 's campaign aides are attempting to make the theme of the upcoming election a choice about the role of government and the future of the middle class -- not a referendum on the president 's handling of the economy . They say this speech and its underlying theme -- income inequality -- go a long way to shaping that message . The president will continue to challenge Congress over the ongoing gridlock that blocked most elements of his jobs bill and embroiled Washington in a debt fight last summer . One Democratic official said the president will offer to work with Congress if Congress agrees to work with him . However , this official acknowledged that Obama 's tone will not differ significantly from the approach he 's taken in recent months when he 's attacked Republicans in Congress for general inaction . The speech will build on a theme the president laid out in Kansas last month -- that in today 's economy , the game has been rigged against the nation 's middle class . Obama will say he wants to return to the "  values " that define America , where hard work pays off and where responsibility -- not recklessness -- is rewarded . In a December 6 address in Osawatomie , Kansas , Obama described stark differences between a Republican ideology he described as leaving people to fend for themselves and his vision of government that helps provide equal opportunity for all Americans regardless of where they begin in life . "  It 's not a view that we should somehow turn back technology or put up walls around America , " Obama said . "  It 's not a view that says we should punish profit or success or pretend that government knows how to fix all society 's problems . "  It 's a view that says in America , we are greater together -- when everyone engages in fair play , everyone gets a fair shot , everyone does their fair share . " Democratic sources told CNN on Sunday that the bullet points of Obama 's blueprint will focus on American manufacturing , including "  insourcing " -- or bringing back jobs from overseas . The sources say he 'll argue that during his term , the United States has seen the manufacturing industry grow for the first time in 15 years -- especially in the auto industry that he helped with bailout funds . On the topic of energy , the president will stress alternative energy development and energy independence from unfriendly nations . He 'll also tout his record of doubling fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks . The address will include new proposals to prepare American workers and students for the jobs of the future . Obama will also suggest job training for the long-term unemployed and veterans , the sources said . He 'll also highlight his record of expanding Pell grants for college students . Throughout his speech , the president will weave in an emphasis on what his administration calls middle-class values , and that this is make-or-break moment for that segment of American society , likely putting it into stark terms , according to the sources . He 'll suggest that the United States has a choice to either become a place where only the wealthy succeed , or it can level the playing field and give everyone an opportunity . "  They 're big ideas , because we 've got to meet the moment , and this speech is going to be about how we do it , " the president 's preview video released over the weekend said . "  We can go in two directions , " Obama said . "  One is toward less opportunity and less fairness . Or we can fight for where I think we need to go -- building an economy that works for everyone . " Democratic sources told CNN the draft version of the speech will also propose a task force to monitor and enforce trade rules with China , tough language on Iran and seek to put the president 's foreign policy actions and vision in context . The day after the speech , the president will begin a three-day swing to states that are expected to be battlegrounds in the upcoming election . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : A source says President Obama will propose tax reform , clean energy incentives Obama 's address will focus on manufacturing , energy , education and values Sources : Obama will discuss "  insourcing , " or bringing back jobs from overseas This will be the president 's third State of the Union address
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy warship USS Donald Cook is scheduled to enter the Black Sea no later than Thursday as part of the latest U.S. military effort to demonstrate support for Eastern European allies concerned about Russia 's troop buildup along its border with Ukraine . The movement of the guided missile destroyer was confirmed to CNN by two U.S. military officials who declined to be identified because a formal announcement has not been made . The ship will conduct exercises and port visits while in the Black Sea . The guided missile destroyer USS Truxtun took part in scheduled exercises in the Black Sea last month and departed March 21 . NATO members Bulgaria , Romania and Turkey have Black Sea coastlines , as do non-members Ukraine , Russia and Georgia . The movement of the Navy warship into the Black Sea comes ahead of an April 15 meeting of top NATO political representatives to discuss and potentially approve a series of recommendations for additional military measures , including shortening the "  response time " of NATO forces if there were a crisis . Other options on the table include more military exercises with member nations including the United States and potentially providing military advisers to Ukraine . Using classified and commercial satellite imagery , the United States estimates there are up to 40,000 Russian troops on the border with eastern Ukraine . Those troops remain positioned so close , and are so heavily armed , that the U.S. and NATO calculate they could "  roll across " eastern Ukraine in three to five days , one official said . That 's an estimate previously made by Gen. Philip Breedlove , the military chief of NATO . There has been no withdrawal of Russian forces ; other than perhaps small numbers , so the estimate remains in place , the official said . Washington also believes that the recent unrest in eastern Ukraine around the city of Donetsk is the work of "  paid or compelled persons , heavily influenced by Russia , " the official said . The U.S. assessment is that the Russians are looking for a provocation to move into Ukraine . But the Ukrainian military response of moving in methodically and arresting troublemakers worked in this case , the official said . Russia warns of civil war if Ukraine uses force to quell eastern revolts U.S. to send missile defense ships to Japan to protect from North Korea	The USS Donald Cook will be in the Black Sea by Thursday Russian troops are still massed on the Ukraine border NATO representatives will meet April 15 to discuss the situation
Mario Balotelli has delivered his verdict on his time in the English Premier League -- he could n't be happier to have left England . The Italian international , who quit Manchester City for AC Milan last January , endured a tumultuous two-year spell in England with his life being played out on television screens and splashed across the pages of the tabloid newspapers . Car crashes , throwing a dart at a youth team player , fireworks being set off in his bathroom and a training ground bust-up with the manager were all par for the course for football 's "  enfant terrible " during his time at City . The 22-year-old , who describes himself as just a "  normal guy , " insists his treatment at the hands of the British press crossed a line . "  Yes , " Balotelli told CNN when asked if he was unfairly treated in England . "  But I 'm not here to talk about if I 'm unfairly treated . I do n't care . I 'm out from England , I 'm happy that I 'm out from England . That 's it . "  I 'm really happy now . I have my family near me and my friends . I can relax and find my privacy , more than in England , where I was alone . " Despite the off-field misdemeanors , former manager Roberto Mancini constantly defended the player even though Balotelli 's behavior tested a relationship which stretched back to when the Italian-born forward was a raw and talented 16-year-old at Inter Milan . However , the deterioration in the pair 's relationship led to the striker being sold by City for $ 30 million to Milan . Mancini was relieved of his duties only last week following a season in which City failed to win a trophy . Back in Italy , Balotelli still attracts headlines , although he insists not all of the extraordinary incidents he has been linked with are factually correct . Twitter became a minefield of rumor and speculation with tales of Balotelli driving around Manchester , throwing money at homeless people -- just one of the untrue stories to have been concocted . "  The stuff that they said in the newspapers that I did in England in the past , few of those are real , " he said . "  The others are really just the imagination of the journalists . But when you create an icon of a person in that kind of way , after everyone thinks you are like this and if you lie about it , everyone just thinks that it is all true . "  So maybe that 's why they think I 'm crazy and do crazy things ? Sometimes I dream to be alone and that nobody would talk to me . "  A love of women I think is normal . Cars ? I like fast cars and I do n't see the problem if I like fast cars . "  Some things have happened in my life , some stuff unfortunately happened and they went on the newspapers straight away . But I do n't see anything that would make people think that I 'm bad or I 'm crazy . I 'm a normal guy . "  But I understand that football is really important and that everybody watches it . When you 're famous you have to do photos or autographs , especially for the kids . " Back in Italy with his friends and family , Balotelli feels more comfortable and able to live freely in a way he found difficult to do so in England . But he admits that his past transgressions count against him and that general public has preconceived notions about his personality . "  Of course , even if you 're the best in the world then some people do n't like you and some people like you , " added Balotelli . "  What is important for me is that the people who know me for real , know Mario how he really is . "  People who do n't know me , they read newspapers and they watch TV . Television is made to give a lot of opinions , so I ca n't show the real Mario to everybody . " Since joining Milan , Balotelli has scored 11 goals in 12 games .	Mario Balotelli says he 's happy to have left England Italy international insists he 's just a "  normal guy " despite wild stories Confesses to his love of women and fast cars Admits some people have a negative view of him
A potent little painkiller is causing a big stir . A coalition of more than 40 health care , consumer and addiction treatment groups is urging the Food and Drug Administration to revoke approval of the prescription drug Zohydro . The hydrocodone-based drug is the latest in a long line of painkillers called opioid analgesics . The FDA approved the medication last fall to treat chronic pain , and it is set to become available to patients in March . "  In the midst of a severe drug epidemic fueled by overprescribing of opioids , the very last thing the country needs is a new , dangerous , high-dose opioid , " the coalition wrote in a letter to FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg . "  Too many people have already become addicted to similar opioid medications , and too many lives have been lost . " One addiction expert who signed the letter was more forthright . "  It 's a whopping dose of hydrocodone packed in an easy-to-crush capsule , " said Dr. Andrew Kolodny , president of the advocacy group Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing . "  It will kill people as soon as it 's released . " The letter is the latest in a series of entreaties to the FDA related to Zohydro . In December , 29 state attorneys general sent a similar letter to the FDA . The month before , members of Congress asked the agency to review its decision to approve the drug . The concerns echoed by all groups are broadly about the drug 's potency and abuse potential . They say they fear that Zohydro -- especially at higher doses -- will amplify already-rising overdose numbers . "  This could be the next OxyContin , " says a petition on Change.org asking the FDA to reconsider . Report : States failing to curb prescription abuse According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , prescription opioid deaths more than quadrupled since 1999 -- there were 4,030 deaths involving the drugs in 1999 , compared with 16,651 in 2010 . "  You 're talking about a drug that 's somewhere in the neighborhood of five times more potent than what we 're dealing with now , " said Dr. Stephen Anderson , a Washington emergency room physician who is not part of the most recent petition to the FDA about the drug . "  I 'm five times more concerned , solely based on potency . " Both Zohydro 's maker , Zogenix , and the FDA assert the drug 's benefits outweigh its risks . "  We do not expect the introduction of Zohydro ER  extended release  to increase the overall use of opioids , " said Dr. Brad Galer , executive vice president and chief medical officer at Zogenix , in an e-mail . "  In fact , prescription data from the last five years shows that total use of ER opioids is constant and independent of new entrants to the market . " Galer said the company will focus its commercial efforts on a small group of doctors with good experience prescribing opioids , so that only appropriate chronic pain patients would receive the drug . Advocates for pain patients say that concerns about abuse , while valid for some , are not necessarily an issue for those patients . "  We know that a person with pain is not a person who abuses medications , " said Paul Gileno , founder and president of the U.S. Pain Foundation , a group that receives some funding in unrestricted grants from the pharmaceutical industry . "  A person with pain is a person suffering to get pain relief in order to live a fulfilling life . " Opinion : How safe are your prescription drugs ? In their petition to the FDA for approval , Zogenix representatives cited examples of patients who might benefit from Zohydro : a 46-year-old male with chronic back and leg pain who had two failed back surgeries ; a 52-year-old female with metastatic breast cancer experiencing diffuse pain ; a 32-year-old woman with multiple orthopedic fractures . If Zohydro follows in the footsteps of its opioid-containing predecessors , such a narrow , focused patient group may expand -- to patients with low back pain , fibromyalgia , arthritis or countless other chronic conditions . "  The problem is , it costs a lot of money bringing a drug through clinical trials and then bringing it to market , " said Anderson , past president of the Washington chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians . "  You have to anticipate  the drug company  being able to market and get its money back . "  I see this as a marketing ploy where eventually it 's ` I 've got bigger , I 've got stronger , why do n't you prescribe this , ' and I 'm terrified of that . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Let 's end the prescription drug death epidemic Bigger , stronger opioids -- especially those containing hydrocodone -- are a concern . Hydrocodone  Zohydro 's sole ingredient  is one of the most frequently prescribed -- and abused -- opioids . For that reason , in October , the FDA said it intended to shift hydrocodone-containing drugs from Schedule III to Schedule II . That rescheduling  still pending approval by the Drug Enforcement Administration  would mean much stricter dispensing and prescribing rules for hydrocodone-containing products . At the time of that recommendation , the FDA posted a statement on its website that it " ... has become increasingly concerned about the abuse and misuse of opioid products , which have sadly reached epidemic proportions in certain parts of the United States . " A day after announcing the proposed drug schedule change for hydrocodone , the FDA announced Zohydro 's approval . It was a confusing juxtaposition , some say . "  Shocking , outrageous and genuinely frightening , " said Kolodny of the Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing . FDA spokeswoman Morgan Liscinsky said that Zohydro 's approval was separate and distinct from the agency 's recommendation about rescheduling hydrocodone-containing products . "  I find great difficulty  with  the wisdom of the FDA 's approval in terms of protecting the public 's health , " said Dr. Alex Cahana , professor of pain medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle , who was not among those who signed the letter to the FDA . "  Risk-benefit thinking suggests that not everything we can do , we should do . " Zohydro will enter the market already classified as a Schedule II -- one reason both the FDA and the drug 's maker are confident it will not contribute to the broader overdose problem . Zohydro 's labeling will feature warnings about abuse , addiction and misuse , and Galer said Zogenix is working on an abuse-deterrent version of Zohydro that should become available in three years . None of those precautions has assuaged concerns . Anderson said that while a small subset of patients may benefit from Zohydro , unleashing such a potent drug in the current environment is unsafe . "  Put more of this kind of drug out on the street and , I 'll see more overdoses related to this , no question , " Anderson said . Prescription drugs ` orphan ' children in eastern Kentucky	Coalition of health , consumer groups express concern about painkiller Zohydro The hydrocodone-based drug is set to be available in March One expert says FDA-approved drug is five times more potent than current medications "  It will kill people as soon as it 's released , " one doctor says .
CNN  -- Ghana coach Milovan Rajevac has selected captain Michael Essien and defender John Mensah in his preliminary 29-man World Cup squad despite the duo still recovering from injuries . Midfielder Essien has not played for his English club Chelsea since December , when he suffered a hamstring injury before breaking down with a knee problem at the Africa Cup of Nations the following month . Mensah , who also plays in England on loan with Sunderland , has been sidelined with a calf injury arising from a physical complication which has plagued him in recent years . Midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng , who also plays in England , was named by the Serbian coach on Tuesday despite still waiting for his nationality switch to be approved . Blog : "  Dynamite " Drogba will explode at World Cup The Portsmouth player was born in Germany , who he has represented at under-21 level , but has a Ghanaian father and his uncle has played for the Black Stars . Rajevac has recalled Inter Milan midfielder Sulley Muntari , who was dropped for the Africa Cup of Nations in January after deciding not to play in a friendly against Angola . New Ivory Coast manager Sven-Goran Eriksson named a predictably talent-laden 30-man squad , with his side favored to be the continent 's best prospect in South Africa . The Elephants , who face Brazil , Portugal and North Korea in Group G , can call upon the English Premier League 's top scorer Didier Drogba and his teammate at champions Chelsea , Salomon Kalou . The midfield ranks include Barcelona 's Champions League winner Yaya Toure , Hamburg 's Guy Demel and Cheick Tiote of Dutch champions FC Twente . Former England and Mexico coach Eriksson , who took over from Vahid Halilhodzic after a disappointing Africa Cup of Nations campaign , also has England-based defenders Emmanuel Eboue , Kolo Toure , Abdoulaye Meite and Steve Gohouri . Cameroon coach Paul Le Guen has given Rigobert Song the chance to appear at his fourth World Cup after naming the 33-year-old defender in his 30-man squad . Veteran midfielder Geremi , who also plays in Turkey , may play at his second tournament while Benoit Assou-Akotto is recalled after missing the Africa Cup of Nations through injury and his fellow Tottenham defender Sebastien Bassong is included too after being omitted for the Angola event by the Frenchman . Inter Milan striker Samuel Eto'o will continue as captain , having replaced Song when Le Guen took charge last year . South Africa coach Carlos Alberto Parreira named Benni McCarthy in his 29-man squad after the striker was dropped by predecessor Joel Santana and has struggled with injury since moving to English club West Ham in January . The Brazilian picked 10 Europe-based players , including captain Aaron Mokoena and midfielders Kagisho Dikgacoi and Steven Pienaar , but Nasief Morris of Spanish club Racing Santander missed out . Nigeria coach Lars Lagerback has given Nwankwo Kanu the chance to earn his third World Cup appearance despite the 33-year-old striker 's limited opportunities with English club Portsmouth this season . Kanu 's clubmate John Utaka has been recalled in the 30-man squad after being dropped by the Swede 's sacked predecessor Amodu Shaibu , while midfielder Jon Obi Mikel is included despite missing the end of Chelsea 's season due to minor knee surgery . Goalkeeper Bassey Akpan and Peter Suswan were the only Nigeria-based players selected . Algeria coach Rabah Saadane had yet to name his squad .	Ghana captain Michael Essien included in 30-man provisional World Cup squad despite injury New Ivory Coast boss Sven-Goran Eriksson makes no surprises in his selection Cameroon defender Rigobert Song the chance to appear at his fourth World Cup Nigeria striker Nwankwo Kanu in contention to earn his third World Cup appearance
