A 26-year-old Massachusetts man with a physics degree was arrested and charged Wednesday with plotting an attack on the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol with a remote-controlled model aircraft , authorities said . Rezwan Ferdaus , a U.S. citizen from Ashland , Massachusetts , planned to use model aircraft filled with C-4 plastic explosives , authorities said . As a result of an undercover FBI investigation , Ferdaus , who has a physics degree from Northeastern University in Boston , was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda for attacks on U.S. soldiers overseas , authorities said . His federal public defender could n't be reached immediately for comment . A law enforcement official said Ferdaus posed no immediate danger to the public because undercover operatives kept in close contact with him . "  There is no information to indicate he was connected to a foreign terrorist organization . It appears he was radicalized watching videos on the internet . He was given the opportunity to back down , but he never wavered " from his intention to carry out the attacks , the source said . Analysis : Model planes as weapons of terror The investigation also involved a cooperating witness , and authorities began recording conversations between that witness and Ferdaus in January , authorities said . Ferdaus began planning a violent "  jihad " against America in early 2010 , authorities said , and he began supplying the FBI undercover agents with cell phones rigged to act as electric switches for improvised explosive devices , intended to be used to kill U.S. soldiers overseas . Undercover federal agents also gave Ferdaus 25 pounds of fake C-4 explosives . Only a very small amount of it was the real thing , the source said . The FBI agents also gave Ferdaus six AK-47 assault rifles and three grenades , but they were n't functional , the source said . Between May and this month , Ferdaus also ordered and acquired a $ 6,500 remote-controlled aircraft , an F-86 Sabre , that he kept in a rented storage facility in Framingham , Massachusetts , that he maintained under a false name , authorities said . He also planned to use other remote-controlled models of military aircraft , authorities said . The models he planned to use are about one-tenth the size of the actual aircraft . Despite coming into possession of the plane , another law enforcement official said , "  The person was never really a threat . " Ferdaus is unmarried with no children , authorities said . A federal magistrate in Worcester , Massachusetts , on Wednesday ordered Ferdaus to be held until Monday , when a detention hearing is scheduled , authorities said .	Rezwan Ferdaus , 26 , a U.S. citizen , is charged in plot to bomb Pentagon and Capitol He was allegedly going to use a $ 6,500 remote-controlled plane laden with explosives He is accused of pledging jihad against the United States But authorities say he had no real ties to al Qaeda and was n't a real threat
Hong Kong  CNN  -- More Mainland Chinese travelers are jet-setting to foreign shores and global luxury brands are cashing in , according to a new survey by KPMG , the global auditing firm . The report also revealed that rising Chinese incomes are fueling demand for luxury goods right at home in the domestic market . The findings from KPMG 's "  The Global Reach of China Luxury " echo reports over the past several months that show Chinese consumers are able -- and willing -- to pay more . An HSBC report in September estimated that 25 % of the world 's luxury purchases were made by Chinese nationals -- a jump up from a 5 % market share in 2007 . The global management firm McKinsey & Co. reported in December that Chinese consumers had become the prime engine of growth for the luxury sector , surpassing Japan , which had long been the world 's largest . By 2015 , McKinsey & Co. predicted China 's luxury market would account for one-fifth of global sales with a value of $ 27 billion . The number of Mainland Chinese consumers polled who traveled overseas in 2012 climbed to 71 % -- a "  significant change " from 53 % in 2008 , the KPMG report said . Of those travelers , 72 % said they bought more high-end products such as handbags , cosmetics and watches . This rising tide of Mainland Chinese travelers means that global luxury brands need to take another look at their business strategies in order to take advantage , said Nick Debnam , KPMG China 's Asia Pacific Chairman of Consumer Markets . "  It is no longer just about doing business in China ... brands need to therefore align their branding and marketing strategies both in China , and for those rising number of travelling Chinese consumers , " Debnam said in the report . A majority of respondents -- 60 % -- said Hong Kong , Taiwan and Macau were their favorite places to go to pocket perfumes and cosmetics . One-fifth of respondents said they went to Europe in 2012 , up from 3 % in 2009 . Mainland Chinese are also recognizing more global brand names -- 59 in 2012 compared to 34 in 2006 -- and have attached specific sentiments to products based on their country of origin . Most respondents -- 89 % -- ascribed "  romantic " feelings to French products , while 72 % said German products were known for being "  precise . " Four out of five respondents linked the idea of "  long history " to Mainland Chinese goods ; just 15 % attached the same sentiment to U.S.-manufactured items . The KPMG report noted that "  China is not without its challenges " but despite the global economic slowdown the country 's "  consumer sector continues to grow and also accounts for an increasing share of global sales for some of the world 's largest luxury brands . "	More Mainland Chinese are traveling overseas , buying luxury brands , says KPMG 71 % of Chinese polled traveled overseas in 2012 , compared to 53 % in 2008 60 % of respondents prefer Hong Kong , Taiwan , Macau for cosmetics , perfumes 20 % of those polled said they went to Europe in 2012 , up from 3 % in 2009
FOB Tillman , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. troops have fired into Pakistani territory at least four times in the last 10 months in cross-border skirmishes that they say are in response to shelling from inside Pakistan , CNN has learned . The revelation is likely to stoke already tense relations between Pakistan and the United States , which hit a new low after a NATO airstrike last year killed 24 Pakistani soldiers along the volatile border . While the Taliban and Haqqani network , an Afghan militant group operating from Pakistan 's Waziristan province , are generally believed responsible for cross-border attacks against troops , an Afghan army commander says Pakistani soldiers opened fire on him and his men as recently as April 14 . "  When we went near the border , we were attacked with an anti-aircraft gun and mortars by the Pakistani army from their checkpoints . We are not only attacked from the Pakistani soil , but we are also attacked by the Pakistani army , " Masoud Karimi , an Afghan army commander , told CNN . "  We just saw them with our own eyes that the Pakistani soldiers were firing at us and on the same day we reported to the Americans . But the Americans told us that it was from the other side of the border and they did n't have the permission to conduct operations ... there , " he said . Army Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , a spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , confirmed Afghan soldiers were involved in a cross-border clash that day . He did not specify who opened fire upon the Afghans . U.S. troops do , however , sometimes fire back into Pakistan , as confirmed during a recent visit by CNN to Forward Operating Base Tillman in Afghanistan 's rugged Paktika province . The commander at FOB Tillman , located just a few kilometers from the Pakistan border , said he has fired across the border in response to being shelled from inside Pakistan . Army Capt. Charles Seitz said he did not know the exact number of times he returned fire . But when pressed by CNN , and asked whether it was correct to say that he had fired into Pakistan more than five times , he responded : "  That sounds accurate . " The outpost is one of a handful along the Afghan-Pakistan border , and the captain 's admission may indicate more cross-border violence than previously publicized . Cummings , the ISAF spokesman , said troops at Tillman have fired into Pakistan four times since June 2011 . Pakistan is aware of the cross-border skirmishes . Gen. Athar Abbas , a spokesman for the Pakistani military , said he did not know the exact number of times FOB Tillman fired into Pakistan , but that four sounded accurate . A U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue , said they try to liaise with Pakistani military forces first . But that communication does not always happen , Abbas said . He said that most of the time U.S. officials or NATO inform Pakistan before firing across the border , but sometimes they do not and Pakistani military checkpoints are hit . Abbas said he was unaware of the April 14 cross-border clash . FOB Tillman is named for fallen Army Spec . Pat Tillman -- the Arizona Cardinals linebacker turned soldier who was killed in a friendly fire incident in 2004 in Afghanistan , near the border . Relations between the United States and Pakistan -- complicated at the best of times -- have become especially tense in the past year . The deaths of 24 Pakistani soldiers in November added to anger already felt by Pakistanis over the U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden at a compound in Pakistan in May , and continued American drone strikes on targets in the nation . Former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , accused Pakistan 's intelligence service of protecting the Haqqani network , calling it a "  veritable arm " of the Pakistan spy agency . As a result , he said Pakistan bore some responsibility for the attacks . The combined effect was a chilling of Pakistani cooperation with the United States .	An Afghan commander accuses Pakistani soldiers of firing across the border Pakistani military spokesman confirms U.S. troops have fired across border NATO says a base near the border has fired into Pakistan four times since June A U.S. official says they try to liaise with Pakistani military forces first
CNN  -- What makes a leader ? Is it economic know-how , or military might ? Or is it a big thinker with a bold plan ? The U.S. election is just two months away , but there 's no reason Americans should be the only ones to get in on the fun . With that in mind , we asked viewers worldwide on our CNN International Facebook page what quality they believe is most important in a great leader . After tallying more than 2,000 responses from 143 countries and territories , the verdict of our extremely unscientific survey is in : Nearly four out of five  79 %  think a boundary-pushing visionary makes the best leader . Vote now on Facebook : What makes a great leader ? And despite austerity and unemployment in many countries , only one in seven  14 %  see financial expertise as the top attribute for the commander-in-chief . Those who 've hit hard times and were hoping to be caught by a social safety net will have found little sympathy from our Facebook voters -- just one in 20  5.3 %  want to see a social welfare advocate sitting at the helm of their government . More : Facebook CNN Election Insights tool And people around the world proved that , at least in theory , the pen is indeed mightier than the sword -- less than one in 50  1.7 %  told us a military commander makes the best leader . A few other things jumped out at us while crunching the numbers from Facebook . First , men outnumbered women three-to-one in our survey . To put that in perspective , women cast a reported 53 % of all votes in the 2012 U.S. mid-term election . More : Latest updates at 2012 Election Center Which countries seemed most interested in our survey ? Americans cast more than a quarter  27 %  of all votes -- more than five times more than second-place United Kingdom . India , Germany and Nigeria round out the top five . Most of you were aged 25-34 . If you were n't , it was likely you were 35-49 . More : Follow @CNNi and @CNNPolitics to stay in the know So what 's your verdict on our survey ? And what would you like to vote on in the next one ? We 're hoping to publish more of these on our CNNI Facebook page and we 'd love to hear what you think we should be asking . At any rate , it 's the first time we 've done a survey of this kind and we hope you enjoyed it . Please let us know in the comments below .	Four out of five say boundary-pushing visionaries make the best leaders One in seven think financial expertise is the best attribute 75 % of those who voted in the Facebook survey were male Less than one in 50 think a military commander makes the best leader
CNN  -- I believe in remakes . "  Father of the Bride , " "  Ocean 's Eleven , " "  The Parent Trap " ... Each version was a classic in its own time . And despite the fact that the recently announced "  Dirty Dancing " remake -- most likely -- wo n't hold a candle to the 1987 dance flick , I 'm optimistic . With all the buzz surrounding "  Dirty Dancing " 2.0 , which will be directed by the original film 's choreographer , Kenny Ortega , it 's easy to forget that this is n't the first reboot . In 2004 , "  Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights " was released . And this brings me to my confession : I really liked "  Havana Nights . " Before you skip down to the comments section and unleash fury , I am aware that "  Havana Nights " is n't nearly as good as "  Dirty Dancing . " Diego Luna and Romola Garai do n't even look like Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey 's understudies . But if you take it for what it is , a dance movie with its own spin on a classic storyline , it 's really an enjoyable flick . Plus , there are some pretty funny scenes -- whether or not they were intended to be comical , I 'm not sure . "  Havana Nights " worked because it did n't try to introduce us to a new Baby , a new Johnny Castle , or even a present day Catskills resort . It took what I have officially dubbed the "  Friends With Benefits " approach : Same story , different movie . "  Friends With Benefits , " starring Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake , hit theaters just six months after Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher 's "  No Strings Attached . " Both films featured two friends attempting to engage in a casual , sexual relationship . Of course , in "  Dirty Dancing 's " case , 17 years went by before another film adopted the plotline . Like the original , "  Havana Nights " is a period piece , of sorts -- it takes place during the late 1950s during the Cuban Revolution . At the beginning of the film , Katey  Garai  has just moved to Cuba with her family . There she meets Javier  Luna  , a bus boy and talented Latin dancer who teaches her some moves . Just replace a few Kellerman 's performances with a Latin ballroom competition , and substitute "  I 've Had  The Time of My Life " for Mya 's "  Do You Only Wan na Dance " and you can probably fill in the rest . Also , I 'm a sucker for movie montages . There 's nothing better than watching a series of events play out while simultaneously listening to a catchy track . In the case of "  Havana Nights , " about halfway through the movie , scenes of the couple rehearsing their moves on a rooftop and at the beach are backed by Wyclef Jean and Claudette Ortiz 's "  Dance Like This . " They even have their own , less challenging , version of Swayze and Grey 's dramatic lift . Here 's my point : The movie was n't trying to be the next "  Dirty Dancing . " It was simply recycling a winning formula . In the interest of full disclosure , "  Havana Nights " absolutely bombed at the box office . With a budget of $ 25 million , it only grossed about $ 14 million nationally . It could have been the relatively unknown cast . Though , Luna had a budding career in Latin America before channeling Swayze in 2004 . John Slattery and Sela Ward appeared in the film as Katey 's conservative parents . Maybe people felt protective of "  Dirty Dancing , " and chose to rebel against a film that dared to mooch off its name . With so many fans already up in arms over Kenny Ortega 's impending update -- countless groups opposing the flick have popped up on Facebook this week -- it will be interesting to see if people make it to the box office . I know I will .	I have a confession to a make : I enjoyed 2004 's "  Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights " With a budget of $ 25 million , "  Havana Nights " only grossed about $ 14 million nationally The remake will be directed by the original film 's choreographer , Kenny Ortega
CNN  -- Want to try for a cease-fire to end the burgeoning conflict between Israel and Hamas in Gaza ? Mix a cocktail of three ingredients : urgency , the desire of both sides to climb down ; an agreement that allows them to do so ; and a mediator to bring it all together . Egypt 's latest cease-fire proposal , clearly coordinated with  and accepted by Israel  , ca n't get us there -- at least not yet . Hamas , weak and desperate for a victory , is n't ready to stand down . And even if it were ready to do so , any agreement that 's merely a cease-fire wo n't provide a real solution to the Israel-Hamas problem . Indeed , without a more comprehensive solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem , a cease-fire , even if accompanied by more economic openings for Gaza , will at best offer a temporary respite for these two adversaries . Sooner or later , Israel and Hamas will once again find themselves back in bitter confrontation . We 've seen two prequels to this tragic movie . In 2008-9 , a conflict over Hamas ' high-trajectory weapons ended in an Israeli ground incursion and a unilaterally declared Israeli cease-fire . Then again in November 2012 , a weeklong conflict ended in an Egypt-brokered accord that lasted until the latest outbreak . There 's no real end state to this confrontation , in large part because of the diametrically opposed objectives of Israel and Hamas , a resistance organization whose very being depends on continued confrontation . Yet Hamas is n't al Qaeda or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Over the years , despite their enmity , Israel and Hamas have at times actually managed to find a way to accommodate one another . In a perverse way , Hamas and Israel serve one another 's needs . Hamas needs an enemy to maintain its legitimacy and popular appeal . And Israel may even see advantages in a weakened Hamas that can rule Gaza and control the behavior of smaller jihadi groups . At the same time , for those Israelis opposed to a two-state solution , Hamas ' radicalism and rockets represent an ideal argument as to why Israel ca n't make concessions to achieve one . And that 's why it is n't at all surprising that this round , like previous ones , will sooner or later have to end . Israel does n't want to launch a ground incursion , let alone reoccupy Gaza ; and Israeli strikes are hurting Hamas -- and Gazans too -- while Hamas rockets are unable to inflict serious damage on Israel . But de-escalation is n't a do-it-yourself project . It requires mediation , and for the past week nobody has appeared ready to take on the job . The U.N. is viewed as too biased by Israel . The United States rightly did n't want to jump in until both sides seemed more ready to deal . And with no ties with Hamas , Washington is n't especially well-placed to mediate . Turkey has influence with Hamas , but its ties with Israel are too rocky . The Saudis really do n't want to get into the middle of this . The Palestinian Authority 's Mahmoud Abbas has little influence with either Israel or Hamas . The Qataris do have close ties with Hamas and might play a role , particularly as bankers to pay thousands of Hamas employees , a key Hamas demand . So enter Egypt , the party that brokered the last Israel-Hamas cease-fire in November 2012 . But as Hamas rejection of the Egyptian offer makes clear , it 's going to be harder this time around . In 2012 , you had a Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt , led by Mohamed Morsy , that maintained very close relations with Hamas . After all , the Muslim Brotherhood spawned the Palestinian organization . This time around , you have a government led by Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , whose agenda is quite different . El-Sisi is no Brotherhood lover , to say the least . His rise to power occurred against the backdrop of what he perceived to be an existential threat from the Islamists . And he has made good on his promises of countering Islamists at home and in Gaza . El-Sisi 's government has been at the forefront of shutting down Gaza smuggling tunnels and keeps the Rafah border crossing closed  except for a brief opening this past week to let through some wounded Gazans for medical treatment  . This environment of extreme distrust between Hamas and the Egyptian government complicates matters . But el-Sisi may have other reasons to engage . He must be sensitive to the civilian casualties in Gaza , which can create political trouble on the Egyptian street , empower Egyptian Islamists , and force him to blast Israel , which he does n't want to do . And by prewiring the cease-fire with Israel , he keeps the Qataris and Turks who might take Hamas ' part in all of this at bay -- for now . Can the Egyptians pull it off ? This brings us to the deal itself . Hamas entered the conflict badly weakened by a terrible economic situation in Gaza . It needs some relief and some kind of victory trophy to justify the destruction in Gaza . It has at least three demands : release prisoners picked up in the recent Israeli West Bank sweep ; open up Rafah and eliminate other restrictions on moving people and goods ; and pay salaries for thousands of Hamas employees .  Qatar has offered to provide money for the salaries , using an intermediary , but Israel has thus far blocked these efforts . Israel , on the other hand , wants to make sure Hamas does n't gain too much politically . Squaring this circle wo n't be easy . Getting rid of Hamas ' rockets -- like Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's chemical weapons -- through some kind of international mechanism is likely a bridge too far . And a broader agreement that really guarantees long-term stability , with a real economic opening in Gaza and a formal truce between Israel and Hamas , just does n't seem possible now . This is the Middle East , not Switzerland . And right now , Cairo will be lucky to work out a more modest deal . Hamas will lose the political battle too if Israel accepts Egypt 's offer and it does n't . Right now , however , its military wing is resisting . Clearly , there 's more negotiating in the cards . An agreement that eventually delivers a return to the status quo -- quiet for quiet -- is hardly ideal , but it is more real in the world which Israel and Hamas inhabit than a more ambitious peace deal between the two . How long the clash will last is anyone 's guess , but a deal is preferable to the events of last week . The longer the fight goes on , the greater the chances of some truly horrific incident involving massive civilian casualties . That would make escalation , not a deal , inevitable . And nobody -- least of all the people of Gaza -- can afford that .	Aaron Miller and Josh Nason : Three elements are needed for a cease-fire They say both sides need to have urgency about ending the Gaza clash An acceptable agreement and a mediator also must be in place , they say Authors : Hamas is looking for some way to claim a victory from the confrontation
CNN  -- Petr Cech has told CNN that he wants a swift conclusion to the ` racism ' saga surrounding Chelsea and referee Mark Clattenburg . The Metropolitan Police dropped the investigation into alleged comments by Clattenburg towards Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel and Juan Mata on Tuesday . Clattenburg has denied allegations that he used "  inappropriate language " towards either player and the Football Association will conclude its investigation into the matter on Friday . Police drop probe into referee at center of racism storm And the Chelsea goalkeeper hopes the whole episode will be brought to an end sooner rather than later . "  For me it is difficult to comment on something that I did n't hear or was not even involved or even close , " Cech told CNN . "  I believe that if you come with something like that , you need to have a really good case to say it because if not it would waste time of everybody and again it would n't be good for football . Ferguson backs referee accused in Chelsea racism complaint "  If there was a case it is not because Chelsea want to do something , it is just because and again , I hope that this story will be finished as soon as possible . " Away from the investigation , Cech believes referees should be made to explain their decisions in a bid to improve their relationship with both fans and players . "  I think there should be better communication from the side of the referee towards the public as well , " he added . "  I think it would help . You have so many projects of respects for the referees and I think that would help as well . "  They are more open because like I said , the players come and say fair enough I made mistake , it was completely wrong , I should n't have dived , I should n't have done this , and you get the credit for that . "  And I think you 'll get respect from the people and I think this is what can sometimes happen with the referees . "  Their job is very hard anyway and we all know that but I think the communication could be better . "	Petr Cech calls for end to the saga between Chelsea and referee Mark Clattenburg . Chelsea goalkeeper told CNN : "  I hope that this story will be finished as soon as possible . " Cech urges better communication between referees , players and fans . Cech : "  There should be better communication from the side of the referee towards the public . "
CNN  -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season , maritime officials warned Monday . Suspected Somali pirates sit behind bars during the first hearing in their trial at Aden port court on July 15 . The Combined Maritime Forces urged crews to take up safety measures , including using recognized transit corridors in the Gulf of Aden and reporting to the European Union 's security center before transit . "  The prior preparation and vigilance of merchant mariners at all times of day and night is more important now than ever , " said Rear Admiral Caner Bener of the Combined Task Force . International forces made up of more than 30 ships and aircraft from 16 nations will continue patrolling the waters to help fight pirates , according to officials . "  While our ability to deter and disrupt attacks has improved over time , we are constantly adapting the way we do our business as the pirates adapt and modify their tactics , " Bener said . The waters off Somalia are rife with pirate activity , despite increased measures by military forces and shipping companies to ward off attacks . Heavily armed pirates have struck the busy Indian Ocean shipping lanes and the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean . They have captured dozens of vessels and hundreds of hostages , making off with millions of dollars in ransom . It was unclear whether a ransom was paid . The Gulf of Aden , off northern Somalia , has the highest risk of piracy in the world .	Earlier this month Somali pirates release German ship held since May Its crew was unharmed , NATO says Gulf of Aden , off northern Somalia , has the highest risk of piracy in the world
CNN  -- The crisis over the Egyptian constitution triggered by President Mohamed Morsy 's adoption of sweeping powers is just the latest chapter in a long-standing ideological struggle in the Middle East . Morsy , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate who came to power after the 2011 Arab Spring revolution that deposed long-time Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , says he needs the new powers "  to speed reform . " His rivals say it is all motivated by the Brotherhood 's Islamist agenda for controlling the country . Morsy is not the first -- and given the upheavals of the Arabic Spring , is unlikely to be the last -- Muslim leader to seek a constitutional way to create functioning state institutions in a region where the collapse of the Ottoman Empire led more often to tyranny or puppet regimes than strong democratic states . The drive to institutionalize the states of the Muslim world was the primary objective for most political parties in the region in the early 20th century . Muslim intellectuals , shocked by the tyranny and the deterioration of their nations - especially when compared to the rapid advance of the West both politically and militarily - tried to reverse the course by political means . However , they soon found out that confronting the old establishment would require more radical approaches . In 1907 , a constitutional revolution was declared in Shiite Persia , and a year later Muslims , Christians and Jews marched in Istanbul -- triggering in 1908 what was called "  the second constitutional era . " The events that followed eventually led to the dissolution of the Sunni Ottoman Empire . A decade later , the Ottoman Empire found itself in an unprecedented situation , defeated and occupied by the Western allies of Britain , France , Russia and Italy . The young Turkish leader , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , led a national movement , fought the allies and the sultan , then pushed for constitutional changes by which the last Ottoman sultan , Mohamed VI , would be a spiritual leader , or "  khalifa " , without any governing or symbolic authority . For the first time in the history of the Muslim world , representatives of the people controlled the state . Mohamed VI was later expelled from Turkey , and by 1924 the Caliphate system was abolished . This groundbreaking event left the Muslim world in both religious and political chaos . At the time when the Allies were establishing new states for old peoples in the region , scholars and clerics from Morocco to India went into extensive discussions about the vague future of the Muslim "  nation . " Their task was not easy - even Ataturk had his own fatwa , or religious edict , to legitimize his deeds , issued by "  pro-modernization " clerics . Divided about the ways to adapt to change , the most prominent Muslim clerics in 1926 decided to accept an invitation from King Fuad of Egypt to submit a plan for the future . The king thought that the conclusion of the conference would see him anointed as the new "  khalifa " of all Muslims , but his dream vanished . Many Egyptian clerics refused the idea of having a khalifa in a country under British occupation , and the liberal parties were keen to remind Fuad about the 1923 constitution which he had issued himself in the wake of the huge changes , hundreds of miles away , in Turkey . The conference in Cairo may not have been fruitful but it was decisive in reshaping the ideological map in the region . On one hand there was Sheikh Rachid Rida , an influential cleric from what is now known as Lebanon , who led the call to re-establish the Caliphate system . On the other side stood the clerics of north Africa , spearheaded by Sheikh Abdulhamid ben Badis from Algeria and Abdulkarim Alkhattabi from Morocco , who both praised Ataturk for his strong leadership , which they believed would benefit the Muslim nation . Amid confusion across the Islamic world over about the proper source of power , the legitimate ruler and the true nature of constitutions , Hasan Al Banna -- one of Sheikh Rachid Rida 's most loyal followers - in 1928 formed the first version of what would later be known as the Muslim Brotherhood movement . In one of his letters , Al-Banna stated he was moving in the direction of establishing the movement in response to what he called the fall of the Caliphate system . He later came up with one of his movement 's most famous slogans : the "  Quran is Our Constitution " . Much has changed in the region during the last nine decades , but not the enigmatic nature of constitutionalism in this part of the world . Numerous coups , wars and crises strangled or mutated any attempt to modernize the local states -- and old "  dictators " , whether they were army generals or liberals or leftists , continued to manipulate the laws . Constitutions were not social contracts , but rather a code of conduct imposed on the people . "  Subjects " were never transformed into "  citizens " , and basic rights were "  boons " granted by the rulers and could be easily revoked . Constitutions had become just another tool in the hands of dictators . During that time , most Islamic mainstream movements , including the Muslim Brotherhood , acknowledged the need for having fundamental principles to run the political process - an easily drawn conclusion , given the decades of oppression to which the movements were subjected . But the movement could n't overcome the critical duality of "  Quran is Our Constitution . " How could a divine script be protected by manmade principles and yet overpower them at the same time ? It is not a coincidence that constitutional reforms were considered a priority in all the Arab Spring countries -- and that popular Islamic movements in countries such as Tunisia and Egypt have the upper hand in redrawing laws . Muslim Brotherhood branches in North Africa , especially Tunisia , were able to make use of the heritage of sheikhs Ben Badis and Alkhattabi , and quickly abandoned the call for a Sharia-based constitution . For them , the Turkish model led by Recep Tayyip Erdogan to deal with constitutional problems is a better option . The task does n't look as easy for Morsy and the Brotherhood in Egypt . He is surrounded by Salafist hardliners who are trying to outflank him on the far right as the country 's "  true representatives " of Islam ; and on the other side is a coalition of liberal and national movements , including members of Mubarak 's old party , who are "  united in opposition to the vague ` Islamic Project , ' " according to opposition coordinator Mohammad ElBaradei . One can argue that Morsy 's constitutional decree unleashed a crisis , and that the draft is far from being perfect , especially for women and minorities . It might be a mistake , but it is a political one made by the first freely-elected Egyptian president . The most important thing to observe in this "  spring " is that those who were labelled as "  radicals " for decades are moving towards finding a constitutional frame for the internal political struggle . But those who are watching the scene from the West should keep in mind that the constitutional evolution in Europe was a slower and equally messy process .	Drive to institutionalize states of Muslim world was priority for most parties in early 1900s For years constitutions were not social contracts , but a code imposed on people Constitutional reforms were considered a priority in all the Arab Spring countries
CNN  -- With austerity measures exposing sharp ideological rifts between European nations , and a shadow now hanging over the future of the single currency , it 's safe to say that relations on the continent have seen better days . With this in mind , a new force has emerged to resuscitate the old ideal of a truly unified Europe . But it 's no political party , lobby group or think tank . The latest vehicle flying the flag for EU solidarity  quite literally in this case  is a 30 meter-long , 44 meter-high yacht . According to its founders , the "  Esimit Europa 2 " aims to promote pan-European cooperation and a sense of common identity through the unifying power of sport . "  This boat represents the best of Europe in terms of sailing , and it shows that people from different countries can set their differences aside to compete and win as a team . When you are not working together you ca n't win , and without winning there is no future , " said the project 's Slovenian co-founder Igor Simcic . "  Esimit Europa 2 " is the only yacht in the world that has been granted the right to fly the blue and gold European flag . It has also won the backing of two of Europe 's most powerful men -- the President of the European Parliament , Martin Schulz , and the President of the European Commission , Jose Manuel Barroso . Effusive in his support of the yacht , Shulz recently spoke about the importance of such projects : "  A yacht , navigated by a truly European crew , sailing under the European flag , is a strong symbol of European unity and cooperation . Europe needs such symbols , which have power to unite and inspire , " he said last month in a specially recorded video message , laden with suitably apt sailing metaphors : "  Today , more than ever , Europeans are all in the same boat and only together we can ride out of current storm and reach safe harbor . The "  Esimit Europa " project is a bright example of the optimism that better times are ahead , " he said . If only Europe 's economic prospects really were aligned with the fortune 's of the "  Esimit Europa 2 " . Its highly experienced 18-man pan-European crew , led by two-time America 's Cup winner and three-time German Olympic champion Jochen Schumann , has so far claimed 11 consecutive wins -- breaking two course records in their 2010 rookie season alone . More from Mainsail : Solo adventurer says she 's relieved to be back on land But working with so many nationalities on one boat  the crew is composed of representatives from six EU countries  poses evident communication problems . "  To become successful we had to agree on a common language , " says skipper Schumann . "  We chose English for obvious reasons , but as people do n't have that many words in their personal English dictionary we 've ended up with a very efficient and ` to-the-point ' language , which works in our favor during races . " Schumann , who grew up in East Berlin , believes his experiences -- both before and after the fall of the Berlin Wall -- has made him appreciate the vision of a united Europe . "  I am proud to be German , but I am also proud to be European . Being the skipper of this boat is very much like my personal vision for Europe . Of course there are always going to be some Europeans that feel more nationalistic than others -- even in a team like ours -- but as long as we share the same goal and work together we can win , " he said . However , at the moment there are few instances of teams competing under the European flag , with the rare notable exception of the Ryder Cup - the biennial golf competition between Europe and America . According to the University of Michigan 's professor Andrei Markovits , who has written extensively on the connections between sports and politics , the reason there are so few pan-European sports teams reflects the problem of individual emotional engagement . "  In sports where the emotional stakes are very high , such as football or ice hockey , it 's unlikely that these  continental  types of teams will appear because people care too much about their clubs and national teams , " he said . "  In sports where the emotional stakes are low it could work -- but then it will just remain cute and nice , simply because it does n't matter to people . It 's always easy to unite in intellect but not as easy in terms of your guts , " he added . The greater issue , Markovits argues , is that sport is by its very nature combative . "  In sports you will always have a winner and a loser . It 's a zero-sum game . So you have to ask yourself whom is a pan-national team competing against ? " Watch related : The secret world of the America 's Cup As things stand , the "  Esimit Europea 2 " is only scheduled to compete against boats represented in the big European regattas . But if its visionary founder Igor Simcic has anything to do with it , there will soon be a new breed of regatta . "  I think in the future you might see continents or regions race against each other , such as Europe against the U.S. and China , " he said . But with national anti-European sentiment spreading , and the Euro on the brink of a possible collapse , can a yacht really be the a symbol which unifies a continent ? Schümann , at least , believes it can . "  For centuries sailing has been a way of connecting countries and continents , " he said . "  So I think ` Esimit Europa 2 ' is a very fitting symbol of what we are trying to achieve -- which is to show the world that we are always stronger if we work together . "	The "  Esimit Europa 2 " yacht was founded to promote unity among EU nations Skipper Jochen Schümann is a three time German Olympic champion and two times America 's Cup winner The project is backed by the Presidents of the European Parliament and the European Commission The "  supermaxi " yacht is 30 meters long and has a top speed of over 38 knots
A Dallas apartment where the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States had stayed is finally getting a thorough cleaning , days after the diagnosis left four people quarantined there with soiled towels and sweat-stained sheets from the Ebola patient . After some delays , the first of three phases to clean the apartment began Friday afternoon . While the process will take days , at least sheets and towels that Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan used have been removed . Also out are the four people -- the partner of the Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , her 13-year-old son and her two 20-something nephews -- who 'd been stuck there for days . They had been ordered to stay inside the apartment until October 19 . By that point , enough time should have passed to determine if any of them contracted Ebola or if they 're in the clear . Judge Clay Jenkins , director of the county 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management , said Friday that Duncan 's partner slept last night on a couch pillow on the living room floor . But now she and the others have a new place to call home in the meantime : a private 4-bedroom residence in Dallas , which was arranged with the help of someone in the local faith-based community . "  They were very glad to be going and very pleased when they got there , " Jenkins said . "  One of them  got a big grin on his face , and he said , ' I wish somebody would get me a basketball . ' So we 're going to see if we ca n't take care of that . " The move added to a busy day for the quartet , who until then had gotten little more than brief stops from a health official and were told not to go more than a few steps outside . On Friday , they were visited by a hazardous materials team wearing masks , boots and yellow protective gear , as seen in photos tweeted by Dallas city spokeswoman Sana Syed . A large tarp was laid out , and several oil-drum like containers were on site . Some have criticized the fact that it took so long to start the process , given that health officials announced three days ago that Duncan had Ebola . At that time , four people Duncan had stayed with in the Texas city were ordered not to leave the apartment because of possible lingering effects of Duncan , from his clothes to toilets to silverware . Additionally , the Dallas hospital where Duncan is being treated has come under fire for how it handled his first visit there eight days ago . Duncan 's partner , identified only as Louise , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that hospital medical staff were twice told that Duncan , who was suffering with fever and abdominal pain , had recently arrived from West Africa -- key information that could have been a tipoff for Ebola , yet was never properly relayed . Instead , he was released with an antibiotic only to come back by ambulance even sicker on Sunday . Dr. Anthony S. Fauci , the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , acknowledged to reporters Friday that "  there were missteps " in Dallas as to how Duncan 's case was initially treated . But he also insisted that "  there were a lot of things that went right and are going right . " And Fauci stressed that , while there may be a case here and there , what 's happened with Ebola in West Africa -- where more than 3,400 people have died and public health infrastructures have become overwhelmed -- wo n't happen in the United States . "  Our health care infrastructure in the United States is well-equipped to stop Ebola in its tracks , " Fauci said . Official : 50 being monitored Until this week , Ebola 's impact on the United States has been confined to preemptive measures at airports and elsewhere to stop its spread , the deployment of U.S. military and other resources to West Africa to help corral the outbreak there , and the treatment of a select few Americans who contacted the virus in Africa and were flown back home to get well . But Duncan changed all that . He landed in Dallas on September 20 , started feeling sick days later , then made his initial visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital late on September 25 . He went back three days later and was quickly isolated , with a blood test confirmed he had Ebola on Tuesday . If he gets healthy , Duncan could be in trouble : Some in Liberia have accused him of lying on a pre-flight questionnaire about his contact with Ebola sufferers , leading to threats of charges by authorities there and prompting the Dallas County district attorney 's office to announce it is "  looking into whether or not  he  knowingly and intentionally exposed the public to a deadly virus -- making this a criminal matter . " For now , though , any future legal battles are overshadowed by Duncan 's fight for his life -- in isolation , in serious condition , at Texas Health Presbyterian . No one he 'd come in contact with has shown symptoms of Ebola , though officials were watching them -- 50 people in all -- just in case . These 50 are people Duncan came in contact with while he was contagious . Monitoring means a public health worker visits the contacts twice a day to take temperatures and to ask if they are experiencing any symptoms . Dr. Beth Bell of the CDC said officials are casting a wide net . "  We have a low level of concern about the vast majority of these people that we 're following , " she said . That sentiment was echoed Friday night by Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings , who pointed out "  there is only one person " -- Duncan , who is in isolated in a hospital -- "  that is actively showing " signs of Ebola . Only those showing symptoms of Ebola are contagious . "  We 're a little anxious , but there is no fear in our eyes , " Rawlings said of local residents . "  We will be safe , and we will get this done in the appropriate way . " Ebola in spotlight elsewhere in U.S. Duncan is n't the only person being talked about in the United States with real or possible Ebola . Howard University Hospital in Washington has admitted a low-risk patient with symptoms "  that could be associated with Ebola , " hospital spokeswoman Kerry-Ann Hamilton said Friday . The patient , who was not named , recently traveled to Nigeria and presented with the symptoms upon his or her return , she said . The patient is in stable condition . "  In an abundance of caution , we have activated the appropriate infection control protocols , including isolating the patient , " Hamilton said . "  Our medical team continues to evaluate and monitor progress in close collaboration with the CDC and the Department of Health . " Officials in Georgia also said they isolated a man with flu-like symptoms who 'd recently been in Africa shortly after his arrest early Friday for suspected drunken driving . But "  so far all of his labwork is negative " and "  we have no reason to believe that he has Ebola , " Georgia Department of Public Health commissioner Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald said . But there is one American confirmed with the virus : Ashoka Mukpo , a freelance cameraman for NBC News who was diagnosed in Monrovia on Thursday Dr. Mitchell Levy said his son , Mukpo , remembers getting some fluid in his face while helping to disinfect a chair inside a clinic where he was filming . Mukpo , 33 , a freelance cameraman for NBC News , started feeling achy and tired Wednesday , and he quarantined himself . A day later , a test at a Doctors Without Borders facility in Monrovia confirmed that he had Ebola . NBC News has said the entire team will return to the U.S. soon aboard a private charter plane . Levy said that his son will be heading to Nebraska Medical Center , which is the same facility where Dr. Rick Sacra was recently treated . Official : U.S. focusing on ` source countries ' As intense as the media attention is in the United States , the issues here are nothing compared to West Africa , where Ebola continues to spread through the living and the dead and where health facilities have often been unable to keep up with the outbreak . The U.S. government has been involved in trying to help countries like Liberia , with more help possibly on its way . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Friday that the U.S. military could send as many as 4,000 troops to the Ebola-afflicted countries . About 200 U.S. troops are there now , and Washington had previously committed to sending 3,000 troops . The U.S. troops will not treat patients , but will help establish health facilities and medical treatment units "  so that the health care workers can do their jobs , " Kirby said . Paying attention to West Africa , whether it 's getting Ebola patients well there or doing things to prevent infected people from leaving the country , is a national security priority for the United States , said Lisa Monaco , President Barack Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser . Monaco said Friday : "  We are taking steps to address the source , the people coming from the source counties and we think those are the most effective steps we can take . "	DA 's office : A "  criminal matter " if Duncan "  knowingly ... exposed " public to Ebola Crews have begun cleaning the apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan stayed County official : 4 quarantined were "  very pleased " to move into 4-bedroom home U.S. official : "  The United States is well-equipped to stop Ebola in its tracks "
New York  CNN  -- There 's "  no touching " this . "  Arrested Development " fans can hardly wait for its sweet return on Netflix at the end of this month , so what 's a few hours in line to get a photograph with the series-inspired Bluth 's Original Frozen Banana stand , making its way around New York this week . Fresh from touring London , the "  popup " stopped by Columbus Circle on Tuesday to promote season four 's May 26 release on Netflix . Anyone patient enough to wait in a line stretching around Central Park West and West 61st Street was treated to a chocolate-covered frozen banana for the occasion . Actor Terry Crews , who joined the cast this season , greeted the throngs . Posing with the two actors serving the bananas , he delivered a famous line from the series : "  There 's always money in the banana stand . " Like "  cutoffs " and the "  chicken dance , " that line stayed with fans long after it was pulled from the air in 2006 . Despite its cult following , the show lasted only three seasons on Fox . And its viewers , though few , were left clamoring for more . Produced by Ron Howard , "  Arrested Development " follows the bizarre moments shared by Michael Bluth  portrayed by Jason Bateman  and his eccentric family . The heart of the sitcom is its over-the-top characters played by Michael Cera , Will Arnett and Portia de Rossi , to name a few . New co-star Crews says his personal favorite is Lindsay Bluth , played by de Rossi . "  The Lindsay character is so pathetic in so many ways , " he said . However , he also has a special place in his heart for Tony Hale 's character , Buster Bluth . "  You really feel like they 're members of your family , " Crews said . "  And that 's what makes it so funny . Because you recognize all the dysfunction , even in yourself . " Crews calls the reunion of that dysfunction a "  miracle " and credited the "  grass-roots effort by the public and by its creator , Mitchell Hurwitz . " "  He put his whole life into bringing this show back for the fans , and Netflix provided the wonderful opportunity , " Crews said . "  It 's an iconic thing , and it 's an amazing thing to watch this happen . " Crews -- a fan of the show who said he was thrilled to get the call from Hurwitz to join the revived series -- considers the release of an entire season at once to be a game-changer for the industry . "  In TV , they love standalone , 30 minutes , all-encompassing stories over  series  , " Crews explained . "  When you try to carry a story on , it 's just so hard . With network television , it 's almost impossible . " But thanks to Netflix , he said , "  You can tell the story as much as you want , and you can follow it as much as you want . " The actor points to the success of Netflix 's original series "  House of Cards " as proof that releasing an entire season at one time can actually fuel fans ' hunger for more . And with only days remaining in "  The Final Countdown " to "  Arrested Development , " questions are already being raised as to what comes next . "  I think definitely the next step after this is a movie , " Crews said , adding to Hurwitz 's hints that he has tailored the new season to lead to film . "  If ` Veronica Mars ' can get Kickstarted into a movie , look at what the ` AD ' crew is about and what this about . We could make this happen . "	Fans in New York got a sweet way to celebrate new season of "  Arrested Development " New cast member Terry Crews says viewers helped bring the show back He believes a movie is the next step
CNN  -- A tornado touched down late Friday afternoon in Norman , Oklahoma , bringing scattered structural damage and a taste of more severe weather -- including a tornado outbreak -- expected Saturday in the Plains . No serious injuries were immediately reported in Norman , home to the University of Oklahoma and the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center . Forecasters have said there is a "  high risk " of severe thunderstorms on Saturday in portions of Nebraska , Iowa , Kansas and Oklahoma . iReport : Watch hail pound cars in Nebraska A severe thunderstorm is defined by the National Weather Service as a thunderstorm that produces at least one or more of the following : winds of at least 58 mph , hail 1 inch in diameter and tornadoes . According to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris , "  high risk " areas could possibly endure EF3 to EF5 tornadoes , packing winds of 136 mph or stronger . A tornado outbreak is likely across the central and southern plains from late Saturday afternoon through the evening and overnight , according to the National Weather Service . CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said the Interstate 35 corridor -- from Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , to Wichita , Kansas -- is a high-risk area . A second high-risk area includes portions of Iowa and Nebraska , where dangerous long-track tornadoes are also possible . Lincoln and Omaha might be affected . An elevated "  moderate " threat extends from Iowa and Nebraska , southward into the tip of northern Texas . This includes Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Kansas City , Missouri . A "  slight " risk area extends all the way from Texas to southern Wisconsin . Track the storms The predicted severe storms come as five National Weather Service offices in Missouri and Kansas are conducting an experiment on how to better convey risks from tornadoes and severe storms . The "  impact based " warning test , which began earlier this month , comes on the heels of the May 22-27 Midwest/Southeast tornado outbreak , including a tornado that killed 158 people in Joplin , Missouri . The National Weather Service is ratcheting up its efforts to combat complacency , with the help of graphic terms to ensure people find safe shelter . A tornado is confirmed , on average , only once for every four formal warnings . Forecasters in the test area will continue issuing traditional tornado warnings , but for "  significant " and "  catastrophic " scenarios , they can add information at the bottom of the warnings issued to media outlets . When a storm has the potential to cause "  significant " damage , meteorologists may include terms such as "  major house and building damage likely , " "  complete destruction possible " or "  major power outages in path of tornado highly likely . " In a "  catastrophic " outlook , descriptions may include "  This is a life-threatening situation , " "  You could be killed if not underground or in a tornado shelter , " or "  complete destruction of entire neighborhoods likely . " CNN 's Stefan Simons and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	A tornado causes scattered damage in Norman , Oklahoma Severe storms are expected in Plains states on Saturday A tornado outbreak is likely in high-risk areas , forecasters say Kansas , Missouri forecasters testing graphic warnings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal safety officials want the Federal Aviation Administration to immediately ground a type of small sports aircraft , saying six of the planes have broken up in flight in the past three years , killing 10 people . The National Transportation Safety Board questions the safety of the Zodiac CH-601XL . In an urgent letter to the FAA , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board says there is "  substantial circumstantial evidence " that aerodynamic "  flutter " preceded some , if not all , of the fatal accidents , and that more accidents are likely to occur if action is n't taken . Flutter is a condition in which airflow around the plane causes unsafe structural vibrations . The vibrations can quickly cause the plane to break up if it is not sufficiently dampened , the safety board said . The aircraft involved is the Zodiac CH-601XL , a single-engine , two-seater that was designed by Zenair Inc. . It is built by various manufacturers and also sold as a kit . In making its recommendation , the safety board said it reviewed six fatal accidents , including crashes in Spain and the Netherlands , and said flutter is the likely cause of the accidents . The board said it also considered other incidents that did not result in deaths . The NTSB said two other countries , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , have grounded the aircraft . The FAA had no immediate response to the safety board 's recommendation . A Zenair official did not immediately return a reporter 's phone call . But the NTSB letter says Zenair contends that the flutter problem can be addressed by proper cable tension , and asserted that a November 2005 certification flight test confirmed the plane is protected from flutter . But the safety board said the type of testing used may not be adequate to uncover all susceptibility to flutter . The NTSB said the FAA certified the CH-601XL as a Special Light Sport Aircraft in 2005 . This type of certification does not require that the FAA approve the airplane 's design . Instead , the airplane model is issued an airworthiness certificate if the manufacturer asserts that the plane meets industry-accepted design standards and has passed a series of ground and flight tests . The safety board is asking the FAA to prohibit further flight of the Zodiac CH-601XL until the board can determine that the airplane is no longer susceptible to aerodynamic flutter . "  The NTSB does not often recommend that all airplanes of a particular type be prohibited from further flight , " NTSB Acting Chairman Mark V. Rosenker said in writing comments . "  In this case , we believe such action will save lives . "  Unless the safety issues with this particular Zodiac model are addressed , we are likely to see more accidents in which pilots and passengers are killed in airplanes that they believed were safe to fly . " The safety board also found that the stick-force gradient -- a measure of the force applied to the control stick and the increase in lift that results -- was not uniform throughout the range of motion , particularly at high vertical accelerations or increased gravitational forces . The lessening of the gradient at high gravitational force could make the airplane susceptible to being inadvertently over-controlled by the pilot , which could create a condition in which the airplane is stressed beyond its design limits , leading to an in-flight structural failure . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	National Transportation Safety Board questions safety of the Zodiac CH-601XL Officials : Six planes have broken up in flight in past three years , killing 10 people Zenair , designer of plane , has said proper cable tension addresses issue FAA had no immediate response to the safety board 's recommendation
CNN  -- Loud music pumps through huge speakers , front row guests cheer and a parade of stunning models electrifies the gleaming catwalk -- welcome to Africa Fashion Week London . Currently in its third year , the glamorous event saw dozens of big names and up-and-coming designers from across the continent descending on the UK capital 's hip district of Shoreditch to unveil their latest stylish creations . "  Our platform is about promoting emerging and established Africa-inspired designers , " said Ronke Ademiluyi , founder of the event , held from August 1 to 3 . "  The main thing is to bring attention to them , to showcase their creativity to the world so they get more global recognition for what they do and more appreciations for their brands as well . " Vibrant colors The runways featured designs from countries such as Nigeria , Ghana , South Africa , Congo , Zambia , Zimbabwe , Botswana , Kenya and Morocco -- but also from the diaspora , including Britain and the Caribbean . In many ways , the event reaffirmed why Africa-inspired designs are fast catching the eye of the fashion world . Mixing current trends with traditional patterns , more than 60 designers graced the catwalk with a wide array of colorful creations -- everything from show-stopping evening gowns and modern urban casualwear to bold textured prints and chic accessory lines . Glorious colors in the desert : Darfur 's fashionable women Ademiluyi says the continent 's fashion today "  represents a fusion of contemporary and African designs " awash with "  a lot of vibrant colors and tribal trends . " Amongst those giving a modern twist to traditional styles is Nigerian designer Fashola Olayinka with her Lagos-based label "  MOOFA Designs . " Her latest collection , "  Ashake " is celebrating the "  very powerful and strong women " who "  turn heads wherever they go to . " "  That 's basically what 's the collection is about , " says Olayinka , who started the label about four years ago . "  Women who are very feminine and sexy . " Read this : Congo 's designer dandies The young designer says that despite the existing challenges , such as frequent power cuts , it 's very exciting being part of Nigeria 's fashion scene right now . "  We work hard and we party hard , so it 's been really fun and it 's a growing process in Nigeria , " she says . "  Nigerians like to dress up and a lot of people in Nigeria are now wearing their own fabrics . " Profile boost But despite the growing interest in African designs , Ademiluyi says that many of the continent 's promising talents still find it difficult to break into the mainstream international shows . She says that for many of them , the week is a chance to shine on the international stage . "  A lot of them are talented but they 're struggling , " she says . "  They do n't have support from anywhere , so what we do is we support them -- it 's an affordable platform for the designers to showcase their talents to the world . " Read this : Taking African colors to America 's Deep South South African fashion artist Steve Mandy agrees . He says that events like this help participants boost their profile both internationally and at home . "  You can meet some really important people here and I have already met some great people here that I think I 'll do business with , " says Durban-based Mandy , known for hand-painting on dresses and t-shirts . "  The other thing is the spin-off in terms of your own image , in terms of our audience back in South Africa -- the fact that you can say that you did African Fashion Week it promotes you and helps your product to gain integrity . " Looking ahead , Ademiluyi says the goal is to hold the event twice a year and also establish a supply platform that would make the designers ' creations more accessible to the world . "  For a lot of them , after Africa Fashion Week , that 's it , " she says . "  The clients do n't know where to get their brand , so we hope to support the designers a lot more by opening up a distribution outlet . "	Africa Fashion Week London was held from August 1 to 3 Inaugurated in 2011 , the event promotes emerging and established designers Organizers say they aim to hold the event twice a year and set up a distribution outlet
LONDON , England -- UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban following his horror tackle on Celtic 's Scott Brown last week . Augustin Binya , right , lunges towards Celtic midfielder Scott Brown during Benfica 's 1-0 defeat in Glasgow . The Cameroon international was sent off for the challenge in his side 's 1-0 defeat in the Champions League match in Glasgow last Wednesday . Scotland international Brown avoided injury , but claimed Binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that Europe 's governing body take further action . Binya , 24 , apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee Martin Hansson of Sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match . But UEFA 's control and disciplinary body announced their sanction on Friday morning , having deliberated on the case on Thursday . In a statement on uefa.com , Binya 's challenge was described as one which "  seriously endangered the physical health of the opposing player " . Benfica can appeal against the ban , which rules Binya out of the Portuguese club 's remaining Group D matches against AC Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk . If unsuccessful , he will also miss any matches in the knockout stages of the Champions League or UEFA Cup . The suspension will also carry over to future seasons if , as seems likely , Benfica finish bottom of Group D and bow out of Europe for this campaign . Brown , who has been passed fit for Scotland 's Euro 2008 qualifier against Italy , said straight after the Benfica match : "  He obviously tried to do me as hard as possible . " It is the second time that UEFA has had to intervene following an incident involving Celtic this season . AC Milan keeper Dida was handed a two-match ban , subsequently reduced to one on appeal , after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the Scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the Brazilian in the face . Celtic were fined $ 50,000 and barred the supporter for life . E-mail to a friend	UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match ban The Cameroon international was sent off for bad tackle on Celtic 's Scott Brown Brown was lucky to escape injury in incident during Champions League match
CNN  -- Three American Airlines flight attendants were injured Sunday when a flight bound for Miami , Florida , encountered severe turbulence . Flight 980 from Recife , Brazil to Miami was carrying 167 passengers . No passengers were injured , according to American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith . Three of six flight attendants on board were injured . The turbulence hit about two hours into the flight , passengers told CNN affiliate WFOR . "  Everything was fine and the next minute the plane just fell , a huge drop , " passenger Gillas Correa told WFOR . People were screaming and crying , Correa said . "  There was a woman who was sitting a couple rows behind us ; she got thrown up in the air and landed in the hallway . " All six flight attendants were taken to Miami area hospitals to be observed and treated , Smith said via e-mail . "  Fortunately , no passengers were injured . Five of the flight attendants were checked and released . One remained in the hospital overnight for further observation . " Correa said one flight attendant was injured by a falling food cart . "  She hit the ceiling and when she came down the cart hit her , " he said .	Three flight attendants were injured in severe turbulence The flight from Brazil to Miami was carrying 167 passengers No passengers were injured , the airline said
CNN  -- A Muslim civil liberties group filed a lawsuit Friday against the federal government for allegedly violating the First Amendment rights of Michigan Muslims and violating a 1993 federal law that upholds the free practice of religion . The Council on American-Islamic Relations said U.S. border agents and the FBI infringed upon those rights with invasive questionings at the U.S.-Canada border . The group says Muslims have been detained , handcuffed and interrogated there without reason . "  They put me against the wall , and he handcuffed me and he went throughout my body , " one of the plaintiffs , Ali Suleiman Ali , told CNN affiliate WDIV . The group says the agencies violated the 1993 Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which says the federal government can not substantially burden a person 's free exercise of religion . Agents allegedly asked "  How many times a day to you pray ? " "  Do you pray your morning prayer in the mosque ? " and "  Who else prays in your mosque ? " according to CAIR . "  Invasive religious questioning of American citizens without evidence of criminal activity is not only an affront to the Constitution , but is also a waste of limited resources , " CAIR-Michigan Executive Director Dawud Walid said . U.S. Customs and Border Protection responded Friday , saying that it "  strictly prohibits profiling on the basis of race or religion . " "  In determining whether individuals are admissible into the United States , CBP utilizes specific facts and follows the Department of Justice 's ` Guidance Regarding the Use of Race by Federal Law Enforcement Agencies . ' " The FBI declined to comment . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Civil liberties group says Michigan Muslims ' First Amendments rights violated It cites "  invasive religious questioning " at the U.S.-Canada border U.S. Customs and Border Protection says it prohibits profiling based on race , religion
CNN  -- The video showing Ray Rice punching Janay Palmer inside an elevator was released Monday . And everyone should watch it . In fact , you should show it to your daughters and your sons , as hard as it is to witness . We already knew that Ray Rice punched his wife and she was knocked unconscious , but when you witness the violence you can no longer turn this "  incident " into a tiff between drunk lovers or blame the victim : Janay Palmer . Many people had done just that , and speculated on whether she had provoked Rice . The Baltimore Ravens blamed her when they suggested in a tweet that she had played a role in the incident . The tweet , which was taken down on Monday , read : "  Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident . " What role was that exactly ? Her role as punching bag ? Her role lying unconscious ? Her role , as this FOX News anchor said after seeing her punched , "  in not taking the stairs . " Domestic violence usually takes place behind closed doors ; that 's because batterers typically hide the abuse . No surprise that Rice did n't assault her in the lobby but waited until they were alone in the elevator before he punched his wife . Victims are afraid of their batterers , and now that you 've seen the video , you understand why . I 'm sure Palmer was terrified of getting him in trouble with the police or the NFL , but thankfully Ray Rice was wrong : They were n't alone , the world was watching . We were watching as he knocked her cold onto the floor with one punch to her face , causing her to smash into the railing of the elevator and fall lifeless on the ground . We were watching as he dragged her limp body partway out of elevator and dumped her with her skirt up and bum showing to the audience in the lobby . We watch as he appeared to kicked her with his shoes on , perhaps to see if she would wake up . And as she regains consciousness , we watch her sit up then flop back down , head between the elevator doors as they are about to close . It is a stranger who kneels down and cradles her . Not only is the punch shocking , but Rice 's complete lack of care , remorse or concern for her as she 's lying unconscious is what sticks out . He 's a batterer and she 's a victim of abuse . Opinion : NFL , apologize to women for Ray Rice I 'm sure he apologized later to her and felt sorry . That 's part of the cycle of abuse : violence then a honeymoon period , only to be followed by violence again . Katie Ray-Jones , president of the National Domestic Violence Hotline and the National Dating Abuse Helpline , has said an abused woman will leave a relationship approximately seven times before she leaves for good because of the psychological damage that batterers inflict . There are countless reasons victims recant their stories or stay in an abusive relationship : low self-worth , financial worries , fear , even love . Instead of wondering why a victim stays , the world would do better to focus on punishing the batterer . The NFL , faced with new evidence that proves Janay Palmer had no role in this incident , regardless of what she might have said to downplay it , are doing what they should have done after the first video showed her unconscious on a lobby floor and Rice admitted he had assaulted her . The Ravens just released Ray Rice and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended him indefinitely . It 's sad that it takes a Pennsylvania daily newspaper to remove a child molester from the locker rooms of Penn State and TMZ Sports to remove an admitted batterer from their ranks . The NFL completely screwed this up from the beginning by interviewing Janay Rice with her batterer present and not using common sense and seeking the full video to begin with . The victim blaming has to end and the world must learn a lesson for the sake of all victims of domestic abuse . NFL officials knew what he did , but it was only when they had to watch it that they did the right thing . Janay , wherever you are , and despite what some will say , you need to know you have done nothing wrong . You are a victim . And when Ray Rice made the choice to punch you , he made a choice that will forever determine his fate .	Mel Robbins : Everyone should watch the video of Ray Rice punching his then-fiance Seeing it , you ca n't say , as some have  including the Ravens  that she was culpable She says domestic violence happens behind closed doors ; there Rice abuse terrible Robbins : NFL dumped Rice . Victim blaming has to stop . Janay , you were the victim here
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Sevket Sahintas works the night shift driving his taxi around Istanbul , Turkey , from midnight until dawn . Sevket Sahintas says he did n't know anything about photography when he began snapping photos . His route takes him past symbols of wealth old and new : the ornate carved stone gates of a 19th-century Ottoman sultan 's palace , the gleaming high-rises in the city 's rapidly growing financial district . Periodically , Sahintas stops his yellow cab not for customers , but for photos . Under a roaring overpass , he steps out of his vehicle and walks across the street to two homeless men who sleep huddled on the concrete under a blanket next to a half-finished plastic bottle of water . Sahintas pauses for a moment and presses a button on his small camera . A flash erupts , then he turns and walks slowly back to the car . In addition to being a cabbie , Sahintas is a self-taught photographer . He focuses his lens on the poorest segments of Istanbul 's society . Sahintas , who began driving a taxi when he was 19 , said he started taking photos five years ago when he began working the night shift . Watch Sahintas as he photographs street scenes " "  I saw people on the street in winter . They were cold at night , " he said . "  To make their voices heard , I wanted to buy a camera and show that these people are living in difficult conditions . That 's how it started . " Sahintas takes photos of homeless people , who often sleep barefoot in bus stops next to billboards where smiling models advertise everything from ice cream bars to credit cards . See the streets through Sahintas ' lens " "  I like to capture those contradictions , " he said . "  Happy smiling people on the ad boards beside that unhappy person who is trying to sleep . I want the happy people to see that minority and do something about it . " Sahintas also takes black-and-white portraits of the other characters who roam Istanbul 's streets at night : dirty street children , garbage pickers , transvestite prostitutes . Eventually , Sahintas ' nocturnal perspective on Turkey 's largest city began attracting attention , both at home and overseas . This month , an exhibit of his photos titled "  The Other Side of the Night , " is on display in an Istanbul gallery . "  Basically , we were amazed by his photos , " said Anna Heidenhain , one of the directors of Manzara Perspectives , the art program displaying Sahintas ' work . She compares his photographs to the social documentary form of photography that rose to prominence in the 1930s . iReport.com : Share your view of the world But Sahintas is the first to acknowledge he approached photography as an amateur . "  I did n't know anything about photography , " he said . "  I did n't know any technical terms , just an on and an off button . " He keeps an eye out for subjects while driving Istanbul 's winding streets . At 2 a.m. , he spotted a freelance garbage-picker patrolling Istanbul and hauling giant rolling carts through traffic . Sahintas stopped and met with the man , named Yasar , and offered him a cigarette . Yasar told Sahintas he scavenges packing paper and cardboard boxes from garbage bins for resale to private recycling companies . Working until dawn , he can make the equivalent of $ 7 a night to feed his family of six . "  We are struggling to earn enough money to buy bread , " Yasar said , before trundling off into the night with his cargo of paper , a lit cigarette hanging from his lips . This week Turkey , one of the world 's 20 wealthiest economies , is holding an annual meeting of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund . The delegates are expected to discuss ways to battle poverty and strategies to prevent a repeat of last year 's global economic crisis . But Sahintas disagrees with experts who rate economies based on gross domestic product . A country 's wealth "  should be related to how that money is distributed , " he said . "  If all the money is controlled by a few monopolies , I believe it shows a country 's poverty , not its wealth . " Sahintas ' work highlights the huge income gap in Turkish society . Even though the Turkish economy enjoyed steady growth for much of the past decade , the latest government statistics show that nearly one in five Turks live below the poverty line . During the past year , the economic crisis pummeled Turkey 's export-driven industries , pushing unemployment to record highs . The downturn has hit many Turks -- from Istanbul 's garbage-pickers , who say there is less useful trash to scavenge , to the city 's cabbies , who complain that fewer customers can afford their services . Still , at the station from where Sahintas operates his cab , taxi drivers are quick to heap praise on their colleague . "  We are proud of our friend . We like his pictures , as well , " Tolga Donmez said between glasses of steaming hot Turkish tea . "  He makes us want to learn new skills , as well . " Despite the attention , Sahintas does n't make enough money from his photos to earn a living . For that , the photographer has to work the night shift in his yellow cab .	Cabbie 's familiarity with cameras once consisted only of "  an on and an off button " Sevket Sahintas garnering attention for photos taken on his night shift Fellow cabbie says , "  He makes us want to learn new skills , as well " Sahintas wants Istanbul 's "  happy people " to see how cold , poor residents live
Sprint tumbled to last place in this year 's Consumer Reports rankings for U.S. wireless service providers , based on a survey of users . Although it trailed only first-place Verizon in overall customer satisfaction among major carriers , Sprint got what Consumer Reports called "  dismal marks " for value , voice , text and 4G reliability . "  Our latest cell service satisfaction survey revealed a somewhat precipitous decline by Sprint that shuffled the rankings of the major standard service providers , " said Glenn Derene , electronics content development team leader for Consumer Reports . "  And smaller , no-frills , no-contract and prepaid service providers continue to do a better job of satisfying customers , and provide an increasingly viable alternative to some of the expensive , long-term contracts that many consumers find themselves locked into . " The rankings , released Thursday , were based on a survey of 58,399 wireless subscribers . Sprint said the slip likely is due to improvements the company is making to its network . "  We 've asked customers during the past year to ` pardon our dust ' as we build out and upgrade our network , " Sprint said in a statement . "  We 're working to deliver an advanced wireless network that we believe over time will deliver unmatched speed and performance to our customers . " NFL lagging on stadium Wi-Fi The statement said that , in markets where the work is complete , the company is seeing higher customer satisfaction . It noted an American Customer Satisfaction Index report this year that ranked Sprint as the most-improved company across 47 industries during the past five years . "  The findings in the Consumer Reports ' survey indicate we still have work to do and only serve to make us even more committed to providing outstanding wireless service to our customers , " the statement said . Small providers scored well with Consumer Reports , beating out the nation 's major players . Consumer Cellular was the overall leader , gaining high scores across the board even though , as Consumer Reports pointed out , it uses the same network as AT&T , which ranked lower . Many small carriers offer no-contract and prepaid plans that some consumers prefer . AT&T , which along with T-Mobile finished in the middle of the field among major carriers , was the only company to receive the highest ranking for the reliability of its 4G service . T-Mobile lets customers upgrade phones twice a year According to the Consumer Reports survey , 38 % of respondents who had data plans that set limits on usage used only half , or less , of their monthly allotment . That , the group said , may mean many customers paid for wireless service they did n't need . More detailed survey results are expected to be posted Thursday on the Consumer Reports website . Side effect of larger smartphones : More data usage	Sprint drops to last in Consumer Reports rankings of wireless carriers Verizon was top-ranked major service provider Sprint says slip likely due to ongoing upgrades to its network
SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- The three Americans rescued Wednesday after more than five years in captivity in the jungles of Colombia appear to be in good health , doctors said Thursday . Keith Stansell , left , Marc Gonsalves , center , and Thomas Howes sit in an aircraft after being rescued Wednesday . "  They 're very resilient , they 're very stress-hardy and they 're doing very well , and so I think that certainly is a good-news story , " said Col. Carl Dickens , a psychologist at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas . Marc Gonsalves , Thomas Howes and Keith Stansell arrived there late Wednesday on an Air Force C-17 to undergo a battery of medical tests and debriefings . All three are U.S. government contractors who were captured by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , in February 2003 when their plane crashed in a remote region of the country . They will begin reuniting with their families Thursday . "  They are very grateful , very excited to be home , " said Air Force staff Sgt. Daryl Bradley , who accompanied the three men on the flight Wednesday from Colombia to Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio . Watch CNN 's Brian Todd report on the hostages ' return " "  They ca n't wait to see their families , ca n't wait to see the differences in the United States , and they 're just absolutely pleased to be home . " Learn about the freed hostages " A plane the men were on crashed in February 2003 in a remote region of Colombia . They were among 15 hostages , including ex-Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , rescued Wednesday in a Colombian military operation . Read how the military faked out the rebels The FARC still holds more than 700 hostages in camps scattered throughout the jungle . Bradley , who is a paramedic , earlier said all three Americans appeared to be in good medical condition . Marc Gonsalves ' father said he would see his son Thursday . "  We have a lot to talk about , " George Gonsalves told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  There 's been a lot of things that have happened , and I 'm sure there 's a lot of things that have happened with him that we 'd certainly like to exchange a little conversation for about two or three hours anyway . " Keith Stansell said he was on the beach when his stepfather called with the news of his father 's release . "  I did n't even know what to do , " he said . "  I just started freaking out -- screaming , yelling . I ran as fast as I could off the beach . " Watch the Stansell family eagerly await the former captive 's return " His sister , Lauren , said she was at home when the phone rang with the news . "  I knew when I heard the other voice that she had good news . I knew it was good news about Dad , " she said . Amanda Howes said she learned about her uncle Thomas Howes ' release from a bulletin on her computer at a TV station , where she works in Boston , Massachusetts . "  A news alert crossed on the bottom of the screen , I click on it and it 's this wonderful news , " she said . "  I literally screamed with enjoyment . I started shaking . Of course , everyone was like ... ` What 's the hot news tip ? ' " Adm. James Stavridis , head of the U.S. military 's Southern Command , has kept a picture of the hostages on his desk since taking his post in 2006 and said their release has been one of his top priorities . "  You could hear the cheers throughout the building when we announced the success of the rescue , " he said . Watch the hostages land on U.S. soil " The U.S. government considers the FARC a terrorist group and has refused to negotiate with it while publicly urging the rebels to release the Americans . The FARC , which has fought a long-standing and complicated conflict with Colombia 's government and right-wing paramilitary groups , defends the taking of captives as a legitimate act of war . Background on FARC " Before news of the rescue broke Wednesday , U.S. Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee , said he had mentioned the three Americans in talks with government officials during his visit to Colombia -- part of a three-day trip to Latin America -- and that Colombian President Alvaro Uribe had briefed him on the planned raid Tuesday night . "  It is great news , " McCain said . "  Now we must renew our efforts to free all of the other innocent people held hostage . " Months after the men 's capture , a Colombian journalist filmed the three at a rebel camp , where FARC commanders branded them CIA spies and prisoners of war . A few months ago , family members saw footage of their loved ones from a captured rebel video . "  It 's been a long haul here , " George Gonsalves said at the time . "  It has been a very trying experience , to say the least , not knowing how he is doing , what he is doing . " The video showed Marc Gonsalves brushing bugs away from his face and Stansell staring silently into the camera . Only Howes spoke , giving details about his will and telling his wife that he was proud of her . "  You think every year is going to be the year , " George Gonsalves said . "  That is what I thought last year and certainly I 'll hope for that this year . "	NEW : Three Americans had medical tests ; doctors say they are healthy Ex-hostages and relatives express joy at rescue operation Marc Gonsalves , Thomas Howes and Keith Stansell U.S. government contractors Colombian rebels captured three men in 2003 when their plane crashed
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- The hosting of the 2010 World Cup by South Africa was always going to be an occasion for celebration among football lovers around the world , but for former soccer greats who call the continent home , the event has a significance beyond mere fandom . Having moved from a period where only four African sides qualified for the World Cup in 44 years since the first event in 1930 , the continent now boasts some of the greatest stars in global soccer . Superstars like Didier Drogba  Ivory Coast  , Michael Essien  Ghana  and Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  may have global fame and great riches thanks to their talent , but for every modern legend from Africa there are just as many pioneers who helped break down the barriers to allow such opportunity . Former players such as Kalusha Bwalya  Zambia  , Abedi Pele  Ghana  and Salif Keita  Mali  may not be household names that roll off the tongue , but they all played a crucial role in breaking down the prejudice that existed , and hampered , the abilities of players from Africa . One such pioneer was Nigerian great Jay-Jay Okocha -- a skilful attacker who help guide the Super Eagles to Olympic gold glory in 1996 -- told CNN he believes that the World Cup proves African football has finally come of age . "  I think we have contributed a lot to world football and we are glad that FIFA have finally recognized and believe that we belong , " said the 36-year-old , who played in the top leagues in Germany , France , England and Turkey before retiring in 2008 . "  It 's not just a game for us , it 's like a religion , it 's like a tradition . We bring a lot of colors , we bring a lot of emotion and we bring a lot of enthusiasm to the game . " 2010 World Cup : A catalyst for a new South Africa ? Another great who did much to break down the barriers holding back footballers from Africa was Jomo Sono . The South African former striker played during the apartheid era and significantly was one of the first black players to take part in the previously illegal activity of cross-color matches in the 1970s . Sono was South Africa 's youngest-ever professional and easily one of the country 's greatest football talents . But despite playing for the Orlando Pirates and the New York Cosmos alongside Franz Beckenbauer and Pele , he was unable to play in world competition due to the international ban that existed on the racist South African government . For Sono , hosting the World Cup is bitter sweet : "  It 's difficult to describe , it 's difficult being an ex-player who never got to play . I feel like I could turn the clock back and play now . But everything happens for a reason , " he told CNN . Sono controversially sacrificed a lucrative career in America to return to apartheid South Africa in an attempt to help the country to change . "  They needed role models , they needed people who made it in spite of the regime , so  they  knew they could do it too . Was it a sacrifice ? Nelson Mandela spent 27 years in prison . That 's sacrifice . Me , I played football , " Sono said in an interview for Ian Hawkey 's "  Feet of the Chameleon " book . No African side has ever progressed past the quarterfinals of the World Cup , so many hopes rests on hosts "  Bafana Bafana " to perform well . As a former technical director for the side Sono had some words of advise for his former students : "  I know how the players are feeling . I 'll be speaking to them the day before the games . They will call me at night and I 'll say go out there and enjoy yourselves and do n't put pressure on yourselves , " he told CNN . Amos Adamu , a member of the executive committees of football 's world governing body FIFA and the Confederation of African Football  CAF  , said whatever the progress of South Africa , new standards are being set . "  African football has reached the stage where it 's compared favorably with football in any part if the world , " he told CNN . "  If you look at African players , they are all around the world and they are very outstanding players . I 'm very proud that African football has got to that level . " Adamu also attacked critics who have said that the cost of South Africa hosting the World Cup is too high , and instead claimed the tournament will leave a lasting legacy for the country . "  People complain that it 's a waste of money , but it 's important that the organizers and the countries know that the benefits are very enormous , " he said . "  No country hosts the World Cup and remains the same . Hosting these games brings a lot of financial social and economic benefits to the nation . "	Legends of African football gathered at a pre-World Cup gala dinner in Johannesburg Former Nigeria star Jay Jay Okocha believes African football has finally come of age FIFA and CAF official Amos Adamu thinks African football is as good as it ever has been Former South African footballer Jomo Sono will be offering advice to Bafana Bafana
Armed with her mobile phone , Temiloluwa Akinremi embarks on her daily online routine , scouring the internet to keep up-to-date with what 's happening in her city of Lagos , Nigeria . But these days , along with her daily dose of news and e-mail , Akinremi 's web expedition also involves one of her favorite pastimes : shopping . "  I go online every day , " says Akinremi , a 26-year-old store manager , "  to check for something , to just see if I can get whatever I want to buy . Online shopping saves you time and money because it is cheaper and fast , " she adds . Akinremi is among a growing generation of young , internet-savvy Africans who have embraced new technology , driving efforts in the continent to bridge the gap between the virtual and real worlds . According to the International Telecommunication Union  ITU  , internet-user penetration in sub-Saharan Africa has grown from 0.5 % in 2000 to 10.6 % last year . Although the figure is still far behind the world average of about 30 % , an increasing number of Africans are becoming more familiar with online shopping . Both the proliferation of mobile phones and the rollout of faster internet networks -- like the fiber-optic cables launched in areas such as east Africa -- have helped the expansion of e-commerce activities in countries such as Nigeria , South Africa and Kenya . In South Africa , 51 % of those with access to the internet are shopping online , according to a 2011 MasterCard Worldwide survey . In Kenya , a recent survey by TNS Research International and the Kenya ICT Board found that 18 % and 24 % of the 1,700 respondents go online to purchase music and movies , and electronic books . In Nigeria , Africa 's most populous country , internet penetration is at about 28 % , according to ITU figures , boosted by the rapid growth in the country 's telecoms sector . In recent years , the number of mobile cellular subscriptions has skyrocketed from 30,000 in 2000 to over 87 million in 2010 . Nigeria 's untapped mobile market Yet , the country 's online buying culture is still in its infancy . "  While internet usage has hugely increased in Nigeria over the past few years , the online shopping market is still quite small by world standards , " says Loy Okezie , founder of Techloy.com , a Lagos-based technology news and research startup . "  One would expect the Nigerian online shopping market to be huge and highly lucrative -- instead , the market is still at an infant stage , although with huge potential to explode in the next five years , " he adds . It is this big potential that has prompted the emergence of a new crop of internet developers in the country , eager to tap the money-making opportunities available online . One of them is Sim Shagaya , a Nigerian technology entrepreneur who has founded DealDey , a Groupon style group-buying site that offers its members in Lagos discounted deals on a range of products and services . Every day DealDey sends an email to customers like Akinremi with all the latest discounts such as restaurant and spa offers . If the required amount of customers is reached , members receive a coupon along with details about their purchase 's collection . Shagaya , who has also worked for Google and RealNetworks , says the model has struck a chord with customers looking to make the most out of the benefits of online shopping -- DealDey plans to expand to Abuja , Nigeria 's capital , and claims to have over 50,000 members since its launch in March , adding about 1,000 people per day , Shagaya says . Yet , promoting e-commerce in a country with high internet costs , slow connectivity and a bad reputation for online scams does not come without its challenges . Shagaya says that building a strong logistics infrastructure is necessary for the growth of e-commerce in developing countries . For that reason DealDey has invested in in-house systems as well as pick-up points where customers can collect their items . "  If you start an internet business in Nigeria , it 's not about a web browser or a mobile phone browser , " he says . "  Many times the internet is an enabler of a business but you still need an offline component , strong logistics , you still need to be able to have a physical presence in front of the developing country customer to keep that customer thinking that you are real and are here for the long-run . " Analysts say that a major problem confronting users in the country is the lack of a convenient and reliable electronic payment service that enables consumers to make payment for goods bought online -- the penetration of debit and credit cards is still low and in many cases online shoppers are still required to physically go to the bank and make a deposit to confirm their purchase . Okezie notes that Nigerian consumers with reliable internet access are still skeptical about shopping online , since there 's a feeling that such transactions are risky and prone to fraud . "  Consumers hardly want to make payments for goods via an online platform , especially since they would n't like to give out their personal details on the internet for fear of identity theft and other related issues , " he says . "  Most people still prefer to visit their favorite retail shops and make their purchases , where payments are usually made with cash , " adds Okezie . Samuel Abdulazeez , head of Nigerian operations for Kalahari , a South Africa-based online retailer that expanded last year in Nigeria and Kenya , says that shifting consumer behavior toward e-commerce and building trust is a gradual process . "  The experience has been that when people come in , they try to test with a little amount of order and then when we deliver to them they consider to buy and increase their amount , " says Abdulazeez . "  That shows us that a lot of people have that fear . " Yet , despite all the challenges , analysts believe Nigeria 's e-commerce sector has the potential to take off within the next few years as the market continues to develop at a fast pace . "  I think that Nigerians would eventually embrace online shopping as long as it offers them an easy , safe and convenient way to shop online , " says Okezie . And for some young shoppers like Akinremi , e-commerce is here to stay . "  Online shopping has already become a success story in Nigeria , especially amongst the youth of today , " she says .	A new crop of entrepreneurs are keen to tap the potential of Africa 's online market Logistics , high internet costs and consumer fears over scams are some of the challenges Nigeria has one of the highest percentages of internet users in Africa
New Delhi  CNN  -- When Priya and Rajendra Kachroo dropped their only son Aman off at medical school , they were both proud and tired . They had to hurry home to care for an ailing elderly parent . "  It was a fast drop , " recalled Aman 's father , Rajendra Kachroo . Neither had any idea what their son was about to face or they never would have left him there . Aman Kachroo , 19 , a freshman  or "  fresher , " as they are called in India  was about to embark on a torturous six months that would end his life . Aman , along with his new dorm mates , suddenly became the target of "  ragging , " a form of bullying or hazing usually inflicted by upperclassmen on freshman . Taller than his classmates , handsome and fluent in French , English , and conversational Hindi , Aman was wise beyond his years , his parents say . He had always been able to sort his problems out himself so they could n't imagine him being intimidated . "  There is a whole guilt factor involved in all this that I did n't know -LSB- what was going on -RSB- , " his mom Priya Kachroo said . "  Really , I could n't understand the size of this problem . " His parents knew something was going on when Aman came home from Tanda Medical College in Himachal Pradesh State and his hair had been sheered off . His parents said he told them that he was being ragged but not to worry about it because it would end . And it did . For him , it stopped after one night in 2009 when he was woken up by a group of seniors who made him and all his dorm mates stand in a line and then began beating them . Aman later died of a head injury . His father talked to him on the phone in the hours before he died and heard about what happened . Then , abruptly , his son was gone . When relatives went to Aman 's dorm room to pick up his things , they found a note with the word "  ragging " circled in the middle and words and phrases surrounding it such as , "  Prison like torture , " "  dictator " and "  Please talk to us do n't slap us . " It was Aman 's innermost thoughts about ragging and how terrible it felt . In the hours before he died , he also managed to write a letter of complaint to police describing what happened . His father later read the complaint and was horrified . "  Not easy even to think about it . It 's not easy . It is very difficult , " Rajendra Kuchroo said tearfully . Aman 's death two years ago triggered national outrage . Four medical students were later convicted of culpable homicide . But his is not the first , nor the last case to end in tragedy in India . Over the years , ragging on college campuses has resulted in dozens of student suicides , students being admitted to mental institutions , or students simply leaving prestigious schools that less than 1 percent of the population can get into . Rajendra Kuchroo says since his son 's case he has seen more than 30 reported suicides allegedly linked to ragging . The Kachroo case did effect some change , in part because Aman 's father decided to dedicate his life to ending the torturous behavior in schools . Now , some campuses enforce a zero tolerance policy on ragging . And Aman 's father took the case to the country 's Supreme Court and managed to get an order setting up parameters on ways to prevent ragging . Now , two years later , inside a bright blue - and orange-colored room , a half-dozen young people are chatting away on phone headsets . But it 's not a typical Indian call center , apparent with the initial phone greeting : "  You have reached the Anti-Ragging Helpline , " a young lady chirps . The helpline was just one part of Rajendra Kuchroo 's plan to do something about ragging . Students can call anonymously to lodge complaints about any ragging behavior . In its first six months of operation , he says the center received 150,000 calls from students saying they were victims . "  Those numbers in the last two years have gone to 250,000 calls with 850 serious complaints , and we still believe this is only the tip of the iceberg , " Rajendra Kuchroo said . He says he 'll keep fighting every day in India until the day the phones at the complaint center fall silent -- because students are no longer being victimized by ragging at school .	In India , "  ragging " is a bullying or hazing usually in college Aman Kachroo died after a ragging incident at his school His father has tried to create awareness and opened a call center for victims
CNN  -- A fourth person who died while in the custody of Bahrain police in recent days may have been tortured , Human Rights Watch said Wednesday , as it called for urgent investigations into the deaths of detainees . The death of Kareem Fakhrawi , 49 , was the fourth detainee death reported by the Bahrain government in nine days , the human rights group said . He was detained April 3 after going to a police station to complain about a predawn raid on the house of a relative , the agency said . Police reported he died Tuesday . "  Four detainee deaths in nine days is a crime , not a coincidence , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  The government tells families of detainees nothing about their whereabouts or well-being while they are alive or about the circumstances of their deaths . " At Fakhrawi 's funeral Wednesday , a crowd of mourners demanded to see his corpse because of concerns he had been tortured , then took photos and videos of the body , the agency said . A video of a dead body , purported to be Fakhrawi 's , was posted on Facebook Wednesday and showed a badly bruised corpse as people crowded around to take pictures . The body had ligature marks around one of the ankles and deep reddish-purple bruises on the entire upper arms and on a large part of one thigh . The face was black and blue and blood was on the right side of the neck . In a posting on Twitter , the Bahrain News Agency said an official at the Bahrain Defense Force Hospital attributed Fakhrawi 's death to kidney failure . Human Rights Watch said its personnel did not see the body in person , but urged a thorough and impartial investigation into allegations of torture . "  Bahrain is flagrantly violating the most basic human rights by arbitrarily detaining hundreds , keeping their whereabouts secret , and covering up the reasons for deaths in custody , " Stork said . The human rights agency did view the body of another person who died in custody -- protester Ali Isa Saqer -- and said it showed signs of "  horrific abuse " and torture . The human rights agency said there may be as many as 430 people who have been arrested in Bahrain in the government 's effort to quell protests there . A member of Human Rights Watch observed Saqer 's body Sunday after Bahraini authorities said he died in detention . "  His body showed signs of severe physical abuse . The left side of his face showed a large patch of bluish skin with a reddish-purple area near his left temple and a two-inch cut to the left of his eye , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  Lash marks crisscrossed his back , some reaching to his front right side . Blue bruises covered much of the back of his calves , thighs , and buttocks , as well as his right elbow and hip . The tops of his feet were blackened , and lacerations marked his ankles and wrists . " Saqer , 31 , died at a detention center in early April , according to the general director of Muharraq Governorate Police . Saqer was being held on charges of attempted murder of policemen while trying to run them over with his car March 13 . Authorities said Saqer was creating chaos at the detention center , and when security forces sought to subdue him , he resisted them and sustained various injuries in the process . He was sent to the hospital , where he later died . Human Rights Watch said there were at least two other people who have died in the custody of police in Bahrain recently . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke with Bahrain 's foreign minister Wednesday about the situation . "  He said he was very concerned about the violence in which demonstrators have been killed or injured , " a U.N. statement said . "  He called for maximum restraint and caution . " The foreign minister , Sheikh Khalid bin Ahmed bin Mohammed Al Khalifa , recently spoke to CNN about accusations that protesters were being abused . He said the demonstrations had quickly led the country to "  the brink " and that calling in the military had been necessary to restore stability and safety . "  Our economy came to the brink of collapse , " Sheikh Khalid said . "  So we had no choice but to protect the interests of our country ... from collapse , from total collapse internally . And from external threats . "	NEW : A fourth person dies in Bahrain police custody NEW : Human Rights Watch says the body showed apparent signs of torture Human Rights Watch says as many as 430 people have been arrested An official says police had to stop protesters who were harming the economy
EW.com  -- Remaking a landmark film ought to be a perfectly respectable proposition . After all , we see new versions of Shakespeare or Tennessee Williams all the time  whether on stage or screen  . What 's wrong with doing an updated version of a beloved Hollywood movie ? In theory , nothing , yet in practice , it seldom works out well . There 's something about how movies , with their singularity of mood and density of detail , imprint themselves on our imaginations that places the prospect of a remake somewhere between a rock and a hard place . Think about it : If you follow the original too closely , duplicating signature shots or lines of dialogue or acting flourishes , then you 're stuck in a mode of mindless imitation -- and what 's the point of that ? People might as well just watch the great version they already know  or , for new generations , have yet to discover  . But if you seriously update the movie in question , making a lot of eyebrow-raising changes , then you risk violating the essence of the original -- or leaving out too much of what everyone loved about it in the first place . When you get down to it , a " new " version of a classic is a contradiction in terms . Carrie , the rapturous and terrifying 1976 Brian De Palma thriller based on Stephen King 's first novel , is a movie that has earned its place as a quirky horror milestone without , perhaps , ever having quite attained the status of a masterpiece . Yet I personally think it 's a great film . There 's nothing that compares to its glittery fusion of dreaminess and dread -- of Cinderella-at-the-prom fantasy and blood-bucket horror , all mixed up with elements of '70s teensploitation comedy and primally entangled mother-daughter tragedy . And what acting ! Sissy Spacek , as the squashed-nerd telekinetic high school wallflower Carrie , and Piper Laurie , as her ragingly repressed Evangelical mom , achieved a tremulous power together . And De Palma , a prankish virtuoso , perched the whole thing on the knife 's edge between sincerity and satire . Carrie is a timeless movie because it 's both one of the most passionate and most scandalously funny horror films ever made . So what does one do for a remake encore ? Kimberly Peirce , the gifted director of the new Carrie , has gone down what seems , on the surface , to be a savvy road . She follows De Palma 's version quite faithfully , evoking everything from his camera angles to his lighting to his flying-object F/X to his gleeful staging of mean-girl antics . At the same time , she offers just enough tweaks and updated details to present the material in a new way . The fabled shower-room scene , in which the naïve , sheltered Carrie White  Chloë Grace Moretz  gets her first period and is shocked into thinking that she 's dying , now has an added fillip of cruelty : Chris , the most hateful of the girls , does n't just pelt Carrie with tampons and shout " Plug it up ! " She records the whole ordeal on her smartphone and then posts the video . In a neat reversal , Chris and her best friend , the popular but far more empathetic Sue  who feels so guilty about what happened that she gets her boyfriend to take Carrie to the prom  , are both portrayed against type : Nice-girl Sue is played by Gabriella Wilde , who looks like a vintage snooty princess , whereas the awful Chris is made into a pensive bohemian punk by Portia Doubleday . And Carrie 's mother  Julianne Moore  , a fundamentalist fanatic who tries to cut Carrie off from the world , is now herself a cutter who pinpricks her own flesh in secret . Moore makes her fierce , guilt-tripping , and scary -- but not , in the way that Laurie did , almost religiously possessed . Despite being 40 years old now , the Carrie story lives quite comfortably in the 21st century . Here 's the problem , though . The original film had King 's ingenious plot , with its fusion of innocence and cruelty and that subliminal wink of demonic takeover , but it also had De Palma 's voluptuous operatic style , which gave the story the quality of a daydream-turned-nightmare . When you take away that style and serve up the plot fairly straight , as Peirce does here , we seem to be watching a Carrie that 's been flattened , robbed of its over-the-top emotional extravagance . Given the challenge of revamping Spacek 's brilliant shivery-nerd-turned-avenger performance , Chloë Grace Moretz does a creditable job . In stiff hair and lumpish clothing , she 's very much the geek outsider  though today there 's a much greater context for geeks as heroines  , and the emotions seem to bleed through her ghostly , lunar-pale skin . Yet the way Peirce has updated Carrie White , without making any overt changes to the character , is to portray her as a little less clueless , a little less pathetic , a little more defiant . She 's now a cute , bright , painfully shy girl who sees herself  wrongly  as a loser . Before , she was a total walking blob of misery and dysfunction . That slight tonal shift robs the story of its masochistic edge . Of course , Carrie is n't merely a fable of adolescent agony . It 's all about Carrie 's revenge , once she 's subjected to the most diabolical practical " joke " in movie history . Carrie 's telekinetic powers , driven by the rage she represses , allowed De Palma to orchestrate a senior-prom apocalypse that was pure filmmaking mastery . Peirce stages the prom as a prosaic rerun , without a lot of gaudy inspiration . And it 's here that the real problem with redoing a classic reveals itself . Sure , a lot of famous movies are timeless , yet they 're also rooted in their time . In the original Carrie , Spacek 's character seemed to be channeling something creepy and larger-than-life -- maybe it was even the underworld . But now we 're a lot more accustomed to seeing movie characters mold their destiny through special effects , and since Peirce films the climax in a rather depersonalized , shoot-the-works way , Carrie comes close to seeming like an especially alienated member of the X-Men team . She blows stuff up real good , in a way that would make the devil -- or Bruce Willis -- proud . Grade : B -- See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The remake stars Chloë Grace Moretz The film has some modern updates EW gives it a grade of B -
Rancho Palos Verdes , California  CNN  -- Google , now an Internet giant , is learning that it needs to take more careful steps in regards to privacy . Prompted by intensifying scrutiny from government regulators and privacy watchdogs , Google is striving to be more sensitive to data-collection issues that often make people uneasy . It went so far as to spike a recent project Google engineers had developed because of fears of potential backlash , said Eric Schmidt , Google 's executive chairman and former CEO . The scrapped software would have let people include their head shot photos in a database so that they could be recognized by a mobile application when someone takes a picture of their faces . "  We built that technology , and we withheld it , " Schmidt said in an onstage interview at the D : All Things Digital conference here on Tuesday . "  As far as I know , it was the only technology that Google built , and we decided to stop . " That product was meant to be part of an app called Google Goggles , which is able to look at a picture taken from a phone and then translate text or recognize a building , advertisement or painting .  Facial recognition is , however , being used to power a feature in Google Maps 's Street View that blurs the faces of bystanders caught on camera . As recently as March , Google still had plans to eventually release the facial-recognition version of the app , CNN reported . Schmidt was less supportive of the idea at a conference two weeks ago when he said it was "  unlikely " that Google would release the software . With facial-recognition technology , "  an evil dictator could use that against you , " Schmidt said on Tuesday . "  We 're so sensitive on the privacy issue now . " Since Schmidt handed over the CEO reigns to co-founder Larry Page in April , the goal was to create an organization that operates more autonomously , that works like a startup , Google managers say . But to address privacy issues , Google has inserted a layer of oversight to reduce the recklessness that many fledgling companies get away with . "  Historically , we would just throw stuff over the wall , " Schmidt said . "  We now have a very , very thorough process . " Company lawyers and government-policy specialists now work with the development teams as they 're building products and brainstorming ideas , Schmidt said . It 's their job to wrangle expectations and ensure Google does n't overstep "  the creepy line "  to borrow a phrase from Schmidt  . Regulators say Google has crossed that line before , with its camera-taking vehicles and with Google Buzz . The latter attracted the ire of the U.S. government when the service published the e-mail contact lists for users . As a result , Google agreed to submit to reviews of its privacy policies as part of a Federal Trade Commission settlement . Schmidt , an industry veteran , knows that a series of stumbles can scar a tech company . He said at the conference that software giant Microsoft is no longer a top player among tech brands . "  Microsoft is not driving the consumer revolution in the mind of consumers , " Schmidt said .  However , it 's worth noting that in an interview with the Wall Street Journal last year , Schmidt named Microsoft , with its Bing search engine , as Google 's biggest competitor , ahead of Apple and Facebook . Schmidt 's big four is Amazon.com , Apple , Facebook and  you guessed it  Google . Honorary mentions go to Twitter and PayPal . Coincidentally , the latter is suing Google over its new mobile-payments service , called Google Wallet , which launches in Portland on Wednesday and was demonstrated at the event . Apple , which Google competes with on smartphones and soon laptops , was a recipient of much praise from Schmidt . He said Apple makes "  beautiful products " and has just renewed a deal to use Google 's search and maps services . He suggested people buy Mac computers over Microsoft 's Windows PCs if they 're concerned about getting viruses -- "  speaking as a proud former board member of Apple , " he said . Besides including Facebook in his list of top companies , Schmidt had little else to laud the social network for . The site is about connecting with "  every friend you 've ever had , including the ones you ca n't quite remember , " he said . Google has tried to partner with Facebook , but Microsoft usually wins those deals , he said . Facebook , too , has had to walk a privacy tightrope when rolling out new features . Responding to a question about Facebook 's growing presence , Schmidt said : "  I think the industry would benefit from having an alternative . "	Google has appointed lawyers to work with developers on new products For the first time , Google canned a finished project due to privacy concerns The product would have used facial recognition to find out who someone is
CNN  -- Mohammad Idrissou put Cameroon on course for a spot in the African Nations Cup quarterfinals with a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 Group D victory over Zambia . Zambia bossed the first half and went ahead inside 10 minutes through Jacob Mulenga . A terrible mistake from Zambia keeper Kennedy Mweene allowed Geremi to equalise and Samuel Eto'o gave Cameroon the lead in the 72nd minute . Christopher Katongo thought he had earned a point with an 82nd-minute penalty but Idrissou had the last word for Cameroon just four minutes later . The Indomitable Lions were looking to ignite their campaign after a shock 1-0 defeat by Gabon in their opening match , which was also a first loss for manager Paul Le Guen . But it got worse for the four-time champions in only the eighth minute , and it was experienced center-back Rigobert Song who was the architect of his own side 's downfall . Felix Katongo swung in a great cross from the left and , in attempting to head behind , Song instead drew a point-blank save from his keeper . Carlos Kameni , though , could only push the ball out to Mulenga , who was left with a simple tap-in . Zambia should have doubled their lead before half-time . Rainford Kalaba 's fierce free-kick was pushed back into the danger area by Kameni but Christopher Katongo could not direct his shot away from the keeper . And that was made to look very costly in the 68th minute when a calamitous mistake from Mweene saw Cameroon draw level . Geremi sent in a hopeful cross from the right wing that the Zambia keeper inexplicably helped into his own net . And the turnaround was complete four minutes later thanks to Eto'o . With Zambia appealing for handball , the striker collected Somen Tchoyi 's cross and fired into the far corner . But Kameni handed Zambia a way back into the match with his own rash bit of goalkeeping , scything down Mulenga on the left edge of his penalty area to concede an 82nd-minute spot-kick , which was coolly dispatched by Christopher Katongo . There was another twist to come , though . Four minutes later , Geremi swung in a free-kick from near the halfway line and Idrissou rose above the defence to power his header into the bottom corner . Meanwhile , Gabon added a 0-0 draw with Tunisia to their opening win against Cameroon as they put themselves within touching distance of the last eight . There was little between the two sides at the Nossa Senhora do Monte and a draw was a fair result .	Mohammad Idrissou put Cameroon on course for a last eight spot in the African Nations Cup He scores a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 Group D success over Zambia on Sunday Meanwhile , in the other group match , Gabon and Tunisia played out a dull 0-0 draw
Sunset  -- By the time we arrive at Ceàgo Del Lago Winery , on the northwestern shore of Lake County 's Clear Lake , we 've seen far more birds than people . Western grebes , thousands of them , bob peacefully until our boat gets directly in front of them . Then they dive upside down like toy ducks , showing their black-and-white behinds before disappearing under the surface . Lake County , California , is a haven for water recreation . So when we pull up to Ceàgo , we 're almost surprised to see a couple of bass fishermen casting right off the dock . People at last ! "  Catch anything ? " my husband calls out . "  Nah , " says one , without looking up . His friend chimes in , "  But at least it 's a nice place to hang out . " And then , gesturing to Ceàgo : "  And the wine over there 's pretty good too . " The scene sums up what 's so nice about visiting Northern California 's Lake County . Even with a burgeoning wine scene , Lake County is still first and foremost a haven of water recreation and summertime fun . If you 're looking for the opposite of tony Napa , it does n't get much more un-Napa than this . The fun center of the wine country Two-and-a-half hours north of San Francisco and two hours northwest of Sacramento , Clear Lake has long been party central for college kids drawn here for water-skiing , boating and concerts at Konocti Harbor . Though that element certainly still exists , now there are also a few very sophisticated restaurants and hotels  the Blue Wing Saloon and the Tallman Hotel , most notably  , as well as 10 or so worthwhile wineries . Among those is the only boat-in winery we 've ever heard of .  Travel planner : Hotels , restaurants , wineries It 's a concept we ca n't resist . Roy Disney , of Disney 's Boat Rentals , sets us up at the boat launch in Lakeport , instructing us to head east first to "  the Narrows , " where the north arm of the lake connects to the south arm , before the lake gets choppy . He tells us how to use Mt. Konocti -- the once-active volcano that looms several thousand feet above the lake -- as a landmark , and invites us to call his cell phone if we lose our bearings . Though it 's still morning , we 're dying to check out Ceàgo -- we 'll have just a sip , we rationalize . We head north toward the lake 's western shore , passing Clear Lake State Park . We briefly consider stopping here for a hike  the park has boat access as well  , but decide against it , figuring that today should be all about boat rides and decadence . A few miles northwest of the park , we glimpse the dock of Ceàgo , looking like an arm outstretched in a gesture of welcome . After we 've chatted with the fishermen , we tie up the boat and walk up the dock into a Mediterranean-style garden that could easily be mistaken for one beside Italy 's Lake Como . A lavender-lined path leads through gardens framed by olive trees . In front of us is a courtyard where a fountain burbles and festive music plays . People come and go in and out of a tasting room tucked into a series of hacienda-style buildings . The place feels more like a spa than a winery -- and in fact , it will eventually be both , Jim Fetzer tells us . Fetzer , whose family produced an annual 2.5 million cases of wines in the 1980s and '90s , discovered Lake County as a teenager , when his father used to take him on grape-buying trips . After the Fetzer family sold the company and the name , Jim bought a 163-acre piece of prime lakefront property in the then not-so-nice town of Nice  pronounced like the city in France  and set about creating the county 's first resortlike destination . He plans to break ground on the spa as well as a restaurant in two to three years . "  Lake County could be the fun center of the wine country , " Fetzer says , gesturing out to the lake , where a seaplane is floating , flanked by a group of teenagers sunning themselves on inner tubes . After calling out a welcome to the group -- which , it turns out , is celebrating a birthday out here on the lake -- Fetzer tells us about the seaplane access he 's just created , and the ferry system he 's working on putting in place . He talks about Lake County 's clean air  the best in the state , he claims  , the lack of fog , the tremendous birdlife . "  Being on the lake , making wine , it does n't get much better , " he says . On the way back to Lakeport , at Fetzer 's urging , we stop at Rodman Slough , a wetlands preserve just a few miles west of Ceàgo . We kill the engine , and slowly , an Audubon scene comes to life before our eyes : A great blue heron stands stately in the tule reeds ; a grebe dives for its prey . I say that I ca n't believe all the birdlife here . "  Why not ? " my husband replies . "  It 's a pretty nice place to hang out . " E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Lake County has a burgeoning wine scene Ceàgo Del Lago Winery is accessible by boat The area is still a haven for water recreation and summertime fun
CNN  -- In April this year , people in Myanmar picked up their newspapers and saw ... nothing . Front pages across the Southeast Asian nation were completely black , in a show of solidarity for a journalist that was simply doing his job . This week , as world leaders gather to meet their regional counterparts in Myanmar 's capital Naypyidaw for two major summits , attendees should make a similarly firm statement about freedom of the press . The darkened front pages -- a remarkable move in a country where just a few years before , the military government imposed blanket controls on all media -- were in response to the case of Zaw Pe , a journalist with the independent Democratic Voice of Burma who had been sentenced to one year in jail . His "  crime " was to investigate corruption in his home town , a story the authorities apparently did not want to see the light of day . It was a preposterous ruling against a journalist who was just doing his job , and Amnesty International named him a prisoner of conscience -- jailed solely for peacefully exercising his right to freedom of expression . Sadly , the move says much about the backslide in free speech in Myanmar , as the authorities re-tighten their grip on media and increasingly target peaceful critics ahead of national elections next year . This tightening comes despite Myanmar 's supposed transition away from military rule , which began in 2011 , but which is stalling as the government wrestles over how to secure the benefits of greater economic openness while controlling rising expectations of rights and freedoms that come with this . Unfortunately , its efforts to maintain control have frequently involved resorting to familiar tactics of repression and arrests . President Thein Sein has promised to clear the country 's jails of prisoners of conscience . Yet dozens still remain behind bars , while the jailing of land rights activists , journalists and other human rights defenders has actually picked up pace in the past year . And this is not just a problem in Myanmar -- governments across Southeast Asia , of all political persuasions , are closing down space for dissenting voices . Just look at Thailand , where the new government -- formed following a military coup in May -- has imposed blanket restrictions on the rights to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly . Gatherings of more than five people have been banned , and even eating a sandwich or reading a book in symbolic protest against the government can land you in front of a military court . Indeed , Thailand 's media operates under the constant watch of "  censorship panels , " and the months since the coup have seen a surge in police investigations and prosecutions under the country 's lÃ ¨ se majestÃ © laws , which ban criticism of the royal family . Authorities in Malaysia , meanwhile , are increasingly making use of the draconian Sedition Act to silence peaceful critics , using a colonial-era law that gives the government sweeping powers to silence dissent . Two people have been convicted of sedition this year , with at least a dozen others currently facing charges . Scores more have been investigated for "  seditious " activities , including opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim , who was placed under investigation in September . In Vietnam , the authorities continue to tightly control the media , and in recent years online activists and bloggers have been thrown into jail on spurious charges -- there are scores of prisoners of conscience languishing in harsh conditions . Next door in Cambodia , where earlier this year , security forces shot dead protesting garment workers , an alleged draft Cybercrime Law would criminalize and censor online expression critical of the government and its policies . Finally , even in Indonesia , which has been praised for its growing openness to improving human rights , dozens of individuals have been prosecuted under the country 's blasphemy laws as repression of minority religious groups has intensified -- that is in addition to the cases of scores of peaceful pro-independence activists from the Papua and Maluku regions who remain imprisoned , some for as long as 20 years , some for simply raising a flag . Southeast Asia has come a long way in recent decades in its efforts to improve respect for human rights , a change that has helped unleash some of the region 's economic potential . Yet the restrictions on free speech sweeping across the region are troubling , and are only likely to discourage much-needed investment from overseas . Those attending the November summits have an opportunity to reverse this trend . But to do so they must start by speaking out for all those in Southeast Asia whose voices have been silenced -- and demand the release of all prisoners of conscience jailed simply for the peaceful expression of their views .	Restrictions on free speech sweeping parts of Asia are troubling : Rupert Abbott Despite supposed reforms , Myanmar is cracking down on media , he says G20 Summit an opportunity for leaders to address freedom : Abbott
Mental Floss  -- If you think comic book characters do amazing things in comic books , you wo n't believe what they can do off the page . For starters , Superman brought down the Ku Klux Klan , and Donald Duck raised ships from the ocean floor . 1 . Superman defeats the Ku Klux Klan In the 1940s , "  The Adventures of Superman " was a radio sensation . Kids across the country huddled around their sets as the Man of Steel leapt off the page and over the airwaves . Although Superman had been fighting crime in print since 1938 , the weekly audio episodes fleshed out his storyline even further . It was on the radio that Superman first faced kryptonite , met The Daily Planet reporter Jimmy Olsen , and became associated with "  truth , justice , and the American way . " So , it 's no wonder that when a young writer and activist named Stetson Kennedy decided to expose the secrets of the Ku Klux Klan , he looked to a certain superhero for inspiration . In the post-World War II era , the Klan experienced a huge resurgence . Its membership was skyrocketing , and its political influence was increasing , so Kennedy went undercover to infiltrate the group . By regularly attending meetings , he became privy to the organization 's secrets . But when he took the information to local authorities , they had little interest in using it . The Klan had become so powerful and intimidating that police were hesitant to build a case against them . Struggling to make use of his findings , Kennedy approached the writers of the Superman radio serial . It was perfect timing . With the war over and the Nazis no longer a threat , the producers were looking for a new villain for Superman to fight . The KKK was a great fit for the role . In a 16-episode series titled "  Clan of the Fiery Cross , " the writers pitted the Man of Steel against the men in white hoods . As the storyline progressed , the shows exposed many of the KKK 's most guarded secrets . By revealing everything from code words to rituals , the program completely stripped the Klan of its mystique . Within two weeks of the broadcast , KKK recruitment was down . And by 1948 , people were showing up to Klan rallies just to mock them . Mental Floss : 5 memorable moments in comic book censorship 2 . Donald Duck 's scientific breakthrough In 1966 , Danish engineer Karl Krøyer developed a method for raising sunken ships off the ocean floor by injecting them with polystyrene foam balls . However , when Krøyer tried to license his invention with the Dutch patent office , he was denied . Donald Duck had beaten him to the punch by 22 years . Indeed , Krøyer 's concept could be traced back to a Donald Duck comic conceived by Carl Barks . In addition to being the most celebrated artist of the Donald Duck comics , Barks was known for his scientific prowess . So in a 1944 story , when Donald got a bump on his head that turned him into a genius , the duck managed to mumble , "  If I mix CH2 -LSB- a methylene compound -RSB- with NH4 -LSB- ammonium -RSB- and boil the atoms in osmotic fog , I should get speckled nitrogen ! " Although it sounded like nonsense , it was n't . In 1963 , chemists P.P. Gaspar and G.S. Hammond wrote a technical article about methylene that included a reference to the Donald Duck story . The final paragraph read , "  Among experiments which have not , to our knowledge , been carried out as yet is one of a most intriguing nature suggested in the literature of no less than 19 years ago . " A footnote revealed that "  literature " as the Donald Duck comic . It seems the web-footed children 's hero had deduced the chemical intermediate long before it had been proven to exist . Mental Floss : Musicians performing on Sesame Street But why were these top American chemists looking to comics for inspiration ? Apparently , Dr. Gaspar had been a lifelong Donald Duck fan , and he 'd rediscovered Donald 's early reference to methylene while collecting old copies of the classic adventures . Gaspar never disclosed how much his work owed to Duckburg 's most famous resident , but then again , how many scientists would confess that they used comic books to bolster their research ? 3 . A Spider-Man villain keeps folks out of jail In a 1977 edition of Spider-Man , Peter Parker has the tables turned on him . The villain , Kingpin , tracks down Spidey using an electronic transmitter that he 'd fastened to the superhero 's wrist . Although Kingpin loses in the end  he always does  , one New Mexico judge saw beauty in his plan . Inspired by the strip , Judge Jack Love turned to computer salesman Michael Goss and asked if he could create a similar device to keep track of crime suspects awaiting trial . In 1983 , Goss produced his first batch of electronic monitors . Authorities in Albuquerque then tested the devices on five offenders , using the gadgets as an alternative to incarceration . Today , the transmitters are a common sight in courtrooms across the country , usually in the form of electronic ankle bracelets . Most famously , Martha Stewart donned one while she was under house arrest in 2004 . Perhaps she would have felt better knowing that the gadget had once nabbed Spider-Man , too . Mental Floss : Truth about lie detectors  and Wonder Woman 4 . Captain Marvel Jr. saves the bad-hair day Like most American kids in the 1940s , Elvis Presley fantasized about growing up to be like his favorite comic book superheroes . But it turns out that The King might have been more interested in their fashion statements than their special powers . During his early teen years , Elvis was obsessed with Captain Marvel Jr. , known as "  America 's most famous boy hero . " A younger version of Captain Marvel , the character sported an unusual hairstyle that featured a curly tuft of hair falling over the side of his forehead . Sound familiar ? When Elvis set out to conquer America with his rock 'n' roll ways , he copied the ` do , thus making it one of the most famous hairstyles of the 20th century . But that was n't all . Captain Marvel also gets credit for the short capes Elvis wore on the back of his jumpsuits , as well as The King 's famous TCB logo , which bears a striking resemblance to Marvel 's lightning bolt insignia . Of course , Elvis never tried to hide his love for the Captain . A copy of Captain Marvel Jr. . No. 51 still sits in his preserved childhood bedroom in an apartment in Memphis , and his full comics collection remains intact in the attic at Graceland . Plus , the admiration was mutual . Captain Marvel Jr. paid tribute to The King in one issue , referring to the singer as "  the greatest modern-day philosopher . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several comic book heroes have affected people in real life Superman battled the KKK in radio series "  Clan of the Fiery Cross " Something created in Spider-Man comic inspires device that keeps people out of jail And Donald Duck blocked a scientist from getting a patent
Moscow  CNN  The primary suspect jailed in connection with the shooting death of Boris Nemtsov withdrew his confession Wednesday , saying he had been under duress during his admission and is n't guilty . Zaur Dadayev told two members of Russia 's human rights council that he pleaded guilty after being detained because he was scared . He told Eva Merkacheva and Andrey Babushkin he had been tortured and the well-being of his family and friends were threatened . Dadayev was one of two suspects recently charged in the case . Three other suspects have not been charged . Merkacheva and Babushkin were accused of "  interfering " with the investigation and will be summoned for questioning over their motives , authorities said . Russia 's Investigative Committee stated that the two rights activists violated the law when they visited and questioned Dadayev in a Moscow jail . Amnesty International condemned the Russian officials ' decision to go after the activists , saying that a "  threat to bring criminal charges " against the rights activists "  raises alarming questions over the fairness of the investigation . " Anton Tsvetkov , the head of the Public Chamber 's commission for public security , said Dadyev and two other suspects denied being involved in the shooting of the Russian opposition leader . He said a doctor found no signs of torture during an examination of the three men . Shagit Gubashev and Anzor Gubashev had no bruises or wounds despite the fact they allege they were beaten by police , Tsvetkov said . Dadayev did have a cracked tooth and handcuff marks on his wrists . Nemtsov , one of President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics , was shot in the back on a Moscow bridge as he walked with his girlfriend near the Kremlin in February 27 . The three suspects visited by Tsvetkov deny they are guilty and have appealed their arrests , he said . Putin has condemned Nemtsov 's killing and ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate , the Kremlin has said . He also wrote to Nemtsov 's mother , saying he shared her grief , and promised to bring those behind the killing to justice . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and Steve Almasy wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Zaur Dadayev says he was tortured while he was in custody and , because he was scared , he confessed Two other suspects reported they were tortured All three tell officials they are innocent
CNN  -- Czech authorities announced Saturday that they have arrested a 29-year-old man who expressed admiration for Anders Behring Breivik , the self-declared ultranationalist who has admitted killing 77 people in Norway last summer . Video broadcast on Saturday by CT24 , a public broadcast station in the Czech Republic , showed the handcuffed suspect flanked by police . Dressed in a short-sleeved shirt , the unidentified man appears to be smiling during much of the videotaped walk . Tomas Tuhy , a regional director of the Czech Republic Police , said authorities confiscated "  police or prisoner " uniforms during their search of the suspect 's apartment , as well as some police equipment . Pictures published on CT24 's website showed explosive detonators , firearms , ammunition , and what appears to be a police uniform , that were seized as part of the investigation . The man from Ostrava , the Czech Republic 's third largest city located in the eastern part of the country near the Polish border , may have intended to pass himself off as a policeman when waging an attack , police said , as reported by the Czech News Agency . Ostrava police chief Radovan Vojta told reporters Saturday that authorities exercised "  increased caution " when they went into the suspect 's apartment , fearful it might have been rigged with explosives . The suspect "  sympathizes probably with known  killer  Anders Breivik , " said Tuhy in a press conference covered by state broadcaster CT24 . The Czech News Agency added , citing police , that the suspect indicated in e-mails that he was an admirer of Breivik . "  Of course we are checking out that connection , " Tuhy said , declining to elaborate on how the Czech and Norwegian men might be linked . According to Norwegian authorities , Breivik set off a fertilizer bomb outside the prime minister 's office on July 22 , 2011 , killing eight people . He then took a ferry to Utoya Island , the site of a Labour Party youth camp where more than 700 young adults were meeting , and roamed the island shooting and killing 69 people . Breivik has admitted to carrying out the killings , which he says were necessary to protect Norway from multiculturalism . He is on trial , with authorities ' determination of his sanity central to what happens next in the case . The Czech suspect was arrested August 10 , according to the Czech News Agency , though authorities did n't announce it until Saturday .	Authorities in the Czech Republic announce they 've arrested a 29-year-old man Weapons , ammunition and police uniforms were seized from his Ostrava home The suspect "  sympathizes probably " with Norway mass killer Anders Breivik , police say Breivik is a self-declared ultranationalist opposed to multiculturalism
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former manager Sam Lutfi claims Britney Spears ' parents defamed , libeled and cheated him out of millions in a battle for control of the pop star and her career . A book written by Spears ' mother painted Lutfi as a "  predator " and a "  Svengali " who kept Spears drugged and isolated her from her family so he could control her , his defamation lawsuit against the Spears family alleges . Lutfi is suing for millions in defamation damages and for money he said he 's owed for being Spears ' personal manager , a job he said he lost when a court appointed her father as her conservator four years ago . Contrary to implications that he gave Spears drugs , Lutfi testified that he insisted as a condition of his employment with her that she stay clean and sober . They shook hands on the management agreement in June 2007 only after Spears agreed that he could use drug-detection dogs in her home to check her compliance , he testified . Those dogs found "  a baggie of white powder " in her home on June 13 , 2007 , he testified . "  We flushed it down the toilet . " Lutfi testified that he urged Britney to reconcile with her parents , including arranging a reunion between the singer and her mother in October . "  That is the opposite of a Svengali , " Lutfi lawyer Joseph Schlimmer said . Lutfi befriended Spears in spring 2007 , when she "  was very distraught over numerous situations , child custody battle , divorce , career problems and drug problems , " Lutfi testified . Their friendship began at a time when Spears was estranged from her parents , he said . She soon asked Lutfi to become her manager , he said . His four-year contract , which would pay him 15 % of her gross earnings , was not written but was confirmed by text messages , his lawsuit claimed . His work with Spears ended after a few months , in February 2008 , after she was taken to a Los Angeles hospital for psychiatric treatment . The book , published in 2008 , has subjected him to "  hatred , contempt , ridicule and obloquy , " causing him to suffer a "  loss of his reputation , shame , mortification and hurt feelings , " the suit claims . On the witness stand Tuesday , Lutfi told jurors he met Spears in a Los Angeles nightclub when she asked if she could have his hat . He refused because he needed it to hide his bald head , he said . Spears told him it was refreshing to hear "  no , " he said . She got his phone number and soon began calling him , he said . His first actions after he became her manager included controlling the paparazzi who chased her 24 hours a day , he said . "  She was dealing with a lot of anxiety with the way they would follow her , " Lutfi said . She was in "  crisis mode " dealing with 20 to 50 photographers following her every move , he said . Lutfi said he set up an arrangement with the photographers in which he would send them text messages to let them know where she was going as long as they followed his rules . He invited some of the paparrazzi into her home to meet Spears so they "  could see her as a human being , " he said . They also agreed to give her 3 to 6 feet of space so she could walk freely and to stop yelling slurs to provoke her to get a photo to sell , he said . They even began saving her a parking space at her destinations , he said . Lutfi 's testimony was expected to continue Wednesday . Earlier Tuesday , the judge ruled that Lutfi 's lawyer could not use Spears ' medical records in the trial . He argued it was necessary to prove that Lutfi was not secretly drugging Spears to control her . Spears will not testify in the trial , which began last week . The judge overseeing her conservatorship prohibited her appearance on the witness stand . Lutfi said he is the co-manager of Courtney Love , the widow of musician Kurt Cobain , and a consultant for his mother 's chain of gas stations .	Sam Lutfi was ousted from Spears ' life when her dad became her conservator Lutfi is suing for millions in damages and pay he says he 's owed for being Spears ' manager A book by Spears ' mom painted Lutfi as a "  predator " and a "  Svengali , " his suit says The Spears book caused him "  hatred , contempt , ridicule and obloquy , " Lutfi claims
CNN  -- The credible but as yet unconfirmed reports that three men directed by al Qaeda have plans for an attack on the United States to coincide with the 10th anniversary of September 11 reminds us of the persistence of the threat from Islamist terrorists . Yet our research indicates that al Qaeda and those motivated by its ideology are not the only sources of terrorism that the country faces and that terrorists across the ideological spectrum from those motivated by Osama bin Laden 's ideology to neo-Nazis have managed to kill only 30 people in the United States since the attacks on Washington and New York a decade ago . While each of those deaths is , or course , a tragedy , it is orders of magnitude smaller than the 15,000 Americans who are murdered every year . Our study also found that Islamist terrorism has been no more deadly in the United States than other forms of domestic terrorism since September 11 . In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks , one of the fears of ordinary citizens and terrorism experts alike was that a new wave of terrorists would strike , some of them armed with chemical , biological , radiological or even nuclear materials . Ten years later , we have yet to see an Islamist terrorist incident involving such weapons in the United States , and no Islamist militant in this country has made a documented attempt to even acquire such devices . Yet this is not the case for other terrorists . Indeed , the record of the past decade suggests that if a chemical , biological or radiological attack were to take place in the United States , it is more likely that it would come not from a Islamist terrorist but from a right-wing extremist or anarchist . In partnership with Syracuse University 's Maxwell School of Public Policy , the New America Foundation has conducted a survey of terrorism incidents and cases in the United States since September 11 motivated by political ideologies other than the violent Islamism advocated by bin Laden . Those ideologies span the spectrum from neo-Nazism and militant Christian fundamentalism to anarchism and violent environmentalism . In the 114 cases we examined , we found five instances of the successful or attempted development or purchase of biological , chemical or radiological weapons by violent extremists motivated by ideologies that have no relation to al Qaeda : William Krar , a right-wing militia activist , together with his common-law wife , Judith Bruey , had stored enough chemicals to produce a quantity of hydrogen cyanide gas that could kill thousands , along with more than 100 weapons , nearly 100,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 100 pounds of explosives . They were arrested in 2003 . Krar was eventually sentenced to more than 11 years in prison , while Bruey received nearly five years . Anarchist and self-proclaimed "  Dr. Chaos " Joseph Konopka was stockpiling dangerous chemicals , including sodium cyanide , when he was arrested by Chicago police in 2002 . He is currently serving a 13-year sentence . Microbiologist Bruce Ivins , an FBI investigation concluded , sent waves of panic throughout the country and killed five people when he sent letters filled with anthrax to politicians and journalists during fall 2001 . Ivins committed suicide in 2008 .  Some reports have cast doubt on Ivins ' responsibility for the attacks , but the FBI remains firm in its conclusion that Ivins was responsible , based on the scientific and other evidence . White supremacist Demetrius van Crocker was arrested in 2004 after trying to purchase sarin nerve gas and C-4 explosive from an undercover government agent . His efforts to obtain the weapons earned him a 30-year prison sentence . Another white supremacist , James Cummings , managed to acquire a supply of radiological materials from scientific research companies and may have been planning to build a "  dirty " radiological bomb when his wife killed him after years of domestic abuse in 2008 . To be clear , the 114 cases of right-wing and left-wing terrorism we examined probably do not represent a complete survey of non-Islamist terrorist cases in the United States since September 11 . While some of this case information is available from the FBI , as well as organizations that track right-wing radicalism such as the Southern Poverty Law Center , keeping track of these incidents is far more difficult than tracking incidents of Islamist terrorism . That is because unlike Islamist terror cases , which are nearly all tried under anti-terrorism laws or statutes dealing with "  material support " to terrorist groups , other domestic terrorism cases are often tried under an array of other statutes , from weapons and explosives violations , property destruction and arson to "  seditious conspiracy " in the case of the anti-government Hutaree militia in Michigan . Research on the subject is also hampered by the fact that many of these cases received only limited media attention , unlike the now 188 cases of Islamist terrorism that the New America Foundation and Syracuse 's Maxwell School have found in the United States since September 11 . We sought to impose as clear a standard as we could for politically motivated violence across a broad spectrum of cases , ranging from environmental terrorism to white supremacist terrorism . We were careful to exclude cases in which insanity or mental deficiency may have had a significant impact , such as that of Jared Lee Loughner , who is accused of killing six people and seriously wounding Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona in January . We also excluded cases of violence that appear not to have been premeditated , such as when Jerry Kane and his son Joseph , both steeped in anti-government ideology and armed with an assault rifle , killed two Arkansas police during a traffic stop in 2010 before they were shot dead themselves in an ensuing car chase . On the other hand , we did include cases in which there was no defined plot but the individual involved had both extreme political views and had bought or constructed high-explosives and other offensive weapons . Officials said that was the case with Jeffrey Harbin , a neo-Nazi and border vigilante who was arrested this year in Arizona with a dozen powerful homemade grenades . As in Islamist terrorism cases in the United States , right - and left-wing terrorists were not all young hotheads but instead had an average age of 36 . But unlike the Islamist terrorism cases , which involved only 4 % females , in other cases of domestic terrorism women were involved in 15 percent of the cases . The right - and left-wing terrorists in our dataset are almost entirely native-born American citizens , and nearly all appear to be Caucasian . But the political motivations behind their acts were diverse in ways that the participants themselves were not . Thirty-seven percent of cases involved anti-government extremism ; 23 % were motivated by environmental or pro-animal rights extremism ; 17 % involved white supremacist ideas or bias against particular ethnic groups ; and 11 % of cases were animated by religious bias or were acts committed on the basis of religious beliefs , including attacks against abortion doctors and providers . At least fourteen people have been killed in right - and left-wing terrorism-related incidents over the past decade , while acts inspired by Islamist militant ideas killed 17 people  13 of them at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009  . The number of non-Islamist incidents that caused fatalities  eight  was also twice that of the Islamist cases  four  . And while in the Islamist terrorism cases firearms and explosives figured into around a third of the cases , more than half the cases of non-Islamist terrorism involved firearms or explosives . Right - and left-wing terrorist incidents involved a broad array of targets ; a third focused on government buildings or institutions ; and 9 % targeted police . Five percent of cases involved acts committed against abortion doctors or women 's health clinics , and 11 % targeted religious institutions : churches , mosques and synagogues . Another 16 % of plots and attacks , many of them carried out by environmental extremists , targeted businesses or corporations . There was also a slightly greater number of government informants and undercover agents in the right - and left-wing terrorism cases , relative to the Islamist terrorism cases . More than half of the right - and left-wing terrorism cases involved an informant or cooperating witness , and nearly 40 % of those cases also involved an undercover government agent . By contrast , in our survey of Islamist terrorism cases , a third involved an informant , while 11 % involved a government agent  six cases involved both a government agent and an informant  . And in 18 % of right - and left-wing terrorism cases -- compared with 22 % in Islamist terrorism cases -- authorities were tipped off or assisted by family members or people within the same social or religious communities as the arrested individual . The data indicate that federal and local authorities are just as aggressive in their use of informants and undercover agents with right - and left-wing terrorists as they are with Muslims extremists . And Muslims and non-Muslims alike are just as likely to cooperate with authorities when they see extremist acts going on , contrary to well-publicized claims from the head of the House Homeland Security Committee , Rep. Peter King , that Muslim community involvement in disrupting terrorism plots is uncommonly low . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Recent terror alert renews concern about al Qaeda , authors say Their study shows domestic terrorism often comes from non-Islamist sources Non-Islamist terrorists have been more likely to seek unconventional weapons , they say Authors : In U.S. , Islamist terrorism no more deadly than other forms since 9/11
Teterboro , New Jersey  CNN  -- Pop star Justin Bieber was granted re-entry Friday into the United States following a search of his private airplane by federal officials who said they detected an odor of marijuana after it landed in New Jersey , a law enforcement official told CNN . The plane carrying Bieber and others -- presumably his entourage -- was clearing customs after touching down at Teterboro Airport when U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers said they detected the odor , law enforcement sources said . Drug-sniffing dogs were used to search the plane , according to one of the sources . But no sign of drugs were detected and no illegal substances were found , the source said . Bieber 's interview was described by another law enforcement source as one that is carried out for anyone entering the United States , and that it can take 10 minutes or 10 hours . The interview is routinely conducted to ensure people entering the country are in compliance with U.S. law , the source said . Bieber was interviewed for several hours before being cleared to enter the United States . The plane sat on the airport tarmac for at least four hours , and CNN saw law enforcement officers getting off the plane . Customs and Border Protection officials did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . It 's the latest headache for the embattled singer , who has made a number of headlines in recent weeks . Bieber 's plane was en route from Canada , where on Wednesday he surrendered to Toronto police , who booked him on an assault charge . He was accused of hitting a limousine driver a month ago . That same day , Florida authorities released police documents that accused Bieber of being under the influence of alcohol , pot and Xanax when police stopped him for allegedly street racing in Miami Beach last week . Bieber was booked on charges of driving under the influence , resisting arrest and driving with an expired license . He was briefly jailed , and his attorney has entered a not guilty plea on his behalf . The two arrests come on the heels of allegations that he egged a neighbor 's house in Calabasas , California , causing thousands of dollars in damage in the process . When authorities searched the singer 's home as part of the investigation into the alleged egg-throwing , a sheriff 's deputy found suspected illegal drugs at the bedside of Bieber house guest Lil Za , who now faces a felony drug charge . A prosecutor is expected to decide as early as next week whether Bieber will be charged with felony vandalism in connection with the case . Since being discovered in 2008 performing cover songs in clips posted on YouTube , Bieber shot into the superstar stratosphere with a legion of young fans known as Beliebers . But his onstage persona , once so appealing to parents of his ` tween fans , started taking hits . From being accused of public urination to rumors of a visit to a Brazilian brothel and run-ins with police , including a search of his Calabasas home by authorities in connection with the egging case , his once squeaky clean image has all but disappeared . In its place , a bad-boy image that has a number of critics , including some calling for the Canadian-born Bieber 's deportation . The petition , titled "  Deport Justin Bieber and revoke his green card , " had garnered more than 100,000 signatures . Bieber has a visa allowing him to legally live in the United States because of his "  extraordinary ability " in the arts . Bieber 's musical mentor , Usher Raymond , a former teen star himself , told MTV in December 2013 that his young protege was experiencing the pains of growing up in the spotlight . "  With success comes great responsibility . And being able to grow up in it and unfortunately be analyzed in front of the world for just growing up , I think they will be able to see the truth , " Usher said . "  And they can make an assessment based off of what his reality looks like . " On Thursday , Bieber took to Twitter to thank supporters in his hometown of Stratford , Canada , where he took refuge before flying to New Jersery . "  Never forget where you come from or those who supported you before anyone else . still the small town kid . thanks , " he tweeted . Could Justin Bieber be deported ? Susan Candiotti reported from Teterboro , New Jersey ; and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez , Alan Duke and Lisa Respers France contributed to this report .	Justin Bieber has been granted re-entry into the United States , a source tells CNN Bieber was interviewed for several hours at a New Jersey airport , the source says Bieber 's private plane was searched after officers said they smelled pot , sources say
CNN  -- Call it knee-jerk panic or an abundance of caution . After an eyewitness reported a man with a gun on campus at American University , authorities put the Washington college on lockdown as officers swarmed out to look for him . In the end , no shots were fired , no crime committed . No one was hurt . The man turned out to be an off-duty officer from the Metropolitan Police Department . He was sitting on the bus with a woman he knew -- a student at the university . Two tense hours But until that revelation , students already stressed over finals spent two tense hours "  sheltered in place " -- as the school asked them to do . Warnings went out via campus e-mail within seconds of the eyewitness report : "  AU Alert : man with gun seen on campus . Campus is in lockdown . Shelter in place . More info to follow . " The university also sent out the warning via Twitter , and shortly thereafter , photos appeared online on the social networking service showing hundreds of students herded into safe rooms . Victoria Bera was taking a final when she saw the alert , she told the student newspaper , The Eagle . "  We were really stressed out because we were n't getting the alerts at the same time as other students , " Bera said . "  We were able to hear the helicopters outside . " Suspicious object The eyewitness saw a man wearing something suspicious and called authorities . They were both riding a campus bus at the time . "  Someone saw a holster , what they believe was a holster , somebody had on them , " Lt. Jesse Porter said . But it was enough to put the police on full steam . "  Given the culture we are in now " police thought it was better to start with a massive response and scale back if needed , he said . "  In this time and age , people get concerned . "	Someone reported seeing a man with a gun on an American University campus bus But no one ever saw a gun , police said , just a holster It turned out to be an off-duty cop visiting a woman he knew on campus
The Pacific Island nation of Kiribati may be the first country to disappear under the rising sea levels of climate change . Its people fear their homeland may become the world 's next Atlantis . As our boat nears the shore , the dark shadows beneath the sea sharpen into focus . Chiseled coral stones , organized neatly into rows , glisten from the reef of this shallow cove . We are drifting over the foundations of the surrendered neighborhoods of Tebunginako . The village was once home to more than 200 households , but today , it lies beneath several meters of turquoise water . "  We used to swim out there to see the ships when we were boys . They 'd tie them up to the coconut trees just over here , " explains the Mayor , pointing enthusiastically as we coast over the remains of his town . Locals say Tebunginako was once the island 's main harbor -- before the rising sea swallowed its coast . Now stumps of dead coconut trees line the lagoon , their tips peaking out from the water like little grave stones of a civilization lost . The extreme coastal erosion of Tebunginako is becoming increasingly common in Kiribati , a South Pacific nation of 33 islands strung along the equator . The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has identified Kiribati as one of the six Pacific Island countries most threatened by rising sea-levels . The report claims that , due to coastal erosion and freshwater contamination , Kiribati could become uninhabitable as early as 2050 . "  Right now we 're experiencing total inundation of areas that previously were not vulnerable to normal tides , " says Andrew Teem , Kiribati 's Senior Adviser on Climate Change . "  We 're getting something called King Tides -- extremely high tides . These were non-existent when I was a boy . " A large number of Kiribati 's citizens are already internally displaced from climate-related disasters , and many have fled to the capitol island , South Tarawa . Today , half of Kiribati 's population crowds onto South Tarawa 's tiny crescent of land , making it one of the most densely populated areas on earth , mirroring the population density of Tokyo or London . Unless birthrates or internal displacement are curbed , the population of South Tarawa is expected to double by 2030 . "  Like any developing island state , our population is quite young and developing at a very high rate , which already strains our fresh water supply , " Teem explains . "  Climate change and the rising sea exacerbate a problem we already have with regards to our water resources . " This week , representatives from 190 countries will gather in Lima , Peru for the twentieth session of the U.N. Climate Change Conference . The Lima conference will lay the groundwork for a climate treaty at the end of 2015 , for implementation by 2020 . But for low-lying island nations like Kiribati , these commitments may not materialize soon enough . For communities like Tebunginako , these treaties are already long overdue . "  Climate change has major implications for our people today , not in the future like some other countries , " explains Teem . Kiribati 's government has pursued various adaptation initiatives over the last decade . These efforts range from employment-related migration programs with Australia and New Zealand to the exploration of man-made floating islands . This year , Kiribati finalized a purchase of a plot of land in Fiji that it hopes to use in the future . But the people of Kiribati are unwilling to abandon their homes without a fight . In addition to their local efforts , they are challenging the root of the problem , global carbon-emissions , at the international level . The government of Kiribati , along with a coalition of other small island states , has been lobbying for binding carbon-emissions treaties . They have also supported the concept of "  climate change reparations , " or compensation to non-industrialized developing countries for the climate-related damages caused by the industrialized powers . In the past month , breakthroughs were made on both fronts . The United States and China -- the world 's largest emitters of carbon -- announced plans to cut emissions over the next two decades . At the recent G20 conference , several nations joined President Obama in committing billions of dollars to the United Nation 's Green Climate Fund , which will support developing nations in combating the effects of climate change . While the government of Kiribati welcomed this news , the measures are only a first step towards addressing their national needs . Environmental groups have criticized the developments , calling the measures "  a drop in the ocean . " "  Climate change is something we were not responsible for . If we were responsible for this fate , that would be a different story all together , " responds Teem , on the issues of climate change reparations and carbon emission cuts . "  We are very simple people with very simple needs , but we do not want to be faced with something that is not entirely of our own doing . " As the sun sets in Tebunginako , the Mayor guides us to the shore of the town 's two remaining structures , a Church and a traditional community center , known as a maneaba . The tall structures jet out defiantly from the middle of the lagoon , fortified only by leaking sandbags and battered seawalls . "  We struggle to maintain them as a remembrance of Tebunginako , " explains the Mayor . "  These places are important to our people because of their religion and because it was the last place they were all together . " When asked about his people 's future , he clings to their past . "  We are very scared , and we need help , " he shrugs . "  We believe in our government and their strong voice to the world , but we are still waiting for the world to reply . " "  We used to swim out there as children , " he repeats quietly , his gaze shifting blankly to the ocean . "  And tie the boats to the coconut trees ... "	The Pacific Island nation of Kiribati was once home to more than 200 households Today , it lies beneath several meters of turquoise water The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says it is most threatened by rising sea-levels The report claims that the island could become uninhabitable as early as 2050
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio on Wednesday outlined plans to protest President Barack Obama 's move to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba by blocking funding for an embassy there and preventing a vote on any potential Cuban ambassador . The Florida Republican has emerged as one of the fiercest critics of Obama 's policy shift toward Cuba , which the President announced Wednesday as the two nations released political prisoners as an act of goodwill . Rubio told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that , contrary to Obama 's assertion expanding relations and easing sanctions will help improve conditions for Cuba 's citizens , the move will simply make Cuba 's communist government "  a permanent fixture forever . " And he outlined moves he plans to take in the Senate to stymie the administration 's efforts . Rubio said Obama "  is going to have a heck of a fight on his hand to get -LSB- an embassy in Havana -RSB- funded , as long as I 'm in the Senate . " On confirming a nominee for a U.S. ambassador to Cuba , Rubio promised : "  Not only will I vote against it , but I reserve the right to do everything within the rules of the Senate to prevent that sort of individual from ever even coming up for a vote . " Both Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro lauded the new era of cooperation between the two nations , with Obama declaring the shift would "  place the interests of the people of both countries at the heart of our policy . " Castro said Obama deserves "  respect and recognition " for the move , and said that Cuba " -LSB- reaffirms -RSB- our willingness to dialogue " on various issues of dispute with the U.S.	Florida Sen. Marco Rubio vowed to block any U.S. ambassador to Cuba from getting a vote Rubio also pledged to prevent the Obama administration from receiving any money for building an embassy in the island nation
Eastern Europe remained in the grip of brutal cold and deep snows Tuesday , with authorities in Ukraine , the hardest-hit country , scrambling to help thousands of people whose lives are at risk due to the weather . At least 250 people have already died across the region during the cold snap , with 135 of the dead in Ukraine . Authorities there have set up an emergency hospital to deal with people suffering from cold-related conditions , and distributed 3,000 emergency relief tents across the country , they said . The tents are heated and can supply hot food and drinks to people with nowhere else to go . Kiev alone has more than 14,000 homeless people , authorities said -- among the most vulnerable to winter . About 2,000 people have been hospitalized due to the cold since January 27 , officials said . Electricity consumption in the country is at historic highs , Ukrainian energy minister Yuri Boyko said . Southeastern Europe will see more heavy snow in contrast to the northeast , which is predicted to shiver under temperatures much lower than its winter averages , said CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward . "  All of Europe will be well below normal , " Ward said , "  10-15 degrees below normal . " Cold air arriving from Siberia has been hitting maritime moisture from the Mediterranean Sea , turning it into frozen precipitation . This will continue , and Bosnia , Serbia and Macedonia are expected receive new layers of snow . "  Turkey is also going to have heavy snow , " said Ward . The bitter cold temperatures in the northeast have been deadlier than the snow farther south , with many dying from hypothermia . More than 50 people , most of them homeless , have died in Poland , according to Polish TVN . At least 64 people have died because of the cold in Russia , the government said . Snow has also fallen as far west as Spain and snarled traffic in Brussels , Belgium . Snowfall in Europe 's southeast , close to the Mediterranean Sea , is cutting off roads and isolating areas from access to supplies . In Romania , where at least 39 people have died because of the cold snap , all "  national roads , " two-lane highways , in seven counties in the country 's south and east were completely blocked , state news agency Agerpres reported Monday . Traffic was in chaos in the capital Bucharest and possible blizzards have been forecast for half the country in the coming days . In Bosnia helicopters delivered supplies to an isolated region Monday , while the military worked to restore infrastructure , according to state news agency FENA . Snow over 10 feet deep  three meters  covered the village of Zijemlje , which has been cut off from electricity for at least three days . In Italy , a Milan court delayed on Monday the trial of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on charges of bribery because of cold temperatures in the courtroom , according to the Italian ANSA news agency . It was moved to warmer chambers , which had often been the scene of another case involving Berlusconi , when he had been accused of paying for sex with a minor -- a Moroccan girl known as "  Ruby " . The severe cold is forecast to continue all week , Ward said . "  We are definitely going to hit the two-week mark by this weekend . "	Ukraine sets up an emergency hospital and distributes heated tents At least 250 people have died across Europe due to weather More snow is forecast to blanket the southeast , where many roads are already closed Temperatures thoughout Europe are significantly lower than average for winter
At a friend 's wedding , you danced with a beer in hand and pictures were taken . No big deal , right ? Right -- unless the photo is seen online by a potential employer who thinks you look frivolous . "  Your first impression is n't made with a firm handshake -- it 's with a Google search , " says Dan Schawbel , the author of "  Me 2.0 . " Real Simple : Sell your used electronics A recent survey confirms this : A whopping 70 percent of U.S. business managers say they decided not to hire a job candidate based upon something found out about her online . So it 's crucial to keep your virtual self , well , virtuous . Here 's how . Clean up your pagesSocial-media sites , like Facebook and Twitter , appear high in search results , so opt for the highest privacy settings on these networks . Also , "  remove complaints about your job or boss , any confidential work information , and photos of yourself acting in a way that could be construed as inappropriate , " says Lindsey Pollak , a global spokesperson for LinkedIn , a networking website . Do the same for any photo-sharing services you use . Real Simple : Computer ports : All you need to know If an unflattering photo appears on someone else 's page , ask her to remove it .  Alas , she does n't have to comply .  If it 's pornographic , it 's a good idea to alert the authorities . Maintain a good  online  reputation "  If you 're nowhere to be found on Google , employers may question whether you have kept up with the latest trends or are qualified for a job that requires minimal digital skills , " says Dorie Clark , a blogger for Harvard Business Review . Real Simple : 10 Facebook and Twitter mistakes that could cost you your job If you 're looking for a job as an interior designer , for example , start a blog on your favorite home decor . Employers will be impressed by your initiative , says Pollak .  Wordpress and Blogger offer free services . Real Simple : The tech etiquette manual Keep job news offlineGot an offer ? Great . But do n't announce it on Facebook until you clear it with your employer-to-be , says Pollak . People have been fired after posting online about their employment without the sanction of the new boss , experts say . Stick with spreading your good fortune in person . Real Simple : A Real Simple guide to social media sites	Photos and social media posts with risque themes can stymie a job search Cleaning up your Facebook and Twitter feeds could attract potential employers Maintain a professional online presence , especially if you want to work on the Web Do n't announce a new job on social media until your new boss says it 's OK
CNN  -- Hip hop star Snoop Dogg faces a drug charge after border agents searched his tour bus along the same stretch of a west Texas highway where singer Willie Nelson was busted in 2010 , a Texas sheriff said . Snoop Dogg , whose real name is Calvin Broadus , "  freely admitted " that three prescription bottles filled with marijuana cigarettes were his , a statement from the Hudspeth County , Texas , Sheriff said . The entertainer 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . The rapper , like Nelson , is an outspoken proponent of pot and he is known to have a license to use prescription medical marijuana in California . The bust happened early Saturday at his bus approached the U.S. Border Patrol Checkpoint located in Sierra Blanca , Texas , at the U.S.-Mexico border about 85 miles southeast of El Paso , the sheriff 's statment said . "  During a routine check of U.S. citizenship the inspecting Border Patrol agent detected the odor of marijuana emitting from the inside of the vehicle and requested the driver to pull into the secondary inspection lane for further inspection , " the statement said . A drug-detection dog sniffing inside the bus "  alerted to a trash can located at the rear of the vehicle where a red prescription bottle containing rolled marijuana cigarettes were located , " the statement said . Two other containers with marijuana , weighing in all total of 0.130 pounds , were also found , it said . "  Snoop Dogg freely admitted that the marijuana belonged to him and he was placed under arrest by U.S. Border Patrol agents and detained , " it said . He was cited for possession of drug paraphernalia , given a court date of January 20 and released , the sheriff said . Willie Nelson settled his November 2010 Hudspeth County pot bust with a plea deal that reduced his marijuana possession charge to possession of drug paraphernalia and imposed a $ 500 fine . The west Texas prosecutor who handled Nelson 's case had suggested Nelson , a treasured icon in the Lone Star state , could pay just a $ 100 fine if he 'd serenade the court with his 1975 hit "  Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain . " The judge quickly vetoed that offer . "  You can bet your ass I 'm not going to be mean to Willie Nelson , " Hudspeth County Attorney C.R. "  Kit " Bramblett told CNN at the time . Bramblett was in court Monday and unavailable to comment on how he might handle Snoop Dogg 's prosecution . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Snoop Dogg admits prescription bottles with marijuana were his , Texas Sheriff says The rapper faces a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia The Hudspeth County , Texas , sheriff frees Snoop Dogg , giving him a January 20 court date Willie Nelson paid a $ 500 fine last year for a similar charge in the same Texas town
Beijing  CNN  -- An acrid blanket of gray shrouded the Chinese capital for a third day Sunday , leading to a rare smog warning as the index hit record levels . Data show air quality index soared past the highest level of 500 . Anything past that is regarded as "  beyond index . " As the number soared , the streets got emptier . The sun , peeking shyly behind the hazy blanket , was barely visible . Authorities warned residents to cut down on outdoor activities and take shelter indoors . Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocketed , according to state media . The U.S. Embassy in Beijing recorded an index of over 700 on Saturday , but the number had lowered by Sunday . Read more : Which city has best quality of life ? Beijing residents say pollution is worsening despite authorities ' assertions that air quality has improved since the city hosted the 2008 Olympic Games . Last year , heavy haze and smog forced the cancellation of almost 700 flights at Beijing airports . The city is comparable to Los Angeles , another gray city , according to experts . "  With their difficult meteorological conditions and a large number of pollution sources , addressing pollution is a long-term and difficult task , " Deborah Seligsohn , adviser of the World Resources Institute , said last year . The agency runs a climate energy and pollution program in China . Los Angeles has battled air pollution since the 1950s , well before U.S. national regulation , according to Seligsohn . "  Stilll in the 1970s , 20 years later , it was famous for its smog , " she said . "  In the 40-plus years since the Clean Air Act was passed , L.A. has never been fully in compliance with EPA standards , even though it has continued to improve . " Read more : China must come clean on pollution European Commission figures show that China produced 9.7 million kilotons of carbon dioxide while the United States had 5.42 million kilotons in 2011 , the latest available numbers . The weekend 's pollution levels have prompted an "  orange fog " warning in Beijing because of diminished visibility , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . "  Pollutants have gradually accumulated over the course of recent windless days , making the air quality even worse , " said Zhu Tong , an environmental sciences professor at Peking University told news agency . Beijing will remain covered in gray until Wednesday , when the wind will sweep in to the rescue and blow the smog away , according to state media . CNN 's Steven Jiang reported from Beijing , Elizabeth Yuan wrote from Hong Kong and Faith Karimi from Atlanta	NEW : Beijing recording "  hazardous " levels of air pollution Monday NEW : Children in worst-hit areas ordered to stop outdoor sports activities Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocket The U.S. Embassy in Beijing records an index of over 700 on Sunday
CNN  -- Construction crews began working on nearby tent cabins in Curry Village not long after Jenna Beck and her family arrived at Yosemite National Park . Beck had reserved seven nights in one of the park 's 91 "  signature tent cabins , " now at the epicenter of a hantavirus investigation . Eight visitors to the park have contracted hantavirus pulmonary syndrome , and three of them have died . Officials on Thursday confirmed that someone who stayed in another part of Yosemite contracted hantavirus . When campers checked out , crews moved in , spraying the tent cabins with bleach , replacing canvas and insulation , and hammering in new boards , Beck said . Curious about what was going on , she asked a crew member whether it was annual maintenance . The worker said they were dealing with a mice problem . "  When we checked in , nothing was said to us , " said Beck , who got to the park August 18 . "  We had no clue that anything was going on . There was no word to us , nothing about a rare and deadly disease . " Scott Gediman , spokesman for Yosemite National Park , said the California Department of Public Health issued a news release August 16 . He said park officials were handing out fliers and fact sheets to park visitors and had the notices at the front desk . "  We certainly had an extensive outreach effort , but I ca n't guarantee that every person was contacted during that week , " Gediman said . Beck , 38 , said she and her boyfriend , David Sotar , 40 , did not find out about the hantavirus investigation until August 24 , when they found a note on their cabin that said they needed to be immediately relocated . When she went to the registration desk to find out what was going on , she was told about the hantavirus cases and given a pamphlet about the virus . She was livid . "  I 'm worried . We 've been taking a lot of vitamins and have been watching each other , " Beck said . "  The minute anybody exhibits any flu-like symptoms , we 're going straight to the doctor . " Gediman said that the situation was fluid and that officials inspected , cleaned and disinfected the cabins to make sure they were as rodent-proof as possible . Delaware North Company , the park 's primary concessioner , hired a private contractor to retrofit the cabins and eliminate any gaps between the canvas and the wood where rodents could get in . "  We were very transparent up front , " Gediman said . Officials closed the cabins in late August , and they are closed indefinitely . The situation has proved unsettling for Beck 's mother , Mary Kay Beck , who accompanied her daughter , her grandson and Sotar to Yosemite . She sat reading her book while the crews worked . At one point , she saw workers remove insulation from a tent nearby that an animal had shredded . The bottom of it was discolored by urine and had droppings . Although Beck is concerned about potential exposure and is unhappy with the way the situation was handled , she and other campers said the hantavirus cases will not deter them from future vacations in Yosemite or from camping elsewhere . "  Will I camp again ? Absolutely , yes , I will go camping again , " Beck said , adding that Yosemite is one of her favorite places . "  That was not camping . That was staying in a crummy tent that was a public health risk , a public health nightmare . " Raquel Garcia , 38 , of Fullerton , California , went to Yosemite in early August with relatives . The group rented four tent cabins in Curry Village but did not stay in the signature tent cabins . Garcia is n't worried . She already has reservations to stay in the same place next year . "  Are you going to live your entire life in a bubble because you are afraid you are going to be exposed to something ? You just try to make the best choices you can for your family , " she said . "  I do n't feel like enjoying nature like that is putting them at risk . " Kevin Battey , 31 , of Riverside , California , is a frequent camper . Many wild animals are carriers of disease , he said , and there are always risks when you stay outdoors . Battey stayed in the Upper Pines campground in Yosemite in early June and proposed to his girlfriend on the top of Half Dome . "  I think it could happen anywhere , " he said . "  It 's just something to think about whenever you go camping . " Health officials have sent warnings about the hantavirus cases to park visitors from 39 other countries . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said that up to 10,000 people could be at risk . Yosemite , which receives about 4 million visitors a year , has been contacting people who stayed in the signature tent cabins between mid-June and the end of August . Seven of the eight people who contracted the virus stayed in those cabins . The eighth person stayed in multiple High Sierra Camps in Yosemite in July , the California Department of Public Health said Thursday . That visitor had mild symptoms and is recovering . Six of the people who contracted the virus are from California . One visitor is from Pennsylvania and the other is from West Virginia . Officials are advising anyone with hantavirus symptoms to seek immediate medical attention . Rare but serious , hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is caused by a virus that people get through contact with the urine , droppings or saliva of infected rodents , primarily deer mice . In California , the deer mouse is the only carrier of hantavirus , and about 14 % of mice in the state carry the disease , according to the National Park Service . Symptoms appear one to six weeks after exposure and may mimic a cold or the flu . Symptoms include fever , chills , headaches , gastrointestinal problems , muscle aches and fatigue . It is not contagious from person to person . What you need to know about hantavirus People have contracted hantavirus while camping before , said Brian L. Hjelle , a medical doctor and a professor at the University of New Mexico 's Health Science Center in Albuquerque . Hjelle , who has worked extensively on hantavirus , said a man camping on the floor of the Grand Canyon contracted the virus after a mouse ran across his face . "  It does happen , but probably the risk to any individual person is pretty low , " he said . In general , the virus requires an active infestation ; many people who have contracted the virus have reported seeing live or dead mice . Hjelle said he would n't be surprised if there were previous cases of hantavirus connected to Yosemite that had n't been tracked back to the park . Before this year , Yosemite National Park had one hantavirus case in 2000 and one in 2010 . "  I think that they probably are going to need to look at their practices more carefully in that particular site , " Hjelle said . Even though campers are warned to protect food from bears , there is no doubt a lot of food in the area , which can attract mice . "  You ca n't have that many visitors packed in that tight with food , " he said . "  It might not be possible to do what they are doing  at Curry Village  in the long-term . "	CDC officials have said that up to 10,000 people could be at risk for hantavirus Yosemite 's "  signature tent cabins " are closed indefinitely Many campers say outbreak wo n't keep them from coming back
CNN  -- What makes a travel destination "  hot " ? What makes people around the world all at once start booking tickets to cities they know little about or salivate for restaurants they 've only just heard of ? What accounts for places with perfectly respectable histories  Estonia , Laos  suddenly finding their ways "  onto the map " of the traveling masses ? A lot of what attracts tourism is economics , sometimes positive  China  sometimes less so  Greece  . Major world events contribute to international buzz -- the Summer Olympics placed London atop many "  hottest 2012 destinations " lists . Savvy marketing makes a difference . The current "  It 's more fun in the Philippines " campaign has helped attract visitors to that vastly underrated country . The chance whims of pop culture can unexpectedly thrust a heretofore obscure place into the spotlight . By now you 've probably heard of the Seoul district of Gangnam . You could n't have said that this time last year . When compiling our list of 2013 hot spots , we took into account all of the above and more while canvassing travel sites , experts and organizations to identify up and coming destinations based on bargains , significant events and important new services , such as added airline routes and major hotel openings . Our hot seven are n't the only "  new " places ready to be discovered in the coming year , but they 're a solid start . Where will you be traveling in 2013 ? Let us know your "  hot destinations " in the comments section below . 1 . Scotland , United Kingdom Scotland has seen fit to dub 2013 the "  Year of Natural Scotland , " and what better time to do it ? Anyone who saw the 2012 James Bond thriller "  Skyfall " walked away wishing they too could race through Scotland 's dramatic countryside and hide out in its misty highlands  granted , while not being pursued by a homicidal Javier Bardem  . Of many outdoor events and special deals planned around the Year of Natural Scotland , highlights include : the Dumfries & Galloway Wildlife Festival 2013  March 29-April 14  ; Heb Celt 2013 music festival  July 17-20  ; Scottish Food and Drink Fortnight  September 7-22  ; and , of course , The Open Championship golf tournament  July 14-21  . More independent-minded trekkers will find 2013 a good year to tackle part of Scotland 's Great Trails , a network of long-distance routes across the country . The entire length of the country -- all 750 kilometers of it -- can be walked via the recently announced Gore-Tex Scottish National Trail . The trail , which runs from the English border to Cape Wrath , travels past pristine lochs and haunting glens as it follows mainly existing routes , such as the West Highland Way and Rob Roy Way . Should Scotland give the UK the highland fling ? 2 . Rabat , Morocco What a difference a little recognition makes . Travelers have long overlooked Morocco 's low-key capital , instead being seduced by the heady sights and sounds of Marrakech or beachside charm of Essaouira . That 'll change in 2013 with the elegant city in the northwest of the country having been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in July 2012 . This means word is just starting to get out about what the UNESCO folks call Rabat 's "  fertile exchange between the Arabo-Muslim past and Western modernism . " Exhibit A : the historic old town featuring the magnificent twelfth-century Hassan Mosque and a picturesque medina overlooking the Atlantic with largely hassle-free shopping . Exhibit B : Rabat 's charming French-built new town with wide boulevards and lovely cafes . A shiny new tramway links the capital to its sister city Salé , while a new airport terminal means the city has become much more accessible . Rabat  area population 1.7 million  is hitting the proverbial travel radar , but it 's far from overrun -- that makes 2013 the year to be there now . Link : www.visitmorocco.com 3 . Košice , Slovakia Thanks in part to its medieval old town and vibrant mix of Renaissance , Baroque , and art nouveau architecture , the compact yet captivating eastern Slovakian city of Košice  population 250,000  has been chosen 2013 's European Capital of Culture  along with Marseille in France  . To say that city officials are excited is an understatement -- they 've planned at least 300 cultural events for 2013 . The ECOC opening ceremony will be held January 19 and 20 and is , according to officials , "  conceived as a unique , two-day inspirational event which will enliven the whole city . " Events will be spread across town , from the State Theater to a stage on major Hlavna Street to numerous clubs and restaurants . Throughout the year , activities will draw on the city 's Slovakian and Hungarian heritage and include music festivals , theater , art and street performance . Just as enjoyable is people watching along a pedestrian-only main drag while taking in the Gothic St. Elisabeth cathedral and sipping a Košice Gold , the city 's official cocktail  with a super-secret recipe  . Link : www.kosice2013.sk 4 . Sub-Saharan Africa Multi-country African trips usual mean long , bumpy journeys on bad roads or budget-busting charter flights between destinations . The November 2012 launch of Fastjet , Africa 's new European‐style , low-cost airline , promises to revolutionize travel in the region . Fastjet currently operates a small fleet of Airbus 319s from its Tanzanian base in Dar es Salaam , connecting the capital to the trekking mecca of Kilimanjaro . It also flies to Mwanza on the southern shore of Lake Victoria , handy for the western Serengeti . According to flightglobal.com , the airline will establish a second base of operations in Nairobi in early 2013 , and add operation centers later in the year in the African capitals of Accra , Ghana and Luanda , Angola . Other destinations slated for 2013 include Entebbe in Uganda  allowing cheaper access to the country 's mountain gorillas  and beach resorts of Zanzibar in Tanzania and Mombasa in Kenya . With one-way fares as low as US$ 20  excluding taxes and surcharges  , remote parts of Africa will be a lot easier to get to in 2013 . 52 weeks , 52 things to do in 2013 5 . Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , United States With Daniel Day-Lewis likely getting an Oscar Best Actor nomination for his spooky good portrayal of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln  the 85th Academy Awards show will be held February 24  and the 150th anniversary of the real president 's famed 272-word Gettysburg Address  given in the wake of the pivotal Battle of Gettysburg , it 's perhaps the most famous speech in American political history  , U.S. Civil War history will take center stage in 2013 . A year of events and commemorations are scheduled in and around Gettysburg , including a 10-day program of tours , performances and a massive battle re-enactment on July 4  U.S. Independence Day  at the Gettysburg National Military Park from June 28 through July 7 . 6 . Amsterdam , the Netherlands Like birthday celebrations ? Amsterdam does , and it 's set to host a bunch of them to mark major anniversaries in 2013 . The 160th anniversary of Vincent Van Gogh 's birthday will take place on March 30 with special exhibitions and opening hours of the city 's Van Gogh Museum . One of the world 's greatest orchestras , the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra turns 125 years old in 2013 . A special "  125 Years of the Concertgebouw Orchestra and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra " concert will be held on April 10 , 2013 . "  Bach , Mozart , Haydn with Giovanni Antonini " is the highlight of the late February-early March schedule . More Amsterdam birthdays : the city 's canal ring will celebrate its 400th anniversary , the Artis Royal Zoo turns 175 and the Rijksmuseum national museum of Netherlands art and history returns after a 10-year renovation , with a grand opening scheduled for April 13 . "  Once the new Rijksmuseum has become a tasteful , daring , imaginative and optimistic museum , it will have fulfilled its mission , " says to the museum 's website . That 's a lot of ways to celebrate 2013 in a city already known for fun . What were the most popular travel destinations in 2012 ? 7 . Colombia Magical Andes mountain scenery , bustling cities quickly getting up to international speed in the wake of a troubling past , high-end hotel openings  Hilton , InterContinental , Marriott  and new direct routes from major air carriers are quickly moving Colombia onto a lot of traveler wish lists -- including ours . The deal folks Travelzoo agree , naming Colombia a "  Wow Deal Destination for 2013 " and reporting on a "  tourism boom breeding competition and deals in a country where the U.S. dollar already goes far . " Adding a grace note is Bogotá 's designation as a 2013 UNESCO City of Music . The organization recognized the city "  foremost for its fast growing musical sector and dynamic music scene as a major center of musical creation and activity in Latin America . " To mark the honor , a series of concerts and music festivals will take place in the city throughout the year , from casual performances in public parks to lively club shows and the first Bogotá International Music Festival  March 27-30 , link in Spanish only  , a four-day , 55-performance concert event that this year will be dedicated entirely to Beethoven . As we already mentioned , our hot seven are n't the only "  new " places to hit in 2013 . Other trending spots include : Montenegro -- great beaches , rich history , underappreciated cuisine , stunning sites . New Zealand -- more film-inspired sightseeing mixed with top-rate food and wine . Miami -- reinventing itself as a hip hangout for arty types . Japan -- offering better than ever value as the country seeks to reinvigorate travel in wake of 2011 tsunami . Vietnam -- a wave of new resort openings planned for 2013 . Agree , disagree ? What are your 2013 travel plans or wishes ?	Moroccan capital a new UNESCO Heritage site Budget airlines making travel more affordable and accessible Major anniversaries in Amsterdam , The Netherlands 150 year anniversary of U.S. President Lincoln speech
CNN  -- While forecasters predicted cooler days ahead for some of the United States , millions endured sizzling temperatures Saturday , with St. Louis marking its 10th consecutive day of 100 degrees and higher . A cold front was expected to bring much-needed relief in communities baking in a lingering heat wave . The front was to move across the Upper Midwest and Great Lakes on Saturday , and into Ohio and the northeast the following day , bringing significantly cooler air , according to the National Weather Service . An excessive heat warning ended in the Chicago area . Despite the cold front , temperatures could remain high until Sunday . The heat wave has left scores dead and hundreds of thousands without power . Saturday 's high of 107 in St. Louis broke a 103-degree mark set in 1936 , said Butch Dye , hydrometeorologist technician for the National Weather Service . But conditions were expected to improve somewhat Sunday , with a high in the lower to mid-90s . Monday 's expected 89 will match the normal high , said Dye . Temperatures topped 100 degrees Saturday in a swath stretching from south-central Iowa to the Chicago area to Louisville , Kentucky , to Virginia , the weather service said . Saturday 's highs included 106 in Louisville ; 105 in Lexington , Kentucky ; 104 in Richmond , Virginia ; 104 in Nashville , Tennessee ; and 101 in Reading , Pennsylvania . A 4-month-old girl in Greenfield , Indiana , died after being left in a car for an "  extended period of time , " police Chief John Jester said . While it was n't clear how hot it had been inside the car , temperatures in that community of 20,000 people reached 103 degrees . The baby 's grandfather found the young girl and rushed her to the hospital , where she was pronounced dead . Her father , Joshua Stryzinski , was later arrested and charged with neglect of a dependent , resulting in death . Jester said that charge may change after detectives meet with prosecutors . About 25 miles northwest in the town of Fishers , Meg E. Trueblood was arrested for felony neglect of a dependent after her 16-month-old unattended daughter was pulled from a car at a shopping center , police said . The toddler was rushed to the hospital in critical condition , said police spokesman Tom Weger . The temperature inside the vehicle was 124 degrees , said Weger , adding the baby was inside it for about one hour . An officer broke a window to reach the little girl . Fishers is just northeast of Indianapolis , where the thermometer hit 105 degrees . The heat wave is leaving a significant mark : Nationwide , there have been more than 4,500 daily record highs in the last 30 days , according to the National Climatic Data Center . Also , the heat has brought nearly 240 all-time record highs between June 23 and July 5 , CNN meteorologist Alexandra Steele said Saturday . Triple-digit strategies for staying healthy Forecasters said the cold front will help bring those numbers down some Sunday -- but at a cost . The front is expected to carry damaging storms , with large hail and strong winds , Steele said . "  It 's relief at a price , " Steele said . She predicted a long , hot summer for the country . "  Heat begets heat , " Steele said . In Maryland , 10 heat-related deaths have been counted since Monday , said the state 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . All 10 victims were men , and all but two were more than 65 years old -- with the exceptions being between ages 45 and 64 -- the Maryland agency said . Five deaths were in Baltimore , two in Baltimore County , two in Montgomery County and one in Wicomico County , according to the department . Meanwhile , about 322,000 customers across 12 states and the District of Columbia suffered Saturday in the heat without the benefits of electricity , including power for their air conditioning and for refrigeration to keep their food edible , according to a CNN count Saturday evening . Because utilities typically define each residential and business account as a customer , the actual number of people affected was not clear . Many of these people have gone without power for a full week , thanks to strong storms fueled by the heat that barreled east from Indiana to New Jersey . Others have watched more recent but similar storms leave them in the dark . Gadgets to help you survive a power outage The hardest-hit state continues to be West Virginia , where about 116,000 customers had no power Saturday . Residents have been stocking up on ice to try to save food from spoiling in their useless refrigerators to the point that stores have sold out of it , CNN affiliate WSAZ reported . Roger Harrah said he traveled from county to county , some 60 miles , searching for ice Friday and finally found a store with some . "  I thought I better get some while I can , " Harrah said . "  I tell you what , it is rough living without ice . " The extreme heat has also damaged roads . Wisconsin received about 30 reports of roads buckling Thursday , according to transportation officials . Earlier this week , a viral video showed an SUV airborne after hitting a patch of buckled Wisconsin highway . Missouri has also warned drivers to be on the look-out for pavement buckling from heat . And since June 23 , scores of cities have been the hottest they 've ever been , on any day ever recorded . That includes 107 in Colorado Springs , 109 in Nashville and 106 in Atlanta . In Washington , the thermometer has gone past 95 degrees for nine straight days -- the longest such streak since modern record-keeping began . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Phil Gast , Maggie Schneider and Monica O'Connor contributed to this report .	10 heat-related deaths are reported in Maryland alone An Indiana father is arrested after his baby , who was left in a car , dies There were 322,000 power outages throughout the area Saturday evening A cold front should make temperatures bearable by Monday
CNN  -- English Premier League side Everton are pondering proposing a ground share with city rivals Liverpool following the rejection of plans for their own 50,000 stadium . Everton had proposed the new $ 660 million combined stadium and shopping complex for Kirkby , located north-east of the city , but were rejected by the local council . Chief executive Robert Elstone admits the club could be interested in teaming up with their city neighbours at Stanley Park , the planned location for Liverpool 's new 61,000 stadium . "  We are going to look forward and look forward positively , " Elston told the British Press Association . "  A shared stadium is perhaps an option if it 's affordable . " Everton are keen to take advantage of the increased revenue a bigger stadium would bring over their current 40,000-capacity Goodison Park ground . With their Kirkby proposal , which was to be co-funded by British supermarket chain Tesco , looking unlikely to get the go-ahead a ground share with Liverpool would seem an obvious solution especially with the Reds struggling to raise the necessary money to get the development going . "  We have to look at where we can raise money , because potentially Liverpool will have to obviously contribute to that , and Liverpool City Council perhaps might need to find some money , " added Elston . "  We 're going to have to start to have those conversations ; we 're not going to have to be open-minded about solutions . " Liverpool 's American owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett however have previously said they were opposed to such plans as they did not want to lose out on the revenue streams which come from sole ownership . The Anfield club 's position seems unlikely to change , at least in the short term , with their deputy executive director Peter Shaw telling Sky Sports : "  It 's not on our agenda at the moment . Liverpool are progressing forward with our own stadium . That is the position we are still in . " The rejection of the Kirkby stadium proposal is a major blow to Everton 's future plans with the club hoping the development would have encouraged much needed investment . "  That was the big attraction to Kirkby , that it was affordable , " added Elston . "  Then it 's about reviewing alternatives and sitting down with partners , all the stakeholders in this region and anybody who can help Everton deliver what it needs -- which is a world-class stadium that 's going to secure our future for years to come . "	Everton are considering enquiring with city-rivals Liverpool about a possible ground-share This follows the rejection of plans for their own new stadium by local council officials Liverpool 's owners have previously said they would not be keen on sharing with Everton
CNN  -- McLaren boss Martin Whitmarsh has called on Formula One 's notoriously argumentative teams to unite and guarantee the future of the sport . F1 's commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone told CNN that the teams had agreed a deal until 2020 to replace the existing Concorde Agreement , which expires at the end of this year , but it has yet to be formally put in place . "  My fear is that at the moment the deal has n't been done and therefore it adds some volatility to the situation , " Whitmarsh said on the official F1 website . "  At times Formula One has lost opportunities because of inner frictions . We create dramas out here between us rather than saying , ` Hey , this is a fantastic sport , a world sport , and we should all work together and point in the same direction . ' " Whitmarsh revealed that most of the teams had signed individual contracts , but he warned that a new Concorde deal was needed to tie in motorsport 's ruling body the FIA and dispel rumors of a breakaway competition . Ecclestone : I 'll run F1 until I die "  We must to come to the point of saying Formula One is big and important to all of us , so in large areas we should be aligned , and if we just can put aside our individual differences and focus on what we all want -- for example to be successful in America -- then that reflects on all of us , " he said . "  I hope that there will be a Concorde Agreement that ties it all together because at the moment there are individual contracts . If we were not happy with our contract we would n't have signed it , but the danger is that if we all have individual contracts that is probably not aligning us and bringing us together . "  The Concorde is a tripartite agreement -- teams , commercial rights holder and FIA . It has never been perfect , but it 's a model that before we abandon it we should be very cautious . Why reinvent something if it functions ? Let 's use it . " McLaren , Ferrari and Red Bull are expected to be represented on F1 's new extended board but Whitmarsh said the English team would not take part until all have signed up . "  I do n't think that it is a secret anymore that nine teams have signed the contract -- and I really hope that the silver team next door  UK-based Mercedes  will sign very shortly and it will be then that we will take up our board position , " he said . "  We 'd like to see that all the teams have signed before we join the board . I think it has to be clear that anyone joining this board is n't there to represent their team interests but try to contribute to Formula One and take a broader view . "  It is a phenomenally interesting opportunity . We have to come together more effectively -- then we can make it an even better sport in the future . " Mayor of London open to capital grand prix Whitmarsh is head of the Formula One Teams Association , which was involved in a bitter row with Ecclestone and the FIA over the future of F1 before finally signing the last Concorde Agreement in 2009 . Ferrari , Red Bull and Sauber pulled out in December 2011 , raising the prospect of fresh division among the teams . McLaren and Ferrari are the two most successful teams in F1 history , but Whitmarsh said he was confident they could overcome their differences for the good of the sport . "  I have a very good relationship with Ferrari . We 've known them for 30 years now and have been fighting them on the track , in the pit lane , in the paddock , in FIA meetings , in court -- everywhere , " he said . "  I respect that Ferrari is the biggest brand in Formula One . And for McLaren to say that is not something that comes easy . But it 's a fact . "  And the second largest brand in Formula One is McLaren . Maybe in 50 years we will be bigger than Ferrari , but at the moment I respect what they represent . Of course we want to beat each other -- that will never change -- but consent should be possible . " Alonso extends lead with victory from pole in Germany Ferrari , without a world title since 2008 , has been dominant this year as Fernando Alonso has overcome the Italian marque 's early-season performance problems to lead the championship with three victories from 10 races . McLaren made a strong start as Jenson Button won the opening grand prix , but then had to wait until the seventh in Canada for the next success when Lewis Hamilton came home first . The two former world champions are well off the overall pace . Hamilton trails by 62 points in fifth while last season 's runnerup Button is 86 points adrift in seventh ahead of this weekend 's Hungarian Grand Prix , after which there will be a month-long break . . McLaren 's lack of race pace has led to speculation that Hamilton will not sign a new contract , but Whitmarsh is confident the English driver will continue his career-long association with the team . "  Based on what I 've been told and what I 've observed , Lewis wants to stay with this team and McLaren very much wants Lewis to stay , " he said . "  Maybe we are over-comfortable with each other , but we have n't had the urgency to resolve that contract issue , so we all said , ` Okay , let 's sort it out in the break . ' And we are only one week away from the break . I suspect that we can resolve it during that period and come back with clarity for the rest of the season . " Latest F1 standings McLaren 's hopes of a first constructors ' crown since 1998 seem slim , trailing Red Bull by 70 points and second-placed Ferrari by 17 at the halfway point "  There is a tough development battle going on . Right now you have to say that Ferrari is the most improved team , " Whitmarsh said . "  I think it is also fair to say that sometimes we have severe problems with the tires . I would not say that there is anything wrong with the tires , it 's just that we are right at the knife-edge and sometimes it falls the wrong way . "  There is no doubt that tires have an enormous effect this year -- probably too much in my view -- but , on the other hand , for the fans it has been an incredibly intriguing season so far . " Whitmarsh believes the unpredictability of results -- there were an unprecedented seven winners from the first seven races -- has made the sport more appealing as it looks to enter new markets . "  We have to connect to younger people , who have got lots of entertainment options apart from sitting in front of the television , " he said . "  Formula One is a world sport , of which there are only two -- soccer and Formula One -- so it is fantastic to see what 's been achieved over the last 30 years . And we should be aiming to do it again in the next 30 years . "  I hope we can capture the imagination in North America . They are such a huge market , they love cars , and we are the premier motor racing in the world . So when we can provide them with entertainment -- and we have a product that is massively exciting -- then I 'm sure we can make it . "	McLaren principal Martin Whitmarsh hopes teams will sign new Concorde deal He reveals that nine of the 12 teams have signed individual contracts Whitmarsh says McLaren will not take place on board until all teams sign up He is confident that Lewis Hamilton will agree new deal during upcoming break
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two popular anti-smoking drugs will now carry warnings about the risk of severe mental health problems , the Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday . "  Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death , " an FDA official said . The FDA said Chantix and Zyban will carry the warnings to alert consumers to the risks of depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs . The drugs also have been reported to cause changes in behavior , hostility and agitation in users , whether users had a history of psychiatric illness or not . In many cases , side effects started shortly after use began and ended when the medication was stopped . The FDA does not know what is causing the changes and said people taking these products should be monitored by their doctor . "  The risk of serious adverse events while taking these products must be weighed against the significant health benefits of quitting smoking , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death in the United States , and we know these products are effective aids in helping people quit . " The agency also is requiring Pfizer Inc. , which makes Chantix , and GlaxoSmithKline , maker of Zyban , to conduct a study looking at how often these serious symptoms occur . Pfizer says it updated its label in 2007 to include information of neuropsychiatric symptoms and has revised the label again to reflect Wednesday 's warning . "  The labeling update underscores the important role of health care providers in treating smokers attempting to quit and provides specific information about Chantix and instructions that physicians and patients should follow closely , " said Dr. Briggs W. Morrison , senior vice president of the primary care development group at Pfizer . "  Quitting smoking is one of the best things people can do for their health , but the quitting process is both difficult and complex . " The FDA says that since Chantix was approved in 2006 , the agency has had reports of 98 suicides and 188 attempted suicides . Zyban has had reports of 14 suicides and 17 attempts . Zyban contains the same active ingredient as the antidepressant Wellbutrin and already carried a box warning about the increased risk of suicidal thinking and behavior . Neither Chantix nor Zyban contains nicotine , and the FDA said some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawal . Still , the agency said , people using these drugs experienced some of these symptoms while they were still smoking . In a review of side effects in patients using the nicotine patch , the agency said it did n't find a clear link between those products and suicidal events .	FDA : Chantix and Zyban will carry warnings about mental health risks Risks include depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs Drug makers must conduct study how often these serious symptoms occur Some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawal
CNN  -- In the frigid cold of Sweden , police discover a savage triple homicide , a family murdered , a killer still on the loose . There is a sole survivor , a young boy , gravely wounded , his family killed before his eyes . Desperate to find the killer , Detective Inspector Joona Linna turns to a retired hypnotist for help . He convinces Dr. Erik Maria Bark to put the boy under hypnosis , hoping to discover the killer through his eyes . But entering the boy 's damaged consciousness unleashes a terrifying chain of events . Hooked yet ? This is the premise of "  The Hypnotist , " the latest "  Nordic noir " title wowing readers around the globe . One of the first things you should know about the chilling debut thriller from the author , Lars Kepler , is there is no Lars Kepler . Kepler is the pen name of Alexander Ahndoril and Alexandra Coelho Ahndoril , a charming married couple from Sweden . Both authors in their own right , their first collaboration has turned into an international sensation . "  The Hypnotist " is a best-seller in Sweden and across Europe , with a movie in the works . Now the novel comes to the U.S. , and Kepler , or rather the Ahndorils , have drawn the inevitable -- but in this case , well-deserved -- comparison to Sweden 's best-known crime writer , the late Stieg Larsson . CNN recently talked to the couple , and the following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  The Hypnotist " ? The Ahndorils : We happened to have several years of direct insight into professional hypnosis , so the idea of using a hypnotist as a key character came naturally to us . Many crime novels are about getting as close as possible to victims and perpetrators . We thought it would be exciting to use a hypnotist , because he can actually step into other people 's memories . When we decided to write together , we challenged ourselves to transfer a filmic atmosphere into words . We want the readers to feel that they are there , inside the fiction , when they read Lars Kepler , almost believing they can influence the course of events . CNN : What do you think about all of the positive international attention ? Ahndorils : We are of course very happy , but at the same time , we really need a kind of inner calm to be able to write , so we 're actually trying hard not to think about the success . "  The Hypnotist " has sold to more than 36 countries and has been a best-seller wherever it 's been published . The director Lasse Hallström is making it into a movie . It 's fantastic , but a good friend of ours , who understands the importance of relaxation when you write , gave us a number to a skillful hypnotist ! CNN : There was a big furor in Sweden to find the real Lars Kepler , so why did you choose a pen name ? Ahndorils : A pen name is often a way for an author to signal that he or she is writing with a new voice or in a new genre . We 've been writers in our own right for several years before we started to write together , and from the beginning we thought it was a great idea to stay secret behind a pen name . Then two things happened unexpectedly : First , writing together was the most creative and enjoyable thing we 'd ever experienced ; and second , the media went crazy when the "  The Hypnotist " was published in Sweden in 2009 . The whole nation was suddenly searching for the person behind Lars Kepler . We tried to hide , but one dark night in August , two journalists with flashlights and cameras found us in our summer house . The next day , we packed our three daughters in our car and drove to Stockholm to meet the media and readers . CNN : How does your writing partnership work ? Are there any special challenges because you are married ? Ahndorils : If you told a couple who 's been together for almost 20 years , and live with their three young daughters in an apartment , that they were going to share a small study for several years and write novels together , they would probably just laugh , no matter how much they love each other . We 'd tried to write together several times previously , but each time , the cooperation has almost immediately turned into arguments and big fights . It was actually because of this we came up with the idea of creating a brand new writer . Lars Kepler is not Alexander , nor Alexandra . He has a life of his own . And the truth is , since we started to write as Lars Kepler , we have n't had a single fight . Many authors who work together write alternate chapters , or divide the characters in the story between them . We do n't do that ; we write everything together , like two people playing the piano four-handed . We discuss the plot all the time -- when we pick up our children at school , when we shop for dinner . We even wake each other up in the middle of the night to discuss turning points . If we were to page through "  The Hypnotist " or our sequel , we would n't be able to find a single sentence that only one of us wrote . It 's all the work of Lars . CNN : What kind of research did you do on hypnosis ? Ahndorils : Alexander 's big brother is a professional hypnotist and writes books about practical hypnosis . He was a perfect source . We read a lot of other works about hypnosis , and Alexander was actually hypnotized himself . It was a surprise that hypnosis was truly enjoyable , even though you hand your own choice over to the hypnotist . And we were also surprised when we understood that the hypnotist himself goes into a kind of special trance during the sessions . Almost everybody can be hypnotized , except if they do n't want to be  such as Alexandra  . A person who is being hypnotized is in a state of deepest relaxation and seems to be nearly asleep . But if you look at the person 's brain activity , you see that the brain is totally awake , extremely active and alert . Deep hypnosis is a very powerful elevator into the subconscious . Sigmund Freud used it for a while but thought it revealed too much too fast . CNN : What do you think of the comparisons to Stieg Larsson , and what are your thoughts about the continuing Scandinavian crime fiction craze ? Ahndorils : In fact , the name "  Lars " in Lars Kepler is an homage to Larsson . We have a lot of ideals in common with him . On one hand , crime novels paint a very violent and dark world ; on the other hand , they make the failures of society clear and open for discussion , though the riddles should be solved and the perpetrators stopped when you close the book . We also share the love for complex characters with Stieg Larsson . Because no matter how interesting the plot is that you create , the story will not be exciting if you do n't care about the characters . One thought we had about the Scandinavian trend concerns the fear of darkness , because the source for all thrillers is that fear . But as a writer , you are almost certain that you can stop the perpetrators and guarantee happy endings . So writing is a way to disarm the fear for a moment , just like a roller coaster transforms the fear of heights into something fun during the ride . People have always been afraid of the dark , not only children . ... And the fact is that it 's not that easy to find a darker place than Scandinavia during the winter . The sun does n't even rise for three months in the northern parts . So with all this darkness , it 's maybe not that strange we have this strong tradition of crime writing . CNN : What 's next ? Will you continue to work as a team ? Ahndorils : Our second Lars Kepler novel was published in Sweden in July 2010 , and we 're deep into the third , which will come out November 11 in Sweden . We have the plot for the fourth book finished , plus a whole lot of exciting investigations , cold cases , mysteries and ideas that we think will be enough for at least eight books . Every new book about Detective Inspector Joona Linna is independent and will have different main characters , but Joona is the main character of the series . Most writers are really lonely . You ca n't share your inner world with anybody for years while you 're writing a novel . But now , since Lars Kepler appeared , everything is different for us . We do n't long for the usual loneliness of a writer after this shared rush of creativity .	Lars Kepler is the pen name of a married couple from Sweden "  The Hypnotist " has become a best-seller in 36 countries and is being made into a movie Alexander Ahndoril 's brother is a hypnotist and provided information for the book "  Lars " in Lars Kepler is an homage to Swedish author Stieg Larsson
CNN  -- Umma Azul , whose godmother is the county 's President , on Saturday became the first child of a lesbian couple to be baptized by the Catholic Church in Argentina . Carina Villarroel and Soledad Ortiz asked Archbishop Carlos Jose Nanez for the blessing , according to national news agency Telam . The bishop reportedly said their marital status has no bearing on the child . A priest performed the baptism at the cathedral in Cordoba , Telam said . Same-sex marriage has been legal in Argentina since 2010 , but is not sanctioned by the Catholic Church . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , the baby girl 's official godmother , could not attend but sent a representative , according to Telam . Ortiz had personally asked the President to be the godmother "  because it is a way to thank her and former President Nestor Kirchner for that law that gave us rights , " she said . Ortiz told reporters that "  now we hope to get married by the church and we will fight for that . " Argentina is home to Pope Francis . Last summer , he told the media aboard a flight to Rome , "  Who am I to judge " gay people ? Two months later , in September 2013 , Francis said the church has the right to express its opinions but not to "  interfere spiritually " in the lives of gays and lesbians . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	A baby belonging to a legally married lesbian couple is baptized by in the Catholic Church in Argentina Bishop said the parents ' marital status has no bearing on child Argentina 's president became the child 's official godmother
CNN  -- Bernadette 's father died from AIDS complications when she was a child . Her mother never even knew he had HIV until she and her daughter tested positive years later . Shocked and angry , Bernadette could n't accept the news . She refused to take her medicine . Depressed and shut off from the world , Bernadette imagined she would soon die . Then , at the urging of her mother , she joined a Sunday support group for young people living with HIV . Over time , she became engaged in youth activities and opened her heart to the others . Today , she is a youth peer educator at Women 's Equity in Access to Care and Treatment , where she shares her experiences with other young people living with HIV , encouraging them to stay in school , take their medicine and work for a better future . This is just one example of a brave story . And there are millions more : The teenage girl who was orphaned and had to raise herself and her siblings ; the young man who refused to be silenced by discrimination and disclosed his status to friends ; or the young couple -- one HIV positive and the other not -- planning their future . These stories speak to the pain , loss and challenges that HIV and AIDS have put upon this generation , but also to the triumph of what 's possible when we come together . We are part of a generation that has only known a world with HIV . The United Nations says that about 34 million people are living with HIV worldwide -- and 5 million of them are between the ages of 15 and 24 . That age group accounts for an estimated 39 % of new adult HIV infections globally ; and nearly 65 % of young people living with HIV are women . Most of them live in sub-Saharan Africa . Bernadette is one of those young people . Now 20 , Bernadette has been a client at the WE-ACTx for Hope Clinic , Keep a Child Alive 's partner in Kigali , Rwanda , since 2007 . Cristina and I have had the honor of visiting our Keep a Child Alive programs in Africa -- and Cristina just returned from a visit with some of the young people that I met when they were just toddlers . Ten years later , these young people are living healthy , happy , hopeful lives . We 've seen amazing progress in the past 10 years -- and though we still have a long way to go , more people are getting HIV treatment and fewer babies are being born with HIV . We 're seeing the results of so many people 's work to "  keep a child alive , " and now , the first generation of children who received HIV treatment are entering adolescence and young adulthood . But for all of our progress , we are still failing this generation . In the United States , young gay men and young women and men of color are particularly vulnerable to HIV . In terms of rates of infection , vulnerability , impact and -- most important to us -- the enormous potential to turn this epidemic around , young people are at the center of the HIV epidemic . Despite this , most HIV treatment programs and policies are designed for children or adults , leaving young people caught in the middle of programs that fall short in meeting their special needs . The good news is that across the world , young people are uniting to demand a seat at the table . They are demanding attention from their communities , health facilities , schools , governments and leaders . At Keep a Child Alive , we believe in nurturing a strong , true and loud collective voice from our world 's young people . We recently launched , 5MIL , a new initiative that seeks to address the needs of their generation as it relates to HIV . Over the next few months , we will roll out 5MIL : Hangout , a youth-led platform to connect young advocates living with HIV and affected by HIV from Rwanda , South Africa , Uganda and the United States . This grassroots , virtual dialogue is about fostering a safe space for young people to come together and talk openly about HIV , share challenges and solutions and connect directly with influential leaders . We are calling for action from all young people around the world living with and affected by HIV and AIDS and the global community to join this movement . Get loud ! Talk , blog , tweet and text truths about HIV . By talking openly , we can take the power away from silence and fear and put it in the hands of knowledge , acceptance and love . Tap into the Y-potential : Young people are passionate -- let 's harness their energy and willingness to think boldly and take risks . Ask young people what they think and what ideas they have to turn the tide of HIV for their generation , their community and themselves . Know your status : Get an HIV test and talk to young people about testing , prevention -- including using condoms and having good sexual health -- and treatment if they are positive . AIDS is n't over yet . And it wo n't be without including young people in the conversation . We believe in a world where young people living with HIV and its effects can lead a life without fear . You believe they can thrive and follow their dreams . I hope you will join us in our efforts to bring awareness and money to organizations such as Keep a Child Alive . Together , we are loud , proud , and strong ! And please tune into live streaming of the Global Citizen Festival this Saturday in Central Park , New York . I 'll be performing , as well as John Mayer , Kings of Leon , Stevie Wonder and Elvis Costello . It 's organized by the Global Poverty Project . Opinion : Social entrepreneurs dare to change the world The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alicia Keys and Cristina Jade Peña .	Writers : A generation of young people have only known a world with HIV Millions of young people are affected or live with HIV , especially in Africa They say vulnerable young people do n't get the kind of treatment they need Alicia Keys and Cristina Peña call on young people to join movement to end HIV
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , wore an outfit from designer Britt Lintner to greet President Obama and his wife , Michelle , while Michelle Obama wore J.Crew , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Sarah Brown , left , wears a dress from an American designer . Michelle Obama wears J.Crew . Both women later changed and wore other designer outfits for the formal pre-G-20 summit dinner at 10 Downing Street , the British prime minister 's official residence . Wednesday morning , Sarah Brown wore a one-of-a-kind navy dress with red lining by the American-born Lintner , a spokeswoman for 10 Downing Street said . The designer specially made the dress in navy for Brown , but retails the garment in black for $ 720 , Lintner said . Michelle Obama 's outfit included a $ 158 green skirt and $ 298 bead and rhinestone cardigan from J.Crew , the store 's Web site showed . Brown also wore a pair of Astley Clarke earrings , according to a spokeswoman from 10 Downing Street . The Astley Clarke Web site sells earrings from less than $ 100 to more than $ 10,000 . The first ladies ' choices of outfits during this summit are being closely watched by the world 's media , both in terms of style and comparative cost . Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves and receive no clothing allowance , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Lintner first designed a dress for Brown for the British Fashion Council Awards in November 2007 , Lintner said . She sells to clients only through her West London studio and said she started her company out of frustration over the selection of workwear available for women . Although the clothes are expensive , she said , they are made to last . This is not the first time Michelle Obama has chosen an "  off the rack " outfit . She has worn J.Crew before , including in American Vogue . When appearing on "  The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno , she wore a J.Crew ensemble , on which she commented , "  You get some good stuff online . " After the photo call , Obama and Brown visited Maggie 's Cancer Caring Center , where Brown is a patron . The spouses of the G-20 leaders have several events scheduled during their stay in London . On Tuesday , Brown will be host of a dinner for G-20 spouses . The dinner will take place at No. 11 Downing Street , the London residence of the chancellor of the exchequer , while the G-20 leaders take a working dinner next door at No. 10 . As well as the spouses of the G-20 leaders , prominent women in British sport , arts , fashion , charity and business are also expected to attend . Downing Street has said those invited are "  all intended to show off British talent . " Those invited include "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling , supermodel Naomi Campbell and Olympic gold medal runner Kelly Holmes . Downing Street sources said Michelle Obama will be seated between Holmes and Rowling . The spouses also will visit the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , London . They are expected to watch some short performances of opera and ballet , the Prime Minister 's Press Office said .	Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , greets dignitaries in American designer 's outfit Michelle Obama wears J.Crew at London , England , summit Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When shots rang out at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum last week , security officers Harry Weeks and Jason McCuiston were stunned . Harry Weeks , left , and Jason McCuiston fired on James von Brunn at the Holocaust Memorial Museum . "  I would say it was surreal , both of us could n't believe what was happening , " Weeks told CNN in his first national televised interview since the June 10 shooting . "  I know myself I just , I heard ` pop , pop ' and it was surreal . " McCuiston added : "  It was n't normal . You knew something was wrong and you knew it was very bad . " What went terribly wrong is that white supremacist James von Brunn allegedly walked into the museum and started firing his rifle , shooting security officer Stephen Johns in the chest . Despite their initial shock , Weeks and McCuiston kept their composure enough to draw their weapons and start shooting at von Brunn , 88 . Weeks had fired his gun in the line of duty 25 years earlier as a Washington , D.C. , police officer . But he said nothing compared to this bloody confrontation . "  This was terrible , " Weeks said softly . "  This was worse . ... We lost Officer Johns . " Johns died shortly after the shooting , leaving behind a family that includes a teenage son who told CNN affiliate WUSA-TV the day after the tragedy that his dad was "  my hero . " Watching a video clip of those comments , McCuiston started crying . "  First thing I thought about , I have an 11-year-old , " the officer said before breaking down . Watch the officers tell their story " Just moments before their joint interview with CNN on Thursday , McCuiston and Weeks attended a grief counseling session together , and both men say they are still struggling with their emotions . The security officers said they believe von Brunn will survive his wounds and eventually face trial . So they would not discuss details of the shootout out of a fear of jeopardizing the criminal investigation , but they were willing to discuss their memories of Johns so that the public knows more about him . McCuiston said the 6-foot-6-inch , 300-pound Johns was a "  gentle giant " who was always friendly to colleagues and museum visitors . "  Just an awesome guy , " he recalled . "  Grin from ear to ear . You 'd never know that man probably ever had a bad day in his life . " Weeks said he wanted the world to see "  what a man of hate did to this family , and the grief he caused . Let 's all remember Officer Johns , and his family , because he took the ultimate -- he did his job and he was where he was supposed to be -- and the family suffered . That could have been anyone . " McCuiston and Weeks , however , deflected suggestions that they may be heroes as well because if they had not stopped von Brunn , there 's no telling how many of the more than 2,000 people visiting the museum at the time could have been injured or killed . "  A lot of people are going to be saying what they have been saying , ` You are a hero , you 're this , you 're that , ' " McCuiston said . "  It 's like we tell everybody , ` We chose this job , it 's a job . It 's the same as a firefighter who would walk into a building , that is his job , he chose to do it . ' " Johns ' funeral on Friday has been moved to a larger church in the Washington area to accommodate all of the people who want to attend , and the museum will be closed most of the day so that his colleagues can attend . "  Everyone knows when you lose someone , death is one of the worst things , even though it is reality , " McCuiston said . "  Time will hopefully heal all , and hopefully there will be a little bit of closure with us and the family and we can all just move forward but never forget what a wonderful man he was . "	Security officers Harry Weeks and Jason McCuiston recall shooting , fellow officer When they heard shots at museum , they knew something had gone terribly wrong They call slain officer a "  gentle giant " who was always friendly to colleagues , visitors Men , who shot shooting suspect , say they 're not heroes , were just doing their jobs
CNN  -- Are Taylor Swift and country music never , ever , ever getting back together ? Swift released a video Monday for her new single , "  Shake It Off , " and the song is decidedly more pop than fans are used to from the country singer . It 's all in keeping with her fifth studio album , "  1989 , " which Swift announced during a Yahoo livestream . The new album 's title is a nod to the year Swift was born and is being hyped as the star 's "  first documented official pop album . " Swift sports multiple personas in the music video , including one that is reminiscent of Lady Gaga . The song is an ode to the "  haters " that Swift is shaking off -- and , of course , there is the dancing . "  All I think about are metaphors and cats , " Swift said in the livestream . "  Life itself and who people actually are can be greatly reflected in how people dance . ... I do n't mean how good you are but your willingness to dance . " Writing for USA Today , Brian Mansfield said Swift 's message seems to be "  Hate me all you want ... but you 're missing all the fun . " "  Lyrically , ` Shake It Off ' is ` Mean 2.0 , ' with the 24-year-old singer/songwriter taking all the criticisms leveled at her and dismissing them flippantly , " Mansfield writes . "  It 's a total swerve musically , however , with horn-blast grooves grounded in early '60s proto-soul and girl-group pop , plus a spoken-word breakdown that would come off as awkward if it were n't so knowingly funny . " Twitter immediately embraced the tune , including some high-profile fans . Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted , "  Do n't mess with @TaylorSwift13 , or she will write an incredibly catchy song about you . " Singer Kelly Clarkson wrote , "  Okay Taylor Swift 's new song/video "  Shake it off " is pretty much my favorite thing right now ! She 's hilarious ! Nicely done #thissickbeat : " But not everyone loved the video . It inspired some accusations of racism on Twitter . "  A number of Twitter users , including rapper Earl Sweatshirt , have accused Swift of perpetuating black stereotypes , " Cleveland.com writer Troy L. Smith reported . "  Many have pointed out that while all of the graceful ballerinas in the video appear to be white , most of the twerking close-ups feature black dancers  there are white women twerking as well  . " Swift 's album will be released October 27 . The single is currently available on iTunes .	Swift dropped "  Shake It Off " on Monday She announced her first "  official pop album " There were accusations of racism
CNN  -- Authorities have charged a 21-year-old Hawaii man with "  making false statements in a matter involving international terrorism , " the U.S. Justice Department said . The charge centers around a one-way ticket that authorities allege Abdel Hameed Shehadeh purchased from New York City to Islamabad , Pakistan . Shehadeh originally told investigators that the purpose of his trip was to visit an Islamic university and attend a friend 's engagement party . But he later admitted to FBI agents in Hawaii that he bought the ticket in order to join a fighting group such as the Taliban , according to a criminal complaint unsealed Monday in New York . Pakistani officials denied his entry into the country in June 2008 , the complaint said , and several weeks later Shehadeh attempted to join the U.S. Army at a recruiting station in New York 's Times Square . The complaint alleges that Shehadeh wanted to deploy to Iraq , desert and fight against the U.S. military alongside Iraqi insurgents . Shehadeh -- who was born and raised in New York -- told authorities that he wanted to enlist for career opportunities and benefits , the Justice Department said in a news release . "  The real purpose , it is alleged , was not to join U.S. forces , but to wage war against them . Stopping one prospective terrorist can prevent untold numbers of casualties , " said Janice Fedarcyk , who heads the FBI 's New York office . The complaint also alleges that Shehadeh "  was the creator and administrator of multiple websites which advocated violent jihad against the west . " One of the sites contained photos of jihadist fighters , a speech by an al Qaeda leader , an audio recording of Yemeni-American cleric and militant Anwar al-Awlaki reciting a book on jihad , the complaint says . To promote one of the sites , according to the complaint , Shehadeh posted on another site : "  It is time for the Muslims to start practicing our freedom of speech . ... My brothers of revolution Islam , I am with you as long as you keep struggling . Trust me there are many brothers and sisters in America that are ready to speak up . They just need a push . " The complaint also says Shehadeh purchased an airline ticket to travel to Amman , Jordan , in October 2008 , but was not allowed to enter the country by Jordanian authorities . The complaint does not say why authorities did not allow him to enter Pakistan and Jordan . In 2009 , Shehadeh moved to Hawaii , and later attempted to travel to Somalia . But U.S. authorities informed him he had been placed on the "  no fly " list and could not travel there , according to the complaint . In an April conversation with the FBI , Shehadeh said that if he had been allowed to enter Pakistan , "  without a doubt , he would have joined the Taliban , " the complaint said . Shehadeh will be prosecuted in the Eastern District of New York , the Justice Department said . A cousin , Bader Suleiman , called Shehadeh "  a nice kid " and said he was surprised by news of his arrest . Shehadeh spent almost a year in a hospital recovering from a serious car accident three years ago , Suleiman said . He moved to Hawaii to study after graduating from Tottenville High School on New York City 's Staten Island , Suleiman said .	Authorities allege Abdel Shehadeh lied about a planned trip to Pakistan The FBI says he intended to join the Taliban there , but originally claimed otherwise He is a U.S. citizen who was born and raised in New York
London  CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron Wednesday announced a reduction in the British troop level in Afghanistan , removing 500 service members by the end of next year . In remarks to the House of Commons , Cameron said the move will bring the troop level to 9,000 , and more reductions will be carried out in the coming years . "  We are now entering a new phase in which the Afghan forces will do more of the fighting and patrolling , and our forces more training and mentoring , " Cameron said . "  As President Obama said in his address last month , the mission is changing from combat to support . " Cameron emphasized the move "  marks the start of a process which will ensure that by the end of 2014 there will not be anything like the number of British troops there as there are now -- and they will not be serving in a combat role . " After 2014 , he said , Britain will have a "  major strategic relationship with Afghanistan , " involving development , training , diplomacy and trade . "  Above all , we have a vital national security interest in preventing Afghanistan from once again becoming a safe haven for international terrorism . So although forces will not long be present in a combat role , we will have a continuing military relationship , " he said . The announcement was made on the eve of the sixth anniversary of the July 7 terror attack in London , and Cameron makes the point that the attack was "  inspired by al Qaeda and executed by extremists following the same perverted ideology that underpinned the September 11th attack in 2001 . " Cameron noted that international troops have been putting pressure on al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan and Afghanistan , pointed out the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and cited the weakening of al Qaeda . He also said there 's evidence to indicate that the Taliban 's "  momentum " in Helmand province -- in which British troops have been based -- has been stopped . "  In 2009 , my predecessor told this House that some three-quarters of the most serious terrorist plots against Britain had links to Afghanistan and Pakistan . We must always be on our guard , but I am advised that this figure is now significantly reduced , " Cameron said . The planned reduction comes as other countries also make preparations for drawdowns and shift to plans for non-combat missions in Afghanistan , such as training . U.S. President Barack Obama recently announced the withdrawal of 33,000 American troops by the end of next year . France announced that it would also begin to reduce troop numbers , saying it "  will initiate a progressive withdrawal of troops in Afghanistan , and will follow a timetable comparable to the withdrawal of the American troops . " Canada this week is ending its combat mission in Afghanistan and transitioning to a training role . Britain 's 500-troop reduction does not include the previously announced plan to withdraw 426 British military personnel by February . Along with the military strides , Cameron said the Afghanistan security forces have been making great improvements . For example , he cited their handling of the aftermath of the Kabul hotel attack last week . "  The Afghan forces dealt with it professionally and speedily , only calling in assistance from a NATO helicopter to deal with insurgents on the roof , " Cameron said . Britain has long had the second-largest contingent in NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the coalition that has been fighting militants in Afghanistan . The United States has the largest . The number of British troops who have died in Afghanistan stands at 375 . The latest was on Monday , when Scott McLaren , from D Company , The Highlanders , 4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland , was killed . He had been reported missing and was found later Monday after an "  extensive search , " the Defence Ministry said .	Prime Minister David Cameron said the troop level will drop to 9,000 The announcement comes as Canada ends its combat role The United States is planning on a troop drawdown
ASUNCION , Paraguay  CNN  -- Mexico and Paraguay are the top two marijuana-producing countries in the world , a U.N. report says . Mexico is the top marijuana producer , a U.N. report says . Here , a member of Mexico 's army guards a drug seizure . While reports of the war on drugs in Mexico are common and well-documented , the fact that tiny , landlocked Paraguay is No. 2 in the world may surprise some . But most countries in South America , notably Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay and Chile , cite Paraguay as the main source for the marijuana on their market , according to the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime . And two of those countries -- Brazil and Argentina -- report an increase in marijuana use due to the ready availability of the crop coming from Paraguay . The reason marijuana is so abundant in Paraguay is simple , authorities there say : economics . "  Our reality is that we have large crops , large parcels of crops , " said Cesar Aquino , the head of Paraguay 's antidrug agency . "  They do n't dedicate themselves to cultivating marijuana because they are narcotraffickers , but because of economic necessity . Compared to the price of a traditional crop , they can make 500 percent more with this . " The U.N. report says marijuana cultivation remains concentrated in North America , where the largest producers are Mexico and the United States . Worldwide production for 2006 , the latest year for which figures are available , was around 41,400 metric tons , said the U.N. 's World Drug Report 2008 . A metric ton equals 2,205 pounds . Mexico produced 7,400 metric tons , while the United States cultivated 4,700 metric tons , the U.N. report said . In South America , Paraguay  5,900 metric tons  easily outproduced Colombia , Brazil , the Caribbean region  notably St. Vincent and the Grenadines and Jamaica  and Central America  notably Guatemala  , the World Drug Report said . In Africa , where marijuana production takes place in nearly every country , the largest producer is South Africa  2,500 metric tons  , followed by Malawi , Zambia and Swaziland . In addition , the report says , Nigeria , Ghana and several other West African countries  Guinea , Ivory Coast , Benin and Togo  cultivate relatively large amounts , as do the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Tanzania , Egypt and Morocco . Paraguay produces more than half of the 10,000 metric tons marijuana grown in all of South America , the United Nations says . Most of the growers are poor , and they cultivate their crops on nature preserves and private forests near where they live . While arrests for trafficking and selling drugs are common , Paraguayan authorities say , there is not a single person in jail for growing and cultivating marijuana . Authorities say it 's too hard to catch growers . "  The size of an eradication operation involves moving many people and resources , " said Oscar Chamorro , a commander in Paraguay 's special forces . "  That gives -LSB- growers -RSB- the advantage insofar as detection of our forces coming into an area . Normally , we go in , and they have abandoned the area . " In addition , each eradication raid costs around $ 25,000 , officials say . As a result , the government is asking for help from countries that may be affected by marijuana coming from Paraguay . Specialists say that marijuana grown in Paraguay is in great demand because of its high potency . In addition , the experts say , Paraguayan soil is excellent for growing marijuana and can yield 6,600 pounds for each hectare  2.47 acres  . Many plots can yield more than one harvest a year . Other facts from the U.N. report released in June : Journalist Sanie Lopez Garelli in Paraguay and CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Most South American nations cite Paraguay as top source for marijuana , U.N. says Small , landlocked country is No. 2 marijuana producer after Mexico , U.N. report says Growers cultivate marijuana in Paraguay out of "  economic necessity , " official says Paraguayan authorities says it 's too hard to catch growers , eradication efforts costly
Washington  CNN  -- Forced federal spending cuts have had a "  devastating impact " on judicial operations nationwide , prompting a request to Congress for emergency funds to keep operations going at minimal levels , court officials say . The effects of the so-called budget sequester that took effect in March has been particularly hard on the judicial branch . The impact includes delays of civil and bankruptcy cases ; furloughs of hundreds of court staff and federal public defenders . There have been reductions in court security as well as programs to monitor criminals on probation . "  We look to Congress to recognize the uncontrollable nature of our workload and provide the resources needed to perform this essential work , " Judge Julia Gibbons told a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on Tuesday . "  If sufficient funding is not provided to the courts , we can not provide the people of the United States the type of justice system that has been a hallmark of our liberty throughout the nation 's history , " Gibbons said . The judiciary 's budget has been cut under sequester nationwide by nearly $ 350 million for the current fiscal year , which ends September 30 . "  Emergency measures " have been imposed by the Judiciary Conference , the federal court 's internal policy arm . "  All aspects of court operations have been severely curtailed " as a result said Gibbons , a federal appeals court judge in Memphis , who also heads the administrative conference 's Budget Committee . The sequester has hit agencies throughout the government . But Congress has already granted some budget flexibility for homeland security , agriculture inspections , veterans services , and air traffic controllers . Congress this week was asked to provide $ 73 million in supplemental emergency funding to keep federal courts running properly . While courts have to deal with cuts , federal prosecutors do not at the moment . Judicial officials have already begun implementing staggered cuts to such areas as staff salaries , court security and federal public defenders . Court administrators have also warned civil jury trials may be stopped , if across-the-board funding cuts are not stopped . One high-profile case delayed due to the cuts is the criminal prosecution of accused former al-Qaeda spokesman Suleiman Abu Ghaith . He is a former son-in-law of Osama bin Laden and is among the most high-profile terror suspects to face justice on American soil . His trial has been postponed until January 2014 after his court-appointed lawyers said budget cutbacks left their office-short staffed . Separately , large numbers of court employees have been furloughed -- amounting to 8,600 court staff days and 12,500 public defender days . Nationwide the federal courts have been given individual discretion to implement furlough plans . CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	Forced federal budget cuts took effect in March Cuts impact most agencies , but some have budget flexibility Judge tells Senate that impact on judiciary has been sweeping Court officials seek help from lawmakers
CNN  -- The worst-ever outbreak of Ebola virus is stretching the medical capacities of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the three West African countries hit worst by the virus -- and alarming leaders around the world . The following countries have restrictions in place aimed at keeping Ebola out , according to International SOS . AFRICA Cameroon Cape Verde Chad Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Kenya Mauritania Mauritius Namibia Rwanda Senegal Seychelles South Africa South Sudan AMERICAS Antigua and Barbuda Belize Canada Colombia Dominican Republic Guyana Haiti Jamaica Panama Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Maarten Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Trinidad and Tobago United States ASIA North Korea OCEANIA Australia Source : International SOS , November 3	Ebola virus has killed thousands since deadliest ever outbreak began Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone are the worst-hit countries Countries around the world have implemented travel restrictions related to outbreak
BUCHAREST , Romania  Reuters  -- In the mobile phone version of the "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " video game , the torches hanging along the dark walls of Hogwarts glow in an eerily realistic fashion . Romania is known for its strong computing and language skills coupled with cheap labor . "  We invented the technology , it 's called ` dynamic lighting ' , " said Mihai Pohontu , general manager of Romania 's mobile phone branch of Electronic Arts Inc , the world 's biggest video game publisher . Romanian programmers , such as Pohontu 's team , are among the most sought-after in the world as large international IT companies turn to the east European country to take advantage of strong computing and language skills coupled with cheap labor . Its computer literacy is not without its dark side -- the country has an unenviable reputation as a hotbed for computer fraud and a large community of hackers . But legitimate IT is one of Romania 's fastest growing export sectors with turnover of about 1 billion euros  $ 1.38 billion  . Roughly 90 percent of some 1,000 IT companies in Romania are foreign-owned and the government hopes exports will reach 1 billion euros in the next couple of years . In February , Bill Gates opened a Microsoft Corp. technical support center in Bucharest . The investment followed , among others , the launch of a development center by Amazon.com Inc in the university town of Iasi in 2005 . That is the online retailer 's only software development hub in Europe besides one in Scotland 's Edinburgh . Other centers are located in India , the United States and South Africa . "  Romanian programmers are exceptionally creative . And in games , you need to explore , " said Pohontu . Prospects for large cash inflows from the European Union after Romania joined the bloc this January , cut-rate taxes and low wages add to Romania 's appeal . "  In Eastern Europe , Romania is appreciated as having the biggest growth potential together with Turkey and Russia , " said Stefan Cojanu , head of Oracle Corp in Romania . The software maker , which has a support and software development center in Romania , has doubled its local staff to 1,000 over the last year since opening a tower office in central Bucharest . It plans to hire an additional 500 employees . "  The geographical distance , the similar time zone and business mentality argue for us to develop our activities in a country where costs are also lower , " Cojanu said . Romania 's low wages of around $ 600 a month compare with $ 1,050 in Poland and $ 950 in the Czech Republic . Both countries also attract hefty investment in the IT sector . However , some see a risk the sector is overheating . Double-digit wage growth and a shortage of skilled labor is dampening the enthusiasm of some investors and Romania is struggling with emigration as workers leave for better pay . "  The battle for specialists is very intense , " said Ana Ber , head of human resources firm Dr.Pendl & Dr.Piswanger . "  There are n't enough of them , especially as many emigrated . " Industry observers say this state of affairs has prompted companies to focus on building support or software development centers , which need cheaper and lower skilled labor , rather than hiring high-end programmers . "  Romania remains good for outsourcing but not for first-class software authors , " said Dragos Stanescu , sales and marketing manager at GECAD , a Romanian company that sold RAV Antivirus technology to Microsoft in 2003 . "  The brains are already with companies that have good salaries and it is costly to buy them . A good senior programmer can earn 2,000 euros gross a month . Plus a 30 percent raise to buy him , and you have a salary of a good programmer in Germany . " FBI data show Romania may be the biggest single source of online auction fraud in the world , a multi-million dollar industry that scams people using Web sites like eBay . "  It 's highly organized . They create fake accounts to trick people into thinking they are insured , " said Gary Dickson , FBI representative in Romania . "  If Romanians were stopped , the amount of online fraud would drop significantly . " Experts say some 70 percent of software used in Romania is pirated , and salesmen still visit office buildings in central Bucharest to sell pirated CDs and DVDs . Some hackers hope their skills will help secure employment , although breaking into other people 's networks for fame or as part of a job CV has its dangers . "  The Romanian hacking community is quite large . They see the computer as a ticket out of the country . It is the easiest way to get a better-paid job abroad , " said Victor Faur . He faces a potential 54-year jail term if convicted on charges of hacking into U.S. government computers , including NASA . He was indicted in 2006 . "  I saw a computer for the first time when I was 14 . And I was glued  to it  , " said Faur , 23 . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Romania is known for strong computing and language skills and cheap labor Electronic Arts has a mobile phone branch in Bucharest Microsoft opened a technical support center in Bucharest in February
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . Buzzfeed/CNN  -- The world has been exposed to the romantic escapades of eccentric rapper Kanye West and tabloid darling/reality star Kim Kardashian , willingly or not , since they made their relationship public in April 2012 . Yo , we 're gon na let you finish , but let 's take a look back at the long road that led these two crazy kids to one of the most talked-about hook-ups of all time . 2007 : Kim and Kanye are photographed together at the grand opening of the L.A. fashion boutique Intermix . At the time , Kim was dating then-New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush . "  We met almost a decade ago . I 've known him for a very long time . We 've been friends for six or seven years , " Kim revealed of her relationship with Kanye in an exclusive interview with Oprah in June 2012 . 2008 : Kim and older sister Kourtney publicly cross paths with Kanye again at Flaunt Magazine 's 10th anniversary party in L.A. . This time , Kanye was dating model Amber Rose . Amber and Kanye would call it quits in 2010 after a two-year on-again , off-again relationship . 2009 : Kanye West appears on Keri Hilson 's song "  Knock You Down " with a guest verse that many cite as a direct reference to his infatuation with Kim . The key line , according to Hollywood gossip site TMZ , comes towards the end of the song : "  You was always the cheerleader of my dreams / To seem to only date the head of football teams / And I was the class clown that always kept you laughing / We were never meant to be , baby we just happened . " After a brief split and reconciliation in 2009 , Kim and Bush  presumably the "  head of football teams " West mentions  ended their three-year relationship once and for all in 2010 . March 2012 : After not being spotted together publicly for a few years , Kimye , as they are frequently called , show up together at Paris Fashion Week . April 2012 : The couple is seen together in New York at the opening of RYU , the Japanese restaurant owned by Kourtney Kardashian 's boyfriend , Scott Disick . This was the same night Kanye was famously photographed pulling his pants up . April 2012 : That same month , Kanye drops the song "  Cold , " featuring DJ Khaled , which references Kim by name : "  I got respect for ... Wiz / And I 'll admit , I had fell in love with Kim / Around the same time she had fell in love with him / Well that 's cool , baby girl , do ya thang / Lucky I ai n't had Jay drop him from the team / La Familia , Roc Nation . " The lyric appears to be a direct reference to both Amber Rose 's relationship with fellow rapper Wiz Khalifa and Kim 's short-lived relationship with Kris Humphries , who played for the New Jersey Nets at the time . Kanye 's friend Jay-Z owns a minority stake in the team , now called the Brooklyn Nets . May 2012 : Kim and Kanye are photographed canoodling at a series of Lakers games . July 2012 : They attend the BET Awards together , sitting next to Jay-Z and BeyoncÃ © . August 2012 : Kim and Kanye show up in comedian Kevin Hart 's promo for the MTV Video Music Awards . The clip shows the couple lounging in a hotel room . Hart suggests that he could be close friends with the couple and that they could even start wearing matching outfits and be the "  the new ` it couple " known as KevYeKim . December 30 , 2012 : Kim announces on her blog that she 's pregnant : "  It 's true !! Kanye and I are expecting a baby . We feel so blessed and lucky and wish that in addition to both of our families , his mom and my dad could be here to celebrate this special time with us . Looking forward to great new beginnings in 2013 and to starting a family . Happy New Year !!! Xo " December 2012 : That night , Kanye confirms it during a concert in Atlantic City , calling Kim his "  baby mama . " May 2013 : Kim and Kanye show up on the red carpet for the Costume Institute Gala 's "  PUNK : Chaos to Couture " exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Which inspired a few unfortunate jokes online : June 2013 : In the eighth-season premiere of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians , " Kim and mom Kris Jenner learn that Kim and Kanye are having ... A girl ! The announcement came a day before Kim and her husband of 72 days , Humphries , jumped the last legal hurdle in their much lengthier divorce process , which began in 2011 .	All eyes have been on Kanye West and Kim Kardashian since they went public The couple is expecting their first child this summer Kardashian revealed the gender of their baby on her family 's reality show
CNN  -- Wayne LaPierre , the nation 's most visible gun-rights advocate , rallied supporters on Saturday for a renewed fight against gun control , saying membership is up since the Newtown massacre , and calling the effort to stop new limits a "  long war " and a "  fight for everything we care about . " The National Rifle Association 's executive vice president vowed in remarks at the group 's national convention that "  we will never surrender our guns . " He implored members to step up their outreach to members of Congress as part of a fight against "  elites " and others who "  use tragedy to try to blame us , to shame us " into compromise and who "  want to change America , our culture and our values . " LaPierre delivered a speech heavy on militaristic and sweeping patriotic rhetoric . It was a signature moment at the weekend event , which sought to embrace a culture war theme in its so-far successful fight in Washington against recent gun-control initiatives . LaPierre singled out President Barack Obama , who has pushed for new firearms restrictions following the December 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , which left 20 children and six adults dead . The killings jolted the nation and energized gun-control advocates , while putting pressure on LaPierre 's group and testing its political muscle anew . Polls have shown most Americans favoring some kind of new restrictions . LaPierre said NRA membership has spiked , reaching a record 5 million , and he implored members to counter efforts by leading gun-control advocates , like New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Obama , and Democrats in Congress . "  We are in the midst of a once-in-a-generation fight for everything we care about . We have a chance to secure our freedom for a generation , or to lose it forever , " LaPierre said . "  We must remain vigilant , ever resolute , and steadfastly growing and preparing for the even more critical battles that loom before us , " he said . LaPierre disparaged what he called Obama 's "  all-out siege against our rights " and efforts in Congress to enact new gun control measures , calling it "  political posturing . " "  Mr. President , you can give all the speeches you want . You can conjure up all the polls you can and call NRA members all the nasty names you can think of , but your gun control legislation wo n't stop one criminal , would n't make anyone safer anywhere , " LaPierre said . "  And that flawed failure lost on its merits and got the defeat it deserved , " he said , referring to the setback sustained by gun control advocates last month when a bipartisan compromise to expand background checks failed in the Senate . The outcome was considered a victory for gun rights advocates , who lobbied hard to block its passage . Obama has vowed to keep pursuing new restrictions , and a co-author of the ill-fated legislative amendment is working to revive it . LaPierre and the NRA propose , instead , that current laws be enforced , that schools include armed guards , that the government rebuild a "  broken mental health system , " and "  for God 's sake , leave the rest of us alone ! " LaPierre said the failed compromise background check proposal by Sens. Joe Manchin , a West Virginia Democrat , and Pat Toomey , a Pennsylvania Republican , were ineffective . "  The Manchin-Toomey bill you later backed would n't have prevented Newtown , would n't have prevented Tucson or Aurora , " he said of other deadly mass shootings in Arizona in 2011 and Colorado last July , "  and wo n't prevent the next tragedy , " "  None of it , any of it have anything to do with keeping our children safe at school anywhere , " he said . LaPierre also struck out specifically at Bloomberg , who has poured funds into the group Mayors Against Illegal Guns , for acting as a "  national nanny " and criticized the media for , as he said , failing to hold Obama accountable . Incoming NRA President Jim Porter is setting his sights on congressional midterm elections in 2014 as crucial in the gun rights debate , urging members to support House and Senate members who have voted against recent efforts to instate a background check system .	NRA executive rallies supporters ; says "  we will never surrender our guns " Says membership in group up since the Newtown massacre , at record high LaPierre goes after President Obama , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg Says ill-fated background check proposal in Senate was ineffective
CNN  Discovery of the body of a young girl who may have been dead for weeks has led to the arrest of her teen sister -- herself a mother -- and a search for the girls ' parents , who may be in California with five other children , police in North Las Vegas , Nevada , said . The investigation began Wednesday when the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center in suburban Las Vegas , authorities said . Police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm . She was taken to a juvenile facility . Police department spokesman Aaron Patty told CNN affiliate KVVU that the "  infant did not receive the proper care and nourishment that she needed at the time , which is what led to the arrest of the 17-year-old . " A day later , a search warrant was served at the family 's home . That 's when police found the body of the 3-year-old girl , who had apparently been dead "  for at least a few weeks , " according to police . The teen mother was then arrested on one count of child abuse with death in connection with her younger sister 's death , according to a police statement . The parents left the home several months ago with the other five children , ranging in age from 1 to 9 years old , but , according to Patty , "  they left the 3-year-old child and the 17-year-old sister at the residence alone . " Authorities are seeking the parents , 39-year-old Jondrew Lachaux and 38-year-old Kellie Phillips . Police say the five children with them may be in danger . "  We believe that they went to California at some time and may have gone back and forth during this multiple month process when they left , " Patty said . No Amber Alert was issued , according to police , because the 4-month-old did not die . Lachaux and Phillips , who are the child 's grandparents , are being sought for questioning . "  We are asking for the assistance of the public in locating these two individuals , " said Patty . "  We believe they can answer many questions on what led up to the death of this child . " The 4-month-old infant was last reported to be hospitalized in critical condition . Her mother 's name was not disclosed .	Parents wanted for questioning after girl 's body found at home North Las Vegas police : 3-year-old had been dead for at least a few weeks 17-year-old sibling is held in case
CNN  -- By many eyewitness accounts , when US Airways flight 1549 crashed into the Hudson River , it looked like a completely normal landing -- except it was in the water . iReporters captured the plane 's crash-landing and rescue operations "  It looked like a perfectly smooth landing , nothing out of the ordinary , " said Lou Romansky , who was stuck in traffic and saw the plane go down . "  No unusual noises , no flames , no nothing . It was very graceful ; -LSB- I -RSB- saw the nose go up . " Josefina Echevarria happened to be standing near the window of her Manhattan office , and reports seeing a similar scene . "  I saw an airplane landing in the middle of the water , but very calm , " she said . "  It was n't a nose dive , " added Joe Harrington , who also saw the crash out his window . "  It looked like it was a landing . " The plane , which carried more than 150 passengers and was bound for Charlotte , North Carolina , went down Thursday afternoon shortly after taking off from LaGuardia Airport . Officials say everyone on board apparently got off the plane alive . Some passengers were being treated for hypothermia and other minor injuries . And according to many iReporters , who described the situation to CNN as it unfolded , the rescue operation looked as smooth as the landing -- but , of course , just as scary . They say ferries arrived first on the scene , followed quickly by emergency boats and helicopters . "  Immediately there were ferries on the scene , " said Harrington . "  Almost instantaneous . I watch these ferries all day -- they do n't normally go this fast . " Police boats and helicopters arrived shortly after , he said . Julie Pukelis also saw the ferries arrive . "  It seemed very quick . ... Ferry boats out there within minutes , " she said . "  I think it was a great team effort . " iReport.com : "  We watched the plane drifting slowly down the water " " -LSB- The rescue -RSB- looked pretty well-organized from what I could see , " said Jim Davidson , who lives two blocks from the Hudson River . "  It was n't chaos -- a lot of times when things like this happen , people are running around or yelling . " iReport.com : A panorama of the rescue Daniel Leal described the scene as the rescue operation continued into the evening . "  I 'm seeing flashing lights on the water from the many rescue vehicles -- tug boats , ferries , helicopters . ... There seems to be even more emergency crews in the water and hovering above than an hour ago , " he said . iReport.com : Watching the rescue iReporters said the plane began to sink shortly after landing until workers used ropes to secure it . "  A few minutes -LSB- after the crash -RSB- it started sinking in the water , " said Echevarria . "  Five minutes later the airplane was completely sunk . You can only see the tail of the plane . " Lisa Speransky , who also watched the situation from her office window , says workers appeared to tether the plane to boats to prevent it sinking . Watch how iReporters helped cover the story " "  They must have gotten a rope around the plane at some point , because they were turning it around and dragging it towards New Jersey , " she wrote in an email . After passengers were evacuated , workers eventually tethered the plane to a pier on the Hudson River . iReport.com : "  You could see people standing on the wing " The crash brought up memories of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks for several iReporters as they saw the crash and its aftermath . Officials emphasize the crash had absolutely no terrorist connection and say it was likely a bird strike . "  I really thought it was a terrorist attack , " said Romansky . He lives in New Jersey but was in Manhattan when the plane went down , and said his first thought after seeing the plane go down was to get back home , thinking that the state 's border might be closed in case of terrorism . iReport.com : "  I saw the plane coming down " Matt Moore , who says he saw about 40 boats surrounding the plane in the water , had similar unnerving thoughts . "  What 's peculiar is I look to my left and there 's where the World Trade Center used to be and I look to my right and there 's a plane in the water , " he said . iReport.com : Saw the rescue out the window Harrington was also shaken up by the situation . "  It was surreal to see that happen , " he said . "  I fly pretty much every week for work . "	Eyewitnesses say the water landing looked like a regular plane landing Rescue operation "  looked pretty well-organized , " says iReporter Jim Davidson iReporter Joe Harrington : Ferries and rescue boats arrived "  almost instantaneously " iReport.com : Did you see the crash landing , or were you on the plane ?
CNN  -- The disappearance last autumn of three young Michigan brothers has turned into a murder investigation , authorities said Tuesday . Residents in the small city of Morenci , Michigan , have searched two months for Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 , who were last seen at their father 's home on Thanksgiving . The father , John Skelton , who is charged with parental kidnapping , is the primary suspect , Police Chief Larry Weeks said at a news conference . Weeks said that while he could not disclose much information , he wanted to put an end to "  false hope " the boys would be found alive . He asked farmers and others to be on the lookout for their remains . "  When the time is appropriate , charges will be requested , " Weeks said . John Skelton told investigators he gave the boys to a group called United Foster Outreach and Underground Sanctuaries , Weeks said . No such group was found to exist , the chief said . "  It 's just one example of misinformation that we have received from him that indicates the direction this investigation is continuing in , " the chief said . Skelton was arrested in December upon his release from a mental health facility where he was treated after a suicide attempt . Skelton also said he left the three boys with a woman , whom he identified as Joann Taylor , the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide attempt , police said . Skelton said Taylor was supposed to return the boys to their mother at their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , on November 26 , Weeks said . But the boys never arrived . Earlier , authorities determined that Skelton had no "  established relationship " with the person he named as Taylor , and they are n't certain she even exists . Kathye Herrera told reporters Tuesday the boys ' mother , Tanya , and the family are experiencing "  utter despair to a peaceful feeling knowing that the boys are in a better place . " "  Andrew , Alexander and Tanner will be on their hearts and minds forever , " said Herrera , thanking the community for aiding the family and helping in searches in Michigan and Ohio . "  They will be missed not only by the family , but by friends , classmates and the entire community . " According to CNN Detroit affiliate WDIV , John Skelton appeared Friday for a brief court hearing as part of his divorce case . The judge asked him whether he was prepared to give the children to their mother , and he answered , "  I ca n't , " WDIV said . Skelton family friend Bill Foster told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell he understood why Weeks made Tuesday 's announcement . "  Too many people started believing they -LSB- the boys -RSB- could be with someone or an organization , " he said . The last time someone other than a family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on November 25 , according to Weeks . Police say Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , has strawberry-blond hair and blue eyes and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inch tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds .	Three Michigan boys have been missing since November Their father gave misinformation on their whereabouts , police say Their mother 's spokeswoman says the family has been on emotional rollercoaster
CNN  -- Authorities investigating the case of a boy who disappeared in Kansas almost a decade ago plan to search an undisclosed residence Wednesday , the Butler County sheriff said . An age-progression photo shows what Adam Herrman would like today , as a 21-year-old man . Sheriff Craig Murphy would not disclose details about the residence or why authorities want to search it . He said his department will also search on an area of the Whitewater River , in southern Kansas , on Saturday near where Adam Herrman was last seen . Adam was 11 when he went missing in 1999 . He was living in a mobile home park in Towanda , a town about 25 miles northeast of Wichita , with his adoptive parents , Doug and Valerie Herrman , authorities said . Wichita attorney Warner Eisenbise , who is representing Adam 's adoptive parents , said the couple believed Adam had run away and did n't report him missing . They "  really rue the fact that they did n't " report him missing , he said Monday . A few weeks ago , an undisclosed person contacted the Wichita-Sedgwick County Exploited and Missing Child Unit , expressing concern about Adam , the sheriff said . The Herrmans told Eisenbise that Adam ran away frequently , the attorney said , and they believed he was either with his biological parents or homeless . Although the Herrmans did not report him missing , "  they were very worried about him , " Eisenbise said . In an interview published Tuesday in The Wichita Eagle , Valerie Herrman said Adam ran away in May 1999 after she spanked him with a belt . She said she was upset but does n't remember why , The Eagle reported . The couple never reported Adam missing , Valerie Herrman told the paper , because they feared authorities would take Adam and his siblings away because of the spanking . The couple adopted his two younger siblings as well , according to The Eagle . "  We love him , and we made a terrible mistake " by not reporting him missing , Doug Herrman told The Eagle . The couple said they searched the mobile home park and other areas for two days after Adam left . "  Then we came to the conclusion that the police probably have him , and they 're coming to us , probably to get us in trouble , " Doug Herrman told the newspaper , but the "  police never came . " Authorities have searched an empty lot in the Pine Ridge Mobile Home Park where the family lived . There , police found an "  answer " to one of their questions , Murphy said Monday without elaborating . Eisenbise said that on December 15 , authorities also searched the Herrmans ' homes in Derby , outside of Wichita , and took the couple 's computer , he said . The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has released an age-progression picture that depicts Adam as he might appear now : a young man with blue eyes and light-colored hair . Adam had been placed in the Herrmans ' care when he was about 2 , Murphy said Monday . He had been named Irvin Groeninger III when he was born June 8 , 1987 , Murphy said , and it was not clear when his name was changed . His biological parents relinquished their rights as parents about two decades ago , and Adam and his siblings were put in foster homes , CNN affiliate KWCH reported . "  I thought what I was doing for them was in the best interest of the children , and evidently it was n't , " Irvin Groeninger , Adam 's biological father , told KWCH . "  If he was still in my custody , this would have never happened . " Adam 's sister , Tiffany Broadfoot , 22 , said she had last seen her brother about 14 years ago at a birthday party . "  He had the cutest little round face , little-bitty freckles right up here on the tip of his cheek , " she told the station . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Sheriff says his officers will search area near Whitewater River on Saturday Attorney says parents "  rue the fact " they did n't report him missing Adam Herrman reportedly ran away when he was 11 , after being spanked Parents tell paper they thought spanking would lead police to take other kids away
CNN  -- With less than a month until Christmas , toy retail experts are predicting that Santa 's sleigh wo n't be the only thing flying through the night sky this festive season . Both international toy store Toys ` R ' Us and the UK 's Toy Retailers Association have named remote control flying toys among their "  top toys " for Christmas 2013 -- and that 's just the beginning of the flying robot invasion . Aerial bots of all sizes -- from miniature flying fairies to full-scale surveillance aircraft -- could be appearing under Christmas trees come December 25 . It 's evidence that the high tech materials and components developed for complex flying robots are filtering down creatively to the new world of "  civilian Unmanned Aerial Vehicles . " It was n't long ago that easily controlled multifunctional quadcopters were only seen in the hands of tech university researchers and military specialists . Now , cheap , lightweight motors and stability-providing gyroscopes are available to anyone , opening up flying robot technology to the world of toys , as well as providing new ways for shutterbugs to make home movies and shoot aerial photos . Check out the slideshow above to see some of the amazing flying robots that are available for kids and adults alike . And consider giving Rudolph a break this year by giving a gift that can make its own way down the chimney .	Could flying robots invade the market for presents this Christmas ? Toys ` R ' Us names remote controlled flying toys as "  top gifts " this year Both novelty and high tech devices are becoming increasingly affordable
CNN  -- An Iranian judge has sentenced a man accused of stealing chocolate and cocoa from a candy shop to have his hand cut off , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Saturday . "  Considering the confession of the defendant and the fact that he was found guilty of breaking and entering , according to the Quran , he deserves to have his hand cut off , " Fars quoted the judge as saying as he ordered the sentence . The 21-year-old man , whose name was withheld by the court , was arrested in May while driving in a suspicious manner , Fars reported . During the arrest , police recovered cash as well as chocolates and cocoa . "  After the man was taken to a police station , a report of a robber at a candy store was received by police , " Fars said . Police told Fars that the man later confessed to robbing the store . In addition to the amputation sentence , the man was ordered to spend six months in prison for destruction of property and an additional six months for resisting arrest , according to Fars . Such an amputation sentence is often handed down to habitual thieves in Iran who have prior convictions for theft and robbery . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorghmehr contributed to this report .	The man was arrested in May and was found with cash , chocolates and cocoa He later confessed to robbing a candy store , the semi-official Fars News Agency reports Such a sentence is common in Iran for habitual thieves
Ted Cruz says he was n't elected to the Senate to stay quiet . And his refusal upon entering Congress to observe its protocol to sit back and learn like a freshman , as expected , rubbed some of his more senior colleagues the wrong way . And while he has angered much of his party over his crusade against President Barack Obama 's health care law and the potential government shutdown it could cause , Cruz says he 's standing for the same principles that got him elected . On Tuesday , he took that edict to the Senate floor in support of his plan to defund Obamacare , saying he would speak "  until I am no longer able to stand . " But his marathon appearance will not do anything to block Obamacare funding with a key procedural vote on the issue still scheduled for Wednesday . Instead , Cruz said his speech was to simply "  make D.C. listen . " Critics question his motives , though â $ " is this about his principles or about presidential aspirations ? CNN political analyst Gloria Borger said his Republican detractors think Cruz is putting his political career above all else . "  While many others have , no doubt , come to the Senate in the past as a springboard to the presidency , it 's hard to recall someone who has created as much controversy within his own party , " Borger said . Cruz has been in Washington for less than a year , but his short stint has been an effective lesson in partisan politics . Only history will tell , however , if his tactics will be worth repeating . The Texas Republican 's counterparts in the House of Representatives have tried 42 times to roll back Obamacare , but their efforts have gone nowhere in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Cruz has upped the ante . His latest battle to disrupt Obamacare is tied to funding the government in the new fiscal year that starts on October 1 . The House passed the measure last week . But Senate Democrats are not about to allow the health care bill to be unraveled , therefore putting at risk a government shutdown . Cruz 's refusal to give up the fight has rankled many of his fellow Republicans , widening divisions in a splintered party . Democrats , meanwhile , are sitting back and watching the intraparty fight . Who is this guy ? His effectiveness at political debate has landed Cruz in many successful places . He was elected to the Senate in 2012 , after rebuking the Republican establishment and winning the Republican primary , paving the way to a general election victory . Previously , he was the youngest solicitor general of Texas and has argued multiple cases before the Supreme Court . He got his start at Princeton as head of the debate team and then honed his skill at Harvard Law School . What 's his fight ? Cruz did not take his Senate responsibilities lightly . As a freshman , he refused to stand on the sidelines until he 's gained a measure of seniority , a common tradition in Washington . Instead , he was loud and opinionated . "  I find it amusing that those in Washington are puzzled when someone actually does what they said they would do , " Cruz told CNN in February . "  At the end of the day , I was elected to represent 26 million Texans and to speak the truth . You know , I think a lot of Americans are tired of politicians in Washington in both parties who play games . Cruz was elected , promising to shrink government , especially the new health care law . That battle has been embraced by most Republicans in Congress , but his latest tactic has frustrated many . Political novice ... ? New York Rep. Peter King has been an outspoken critic of Cruz ' latest crusade â $ " at one point calling him a "  fraud . " "  Whether it 's Custer , whether it 's kamikaze , or whether it 's Gallipoli or whatever , we are going to lose this , " the New York Republican said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " last week . And Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee tweeted that he "  did n't go to Harvard or Princeton " but that he "  can count " that Democrats outnumber Republicans in the Senate . But Cruz said to let his critics talk . "  If you get outside of Washington , D.C. , there is a frustration with Washington that is palpable . When you ask your constituents what are the problems you 're facing , over and over again , the answer that comes back is Obamacare is killing jobs , is taking away my health insurance , is driving up my premiums , is causing small businesses to shrink , to go out of business . If we listen to the American people , that should be our priorities , " he told CNN this week . Still , Republicans are frustrated by his insistence at fighting a divisive , losing battle . ` Do n't break filibuster ' "  We are giving Obama the escape out , " Republican strategist Ana Navarro said on CNN 's ` AC360 . ' "  Instead of now focusing on the problems with Obamacare , everybody 's focused on the civil war in the Republican party . " Navarro also noted that the numerous polls , including CNN 's latest poll , that while the public is concerned with Obamacare , they do n't support shutting down the government over it . "  If you want to fix Obamacare or repeal it or fix it or change it , the best way to do it is to elect more Republicans . And the political cost of a government shutdown is really going to affect any -- any possibility of electing more Republicans , " Navarro added . ... or political genius ? While Cruz is ruffling the feathers of his colleagues in Washington , he is mobilizing the grassroots outside the Beltway . Conservative groups are praising Cruz . "  Senator Cruz came to Washington to advance conservative policies , not play by the same old rules that have relegated conservatives , and their ideas , to the back bench , " Michael Needham , president of Heritage Action , recently said about Cruz . His group helps activate grass roots Republicans for conservative candidates and political causes . And Republican candidates running against Republican incumbents in the primaries are using Cruz ' crusade in their races . Matt Bevin , who is running for Senate to replace top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell , said in a statement that he would support "  conservatives like Sen. Ted Cruz in his fight to defund Obamacare . " Obamacare : Can it be stopped ? Bevin bashed McConnell for coming out against Cruz ' effort to shut down the government in order to stop Obamacare . Like so many other crucial fights , Mitch McConnell has caved to  Senate Majority Leader  Harry Reid on Obamacare and is refusing to fight to defund this disastrous legislation . " And long-time Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming came out in support of Cruz . He is facing Liz Cheney , the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney , in a contentious primary . Will Cruz be scarred or be a star ? Cruz could alienate his colleagues to a point where he becomes marginalized and completely ineffective in Washington . He has also hinted at a possible presidential run in 2016 . If he has no support of the Republican Party , he risks being cut off from its resources and financing . On the other hand , Cruz ' principled stand can help to grow a movement of disenchanted conservative voters . If a groundswell of conservative grassroots activists grows between now and 2016 -- and their financial support - Cruz could have carved out a path to the Republican nomination . "  I think what Senator Cruz understands is that he has more to gain from adhering to his principles , staying in touch with the grass roots here and around the country than he does being friends with other senators , " Brendan Steinhauser , a leading Texas tea party activist who worked to get Cruz elected , said . Cruz calls for backup plan	Ted Cruz does not play by Senate rules , irritating traditionalists on both sides of the aisle Unapologetic , Cruz says he was elected to do a job that includes shrinking government Cruz ups ante in battle to derail Obamacare , but will he chart new course or stumble ? Latest crusade that threatens gov ' t shutdown frustrates many -- including some in his own party
CNN  It 's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear . A number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge . Hillary Clinton , who announced last week , even jumped into her black van for a road trip out to Iowa , including a pit stop at Chipotle along the way . Although the campaign has barely begun , most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes . Most of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way , but some of them might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions that voters have about the candidates . Here are a few notable mistakes in the past few weeks : Trying to separate himself from the pack , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called for substantial cuts to Social Security . He also promised to reverse the marijuana legalization laws that many states have been enacting in response to ballot initiatives . Both of these statements could come back to bite him , should he run for president . While Christie sees Social Security cuts as a way to "  go big " in crafting a platform for a possible presidential run , as many Republicans have discovered Social Security is a very popular program and one that has strong support from Americans who are over 60 -- a big part of the electorate . On marijuana legalization , Christie inserted himself into an issue that has growing public support in red and blue states , especially with the younger and independent voters who Christie is promising to bring into a potential campaign . If Christie continues to veer right it will be harder to sell himself as the moderate in the race , and yet there is little chance that he will secure conservative votes over someone like Sen. Ted Cruz . Sen. Cruz impressed many observers when he announced his candidacy at Liberty University . But soon after he did something that took many people by surprise . The Texas senator , who has been one of the leading opponents of President Barack Obama 's health care plan , acknowledged that he would be enrolling in the Affordable Care Act program since his wife was taking a leave of absence from her job to help with the campaign . It will be hard for him to live this one down . Since he wants to sell himself as the authentic conservative and the Republican who will give Democrats their biggest toughest fight , the fact that he decided to join a program he has railed against -- and tied up Congress with -- will raise questions about whether he is just another politician , and not a true zealot over Obamacare . The decision will offer plenty of fodder to Democrats who want to remind voters that Republicans rail against government even when they and their constituents depend on it . If anyone faces authenticity questions , it is Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul . As the so-called "  libertarian " in the campaign , Paul is aiming to attract younger Republicans who otherwise are not interested in the party . He is also hoping to bring back hard-core anti-government conservatives who believed that their party has moved too far away from their original goals . Paul has already struggled to justify some of his recent announcements , such as calling for a more aggressive war against ISIS and his statements against gay marriage . But after announcing his presidency , he brought himself more trouble with his aggressive interaction with "  Today " host Savannah Guthrie . Paul became clearly aggravated with what the host and went so far as go explain how to conduct the interview . The interview focused most media attention on Paul 's temper and his interactions with women rather than his message . In an interview on CNBC , he put his finger to his lips and said "  Shhh , calm down " to anchor Kelly Evans . Both moments revealed a side of his character than until that moment had been somewhat off the radar . "  You 're coming off as pretty thin-skinned in your interviews , " Megyn Kelly of Fox News told the senator . Thus far , Clinton has had a fairly smooth opening but during her first week on the trail , she did make a minor mistake . While speaking in Norwalk , Iowa , Clinton said during a discussion about immigration reform that "  all my grandparents , you know , came over here " even though only one was really an immigrant . Her staff corrected the statements . "  Her grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and , as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants . As has been correctly pointed out , while her grandfather was an immigrant , it appears that Hillary 's grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the U.S. in the early 1880s . " Clinton 's campaign video seemed pitch perfect to many observers , as she largely removed herself from the story line . Her drive to Iowa demonstrated that she is n't likely to repeat the kinds of mistakes that she made in 2008 when she failed to take the nuts and bolts of caucus organization seriously . Although the entire opening certainly had the flavor of a made for television event , it has generally been well-received . Clearly the biggest "  gaffe " in the run-up to the Clinton campaign was in how she handled the story of her use of a private server rather than the State Department email system . Although she dragged out the campaign announcement , she certainly should have had more of the team in place given how much attention she would receive . At first she stumbled in her response , giving the accusers time to spin the story as reflecting a tendency to hide information and suggesting that she was still the untruthful person so many people suspected . Rubio announced his presidential run after the biggest announcement of them all : Hillary Clinton . Given that Rubio is not one of the most well-known of the candidates , outside of Republican political circles , his timing was not perfect . The announcement was overshadowed by Clinton 's video and drive to Iowa . Coming on the heels of Obama 's historic discussions with Cuba , the timing and sequence did n't help the senator to get the kind of initial buzz that he was hoping for . Although in the long run this wo n't make a difference , it might have been wise for him to delay the announcement and give his campaign some breathing space . All of these are still relatively small missteps in the very start of the campaign . And we know from social scientists than individual gaffes and mistakes do n't really have a big impact on the outcome of these contests , so much as the "  fundamentals " like the ability to raise campaign contributions and the endorsements from political elites . Still , mistakes can play a role in campaigns . While individual mistakes might be fleeting , collectively , these kinds of moments can shape how voters think of candidates when the time comes for a vote .	Julian Zelizer : In early weeks of the 2016 campaign , candidates and potential contenders have stumbled in small ways He says Chris Christie 's words about Social Security and marijuana may haunt him
CNN  -- An advocate for the family of Cameron Todd Willingham , executed six years ago after a fire killed three of his daughters , is sharply questioning the objectivity of the head of the Texas commission looking into whether the man was rightly convicted . Stephen Saloom , the policy director of the nonprofit legal advocacy group the Innocence Project , brought up a comment attributed last week to John Bradley , chairman of the Texas Forensic Science Commission , during the public comments portion of that panel 's meeting Friday . According to the published report , Bradley said that anti-death penalty groups wanted to hold up Willingham -- convicted in 1992 after a jury determined he deliberately set the fire that killed his three girls -- as a "  poster boy " for their cause . Bradley questioned that approach , calling Willingham "  a guilty monster . " "  This is a very clear statement , ` Willingham is a guilty monster , ' that brings into question the reliability of your chairman , " said Saloom . Bradley downplayed the criticism as "  New York lawyers " making "  personal attacks , rather than legal arguments . " Founded by Barry Scheck and Peter Neufeld , the Innocence Project is a New York-based nonprofit that pursues legal challenges and push policy reforms aimed at exonerating people wrongfully convicted of crimes and preventing future injustices . Death-penalty opponents have said an impartial review of Willingham 's case could lead to the unprecedented admission that the state executed an innocent man . Willingham 's daughters -- 2-year-old Amber and 1-year-old twins Karmon and Kameron -- died when their Corsicana , Texas , home went up in flames in 1991 . The state 's fire marshal , Manuel Vasquez , told jurors in Willingham 's trial that the fire was set intentionally and spread quickly due to an inflammable liquid . While a jury convicted Willingham of murder , three reviews of evidence by outside experts found the arson determination was based on outdated or faulty science . The first of those reports was sent to Gov. Rick Perry 's office and submitted to appeals courts before Willingham 's execution , while the other two came after his death . The last of those was ordered in 2008 by the Texas Forensic Sciences Commission , itself authorized in 2005 by an act of the Texas state legislature . In that report , Maryland-based fire science expert Craig Beyler concluded that the arson finding "  could not be sustained " -- based on current-day investigative standards , as well as those in place in 1991 . But two days before the panel was set to hear from Beyler , Gov. Rick Perry shook up the commission with three appointments , including one to replace the panel 's chairman . Perry later called the move "  pretty normal protocol , " since the departing members ' terms had expired . As governor , he had signed off on Willingham 's execution , and critics have accused him of trying to derail a review of that case . Perry has said he 's confident Willingham was guilty , while police in Corsicana say other evidence beyond the arson testimony supports the prosecution . The Forensic Science Commission 's movement on the investigation has slowed as the board 's new chairman , Bradley , urged a review of the panel 's operating rules . Bradley , who was appointed to his current job as Williamson County district attorney in 2001 ahead of his election one year later , said this summer that the Willingham probe "  absolutely " will continue , though he would not say when . In July , the Forensic Science Commission found that arson investigators used flawed science in their probe of the Willingham matter , but were not negligent and did not commit misconduct . At Friday 's hearing , Saloom noted "  concerns " about several moves that Bradley had made and questioned whether it was necessary to "  revisit everything " that the commission had done prior to Bradley 's appointment . "  It 's pretty clear that the commission was going along pretty swimmingly until Gov. Perry ... appointed Bradley as the new commissioner , " added Paul Cates in a phone interview with CNN . "  Since he has been part of the new commission , he 's tried to stop the commission from doing what we believe that it should be doing . " Later in the hearing , several of the Forensic Commission 's members engaged in a heated exchange over the Willingham case and the panel 's role . Dr. Garry Adams , for instance , said "  it is important to maintain credibility " given the intense media spotlight on the case , while fellow members Lance Evans and Dr. Sarah Kerrigan also questioned the validity of Willingham 's conviction . But Bradley said that much of the debate over Willingham 's case was being fanned by the media and other outside influences . He also noted that authorities , ranging from parole boards to the U.S. Supreme Court , had looked into the trial and conviction ahead of Willingham 's execution . "  We 're being used , and we should recognize that , " Bradley said . On Thursday in Texas , District Court Judge Charlie Baird rebuffed a request by Navarro County District Attorney Lowell Thompson that he step aside as he opened a hearing into whether Willingham 's name should be cleared six years after his execution . Members of Willingham 's family pushed for the hearing , claiming that "  junk science " led to a wrongful conviction and execution .	NEW : Texas board members in heated exchange over whether man wrongfully executed Jury convicted Cameron Todd Willingham after finding he set fire that killed three daughters Legal advocate questions the objectivity of the Texas board 's chairman Panel 's chairman calls criticism "  personal attacks " and says , "  We 're being used "
A Florida airport is pushing to join 16 other U.S. airports in opting out of Transportation Security Administration screening in favor of private screeners . Orlando Sanford International Airport has been trying to get approval since last year to join the TSA 's Screening Partnership Program , which helps airports hire qualified private screening companies to enforce security protocol set and overseen by the TSA . The airport 's application has been denied twice . "  We 're not booting the TSA . This is a TSA program created by congress , " said Larry Dale , the airport 's president and CEO . The partnership started in 2002 with five airports participating in the pilot program . There are now 16 participating airports , including San Francisco International and Kansas City International . One additional airport , West Yellowstone in Montana , was approved in January . Legislation championed by representative John Mica , R-Florida , and signed into law with the much-delayed FAA reauthorization bill in February was designed to make it easier for airports to join the program . Orlando Sanford has submitted a request to the TSA to reconsider its application , under a stipulation outlined in the bill , Dale said . "  We believe in free enterprise and holding people accountable for efficiency , safety and security , " Dale said . The TSA is "  developing procedures to implement the Screening Partnership Program-related provisions included in the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 , " the agency said in a statement . The TSA administrator is required to approve airport applications for the program if security is uncompromised , cost efficiency is maintained and the screening of passengers and property is not negatively impacted . Orlando Sanford International Airport saw close to 1.6 million passengers in 2011 , compared with more than 35 million passengers at neighboring Orlando International Airport .	Florida airport pushing to join private screening program 16 airports participate in the program , with oversight from the TSA Airport CEO believes in "  holding people accountable for efficiency , safety and security "
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday he 's not sure a potential government shutdown at the end of the month can be avoided because of a stand-off between the House and Senate over how much to spend on disaster relief . "  I heard reports that Sen.  Senate Republican Leader Mitch  McConnell said there will be no shutdown , " Reid told reporters in the Capitol . "  I 'm not that sure . I 'm not that sure because the Tea Party-driven House of Representatives has been so unreasonable in the past . I do n't know why they should suddenly be reasonable . " At issue is a short-term bill to fund government agencies through November 18 that the GOP-controlled House will vote on Wednesday . It allocates fewer resources to the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers for disaster response than the Democratic-led Senate approved last week . Additional funds are needed because recent major floods from Hurricane Irene along the East Coast and wildfires in Texas exceeded the amount these agencies have left in their coffers to support recovery and rebuilding efforts . Both the House and Senate are scheduled to take a weeklong recess next week and the current government funding expires September 30 . The GOP measure includes a total of $ 3.6 billion -- $ 1 billion in emergency funds available when the bill is enacted and another $ 2.6 billion to be budgeted for those federal response agencies for the 2012 fiscal year . The Senate bill that passed with bipartisan support last week includes $ 6.9 billion for FEMA and other federal agencies for immediate disaster relief and for relief in 2012 . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama asked Congress for a total of $ 5.1 billion in additional disaster aid â $ " $ 500 million of which was for immediate relief . In addition to the disagreement over how much money these agencies should get , House Republican leaders are insisting that the $ 1 billion in their bill that those agencies would get right away to cover recovery costs be offset with $ 1.5 billion in cuts to a loan program that helps automakers retool their operations to make more fuel-efficient cars . Earlier Tuesday , Reid announced that if the House passes its stopgap-spending bill , the Senate will add the higher amount -- $ 6.9 billion -- it passed for disaster relief to that bill and send it back to the House , in an attempt to force the House GOP to accept the higher level . Reid 's tough stand comes partly because he feels emboldened after 10 Senate Republicans , mostly from disaster-hit states , voted with the Democrats last week to approve that aid . However , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor made it clear the GOP wo n't budge , and accused the Democrats of using the issue for political gain . "  It 'll be on Leader Reid 's shoulders because he 's the one playing politics with it . No one wants to stand in the way of disaster relief money that is needed . There is nothing else but politics going on with that move , if that 's what happens , " Cantor told reporters Tuesday . Reid accused House Republicans of "  pettiness " in their allocation of disaster relief and said it would be "  illogical " to expect the Senate to go along with it or to accept the blame if the government shuts down . Despite the sound and fury between Reid and Cantor , McConnell expressed some optimism that a deal will be struck . "  There wo n't be a government shutdown , " he said . "  The Congress always responds appropriately to disasters . We 're having a discussion about the appropriate way to do that and I 'm confident it will be resolved . " The House GOP spending bill keeps federal agencies funded at the rate set in the debt deal enacted last month . Earlier this year Congress averted a government shutdown at the 11th hour when House Speaker John Boehner and Reid negotiated a compromise on overall spending levels . Many on Capitol Hill believed a similar showdown would be avoided this fall because the debt deal already established how much would be cut . But this battle over disaster aid revives the possibility of a shutdown . A group of close to 70 House Democrats sent a letter to House Republican leaders urging them to bring up the Senate measure without any spending offsets for the FEMA money in it . "  The families that remain without homes in shelters are not interested in seeing more gridlock in Washington . The farmers who lost their crops and livestock do not care about debates over deficits and offsets . The entrepreneurs who lost their small businesses can not afford to see us play politics , " the letter states . But House GOP Whip Rep Kevin McCarthy , R-California , predicted Tuesday the Senate bill would n't pass in the House . "  If Reid does what he does , I do n't see the votes on the floor . " The top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee , Rep Norm Dicks , D-Washington , said last week he objects to the practice of offsetting emergency money for natural disaster , but said he would support the bill because he wants to avoid a potential shutdown . But the Democrats ' vote-counter in the House , Rep Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , predicted the Republican plan to offset additional disaster aid wo n't get much Democratic support , "  I think Democrats will be loath to support that effort , because we think it 's counterproductive . " Hoyer maintained that cutting the loan program run by the Department of Energy by $ 1.5 billion "  puts at risk some 30,000 to 50,000 jobs that would be created we believe by that investment . " In addition to the fight over the disaster money , House Republican leaders are also dealing with a rebellion from a group of about 50 House conservatives who oppose the spending measure because the overall funding level is $ 24 billion above the level House Republicans included in the 2012 budget they passed earlier this year . Despite the blowback on both sides of the aisle , Cantor predicted the House would pass the spending bill when it comes up for a vote on Wednesday . Boehner declined to answer a question Tuesday about whether he was worried about Congress heading for a shutdown . But his spokesman Kevin Smith continued to press for the Senate to accept the House bill , saying , "  We believe the best approach is for the Senate to pass the House  measure  to ensure we get disaster relief to those affected communities as quickly as possible . "	FEMA , Army Corps of Engineers would get more money from Senate House wants some disaster relief funding to be offset by cuts House to vote on Wednesday
Rome  CNN  -- It is one of a handful global landmarks that needs no introduction . The Colosseum in Rome is an Italian icon and a relic that dates back to the first century A.D. -- lions , gladiators , chariots and all . But with so many historic landmarks to care for -- like the Colosseum , the Spanish Steps and the Leaning Tower of Pisa -- Italy is beginning to struggle to manage its vast portfolio alone . This is a fact now readily acknowledged by the country 's political hierarchy , with new methods to pay for the upkeep of these magnificent structures being sought . "  To me , this belongs to the entire mankind , " Rome mayor Ignazio Marino told CNN as he looked out over the Italian capital from a balcony at City Hall . "  We have to share projects and ideas but we have to the share responsibility to maintain these for the generations to come , " he added . The Colosseum brings in nearly $ 50 million every year but much of this money now goes to pay for the upkeep of less visited treasures across the city . Problems regarding funding started during the global financial crisis a little over five years ago . In 2014 alone , the city of Rome ran a deficit of over $ 1 billion dollars and required a federal decree to bail it out . These budgetary issues are complicated further by social and professional movements pressuring their representatives elected representatives on a number of issues such as pay and public services . On the sprightly spring day that CNN visited the Eternal City , junior doctors were on the streets seeking a pay hike . There are some , however , who say that if there is any hope of bringing back the days of "  La Dolce Vita , " Italy needs to bundle its history with what the world sees as the Italian lifestyle . It is here that the private sector has begun to play its part . According to Diego Della Valle , owner of high end shoemaker , Tod 's , the nation 's biggest companies have a responsibility to maintain Italian monuments as they are all part of the same brand experience . DDV , as he is known , is spending $ 34 million on a five year scrubbing of the travertine marble front of the Colosseum . "  The most important things is the tourist project ...  or  if you want we call it the Made in Italy project , " Della Valle said . Elsewhere , Bulgari is putting $ 2 million into the Spanish Steps while fashion house Fendi has offered up nearly $ 3 million for the equally famous Trevi Fountain . Rome 's mayor himself has even ventured to Saudi Arabia seeking patrons from the energy rich state . It 's a cap in hand call to action that the founders of this once mighty empire would have never considered . While Rome was n't built in a day , it may also take a little longer find the coin required to preserve its finest and most treasured monuments . See also : From racecourse to mini-city See also : Architects build first 3D printed house See also : Giving Motown a replay	Italy is seeking new ways to pay for the upkeep of its most popular monuments Political leaders have noted the country is struggling to manage its vast portfolio of historic landmarks Partnerships with major Italian brands could be a way to maintain the likes of the Colosseum in Rome
CNN  Even two-tonne , spike-horned , armor-skinned rhinos need a helping hand sometimes . Fortunately , they can rely on one committed defender : eight-year-old Alyssa Carter . "  When I heard that rhinos were being killed , they were my favorite animals and I wanted to start this , " says the elementary school pupil . Her campaign , Alyssa 's Save the Rhinos , has raised thousands of dollars to protect her favorite animal -- South Africa 's poacher-threatened rhinoceros -- and fund an innovative scheme aimed at tracking the hunters who would do them harm . Carter , South Africa National Parks one-and-only "  Rhino Champion , " sells homemade chocolates for 10 rand  $ 0.85  at her school . So far , she has raised over $ 23,000 through a combination of chocolate sales and donations from the growing number of people -- young and old -- who have filled halls to hear the young campaigner speak . Picture perfect It all started in May 2013 when Carter -- then aged six-and-a-half -- came home from school and drew a picture : the same crayon image of long-horned rhino beneath a rainbow that is now stamped on her campaign 's sweets and chocolate . Her father , Brian Carter , says she 'd been taught about the plight of endangered animals , and burst out crying when she heard rhinos were being butchered by poachers . At home that night , the family resolved to do something to help , settling on the chocolates as a good place to start . Her father was her first customer . "  Originally she just wanted to do something to help , " he says . "  The idea was to sell to anybody that would buy , so we started off by selling to friends and family , grannies and grandpas and people at church . " For over a year , she has been selling chocolates every Friday at her supportive Johannesburg primary school -- and has now grown her stall with rhino-branded lollipops , stickers , biltong , and a range of knitted rhino toys created by a well-wisher who had heard about her fundraising efforts . Carter knows her most enthusiastic customers : singling out one particularly generous schoolmistress , Teacher Phuti , and an exceptionally sweet-toothed class of her schoolmates as her biggest supporters . Dogs take bite out of poaching "  What Alyssa wanted to do was to give the money toward buying trained sniffer dogs to go into the Kruger National Park , " says dad Brian . There , across an area the size of New Jersey , park rangers fight a desperate battle with poachers to prevent the extinction of the rhinoceros , whose horn is prized for its supposed value in traditional Asian medicines . Highly trained canines are a new addition to the park , first arriving in 2012 . "  If they find a rhino lying dead , they can sniff out where the poachers are , " explains Alyssa Carter -- allowing rangers track poachers , just as the poachers themselves stalk prey . Dogs will soon patrol the park 's entrance points , too , detecting weapons that poachers attempt to smuggle in , and contraband -- including rhinoceros horn -- being transported out . At Kruger , South Africa 's largest wildlife reserve , park authorities report an increase in contact with suspected poachers , with rangers claiming before Christmas that 164 had been arrested in the park over the year . With each dog 's purchase , training and kennel costs running to over $ 8,000 per dog , they are n't cheap , but the young "  rhino champion " can now proudly boast to have already added two new K-9 enforcers to the battle . Rhino spotting But why rhinos ? "  They 're nice and , with their big-horns , they look beautiful , and I like looking for them in the wild , " explains Carter . Before starting Alyssa 's Save the Rhinos , the Johannesburg resident had never seen a rhinoceros in its natural habitat . Now , she 's been to Kruger several times , she says -- on invitation to meet the park 's other Honorary Rangers , on a few occasions , and recently visiting two sniffer dogs in training last summer . She eagerly snaps photographs of every animal she sees in the park but rhinos hold a special place : "  It 's really nice because I know I 'm doing something , " she says . Carter says she keeps count of each of the rhino she sees -- and is up to "  130-something , " so far . Carter is keen to talk to others about her experiences with rhinos , standing up in front of 700 students at a school in December , and nearly 300 adults at a development conference earlier that year . She says it 's just as easy to talk to grown-ups as kids -- as long as her father is by her side . The elder Carter says he was n't involved in conservation before Alyssa started her campaign , and that the whole family has caught the young activist 's enthusiasm . The ambition now is for Alyssa to talk at more corporate events , including business golf days where she has found success encouraging businesspeople to give to the cause . "  The bottom line is we need to raise more money , " says Brian , "  and we need to sell more chocolates . " Read this : School boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts More from African Voices	Eight-year-old Aylssa Carter has started her own campaign to protect rhinos from poaching The Johannesburg primary school pupil has raised over $ 23,000 Her money will train sniffer dogs as part of a new campaign to stop poachers
CNN  -- A rash of sexual assaults in the armed forces undermines Americans ' confidence in the military , President Barack Obama told newly commissioned officers at the U.S. Naval Academy Friday . "  Those who commit sexual assault are not only committing a crime , they threaten the trust and discipline that makes our military strong , " Obama told the graduates , who were commissioned as Naval ensigns and Marine Corps second lieutenants . "  That 's why we have to be determined to stop these crimes . Because they have no place in the greatest military on Earth , " Obama continued . The president 's remarks came amid mounting outrage over sexual abuse cases in the armed forces . Figures show the rate of assaults in the armed forced increasing , and some top officers are under fire for condoning such acts . At least two officers responsible for preventing sexual assault are under investigation for allegedly committing the types of act they were tasked with stopping . Those factors have led to calls for major changes in how the armed forces handle sexual assaults . Obama has demanded his top military brass "  leave no stone overturned " in their quest to prevent abuse , and members of Congress have introduced legislation that would make it easier for victims to get justice . In his commencement address Friday , Obama characterized the U.S. military as one of the few institutions Americans still trust , but said incidents like sexual assaults , as well as other delinquency by servicemen in the field , could erode that faith . "  Even in our military , we 've seen how the misconduct of some can have effects that ripple far and wide . In our digital age , a single image from the battlefield of troops falling short of their standards can go viral and endanger our forces and undermine our efforts to achieve security and peace , " Obama told the Naval Academy graduates , 206 of whom were women . Earlier this month , the Department of Defense released figures estimating 26,000 cases of unwanted sexual contact occurred in 2012 , a 35 % jump from 2010 . Those cases ranged from groping to rape . The vast majority of those incidents went unreported as crimes , the study showed . Meanwhile , officers at bases across the country are under investigation for allegedly committing sexual assaults . An Army sergeant first class assigned to the sexual assault prevention unit at Fort Hood , Texas , came under investigation in early May for alleged sexual assault , pandering , abusive sexual contact and maltreatment of subordinates . The military said he 's been relieved of duty while investigators look in to the allegations . Also in May , an Air Force officer who managed an assault prevention unit was charged with sexual battery and removed from duty . He is accused of grabbing a woman and groping her buttocks and breasts in an Arlington County parking lot not far from his Washington office . And this week , the Army said it had suspended Brig. Gen. Bryan Roberts , the top general at Fort Jackson in South Carolina , due to allegations of adultery and assault . Fort Jackson is where most new Army recruits go through basic training , which includes training about sexual assault prevention . The president traditionally delivers the commencement address at one of the military service academies every year . In 2012 he spoke at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs . The last time he delivered the commencement in Annapolis was 2009 . Vice President Joe Biden spoke last weekend at the Coast Guard Academy in Connecticut . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will speak Saturday at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , and also will address sexual assaults , according to a U.S. official . Obama 's remarks came the day after a much-anticipated speech in which the president spelled out a new phase of America 's war on terror . He told the new officers Friday they are entering a military vastly changed from four years ago . "  Just as you have changed in the past four years , so too have the challenges facing our military , " he said , noting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were still being engaged when Friday 's graduates entered the academy . "  Even as we move beyond deploying our large ground armies abroad , we need to conduct precise targeted strikes against terrorists before they kill our citizens , " Obama said . "  Even as we stay vigilant in the face of terrorism , and stay true to our Constitution and values , we need to stay ready for the full range of threats . " CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Obama says military assaults threaten what "  makes our military strong , " Assaults have "  no place " in the military , Obama says Figures show the rate of assaults in the armed forces is increasing A number of officers at bases across the country are under investigation
CNN  -- BP is doing all it can to respond to the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico , a top BP official said Monday , even as criticism of the company 's handling of the crisis was growing . "  We are going to clear every drop of oil off the shore , " Tony Hayward told reporters at Fourchon Beach , Louisiana , where cleanup efforts were under way . "  We will remediate any environmental damage and we will put the Gulf Coast right and back to normality as fast as we can . " The company 's next effort to plug the leak is to come at dawn Wednesday . BP plans to pump thick , viscous fluid twice the density of water into the site of the leak to stop the flow so the well can then be sealed with cement -- the "  top kill " procedure . Hayward , noting that the attempt will be carried out on the seafloor a mile below the sea surface , estimated the odds of success for the method at 60 percent to 70 percent . Asked about the company 's continued use of an oil dispersant in the face of an EPA request that it use a less toxic alternative , Hayward said , "  Everything that we do with dispersants is with the explicit approval of the EPA . " But EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said she was not pleased with BP 's response to the government 's request . "  The answer we got back from BP , to me , seemed more like a defense of their current choice -- reminded me a little bit of that old commercial ` I 'd rather fight than switch , ' " she told reporters in Venice , Louisiana . "  We need to ask ourselves whether there 's not a better product out there . " Federal officials told BP that "  we expect to see a substantial reduction in the overall amount of dispersant used , " from 50,000 gallons or more per day to less than 15,000 gallons per day , she said . That can be accomplished by releasing the dispersant below the surface of the water , she said . She said tests showed that the dispersant , Corexit 9500 , was more toxic to baby shrimp and baby silverfish than were any of five other dispersants . Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Thad Allen , the Obama administration 's point person in the Gulf , called the decision to use dispersants a tradeoff . "  It means we 're willing to accept the effect of the oil in the ocean rather than on land , " he said . Hayward acknowledged that BP 's reputation has taken a beating , but said the company is being straightforward about its efforts . "  We 're trying to communicate openly and transparently about everything that we 've done , " he said . As the environmental impact of the disaster was just beginning to unfold , he noted that BP will set aside a half billion dollars to open a research program to study the effects of the spill . Hayward 's comments came a day after Interior Secretary Ken Salazar expressed frustration with the delay in stopping the spill , asserting that BP has "  from day one , frankly , not fulfilled the mission it was supposed to fulfill . " He said the company has missed "  deadline after deadline " and that he was not confident that BP knew what it was doing . "  If we find that they 're -LSB- BP -RSB- not doing what they 're supposed to be doing , we 'll push them out of the way , " Salazar said . BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles acknowledged Monday that the federal government could take over the effort , but said the results would be no better . "  I do n't think anyone else could do better than we are , " he said . If the "  top kill " procedure does not work , he said , BP will try to fit a second , smaller containment dome over the ruptured pipe , Suttles said . A first containment dome failed to stop the leak . If the second dome does not work , he said , the company would "  still have plenty of other options . " The company could try a "  junk shot , " which would involve plugging the well with rubber and other substances , BP Managing Director Robert Dudley said Sunday . However , a permanent solution could take until August -- the estimated completion date for a relief well , said Allen . By the time the runaway well is capped , the amount of oil discharged could be comparable to the total released in the Exxon Valdez environmental disaster 20 years ago , Allen said . But he expressed no appetite for suggestions that the federal government should take over the project . "  You need to do very technical work at 5,000 feet , " he said , referring to the depth of the leak . "  You need equipment and expertise that 's not generally within the government -- federal government -- in terms of competency , capability or capacity . " The administration vowed to persevere . "  We are going to be tireless in working to do everything we can to support the community and everybody whose livelihoods have been imperiled down in the region , " President Obama said at a reception celebrating Asian-American and Pacific-Islander Heritage Month . U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke on Monday declared a fishery disaster in the Gulf of Mexico because of the economic impact of the oil spill on fisheries in the region . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has closed nearly 20 percent of the commercial and recreational fisheries in the area because of the spill , and Locke 's declaration will allow the federal government to put additional resources into the Gulf states to soften the blow . Meanwhile , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Salazar -- each on a fourth visit to the region since the April 20 spill began -- toured the spill area Monday accompanied by a phalanx of politicians . "  We are going to do everything we can to protect these lands , to protect these parishes , to make sure that claims are paid , " Napolitano told reporters in Galliano , Louisiana . Read about Louisiana 's closed oyster harvesting areas With an armada of more than 1,000 vessels and the efforts of more than 22,000 people who have put into place hundreds of thousands of feet of boom , the response to the oil spill is the largest in U.S. history , said Napolitano . That did not satisfy Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who called Monday for more resources to be mobilized against the oil and reiterated his call for the Army Corps of Engineers to move quickly to approve a plan to protect threatened marshland by building sand booms . "  We 've got to take matters into our own hands if we are going to win this battle to protect our coast , " he said . "  Every day we are not dredging sand gives one more day for oil to enter the ecosystem . " He bemoaned the fact that nearly 70 miles of Louisiana coast has been hit by oil . Read about a lawsuit filed by oil rig victims , families "  BP is the responsible party and we need the federal government to make sure they are held accountable , " he said . "  Our way of life depends on it . " Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry , the federal on-scene coordinator for the response effort , told reporters the barrier island project was under review . Environmental and wildlife officials "  are weighing in on the impact to endangered and threatened species , and other impacts this large-scale project could have , " she said . Since the explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon in late April about 40 miles off Louisiana , oil has been gushing into the Gulf at an estimated rate of at least 5,000 barrels a day  210,000 gallons  . Some estimates are far higher . Eleven workers are missing and presumed dead after the sinking . The cause of the explosion has not been determined .	NEW : U.S. declares fisheries disaster in oily Gulf Homeland security chief pledges help , Louisiana governor seeks resources BP to set aside $ 500 million to study spill 's effects "  Top kill , " latest effort to plug the leak , set to start Wednesday morning , company says
Washington  CNN  -- When President Obama unveiled his revamped national security team in the East Room , he quickly joked about how badly Defense Secretary Robert Gates has been itching to finally get serious about retirement . "  When I took office , Bob Gates had already served under seven presidents , and he carried a clock that counted down the days , hours , and minutes until he could return to Washington state with his wife , Becky , " Obama said . He added that he felt lucky to get Gates to keep pushing the exit date back to deal with wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as some major budget decisions confronting the nation . First it was Obama during the presidential transition in December 2008 getting Gates to stay on for just one more year for continuity 's sake . Then that grew to staying on for first 2 1/2 years of the administration . Senior officials tell me that Obama had even been hoping to somehow persuade Gates to stay on through all four years of the first term for the good of the country , but the president finally gave in and then set his sights to twisting the reluctant arm of CIA Director Leon Panetta to delay his own retirement to take the top spot at the Pentagon . Obama shuffles familiar faces in key security roles As Obama noted to laughter about his lobbying of Gates , "  At some point along the way , Bob threw out that clock . " It was an apt metaphor , because top defense analysts say the clock is ticking on the Obama administration as its first -- and possibly only -- term in office winds down . "  The timing right now is really critical in terms of how the resources will get sorted out , " said David Berteau , head of the defense industrial practice at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Berteau is referring to the fact that Panetta and the rest of the new team will have just 18 months to deal with the arduous task of somehow squeezing hundreds of billions of dollars out of the planned Pentagon budget for the next decade or so -- it 's pretty much impossible to find a way to get the numbers in Obama 's deficit-cutting plan to add up without significant defense savings . And they have to do this while winding down two very expensive wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , trying to help finish the mission in Libya , preparing for possible conflicts anywhere from Syria to North Korea , all the while trying to figure out how things will settle down in the Mideast . No wonder Panetta had to have his arm twisted to take this job , and he even joked to the crowd that the departing Gates was easy to spot at the event because he was the "  guy with the big smile next to me " on the platform . Panetta immediately noted the mind-numbing change the world has witnessed in recent months . "  As the son of immigrants , I was raised to believe that we can not be free unless we are secure , " he said . "  Today we are a nation at war . And job one will be to ensure that we are the strongest military power in the world to protect that security that is so important to this country . " Panetta 's other big task will be trying to deal with the competing goals of protecting America 's military superiority and drastically reducing the Pentagon 's $ 550 billion annual budget . The former White House chief of staff and budget director in the Clinton administration said he is committed to finding that balance . New men , new missions at Pentagon and CIA He called it "  a time for hard choices . " "  It 's about ensuring that we are able to prevail in the conflicts in which we are now engaged , " Panetta said . "  But it 's also about being able to be strong and disciplined in applying our nation 's limited resources to defending America . " Panetta emphasized that "  none of this will be easy , " and administration officials say privately this is a major reason why the president was so heavily focused on picking experienced old hands to round out the new  ish  national security team , with Gen. David Petraeus nominated to replace Panetta at the CIA . While some critics have dismissed the changes as a game of musical chairs , it 's worth noting the people filling those chairs are heavily respected on both sides of the aisle . When was the last time you heard a Republican touting the "  honesty and integrity " of an Obama nominee as House Intelligence Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , did ? "  While I 'm sorry to see Mr. Panetta go  from the CIA  , his talent and leadership will be put to great use leading the Defense Department , " Rogers said . "  Mr. Gates is leaving huge shoes to fill at the Pentagon , and I ca n't imagine a better candidate to replace him . " There has also been praise for the selections from Republicans like Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , a senior member of the Armed Services Committee who will vote on the nominations of Panetta and Lt. Gen. John Allen , who has been nominated to replace Petraeus as the allied commander of the war in Afghanistan . Obama also nominated the highly respected Ryan Crocker to serve as the new U.S. ambassador in Afghanistan ahead of the July deadline that is fast approaching , which the president has held up as a pivot point for starting to bring home U.S. troops . Besides being experienced , many of these players know each other very well . When the war in Iraq was falling apart , it was then-President George W. Bush 's decision to install Petraeus as the commander on the ground and Crocker as the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad -- with Allen serving under Petraeus on the military side -- that was one of the pivotal moments that got the mission back on track . "  I mean Petraeus and Crocker were the ` Dream Team ' in Iraq , " Berteau said . "  These guys have all worked together . " That is significant because an administration can sometimes waste months and months getting key players to gel . "  It provides the opportunity to get things done because you do n't have to waste your time in transition , " said Berteau . The time needs to be used wisely to tackle all of the challenges the team will face in the next year and a half , including nothing short of the most momentous transformation of the American military in a couple of decades . Bennett : Why Panetta , Petraeus are smart choices "  We are about to embark on the next big defense drawdown , " Berteau said . "  Panetta is uniquely qualified because he was at the White House during the last big drawdown in the early 1990s . " Indeed , Panetta served as White House chief of staff and the budget director during the Clinton administration and helped balance the federal budget . He was able then to benefit from his previous tenure as chairman of the House Budget Committee , and he will be able to draw upon that deep reservoir of respect again now . "  I am pleased that my friend Leon Panetta will bring his long record of service , first in Congress and then in both the Clinton and Obama administrations , to the job of secretary of defense , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  Director Panetta is taking the helm at a crucial time for the Pentagon , in the midst of two wars and as we close in on our July deadline to begin the drawdown of troops from Afghanistan . We need the kind of experienced leadership he can provide . " The budget battles ahead will only be further complicated by the 2012 campaign , of course , as both parties trade charges and potentially move farther from compromise . And if Obama ends up losing the race , the clock is ticking on Panetta to leave the administration 's imprint on the Pentagon budget for the next decade to come . Obama , of course , hopes to win a second term . And just as Gates jokingly thanked Obama for "  inviting me to stay on -- and on and on , " the president seems to already be lobbying Panetta to stay beyond the next 18 months . At the East Room event , Obama noted that after 40 years in public service , Panetta had wanted to go home to retirement with his wife . "  Leon , I know that you 've been looking forward to returning now to Sylvia and your beautiful Monterey , so I thank you for taking on yet another assignment for our country , " Obama said , adding with a sly smile : "  And I hope you do n't have a clock . "	Defense analysts say time is of the essence in sorting out security resources The budget battles ahead will only be further complicated by the 2012 campaign His choices of Panetta and Petraeus to new positions have bipartisan support Petraeus , Crocker and Allen worked together to turn around U.S. fortunes in Iraq
Washington  CNN  -- What do you do for an encore after a landslide re-election victory ? How about taking your show on the road . And that 's just what New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will do later this month , as he takes over as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , giving an already very visible governor with national aspirations even more visibility . While the high-profile position should enhance Christie 's status as a leader of the GOP , he 's already coming under attack from some potential 2016 rivals . Christie wins big With three-dozen states electing governors in 2014 , Christie will be crisscrossing the country , supporting some of the party 's brightest stars . But he 'll also be introducing himself to those who know only the larger-than-life figure on TV . "  I 'm going to be traveling all over the country trying to elect Republican governors and that 's a pretty good thing to do for the Republican Party , " Christie said Tuesday in an interview with CNN anchor and Chief Washington Correspondent Jake Tapper . The states that kick off the presidential primary and caucus calendar -- Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina , Florida and Nevada -- are among those holding elections next year . That itinerary works out well for someone who 's got an eye on the White House . "  The chairmanship of the RGA allows a governor to run for president before he actually runs for president , building relationships with organizers in key states and expanding his network of national contributors , " said Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and veteran of numerous GOP campaigns . "  It can also warehouse staff that can later move over to a presidential campaign . He can also use the RGA to collect chits by helping fellow GOP governors whom he hopes will eventually help him . It is a great platform for a Republican governor who is being urged to consider a presidential bid . " But Christie could face intraparty sniping that he 's using the position to further his chances of winning the party 's presidential nomination . Then-Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who chaired the committee in 2006 , ahead of his first run for the White House in 2008 , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who chaired the RGA ahead of his 2012 bid for president , also got such quiet criticism . Already under attack Christie is touting his conservative credentials . "  I 'm a conservative , " he said in his interview with Tapper , anchor of CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper , " adding "  I 've governed as a conservative in this state . " But a couple of high-profile Republicans are already trying to define Christie as not being conservative enough . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a favorite of tea party activists and a likely rival in 2016 should Christie decide to run , seemed to be trying to tag Christie with the m-word . "  I think the Republican Party is a big party , and we need moderates like Chris Christie who can win in New Jersey , " Paul told Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday on "  The Situation Room . " "  What that means about the national party , I 'm not sure there 's an answer . But we do need moderates like Chris Christie in the party . " Paul also took a not-so-subtle jab Wednesday at Christie for starring in ads aimed at promoting tourism in New Jersey in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy . In a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing to review the federal response to last year 's deadly storm , Paul questioned Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan about whether Sandy relief funds should be spent on television ads . Paul said that "  people running for office put their mug all over these ads while they are in the middle of a campaign . In New Jersey , $ 25 million was spent on ads that included somebody running for political office . " "  You think there might be a conflict of interest there ? You know that 's a real problem . That 's why when people who are trying to do good and trying to use taxpayer dollars wisely they are offended to see our money spent on political ads . You know that 's just offensive . " And Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , another possible GOP candidate , seemed to suggest that the impact of Christie 's landslide victory may be contained within the Garden State 's borders . "  Governor Christie has certainly shown he has a way of winning in New Jersey , in states like New Jersey ... so I congratulate him on that , " Rubio said in an interview with CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash . Rubio : Do n't jump to conclusions about Christie 's win Will Cain , a Republican analyst and CNN contributor , said he does n't buy in to the idea that Christie is a moderate . "  Look , everyone is invested in defining Chris Christie as a moderate . Liberals want to ascribe his victory to a repudiation of conservatism . And his political rivals want to beat him in a primary . But I do n't know that I can accept the premise , " Cain said . "  His greatest conservative sin is participating in Obamacare 's Medicaid expansion . On everything else -- guns , immigration -- he 's given lip service to moderation , not governed that way . An establishment Republican strategist said that infighting and sniping wo n't help the party with those it 's trying to appeal to . "  The best thing that anyone who has their eye on 2016 can do for themselves and the party right now is to work together , show the American people that Republicans can govern responsibly and work to make inroads with sections of the electorate that did n't support Republicans in the last two presidential elections , " Brian Walsh , former National Republican Senatorial Committee communications director , told CNN . Ready to run ? Christie 's everywhere in the wake of his landslide re-election . The longtime Bruce Springsteen fan 's on the cover of Time Magazine , with the headline "  Born to Run " on the story , and he 's scheduled to do four of the five Sunday talk shows this weekend . Asked Wednesday by CNN 's Debrorah Feyerick if all the talk about his potential bid for the White House is becoming a distraction , Christie pushed back , saying , "  I do n't get distracted very easily . It takes a lot to distract me , and I think the way it wo n't be a distraction is I simply wo n't let it . " Christie 's re-election speech Tuesday night sounded like something more -- the governor touted his bipartisan successes to an audience far beyond the Asbury Park ballroom and the borders of the Garden State . "  I know tonight a dispirited America , angry with their dysfunctional government in Washington , looks to New Jersey to say , ` Is what I think happening really happening ? Are people really coming together ? Are we really working , African-Americans and Hispanics , suburbanites and city dwellers , farmers and teachers ? Are we really all working together ? ' Let me give the answer to everyone who is watching tonight : Under this government our first job is to get the job done , and as long as I 'm governor that job will always , always be finished , " said Christie , to loud applause . What Christie 's win says about 2016 Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker and current co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " knows some things about running for the White House . "  I think it was an introductory speech , " the one-time 2012 GOP frontrunner said . Castellanos added , It was n't an acceptance speech , that was an announcement speech . " Numbers to brag about Christie 's victory was never in doubt . And as the polls in the Garden State closed Tuesday night , CNN and the other news networks rushed to project that the high-profile governor would win a second term in Trenton . But the big questions heading into Election Day 2013 were how large a victory Christie would capture over Barbara Buono , his little-known Democratic challenger , and how Christie would perform with voters who tend to cast ballots for Democrats . With just about all the ballots counted , Christie won 60 % of the vote , the most by a Republican statewide in more than a quarter-century And according to CNN exit polls , Christie performed well with groups that the GOP needs to win if it wants to win national elections . Christie carried nearly six in 10 women and won all age groups other than those 18-29 , which he just missed winning . Christie also won the Latino vote and took just more than a fifth of the African-American vote , a much better performance than most Republicans in recent elections . Christie also grabbed two-thirds of independents and a third of Democrats in a state where Democrats and independents made up nearly three-quarters of Tuesday 's electorate . Christie , McAuliffe took different paths to victory The exit polls appear to bolster Christie 's case that he 's among the most electable of the potential GOP White House hopefuls heading into 2016 . But if he runs for president , Christie will have to get through a battleground of conservative voters in the Republican primaries and caucuses similar to those he faced in blue-state New Jersey this year . CNN 's Dana Davidsen and Ashley Killough contributed to this report	Christie follows big re-election win with yearlong stint as head of GOP governors The position offers Christie networking opportunities but also makes him target Republicans next year elect governors in key states that are also key states in 2016 primaries A big challenge for Christie is convincing conservative Republicans he 's one of them
Wired  -- A Minnesota hacker that prosecutors described as a "  depraved criminal " was handed an 18-year prison term Tuesday for unleashing a vendetta of cyberterror that turned his neighbors ' lives into a living nightmare . Barry Ardolf , 46 , repeatedly hacked into his next-door neighbors ' Wi-Fi network in 2009 , and used it to try and frame them for child pornography , sexual harassment , various kinds of professional misconduct and to send threatening e-mail to politicians , including Vice President Joe Biden . His motive was to get back at his new neighbors after they told the police he 'd kissed their 4-year-old son on the lips . "  Barry Ardolf has demonstrated by his conduct that he is a dangerous man . When he became angry at his neighbors , he vented his anger in a bizarre and calculated campaign of terror against them , " prosecutor Timothy Rank said in a court filing . "  And he did not wage this campaign in the light of day , but rather used his computer hacking skills to strike at his victims while hiding in the shadows . "  Over months and months , he inflicted unfathomable psychic damage , making the victims feel vulnerable in their own home , while avoiding detection . " Ardolf 's attorney , Kevin O'Brien , said in a telephone interview that "  it was a lengthy sentence for a first-time offender . " The defendant also forfeited his house and computer gear . Ardolf had no criminal record , but an investigation revealed that he 'd also hijacked the Wi-Fi of other neighbors , and terrorized them as well . A father of two , Ardolf had turned down a 2-year plea agreement last year to charges related to the Biden e-mail . After that , the authorities piled on more charges , including identity theft and two kiddie-porn accusations carrying lifetime sex-offender registration requirements . He pleaded guilty to them all last year . The bizarre tale began in 2009 when Matt and Bethany Kostolnik moved in the house next door to Ardolf , who at the time was a Medronic computer technician living in the Minneapolis suburb of Blaine . On their first day at their new home , the Kostolnik 's then-4-year-old son wandered near Ardolf 's house . While carrying him back next door , Ardolf allegedly kissed the boy on the lips . "  We 've just moved next door to a pedophile , " Mrs. Kostolnik told her husband . The couple reported Ardolf to the police , angering their creepy new neighbor . "  I decided to ` get even ' by launching computer attacks against him , " Ardolf later wrote in a letter to the judge . Rank , the prosecutor , put it not so mildly : "  It was apparently this incident which caused the defendant to begin a calculated campaign to terrorize his neighbors , doing whatever he could to destroy the careers and professional reputations of Matt and Bethany Kostolnik , to damage the Kostolniks ' marriage , and to generally wreak havoc on their lives , " he said . Ardolf downloaded Wi-Fi hacking software and spent two weeks cracking the Kostolnik 's WEP encryption . Then he used their own Wi-Fi network to create a fake MySpace page for the husband , where he posted a picture of a pubescent girl having sex with two young boys . Under the "  about me " section , he wrote : "  I bet my coworker that since I 'm a lawyer and a darn great one that I could get away with putting up porn on my site here . I bet that all I have to do is say that there is plausible deniability since anybody could have put this on my site . Like someone hacked my page and added porn without my knowledge . This is reasonable doubt . I 'm a darn good lawyer and I can get away with doing anything ! " He then e-mailed the same child porn to one of the husband 's co-workers , and sent flirtatious e-mail to women in Mr. Kostolnik 's office . "  You are such a fox , " read one of the e-mails . He sent the message 's through the husband 's genuine e-mail account . After the husband explained to his law office superiors that he had no idea what was happening , his bosses hired a law firm that examined his network and discovered that an "  unknown " device had access to it . With Kostolnik 's permission , they installed a packet sniffer on his network to try and get to the bottom of the incidents . Then , in May 2009 , the Secret Service showed up at Kostolnik 's office to ask about several threatening e-mails sent from his Yahoo account , and traced to his IP address , that were addressed to Biden and other politicians . The subject line of one e-mail read : "  This is a terrorist threat ! Take this seriously . " "  I swear to God I 'm going to kill you ! , " part of the message to Biden said . A forensics computer investigator working for Kostolnik 's law firm examined the packet logs , and found the e-mail sessions sending the threats . In the data surrounding the threatening traffic , they found traffic containing Ardolf 's name and Comcast account . The FBI got a search warrant for Ardolf 's house and computer , and found reams of evidence , including copies of data swiped from the Kostolniks ' computer , and hacking manuals with titles such as Cracking WEP Using Backtrack : A Beginner 's Guide ; Tutorial : Simple WEP Crack Aircracking and Cracking WEP with BackTrack 3 -- Step-by-Step instructions . They also found handwritten notes laying out Ardolf 's revenge plans , and a cache of postal mail that Ardolf had apparently stolen from the Kostolniks ' mailbox and stashed under his bed . "  One of the manuals had Ardolf 's handwriting on it and another had the unique identifying ID for the Kostolniks ' router typed into it , " Rank , the prosector , wrote . Also discovered in Ardolf 's possession was the pornographic image posted on MySpace and sent to the husband 's co-worker , and evidence that he 'd secretly staged a similar harassment campaign against a neighbor at Ardolf 's previous home in Brooklyn Park , another Minneapolis suburb . Among other things , he sent that family a postal-mail message consisting of a one-page , color print-out of the family 's "  TurboTax " return with personally identifying information , in addition to several skull images . "  I told you about a year ago that you should be very afraid . I can destroy you at will , you sorry-ass excuse for a human , " the letter said . The Brooklyn Park family told the FBI they believed Ardolf was upset that their personal care attendants , who looked after their two disabled twin daughters , parked their car in front of his house . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Barry Ardolf , 46 , repeatedly hacked into his next-door neighbors ' Wi-Fi network in 2009 His motive was to get back at his new neighbors after they said he kissed their son Ardolf had no criminal record , but he 'd hijacked the Wi-Fi of other neighbors as well
Mental Floss  -- Most guys pull them on every morning when they step out of the shower . In fact , at this very moment , there 's probably nothing closer to you than your underwear . It 's taken thousands of years to perfect the boxers or briefs that you 're wearing right now , though , so here 's a brief and incomplete look at the history of men 's underwear : Loincloths offer some coverage The first known underwear dates back almost 7000 years , when prehistoric man used leather to cover and protect his loins while running prehistoric errands . For several millennia , not much changed . Ancient Egyptian art shows everyone from the pharaohs on down the line decked out in loincloths of their own . The pharaohs even wore a sort of specialized kilt/loincloth called a shendoh , and took extra supplies of the garment into their pyramids for use in the afterlife . Codpieces become all the rage Variations on the loincloth seem to have persisted into the Middle Ages , when loose-fitting trousers called braies came into fashion . These linen duds extended from the waist to around mid-calf , and once the wearer stepped into his breeches he had to lace them tight around his waist and shins . Although all of the tying was n't so convenient , these braies had the advantage of offering a lot of coverage , so if a laborer got too hot he could strip down to his skivvies while still maintaining some sense of decorum . On the other hand , all of the lacing and cinching made answering nature 's call a bit of a hassle . Enter the codpiece . A codpiece that opened at the front using buttons , snaps , or laces enabled men to urinate without removing their braies , which really came in handy when you 'd had a bit too much mead . Mental Floss : 6 articles of clothing that caused riots These early codpieces were practical , but as hemlines rose , they started to take on a decorative function , too . When Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century , all of his loyal subjects followed suit .  Nevermind that scholars later speculated that Henry VIII 's bulging codpiece may not have actually been male overcompensation -- it may have been oversized to accommodate medication-soaked bandages to alleviate some of the pain from a suspected case of syphilis . It 's worth noting that modern scholars have mostly dismissed this theory .  Codpiece padding and growth continued throughout the mid-sixteenth century before tailing off around 1590 . Prizefighters get stretchy "  Boxers or briefs ? " Before the 1920s , this question would have gotten you little more than a blank look , mostly because neither boxers nor briefs had been invented yet . From Victorian times into the 1930s , men had mostly worn tight-fitting knee-length flannel "  drawers " beneath their pants and donned similarly snug flannel tops as undershirts . This state of affairs does n't sound too comfy , but things got a little more breathing room in 1925 . Jacob Golomb , the founder of the venerable boxing equipment company Everlast , started to tweak designs for the trunks worn by pugilists . Golomb realized that the leather-belted trunks fighters had been wearing were n't totally ideal , so he replaced the leather with more flexible elastic waistbands . Boxer shorts were n't an immediate success as underwear , though . They lacked the support that drawers and union suits had offered , so men were n't crazy about them . It really was n't until after World War II that boxer shorts took off to challenge their younger siblings , the briefs . Mental Floss : A brief history of shaving Postcard ispires tighty whities Underwear drawers changed forever in 1934 when Arthur Kneibler , an executive and designer at the Wisconsin hosiery company Coopers , Inc. , received a postcard from a friend who was visiting the French Riviera . The postcard depicted a man in a bikini-style bathing suit , and "  apparel engineer " Kneibler had an epiphany : could n't this type of swimsuit be converted into underwear ? After some experimentation , Kneibler introduced a new kind of snug , legless underwear with an overlapping Y-front fly . Coopers dubbed the new product "  Jockey shorts " because the high level of support the garment offered was reminiscent of jockstraps . Coopers took its first batch of Jockey briefs to Chicago 's landmark department store Marshall Fields on January 19 , 1935 . Although the weather was awful?Chicago was in the grip of a blizzard?the entire load of 600 pairs of Jockeys sold out on the first day . Within three months , the company sold 30,000 pairs of Jockey shorts . Coopers kept making and marketing its wildly successful underwear , and in 1971 the company changed its name to Jockey . Secret Service gives Joe Boxer a boost Designer underwear became all the rage in the 1970s and 80s as labels like Calvin Klein began to transform our drawers from something we hid under our pants into the sort of fashion and lifestyle choice one could flaunt in a bad music video . Cuts became tighter and sexier , and underwear designs became flashy , loud , and often humorous . One of the main beneficiaries of this new obsession with snappy underwear was Joe Boxer , which started making skivvies in 1984 when it filled an order for Macy 's that included a design with a Velcro-attached removable raccoon tail . Joe Boxer really jumped into the spotlight in 1985 , though , when it made boxers printed with the image of hundred-dollar bills . The Secret Service decided that these duds violated forgery laws and confiscated 1,000 pairs of the offending underwear . Instead of simply hiring lawyers , Joe Boxer turned the seizure into a lighthearted news event , and the image of boxers as a playful alternative to stolid briefs grew . Mental Floss : Symbolism and the $ 1 bill Underwear takes the nation 's economic pulse Although there have n't been many huge underwear breakthroughs since the introduction of boxer briefs in the early 1990s  and even those are sort of a throwback to the union suits favored by pre-1930s men  , boxers and briefs found their way onto the financial pages in early 2008 . That 's when former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan revealed that the state of the men 's underwear industry is an important indicator of the economy 's health . The logic Greenspan outlined regarding underwear was both simple and elegant . Most guys have a drawer full of fairly ratty underwear that they 'll wear until the elastic is dead and the boxers are riddled with holes . Since coworkers and friends generally do n't see a guy 's underwear , replacing these frayed undergarments often seems like a discretionary purchase for men . As such , when men start fearing the economy is in a downturn and need a place to save a little cash , they simply stop replenishing their underwear drawer with fresh Jockeys . Sounds reasonable enough , right ? Sure enough , when the economy started to tail off in 2008 , annual men 's underwear sales dropped by 12 percent . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	For thousands of years , men 's underwear consisted of loin cloths Codpieces allowed men "  convenience " while wearing braies Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century Boxers jumped into the spotlight when their design came under fire
CNN  -- At least 26 bodies have been recovered from the sea after a Libyan trawler got into trouble last week , but hundreds are still missing , according to Tunisia 's state-run TAP news agency . Bad weather is preventing the recovery of more bodies , the head of the Sfax coast guard told TAP Monday . The agency did not name the official . As many as 270 Libyan refugees were missing in the Mediterranean Sea after the overcrowded boat they were in encountered bad weather , the Tunisian state-run TAP news agency reported last week . The Tunisian coast guard responded to the rescue call regarding the fishing trawler , which became disabled Wednesday night near the Kerkennah Islands . The ship was reportedly taking some 800 refugees from Libya to the Italian island of Lampedusa , TAP reported . Between 200 and 270 people were missing , while 577 people were rescued , the coast guard official told TAP Monday . People on the boat began pushing each other in a panic to reach the lifeboats when they ran into high waves and winds , TAP said . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter the European Union . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have borne the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered Lampedusa 's residents , who number about 6,000 .	26 bodies are recovered , a coast guard official tells Tunisia 's state news agency About 800 refugees were heading from Libya to Lampedusa , Italy Between 200 and 270 people are missing from the overcrowded boat
CNN  -- As a lifelong resident of South Central Los Angeles , I refuse to be part of the social system that breeds problems rather than solutions . South Central is a "  food desert " where the lack of healthy food alternatives leads to obesity and preventable disease . I have raised my sons in South L.A. , and it is heartbreaking to see so many young kids on a trajectory to nowhere , potential high school dropouts prey to gangs , drugs , violence and incarceration . So where do we start to create positive change ? I believe that change starts from within , and unless you want to take the first step , change will never happen . We need to take the responsibility to be the creative force in our society . We need to be the gardeners of our society . TED.com : Ron Finley 's talk on gardening in South Central So instead of waiting for others  the city or other units of government  , I decided to take my shovel , my weapon of change , and start gardening . Change begins with youth and healthy role models . Gardening takes care of both . It builds community . Children learn what they live . If children live with hostility , they learn to fight . If they live with fear , they learn to be apprehensive . If they live with criticism , they learn to condemn . If they live around alcohol , drugs , unhealthy food and violence , this is what they will reproduce in their lives and in society in general . This is a vicious circle that needs to end . My vision is that gardening can do that -- and my organization has been planting gardens in South Central , including ones on city-owned land . If kids grow kale , kids eat kale . If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes . But when none of this is presented to them , if they 're not shown how food affects the mind and the body , they blindly eat whatever you put in front of them . When kids learn to grow vegetables , they learn not only how to eat in a healthy way but how to be productive and are armed with a value system that will help them to navigate in their lives -- values such as patience , appreciation , sharing , honesty and respect . You will be surprised how kids are affected by this . One day , I was out in my garden attending to my sunflowers when a teenager passed by with his earphones hooked up , listening to his music . When he saw the huge sunflowers in my garden , he was taken aback : "  Yo ! Is dat real ? " He was screaming . A few days later , he joined us in the garden . TED Blog : A visit to Ron Finley 's garden But gardening 's therapeutic effect is not only for kids . I have been to homeless shelters to install gardens . People will come around and will start telling stories of gardening with their mothers and grandmothers . I see hopeless faces light up ; I see the seed of hope where none existed before , and this is for me a great reward . Our society -- not just South Central -- suffers from social corrosion . Due to the economic crisis , parents have to work long hours  if they are lucky enough to have a job  , and often , kids are neglected . In many cases , kids grow up with their TV set as parent . Technology offers more ways of nominal communication , but our society tends to promote actual isolation . It is crucially important to cultivate nourishing relationships and human connections , and gardening can definitely do that . So who do you want to be : a bystander or a force of positive change ? Pick up your shovel , bring some compost and come meet me in the garden . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Finley .	Ron Finley : South Central Los Angeles is a "  food desert " with few healthy alternatives He says one key to improving health is getting children involved in change Finley says gardening is therapeutic and promotes idea of healthy eating
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . CNN/BuzzFeed  -- In some ways , it has been a pretty tough year for America -- and a year for tough Americans . The year started in the shadow of the Sandy Hook school shooting . Then , the Boston Marathon bombing brought the country to a standstill , followed by a spate of natural disasters and leading into a summer wracked with unsettling details about government spying . But sometimes the lowest moments can bring out the best in Americans . Here are 10 stories from this year that might make you feel a little prouder to be an American this Independence Day . If you are reading this on mobile or an outdated browser , you wo n't be able to see this story in all its glory . Click here instead . .	Hard times brought out the best in Americans this year Here are 10 stories that might make you feel a little prouder to be an American this July 4th Share your moments of American pride with us on CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- New NATO airstrikes shook Tripoli into early Tuesday after the alliance 's secretary-general dismissed complaints that the allied campaign against longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi had fallen into a stalemate . At least three rounds of explosions echoed across the Libyan capital in a three-hour span that began late Monday , and the roar of jets could be heard overhead . Government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told CNN that the warplanes hit administrative buildings in central Tripoli , and that a nearby hospital was "  indirectly " affected . "  Tonight was an exceptional night in Tripoli , " Ibrahim said , noting that the strikes followed "  an extended period of calm . " "  It is very sad , " he said . "  We are losing people every day on both sides . We think it is time to sit down and talk . " NATO warplanes and missiles have been pounding Gadhafi 's forces and government installations since March 31 as Gadhafi attempts to put down a nearly three-month-old revolt against his rule . Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told CNN on Monday that Gadhafi and his regime "  have no future , " but refused to predict how long the Libyan leader could hold on . Rasmussen denied that the situation in Libya had devolved into a "  stalemate , " insisting that NATO was "  making progress " and had "  taken out " a substantial part of Gadhafi 's military capability . He said a political solution was required to bring the conflict to an end , but "  It 's hard to imagine an end to the violence as long as Gadhafi remains in power . " Despite the ongoing bombardment , Gadhafi 's forces have been inflicting a heavy toll on rebels in the port city of Misrata , survivors there have told CNN . Misrata is the only city in western Libya held by the rebels , and witnesses say indiscriminate shelling has left victims with crushed bones , burns and amputations . "  They are shelling the port and civilian neighborhoods . It has become an operation of revenge , not just taking over the city of Misrata , " said Ibrahim al-Neairy , a rebel who was injured in the fighting and evacuated to Benghazi . Mostafa Bozen , a spokesman for the rebels , said fighters attacked Gadhafi 's forces about 22 kilometers  14 miles  from Tripoli , killing 12 and hitting a tank . The situation in Misrata "  is at the forefront " of U.N. concerns about Libya 's civilian population , Valerie Amos , the U.N. undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs , told the Security Council on Monday . Two months of fighting and the ongoing shelling of the city 's port has prevented aid ships from docking there , and between 150 and 300 non-Libyans are still waiting to be evacuated , she said . "  Some people are running short of food , water and other basics , " she said . "  Medical facilities need supplies and more trained personnel . " The Security Council voted in March to authorize the use of force to protect Libyan civilians from Gadhafi 's regime . Nearly 750,000 people have fled the country , another 58,000 are displaced within Libya and another 5,000 are stranded at border crossings into Libya , Tunisia and Niger , Amos said . For those who remain , Amos said the fighting and the sanctions imposed on Gadhafi and his allies have caused "  a severe disruption of supply lines within the country . " The results have been "  shortages of fuel , difficulties in obtaining commodities including foodstuffs , medicines and other essential goods , and there have been severe cash shortages throughout the country . " Western Libya has about three months ' supply of food remaining ; the mostly rebel-held east has about two months , she said . Fuel and supplies for desalinization plants and other facilities that provide fresh water to many Libyans "  are running out , " she added . There have been widespread assumptions among experts that the conflict between pro- and anti-Gadhafi forces will continue to be a stalemate for some time . As time wears on , though , human rights groups have expressed growing concern for besieged Libyans in Misrata . The wounded arriving in Benghazi , the rebel hub city , painted a gruesome picture of the fighting in Misrata . Hanan Muhammad , who was evacuated along with about 800 others on an aid ship charted by the International Organization for Migration , was wounded when a missile struck near her home . "  I was in my house praying when the first missile landed . Shortly after , more missiles , one after another started hitting our neighborhood , " said Muhammad , who suffered a broken arm and shrapnel wounds . "  Terror . Fear . People are scared every moment of the day no matter their age , " she said . "  Oh God , it 's like a horror movie . " Al-Neairy , who suffered facial burns and shrapnel wounds , said he does not regret fighting . "  The price for freedom is high and it  is  necessary to be liberated from this regime , " he said . Amnesty International has said Gadhafi 's attacks in the port city may amount to war crimes . A report issued last week by the monitoring group accused pro-Gadhafi forces of the "  unlawful killing of civilians due to indiscriminate attacks , including use of heavy artillery , rockets and cluster bombs in civilian areas and sniper fire against residents . " "  I 'm not going to guess about a timeline . I want a solution sooner rather than later , " Rasmussen said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Sara Sidner and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO jets hit Tripoli late Monday and early Tuesday NEW : A U.N. official warns of food , fuel shortages in Libya Gadhafi and his regime "  have no future , " the NATO secretary-general says Misrata civilians and rebels say Gadhafi forces are indiscriminately shelling the city
CNN  -- Former NBA star and TNT sports analyst Charles Barkley attended the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday and answered five questions for CNN.com at the CNN Grill . Former NBA star Charles Barkley says the next president must deal with poverty and the war in Iraq . CNN.com : Why are you here in Denver ? Barkley : I just wanted to be here . I 'm just so excited . I never thought in my lifetime we 'd have a black man with a legitimate shot of being president . CNN.com : Are you a Barack Obama supporter ? Barkley : Barack has been a friend of mine for a long time . I met him when I was writing my last book , and he was running for Senate , and I got to know him , and we stayed in contact . I consider him a friend . I think he 'd make a fantastic president . I want to make it clear that if I did n't think he could do the job , I would n't vote for him . I think he 'd make a fantastic president . And I 'm not voting for him because he 's black . I think he 's a great person . CNN.com : What do you think the Democrats need to do here to win the White House ? Barkley : I think they 've got to just make sure to get those troops home from Iraq , that 's a big deal . But No. 1 , we 've got to give poor people a chance . America is divided by economics , and we as Americans , we 've got to do a better job of supporting poor people . CNN.com : How ? Barkley : We 've got to improve the public school system . If you 're born in this country poor , whether you 're white or black , you 're going to be born in a bad neighborhood ; you 're going to go to a bad school . It 's going to be very difficult for poor people to be successful . iReport.com : Are you at the DNC ? Share sights , sounds CNN.com : What are you doing in Denver for fun ? Barkley : I 'm going to the Hill Harper party tonight . Last night we just went out and had a real nice meal and just took it easy because I knew today was going to be a long day . I just want to be here . Plain and simple . CNN.com : Are you running for governor in Alabama ? Barkley : I 'm planning on running for governor . I ca n't screw up Alabama . Politics , it 's just so important , and I just want to do good things with my name , and I 'm just going to keep continuing to do that .	Former NBA player Charles Barkley says he favors his friend Obama America 's public schools should be a priority , Barkley says TNT sports analyst also says he 's running for governor of Alabama "  I just want to do good things with my name , " he says
MNN.com  -- While every dog is different , most canines enter their geriatric phase at seven to eight years of age . As with humans , advanced age can lead to arthritis , decreased mobility and decreased organ functions . An expert from my pooch 's veterinary clinic offers the following tips to help embrace your dog 's inner puppy as the years go by : Keep up the exercise Do n't discount those daily walks . Even if the pace is a little slower these days , it 's a way to bond with your dog and burn calories together . Just be sure to monitor your pet during and after the walk . Dogs do n't sweat the way humans do , so be mindful of excessive panting or signs of exhaustion . If your dog is like my sister 's 10-year-old dog , Daisy , it will simply stop when enough is enough . If you have a couch potato , introduce exercise on a gradual basis . A few minutes of fetch each day can keep dogs active and mentally stimulated . MNN.com : Why are compostable dog bags are so hard to find ? Watch the weight On a small frame , an extra three to five pounds can strain hips and joints . Since older animals are less active , they also require fewer calories so resist the urge to over love them with food . In a 2009 study , the Association for Pet Obesity Prevention noted that 45 percent of U.S. dogs are overweight or obese and the numbers have been increasing steadily . As with human companions , pooches also face weigh-related health hazards such as diabetes , heart and joint issues . Talk to your veterinarian about reducing portions or switching to a senior formula , which has fewer calories and often includes joint-friendly supplements such as glucosamine and chondroitin . A smaller-size kibble or softer food also may be necessary to aid in digestion . I 've added a bit of warm water or veggie broth to help soften Daisy 's food during her visits . Schedule regular checkups : An annual veterinary exam is recommended for all dogs . Older dogs also should undergo blood work so vets can catch any internal issues such as kidney or liver damage . In some breeds , biannual blood work is recommended . Talk to your vet about blood tests during the next visit . It 's a great way to monitor breed-related health issues before they become serious . MNN.com : Disabilities no longer a death sentence for pets Keep it simple A dog 's vision and sense of smell can diminish with age . Be sure to keep things simple by removing obstacles from around the house . It also helps to establish a routine for older dogs and avoid sudden schedule changes . Pet steps or doggie ramps also provide easy access to your dog 's favorite spots without risk of injury . Make sure that pet bedding is soft to cushion old joints or an elevated bed , which you 'll often see in animal shelters because they offer easy access while keeping dogs off the floor . Take note of toys Try toys that are gentler on your dog 's teeth and jaws . Contrasting colors make balls and plush pull toys easier for older eyes to track down . Eco-friendly pet company PlanetDog.com has a line of toys for "  old souls " that feature "  slobber-wick " technology , super loud squeaks and softer material for older jaws . Also , make sure playtime is still fun by adding new activities . You really can teach an old dog new tricks . MNN.com : An introduction to pet nutrition Protect those chompers Teeth become more brittle with age . Make sure to check your dog 's teeth regularly and watch for signs of tartar or gum disease . Check out tips from an earlier column on keeping those teeth pearly white and avoiding "  dog breath . " Socialize , socialize , socialize Older dogs need love , too . They make the best cuddle bugs , especially for elderly relatives . Interacting with younger dogs also may help your pooch stay young at heart . Try one-on-one play dates with other dogs . Also , consider fostering a dog from a local rescue group . It 's a short-term commitment that allows your pet to help another dog learn the ropes and -- hopefully -- land a forever home . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	For the best quality of life , your older dog requires special care Do n't feed your pet table scraps -- 45 % of U.S. dogs are overweight , a study finds Socializing benefits your dog at every age
One of the nation 's most prestigious teams of flying aerobats dive-bombed into the depths of sexual harassment and stayed there for at least a year , a new Navy study says . Under the command of Capt. Gregory McWherter , members of the Blue Angels openly passed around pornography and flew with it in their cockpits during airshows . They cursed gays and spread dirty talk about women . Their chauvinistic behavior turned the squadron into a hostile workplace , a Navy investigation into the shenanigans said . And McWherter not only tolerated them ; he set examples of bad behavior and animated those under his command . McWherter was reprimanded after a disciplinary proceeding this week and was previously relieved of his duties as an executive officer . The 63-page document reads like a cross between the burlesque B movies "  Hot Shot " and "  Animal House , " as it describes how the squad 's Ready Room took on the atmosphere of a college fraternity . The Blue Angels are the friendly face of the U.S. Navy and Marines and put on aerial stunt shows before live audiences across the country most every week . The scandal has sullied their reputation and that of the military branches they represent , Navy investigators said . Giant genital graffiti At one point during McWherter 's stint , an oversized penis painted in the blue and gold colors of the Blue Angels adorned the roof of an airplane hangar . The image was so large that it could be seen by satellites and appeared on Google Maps images . A member of the squadron painted over the graffiti , and the satellite map image has since disappeared . McWherter has not always had a reputation for raunch . He led the Blue Angels twice , and the first time around , he snuffed out such risque stunts as a matter of maintaining professional order , the investigation said . He completed a "  successful and unmarred tour as the Commanding Officer of the Blue Angels from 2008 to 2010 , " the Navy said . Once that tour was over , he handed over the reins , but his successor committed a safety violation in May 2011 . The Angels had to cancel a show and go through a safety stand-down . The commander stepped down , and McWherter returned . He received a "  hero 's welcome " and decided he 'd do something to cheer the Angels up : throw out some protocol and crank up camaraderie . Tolerating chauvinism McWherter was not the first to introduce lewd practices to the squadron , but he no longer clamped down as much and sometimes participated . Pornography had made its way into the squadron around the time the captain 's first command ended , the investigation said . "  Both male and female crew chiefs cut out and placed the pornography in the cockpits , " it said . During the investigation , the practice was cited by some witnesses as "  motivational . " It was seen as a way of building trust among team members . Most of the pictures were depictions of naked women . Crew members who objected could complain and opt out , but some felt under pressure not to do so , the review said . Eventually , tensions over the pictures rose , and McWherter asked two female team members for their opinion , the investigation said . They told him they would feel more comfortable if the photos used were of women in bikinis and not nudes . McWherter complied . But eventually , he received an anonymous letter complaining about that practice , too , and he canned it -- but reportedly not without complaining to team members about someone having sent the letter . Online porn and scorn But porn crept into more than just the cockpits and the Ready Room . The group set up a site on the online service GroupMe for scheduling purposes , and profanity and porn dotted the posts . McWherter saw them and joined in . "  His initial post after joining the forum was "  f *** you , " the investigation said . When pornographic images did n't show up in the feed for a while , the captain called for members to post more of them . And he joined in raucous commenting on the lewd images . A Facebook photo of a female enlisted member of the squadron in a bikini turned up in the Ready Room , and McWherter did not object to it . Juvenile to hostile When investigators showed officers who had served during the captain 's first stint as commanding officer examples of the homophobic humor on maps , raunchy jokes and pornography that became common during his second stint , they were shocked . "  These officers unanimously indicated that such material would not have been tolerated during their time under Captain McWherter at the Blue Angels , " the investigation said . In November 2012 , the captain 's command ended ; he moved on , and his successor inherited a cleanup job . The Navy set up awareness training from various equal opportunity programs to rid the Blue Angels of the smut . In 2014 , a service member filed a complaint against McWherter for his lax handling of the harassing atmosphere during his command . Navy investigators concluded that the former commander had allowed what may have seemed like juvenile behavior descend into a "  toxic " atmosphere . Ex-Blue Angels commander reassigned during sexual harassment inquiry	Porn , homophobic jokes and dirty talk about women became common , Navy review finds It says the team 's commander called for more porn postings in squadron scheduling service Raunchy practices were viewed as a way of building trust among Blue Angels , the study says The Navy reprimanded the commander and gave anti-harassment training to team
CNN  -- When training camps for big-time college football teams open in August , behemoth linemen and other players will get their first taste of new rules regarding how much food Division I schools can provide their athletes . In short , as much as they want . That 's assuming a proposal that came out of the NCAA legislative council this week gets approved , as expected , by the Division I board of directors . It 's a small change in benefits -- as of last season , athletes could receive three meals a day -- but not a sea change that could lead to players getting paid . Many athletes in the revenue sports think they should get a piece of the pie . Right now , executives get paid , coaches get paid , the referees get paid , the announcers get paid , the people who sell souvenir merchandise get paid -- but the players do n't . Many athletes get a one-year scholarship  almost always renewed during all four years of eligibility  that covers tuition , books , room and board and related fees . Other football and basketball players walk on and receive nothing . Next year , they will be included in the unlimited meals , the NCAA says . But no pay for play , no salary for the at least 20 hours of work per week during the season . That 's something many football and basketball players want to see change . University of Connecticut basketball player Shabazz Napier expressed as much at the Final Four men 's basketball tournament a few weeks ago , when he made controversial comments about going to bed starving . While many fans focused on his comment "  There are hungry nights that I go to bed and I 'm starving , " he also talked about others profiting off merchandise he helped make popular . "  When you see your jersey getting sold -- it may not have your last name on it -- but when you see your jersey getting sold and things like that , you feel like you want something in return , " he added . It 's that sentiment that prompted former UCLA basketball star Ed O'Bannon to join with 20 other plaintiffs -- each of whom will file his own lawsuit -- against the NCAA for what they claim is the unlawful use of their likenesses in video games and other media . The current and former players have already settled a suit with one popular video game maker . O'Bannon 's antitrust case is scheduled to begin in a federal courtroom on June 9 , according to Sports Illustrated , which says the entire business model for major college athletics could change . Billions are at stake , says The Wall Street Journal . "  I 'm not going to ruin college sports . College sports is changing . The rules need to change , " O'Bannon has said . The NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education , something that holds a lot of value both immediately and in the future . Athletes also get team-issued shoes and other athletic gear . But they are not allowed to sell them . Throw in paid travel , free coaching and free medical aid , and many sports fans think that 's a pretty good deal . A poll conducted last year by Marist College Center for Sports Communication showed that about two-thirds of fans of college football and college basketball agreed that a scholarship for top players was sufficient . Still , the number of legal challenges for the NCAA seems to be on the rise . In March , the Chicago office of the National Labor Relations Board ruled that football players at Northwestern University -- a private school that fields teams in the Big Ten conference -- can unionize , deeming them school employees . Players are set to take their union vote on April 25 . The players at Northwestern say they want better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships that cover the entire cost of attendance , and the possibility of being paid . They 're led by former quarterback Kain Colter and Ramogi Huma , founder of the National College Players Association and the College Athletes Players Association . The NLRB ruled that Northwestern football players should be considered employees because of the hours they put in , the control the university has over them and the revenue they generate . Northwestern is appealing the ruling to the national NLRB , maintaining that players are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost . " NCAA President Mark Emmert has called the idea of unionized collegiate sports teams "  grossly inappropriate . " "  It would blow up everything about the collegiate model of athletics , " he said . The labor board 's ruling only applies to Northwestern for now . So state lawmakers in Connecticut and Ohio are taking steps -- albeit opposite ones -- to address the issue at public colleges in their states . An Ohio measure approved recently says players "  are not public employees based upon participating in athletics for the state university . " But in Connecticut , state Rep. Matthew Lesser and other lawmakers are considering legislation that would allow athletes at the University of Connecticut to unionize , Lesser said after Napier made his "  no money for food " comments . "  He says he 's going to bed hungry at a time when millions of dollars are being made off of him . It 's obscene , " Lesser said . "  This is n't a Connecticut problem . This is an NCAA problem , and I want to make sure we 're putting pressure on them to treat athletes well . " There is one other important legal matter that cuts right to the heart of the decades-old question whether college athletes should be paid or receive a stipend . Four college athletes , represented by attorney Jeffrey Kessler , filed a class-action lawsuit in March -- just as the NCAA basketball tournament was set to begin -- against the NCAA accusing it of "  illegally restraining competition for the services of players . " In layman 's terms , the lawsuit argues college athletes should be paid and aims to end the old notion of amateurism in college sports . It would give a university the option of paying the players it wants most . It also calls for individual damages for the player plaintiffs . Kessler represents Clemson University football player Martin Jenkins ; Rutgers University basketball player J.J. Moore ; University of California football player Bill Tyndall , who played his senior season in 2013 ; and University of Texas-El Paso football player Kevin Perry , who also played basketball for the Miners in 2011 and 2012 . While only four plaintiffs are named , the class-action suit proposes representing all Football Bowl Subdivision players and all Division I basketball players . In addition to the NCAA , the lawsuit -- which the National College Players Association is backing -- also targets the so-called "  power conferences " : the Southeastern , Big Ten , Big 12 , Pacific-12 and Atlantic Coast . "  What we are saying is that it is fundamentally unfair for there to be rules that prevent athletes who create all of this " from being paid , said Kessler , who has experience in suing sports leagues . CNN 's Sara Ganim and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Legal challenges highlight issue of compensation for college athletes New NCAA rule could mean unlimited meals for Division I school athletes NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education Northwestern appealing labor board ruling that its football players can unionize
CNN  -- A Japanese lawmaker facing drug charges punishable by death has pleaded not guilty in a Chinese court , Chinese state media reports . Takuma Sakuragi , a 71-year-old member of the Inazawa municipal assembly in Japan 's Aichi prefecture , was taken into custody on October 31 when staff at the Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport found more than 3kg of methamphetamine in his suitcase , Xinhua reported . Sakuragi was preparing to board a flight to Shanghai en route back to Japan when he was stopped , the state-run China Daily reported . After his arrest , he denied trafficking drugs , saying he was taking the luggage to Shanghai for a friend , the report continued . Two others -- Aly Yattabare , from Mali , and Guinea citizen Mohamed Soumah -- were arrested in relation to the case and are also standing trial . On Tuesday , Sakuragi pleaded not guilty in the Guangzhou City Intermediate People 's Court to charges of transporting illegal drugs . The indictment against him claimed the politician flew from Nagoya to Guangzhou two days before he was detained last year , checking into a hotel with the help of a Nigerian named as Gemadi Hassan , the South China Morning Post reported . He testified that he made the trip after extensive email communication with Hassan , who promised to help Sakuragi recoup hundreds of thousands of dollars of losses in Nigerian investments if he signed a document in Guangzhou , the newspaper reported . The indictment continued that Yattabare gave Sakuragi a suitcase containing women 's platform shoes to give to a third party in Japan . Airport security staff subsequently found 28 bags of methamphetamine inside the soles of the shoes and in the suitcase 's handle , weighing 3.28 kg in total , the South China Morning Post reported . If found guilty , Sakuragi could face the death penalty , which can be applied under Chinese law in cases involving seizures of 50 grams or more of methamphetamine or heroin . An unidentified 50-year-old Japanese drug trafficker was executed on July 26 in the northern Chinese city of Dalian , China Daily reported . While Japan has the death penalty on its books , it is not applicable for drug crimes . Yoshihide Suga , Japan 's chief cabinet secretary , told reporters in a press conference in July that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs would provide whatever support was needed by Sakuragi , as it would to all Japanese citizens . But he added that drug crimes were punished severely not only in China but in the wider international community .	Takuma Sakuragi , a 71-year-old lawmaker , is facing drugs charges in China He is accused of trying to board a flight with 3.2 kg of methamphetamine in luggage The charges carry the death penalty in China , which executed a Japanese trafficker in July Sakuragi has pleaded not guilty , saying he was helping take a friend 's luggage
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Israel must halt West Bank settlement activity and the Palestinians need to increase West Bank security to advance the Middle East peace process , President Obama said Thursday after meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , left , meets with President Obama Thursday . "  I am confident that we can move this process forward if all the parties are willing to take on the responsibilities and meet the obligations that they 've already committed to , " Obama told reporters in a joint appearance with Abbas following the White House meeting . Abbas said his Palestinian Authority was committed to fulfilling its obligations under the 2003 Middle East road map . The two men called for immediate progress in the peace process that could lead to renewed direct talks between the Palestinians and the Israeli government . No formal Palestinian-Israeli negotiations have occurred since Israeli elections in February brought Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to power . "  What is needed right now is to resume the discussions with the current Israeli government , " Abbas said . The talks came days before Obama is scheduled to meet with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh and deliver a long-awaited speech on relations between the United States and the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt Last week , Obama pushed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for a firm Israeli commitment to Palestinian statehood as part of the so-called two-state solution -- a position strongly advocated Thursday by Abbas . Netanyahu has committed to removing illegal settlement "  outposts " but has also pledged to continue expansion , or "  natural growth , " of existing settlements . At the same time , Netanyahu has refrained from endorsing Palestinian statehood , arguing that Israel first needs security guarantees and a clear Palestinian partner for peace talks . A total of 295,000 Israelis live in the West Bank , according to the Council for Peace and Security Talks . Another 194,000 live in the disputed area of East Jerusalem . Obama said Thursday it was in the interest of Israel , the Palestinians and the United States for both sides to show their commitment to the two-state solution proposed by the 2003 road map . Watch Obama say he is a "  strong believer " in a two-state solution " "  It is in our interest to ensure that Israel is safe and secure , " he said , adding that the best way to achieve that is to create the necessary conditions to "  set the stage for a Palestinian state . " "  I 'm confident that if Israel looks long-term -- looks at its long-term strategic interests -- that it will recognize that a two-state solution is in the interests of the Israeli people as well as the Palestinians , " Obama said . At the same time , Obama said he told President Abbas "  in a frank exchange " that continuing anti-Israel sentiments and incitements in Palestinian schools , mosques and public squares were "  impediments to peace . " The Palestinian Authority headed by Abbas holds power on the West Bank , while the militant Palestinian Islamist group Hamas controls Gaza . Obama noted that Abbas is under pressure to negotiate with Hamas on creating a unified Palestinian leadership , and praised him for insisting that such a Palestinian leadership must agree to Israel 's right to exist and commit itself to peace . "  I want to publicly commend President Abbas for taking that position , because I think it 's in the interest of the Palestinian people and the people of the region , " Obama said . The struggle to balance Palestinian sovereignty and Israeli security was highlighted earlier Thursday , when Israeli anti-terror forces killed a suspected Hamas military leader in a West Bank village south of Hebron . Israel accused 45-year-old Aded El Majid Dodeen , of , among other things , involvement in suicide bombings on buses in Jerusalem . Abbas ' meeting with Obama comes at what many observers believe is a pivotal time in the Middle East peace process . "  There is a critical window of opportunity , and it would be sensible for us to pass through it , " former British Prime Minister Tony Blair told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee two weeks ago . Blair has served as the United Nations ' primary Middle East envoy since stepping down as Britain 's prime minister in 2007 . "  We have a new -LSB- United States -RSB- administration that has come in and from the outset has said , ` This is a priority for us , ' " he said . "  You have the Arab peace initiative , which signals that the Arab world is prepared to recognize Israel and to be part of this process . You have a basically unified international community position " in favor of a two-state solution . "  If we can not move this forward now , I think the risk is , there will be many people within Israel and within the Palestinian territories who will conclude it ca n't be moved forward . " But without proper security , a Palestinian state will continue to be viewed as a threat rather than an opportunity for Israelis , Blair argued . At the same time , many observers say , the Palestinians need greater economic opportunity and more complete control over their territory . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Obama says he 's "  confident " the peace process can go forward Mahmoud Abbas says Palestinian Authority committed to 2003 Mideast road map Obama , Abbas talk at White House week after Obama met with Israeli PM Observers believe this is a pivotal time in the Middle East peace process
Steubenville , Ohio  CNN  -- A computer forensics expert testified Thursday about text messages to and from one of two Steubenville , Ohio , football players accused of raping a drunken teenage girl . The testimony from Joann Gibb of the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation came on the second day of a case that focuses heavily on texts , cell phone images and social media posts surrounding the alleged sexual abuse of the 16-year-old girl in August 2012 . Two Steubenville high school football players -- Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 -- are accused of sexually assaulting the girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August . The teens are charged with rape . Mays also charged with illegal use of a minor in nudity-oriented material . Defense attorneys say the two are innocent . According to prosecutors , Richmond and Mays each penetrated the victim 's vagina with their fingers , an act that constitutes rape under Ohio law . Prosecutors contend the text messages between Mays and his friends and classmates on August 12 detail a night of heavy drinking and the sexual abuse of the girl . The defense questioned the validity of the messages , with Mays ' attorney asking Gibb whether she could be absolutely sure the messages were from his client . "  I ca n't put a person behind a cell phone , " she said . Steubenville teens treated girl ` like a toy , ' prosecutor says Texting teens Some of the messages were between Mays and the alleged victim . In one message she asks what happened "  last night . " "  And do n't lie about anything . I need to know the truth . People keep asking . Idk  I do n't know  what to say , " the message said , according to Gibb . Mays responded that "  nothing happened last night , " telling her in the message she performed a sex act on him , Gibb testified . CNN is not identifying the girl in line with its policy of not identifying the alleged victims of sexual assault . CNN is also not identifying minors who testify at the trial but is identifying Mays and Richmond , whose names have been used by court officials and their attorneys and in multiple media accounts . Some of the messages from Mays , according to Gibb , say he had sex with the girl while in others he say the girl performed a sex act on him . One message asked Mays : " Did u do it ? " He responded , according to Gibb : "  No , lol . She could barely move . " Another message to Mays from still another friend asked "  how dead is she ? " Mays responded , according to Gibb , "  not at all , she 's looking for her phone . " Still another graphic message from Mays to a friend appeared to detail his anger over being accused of rape . "  I 'm pissed all I got was a hand job , though . I should have raped since everyone thinks I did , " the message said , according to Gibb . The testimony Thursday showed just how much of the case rests on the prosecution 's stance that the alleged victim was too drunk to consent to sex . Teen rape trial shines unwelcome spotlight on Ohio town ` Stumbling and slurring ' One of the witnesses , a college freshman who described himself as a friend of Mays and Richmond 's cousin , testified he saw the alleged victim "  stumbling and slurring her words " at the first of a series of parties that night . The next day , he testified he texted Mays from a friend 's phone asking about the alleged rape and told him he could go to jail for that . Mays responded , according to the witness , that the girl knew what she was doing . The witness said he responded : "  No , she do n't . " Asked why he said that , the witness said "  because I saw how drunk she was at the party . " On cross-examination , the witness admitted to Richmond 's attorney , Walter Madison , that he was angry by what he heard happened to the alleged victim because he considered her a friend . A police captain also testified Thursday about finding two photos of a nude girl on a cell phone belonging to Mays . Rape allegations engulf town Consent vs. non-consent The case will hinge not on consent but rather on whether Mays and Richmond knew that the girl was too impaired to know what was happening the night of the alleged attacks , prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter said in opening statements Wednesday . Six witnesses for the prosecution testified Wednesday , saying the alleged victim appeared to be drunk : stumbling , swaying and throwing up . One witness , a 17-year-old girl who went to a party with the alleged victim , said she and the girl shared a half a bottle of vodka , which they each poured into a flavored crushed ice drink . The alleged victim also had a beer and seemed to get drunk very quickly , the witness said . The party broke up about 12:30 a.m. , and the girl left with Mays and Richmond , according to the witness , who said she pleaded with her not go . The witness said she did n't see the girl again until the next day , when she picked her up at another home . She described the girl as a "  mess , " wearing her stained shirt inside-out . On cross-examination , Richmond 's attorney , Madison , asked the witness whether her view of what had happened that night had been framed by the tweets and social media posts she had seen about the victim and whether what she had seen in those messages made her angry . She said it had . Another witness , a 17-year-old friend of Richmond 's , said on cross-examination that while the girl appeared drunk , he did not believe she was unaware of what she was doing . The boy also told Mays ' attorney , Brian Duncan , that he had n't seen the girl drinking and had not witnessed Mays involved in any sexual contact with the girl . The trial , which is likely to stretch into the weekend , is moving quickly to accommodate the schedule of visiting Judge Thomas Lipps , who is presiding over the trial without a jury . A verdict is expected by Sunday . The case has cast an unwelcome spotlight on Steubenville , a small , down-on-its-luck town along the banks of the Ohio River . Critics have accused community leaders of trying to paper over rampant misconduct by players of the highly regarded Steubenville High School football team and have suggested that other students took part in the assaults or failed to do enough stop them . The case has attracted the attention of bloggers and even the loosely organized hacking group Anonymous , which have questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . CNN 's Poppy Harlow and Brian Vitagliano reproted from Steubenville , Ohio , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Computer forensics expert testifies about text messages Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond ,16 , are charged with rape They are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties Testimony will run through 8 p.m. to meet the judge 's deadline
Paris  CNN  -- Fresh political sex scandals , following closely on the Dominique Strauss-Kahn affair , have France gripped by a debate on the nation 's hidden culture of sexism and how its tough privacy laws , which prevent journalists from exposing sexual misbehavior , help perpetuate it . In the latest development , former French Education Minister Luc Ferry was talking to police as a witness Friday at the department for the protection of minors in Paris after suggesting on national television that a former government minister is known to have abused children in Marrakech , Morocco . The comments arose during a discussion on whether former International Monetary Fund head Strauss-Kahn 's supposedly well-known sexual impulsiveness had been kept quiet because it was seen as a private matter . "  All of us here probably know who I 'm talking about , " Ferry told the panel on the daily French political show "  Le Grand Journal . " Asked if he had any proof , he said , "  Of course not . But I have testimony from Cabinet members at the highest level , state authorities at the highest level . " He went on to say he had been informed "  particularly by the prime minister . " Ferry refused to name the former minister because of the privacy laws , saying , "  If I let his name out now , it 's me who will be charged and doubtlessly convicted , even if I know that the story is true . " Since the comments were made Tuesday evening , rumors have been spreading about who Ferry was talking about , with the names of several high-profile politicians being mentioned . Ferry 's comments also followed the resignation Sunday of former French Secretary of Public Affairs Georges Tron after two female colleagues accused him of sexually assaulting them while giving them foot massages . The two women told French press that the Strauss-Kahn case had inspired them to come forward . One of the women , identified only as Eloise , told French reporters , "  We will not withdraw our complaint . I am determined to see it through regardless of unpleasant things that could be spread about me . " The accumulation of affairs has brought out a flurry of personal testimony in France from highly placed women politicians and officials who now feel empowered to speak out on the issue of sexual harassment by men in politics . Christine Deviers-Joncour , mistress of former French Foreign Minister Roland Dumas , told CNN , "  In France we do n't talk about that . It never happened . I have no example . Up until now it was very difficult . "  Imagine a woman who is sexually pursued by a politician , what can she do ? Go to the justice and complain ? Immediately they will laugh at her . So I hope this will change things . " Nicole Guedj , a member of the Council of State , told CNN : "  Clearly it 's an issue . I started my career quite a long time ago and throughout its course I was faced with sexist behavior , but I was lucky enough to overcome those difficulties . " Aurelie Filipetti , Socialist Party spokeswoman , told the French media : "  In France , 80 % of the political sphere is dominated by men and male political journalists . So yes , we suffer and you harden yourself to it . You have to when you hear 15 sexist jokes in a row . It is sexual harassment disguised as humor . Some ca n't come to work wearing a skirt . " Similarly Roselyne Bachelot , current Minister of Solidarities and Social Cohesion said : "  Recently something big has been taking place : a real omerta is being lifted , reinforced by a judicial system that protects privacy . I think politicians have understood that respecting privacy has its limits now . "  Is this a good thing ? Yes , of course . How could I not rejoice the end of impunity ? "	The Strauss-Kahn affair and the Tron incident have helped raise awareness Former Education Minister Luc Ferry says he knows of an official who abused children "  I hope this will change things , " a former minister 's mistress says Roselyne Bachelot : "  How could I not rejoice the end of impunity ? "
CNN  -- Sarah Palin 's most ardent supporters in "  real America " love to suggest that those of us who do n't buy into her shtick fail to grasp why they love her , citing her realness , plain-spokenness and whatever else they can conjure up . Folks , nice try , but as a native Texan , I 've seen many politicians and wannabes over the years who had charm , wit , charisma and a twinkle in their eye . Anyone who has listened to the best football coaches the Lone Star State has to offer will tell you that they can persuade a mother and father to send their boy to hell to fetch a glass of ice water and bring him home a better man . They could teach a politician or two how to connect with average Americans . You want a media darling politician with substance ? Try the late Gov. Ann Richards , a woman who could cut you deep and beam ear-to-ear with her motherly smile . But unlike Palin , she had a host of strong ideas in her head that actually made sense and appealed to a cross-section of folks . Former Rep. Charlie Wilson , who died this week , was a smooth-talking Texan who loved to party hard . But when it came to politics , he knew how to get things done . The media loved him because he could sit with you and enjoy a beer over barbecue , give them a hilarious quote or two , and explain foreign policy better than Henry Kissinger . Why have n't I cottoned to Palin ? Because she portrays herself as a straight-talking politician who wants to lead a movement in the "  Lower 48th " -- but is nothing more than a political celebrity willing to cash every check she can grab . What truly exposed her for me ? It was the ridiculous way she reacted in opposing ways last week to two political heavyweights who used the word "  retard . " When it was reported that President Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , told a group of liberals that they were "  f ----- g retards " for threatening to run ads against fellow Democrats who were n't jumping on the health care reform bandwagon , Palin demanded his resignation . As the mother of a child with Down syndrome , Palin has often used her bully pulpit to demand respect for the mentally challenged . Nothing wrong with that . It is an issue that is close to her heart , and she should be a fierce advocate for them . Yet when one of her biggest supporters , conservative radio talk-show host Rush Limbaugh , also castigated liberals by calling them "  retards , " Palin provided him cover , even trying to explain away his comments . In an interview with Fox News Channel 's Chris Wallace , she said Limbaugh was using satire , while Emanuel was blasting those who disagree with him . But anyone who can read or listen could hear Limbaugh calling folks he disagrees with the same . Palin even went further , agreeing with Limbaugh that liberals are "  kooks . " So Emanuel and Limbaugh used the word "  retard " to describe folks they disagree with , but only Rahm was wrong ? Yep , that 's how it is in Palin 's world . The advocate for the mentally challenged was quick to pounce on someone she disagrees with politically but defended her patron saint , Rush . Sarah , when you hold yourself up as a fierce protector of the mentally challenged , politics should n't enter into the equation . Either you criticize everyone who uses a word that you consider a slur , or you come across as a crass politician who is afraid to offend your chief booster . Maybe you ought to listen to your spokeswoman , Meghan Stapleton , who thought you cared about the mentally challenged when she sent this e-mail to HotAir.com about Limbaugh 's comment : "  Gov. Palin believes crude and demeaning name-calling at the expense of others is disrespectful . " But knowing that would n't sit well with Rush , you backed off and gave him cover . If you were true to your cause , you would have demanded an on-air apology from Limbaugh and scolded him for using the word . Instead , you showed your true colors . Sarah , I have n't bought into your fake "  I 'm - a-real-American " persona . You slam the president for using teleprompters , but write crib notes on your hand to remember basic beliefs that should be easy to regurgitate . You decry the "  lamestream " media , but you bask in its glory and have joined its payroll as a Fox News contributor , even having the network build a studio in your home . Talk about media elite . You give a speech riddled with falsehoods about the president and national security , and then try to shrug them off as the "  lamestream " media attacking you . You do n't fool me , even as your legion of fans considers you the second coming of President Reagan . You quit on the people who elected you to become a political celebrity , which your presidential running mate blasted then-Sen . Barack Obama for doing . You had the opportunity to show everyone that you 're willing to take on anyone who crosses the line against those who are mentally challenged , and you failed . Please , make as much money as you can . Paraphrasing comedian Martin Lawrence , ride this train until the wheels fall off . But please , cut the crap . You 're a crass politician with no true conviction . Your actions have shown that . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Sarah Palin 's falsity shown by her different reactions to use of "  retard " Martin : President Obama 's chief of staff uses word , and Palin demands his resignation Rush Limbaugh calls liberals "  retards , " and Palin defends him , Martin writes Martin : She slams teleprompters but uses crib notes ; she hates media but works for Fox
Essex , England  CNN  With a flick of her wrist , the drum beat begins . The familiar deep sound of the tom-tom drum echoes around the makeshift studio . But this is a musical performance with a twist . For a start , the "  studio " is actually a converted barn deep in the English countryside . The woman playing the "  instrument " is Grammy Award-winning musician Imogen Heap . And the drum she 's beating does n't exist . Pioneering the fusion of wearable tech and music , Heap is in a completely different octave thanks to what she calls her Mi.Mu Gloves -- gloves that put the power to create an entire musical composition right at her fingertips . "  In the past the only way that I could interact with the computer  to make music  was by using a mouse and a keyboard and this is very two-dimensional , " explains the musical trendsetter . "  I wanted to be able to have something which ... was directly from  the  brain -- to quickly be able to manipulate sound just by intuitive gestures . " While visiting MIT 's Media Lab in 2009 , Heap met Elly Jessop , an engineer developing her own musical gloves using gestural data . Heap 's mind exploded with ideas and she soon set about putting together a team of musicians , makers , hackers and technologists to bring her ideas to life . Fast forward five years and the dream is finally becoming a reality . Known for her distinctive fusion of soft acoustic sounds , electronica and tech , the British-born artist hopes the gloves will also help bring her music to fans in a more tangible way . "  The gloves help me embody those sounds which are hidden inside the computer , for me to physicalize them and bring them out so that I can play them and the audience members will understand what I am doing -- rather than fiddling around on a keyboard and mouse which is not very clear -- I could just be doing my emails . " How it works Each glove is loaded with a myriad of sensors , buzzers and buttons that all send a chorus of information wirelessly back to computer software . It then interprets each gesture and produces sounds . "  It has sensors in the fingers that sense the bend of your finger , all of them , including the thumb , some motion sensors like accelerometers , gyroscopes , magnetometers , " explains Kelly Snook , a Mi.Mu engineer , who has been working on the gloves project since its conception almost six years ago . "  It takes all the information about your hand and the posture that you are making -- where your hand is positioned and how fast you are moving it -- and it sends all that information to the computer and then allows you to , on the computer , tell your music software what to do with each gesture . " She adds : "  It has little buzzers in your wrist that ...  vibrate  when you 've done something or you are in this mode . It 's all wireless and it 's all very seamless . " Music and movement have forever had a symbiotic relationship . But with these gloves , Heap hopes to take her stage performances a step further . "  Movement for me is key , " she says . "  I have a body and I have a mind and in my mind I have music . And it 's a very shapely , sculptural thing that 's going on . "  With the gloves I 've almost got infinite mobility and so many different ways that different actions can cross over each other and therefore make something I would n't have thought of -- I can almost jam with myself , " she laughs . "  So movement and playing with music with my hands , almost like a potter , is now becoming a reality with these gloves that I 've been developing with my team . " Musical revolution ? The gloves are already making waves among technologists and musicmakers eager to get their hands on them . Initially , the project looked to KickStarter for crowdsourced funding , and while they did n't make their target , the campaign introduced the team to a group of like-minded engineers and hackers , who still wanted to help fund the bespoke gestural gloves . They now collaborate with the team by providing data and feedback from use of their own pair . "  We found 15 people who were willing to invest quite a lot of money at this early stage and help us develop them further .  They  have their own gloves and they range from people interested in robotics , to music therapy , to storytelling , to musicians , to sound engineers and animators -- all kids of different people , " says Heap . And the gloves look set for international stardom as they 've even caught the attention of pint-sized pop princess Ariana Grande , who recently spent some time with Heap and ordered her own gloves to bring on tour next year , according to the thrilled Mi.Mu team . The team is quick to point out the idea is n't particularly new -- gestural music devices have been around for decades . But they hope they can spur the musical innovation forward . Snook says : "  We are not the first to do this , nor will we be the last . We 've just been really passionate about doing it for music and doing it on stage and breaking down the barriers between the audience and the performer and making it much more intuitive the way the performer can communicate what they are doing electronically . "  Similar to when the electric guitar came on the scene , music really changed because of that one liberating instrument and so what 's exciting to me about the glove project is the way that we could be seeing that complete shift in music making and performance . " Heap adds : "  The gloves have certainly changed the way I make music . I 'm not going to say it 's going to change the world . It 's certainly part of a big movement of wearable tech and I really hope that we can move forward the game . "	Imogen Heap is a Grammy-Award winning artist beloved for her fusion of music and tech She is taking wearable tech to new levels with her Mi.Mu music gloves Gloves use advanced motion-tracking senors and electronics to manipulate sound Heap : "  gloves help me embody those sounds which are hidden inside the computer "
CNN  -- Twenty-six years ago this week , a botched reactor safety test in a corner of what was then the Soviet Union set off the worst nuclear accident in history . The radiation effects of the April 26 , 1986 , reactor explosion were about 400 times more potent than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima during World War II , and nearly 14 times greater than the disaster last year at the Fukushima plant in Japan . Fast forward to today , and even in the exclusion zone , plants have re-grown , animals are flourishing and Chernobyl has been opened to tourists . But Chernobyl refuses to be relegated to the past . Indeed it may still be devastating the lives of millions who continue to live in the fallout zone . Aside from the potential health hazards of living in an area contaminated with radiation , domino socioeconomic effects have caused multiple problems in these regions . Chernobyl Children International , or CCI , works to help kids in the region whose lives have been impacted by a disaster that happened years before they were born . Many suffer from physical problems such as congenital heart defects . Many kids have chronic illnesses or disabilities , and many live full time in institutions . To help them , CCI sends surgical teams who in turn help train local doctors . CCI nurses teach institution staff techniques , and volunteers renovate facilities . One of CCI 's main goals going forward is a program they call "  Home of Hope , " which uses money from donations to place institutionalized kids with nearby families . For many severely disabled children there , the future is uncertain . CCI works to build community centers in affected areas , in the hopes that there will be some support system for them after they are too old to remain in institutions . Decades after the meltdown , the mission of CCI is complicated by the fact that there is no real consensus on how many of the region 's current problems can be directly attributed to Chernobyl . Only 30 people died in the immediate aftermath , either from the explosion or acute radiation syndrome . But the disaster sent a cloud of radioactive fallout over hundreds of thousands of square miles of what is now Russia , Belarus and Ukraine that would have an impact on the health of many more . More than 200,000 people were evacuated , never to return . However , a 2005 report by "  The Chernobyl Forum "  the most comprehensive to date  estimated more than 5 million remain in what have been termed "  contaminated territories , " and a quarter-million live in "  highly contaminated territories . " Ten years after the explosion , a CNN team visited Chernobyl to ascertain the long-term effects of radiation exposure for those living near Chernobyl during the accident , for cleanup workers or "  liquidators , " or for those who continued to live in areas that were classified as polluted . They found more questions than answers . Research funds were scarce . Economies of affected countries were decimated by the disaster and by the subsequent breakup of the USSR . Years later , there are n't many more definitive answers than there were then , to the question of how exactly Chernobyl has affected the lives , not just of those who lived through it , but of subsequent generations still living in these "  contaminated ' areas " Many of us have certain mental images that spring to mind when thinking of the effects of radioactive contamination : mutated animals , children with deformities and birth defects , for example . But the 2005 Chernobyl Forum report found scant evidence that this was the case . In fact , other than a marked increase in thyroid cancers in those living near the exclusion zone , the report found few definitive links to increased instances of disease or birth defects . Their conclusion ; in the 600,000 people they studied , they might expect around 4,000 extra deaths that could be directly linked to Chernobyl . The report created fierce debate among some who felt it grossly underestimated the impact of the disaster . A subsequent study titled "  The Torch Report , " commissioned by the European Green Party , put the number of extra cancer deaths alone at a much higher rate -- somewhere between 30,000 and 60,000 . Figures released by UNICEF in 2010 showed that more than 20 % of adolescent children in Belarus suffered from disabilities and chronic illness . Belarus absorbed 70 % of Chernobyl 's fallout . But the truth is , no one really knows where to lay the blame for these figures . One of the main challenges for anyone attempting to ascertain the health effects of Chernobyl radiation is that there is so much background radiation in the atmosphere to begin with . But more specifically , Chernobyl was so much more than an explosion . "  When we think about Chernobyl , most people think about the medical consequences of living with radiation , " said Kathy Ryan , a spokesperson for Chernobyl Children 's International  CCI  . "  But it 's important to understand that people are still being affected by the social and economic fallout . " After the Chernobyl disaster , millions living on previously prime farmland found that no one would import their "  contaminated " produce . The high cost of cleanup from the accident , which cost Belarus alone well over $ 200 billion , is thought to have contributed to the breakup of the Soviet Union and further crippled affected region 's economy . With diminished ways to make a living , many were -- and still are -- forced to eat food and drink water from the polluted areas where they live . Whether radiation in produce is or is not harmful , what 's certain is malnutrition is common , which often can result in illnesses and birth defects . Another factor is a sense of defeatism in Chernobyl-affected people , many of whom had to leave homes their families had lived in for generations . The International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  says displacement , poverty and fear of radiation sickness have contributed to "  suicides , drinking problems and apathy . " It 's issues like these -- prenatal alcohol exposure for example -- that have led to birth defects and illnesses in many children . As a result , many children live in institutions ; UNICEF estimates the number in Belarus alone to be nearly 10,000 . "  The children in many cases were removed from their home ... because the parents might have had issues with alcoholism or with poverty , " Ryan said . According to CCI , many kids suffer almost as much from being in an institution as they do from their disability or illness . Rebecca Fordham , communications officer from UNICEF , said that finding an alternative to institutions is a worldwide priority for them . "  It can be impersonal , " she said . "  They 're not getting the dedicated services they need , not having enough access to proper food or physical activity . " The question now , is how populations can begin to move on from the specter of Chernobyl ? Reports by the U.N. Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation  UNSCEAR  and the World Health Organization claim that much of the land designated as "  contaminated " by the former Soviet Union actually contains radiation levels not much higher than vast areas considered "  safe . " In fact , by the USSR 's standards , it 's not just the former Soviet republics that should be concerned . . "  Some 45,000 square kilometers in Western Europe have measurable levels of radioactivity in the soil from Chernobyl above the criterion applied in the former Soviet Union to designate ` contaminated ' areas , " said UNSCEAR Secretary Malcolm Crick . And yet , those areas have experienced nowhere near the alienation and economic impact of much of Belarus and Ukraine . How many areas are still "  contaminated , " and what does that mean ? Does lingering radiation adversely affect the health of residents , and is there still a danger from eating food grown there ? These are questions that many not have answers to for some time to come . In the meantime , a priority for CCI volunteers is simply to spend time with the kids , hug them , show them some love , and help them look forward to some kind of future -- whatever their link to the explosion that so altered their past . "  We 're not scientists ; we 're humanitarians , " Ryan said . "  We just do n't want these people to be forgotten . "	A botched reactor safety test set off the worst nuclear disaster in history in 1986 About 5 million people remain in what have been termed ` contaminated territories ' Kathy Ryan : "  People are still being affected by the social and economic fallout . " CCI helps children from contaminated areas who are negatively impacted
CNN  -- If there was ever a reunion for teen soap "  The O.C. , " which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this week , former star Adam Brody would want it to be in the theater .  Like there was n't enough drama . The 33-year-old actor starred in the series as the lovably sarcastic Seth Cohen , and he told CNN that he can envision "  The O.C. " as a stage production . "  I 'll do ` The O.C. Reunion : The Play , ' " he said . "  I 'd like to do it on stage ... I think that 's where it should live . " And if the public demanded a musical , Brody would comply . "  I ca n't sing really , but I 'll do my best , " he joked . "  I 'll take the very low notes . " Since "  The O.C. " ended in 2007 , Brody has lined up a number of movie projects , including Friday 's release , "  Lovelace . " The film , directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman , tells the story of adult actress Linda Lovelace . Brody plays Lovelace 's "  Deep Throat " co-star , Harry Reems . Aside from seeing "  Deep Throat , " Brody said he prepared by watching " ` The Devil in Miss Jones , ' the next porn with Harry Reems , and I read his biography from the '70s -- very lighthearted , before he sort of fell on hard times and resurrected himself . " But when it came to Reems ' unmistakable porn ` stache , the actor says he failed to live up to the task . "  To be perfectly honest , I did n't have the follicles nor the time to grow what I really needed to grow , " he said . "  Harry Reems is the first male porno star . This is the quintessential porno ` stache . This is the ground zero for a porn ` stache , this is where it all began , so yeah , it is a lot to live up to . Unfortunately , I got the part a little bit on short notice ; I would have liked a little more time . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	"  The O.C. " star Adam Brody is up for a reunion If it were to happen , he 'd want it to be on stage This weekend he 's starring in the Linda Lovelace biopic "  Lovelace " Brody says he did n't have enough time to grow his character 's porn ` stache
Departures  -- When San Francisco law firm operations director Jeffrey Lais was due for a well-earned vacation , he booked himself a first-class ticket to Munich on Lufthansa . Once aboard the German carrier 's A346 , he was led to his first-class suite , where a spacious leather seat and ottoman ran the length of four airplane windows and various compartments overflowed with noise-canceling headphones , menus , pajamas and slippers . After a dinner of caviar , prawn confit , duck breast and an assortment of French cheeses , a flight attendant converted Lais 's seat into a mattress-topped flatbed -- complete with duvet and giant pillows -- and showed him how to seal his seat from view with a privacy screen for the rest of the 12-hour flight . There 's no doubt about it , first class makes travel better . As airlines stave off bankruptcy by cutting amenities and services to their economy classes , there seems to be a shield around the almighty first class . According to the International Air Transport Association , this is because upper-class passengers , although a small minority among international air travelers , account for almost a third of airline revenues . It 's not surprising , then , that recent reports show that cabin modifications , especially those that favor upper-class travelers , are the fastest-growing segment of the airline MRO  maintenance , repair and overhaul  industry . Departures.com : World 's most scenic walks "  In order to stay competitive , airlines need to keep pace with the rapidly changing demands of corporate travelers , " says Nigel Page , Emirates ' vice president of commercial operations . "  That 's why we consistently invest in refining and enhancing our first-class product . " The Dubai-based carrier delivers on its promise -- thus far , it 's the only airline to offer showers for first-class passengers aboard its fleet of 21 A380 jets . And in-flight showers are n't the only perks offered to today 's first-class travelers . Swiss ' new first class , launched in 2009 , offers a spacious executive desk for one that converts to a comfortable dining table for two  for those who want dinner company  ; Lufthansa added cabin humidifiers , and trumped the seat-to-flatbed race by adding both a flatbed and a chair to each first-class suite on their 747s . Of course , no matter how opulent the cabins get , the best part of first-class flying may be off the plane . Says Lais , whose personal Lufthansa escort expedited his passage through airport security and passport control , "  As much as the free-flowing caviar and throne-like seat add to the exclusivity of first class , it 's the level of on-the-ground attention that makes all the difference . " Singapore Airlines They might sound like the dimensions of a Super Barbie , but 78-23-35 are the specs for the first-class suites exclusively offered on Singapore Airlines ' A380s . They represent bed length , entertainment screen size and seat width  in inches  , respectively . Created by luxury yacht designer Jean-Jacques Coste , the suites were an industry game-changer when introduced in 2007 . The fully encapsulated cabins , where you can dine on lobster thermidor and rack of lamb , feature beds accented with hand-stitched Italian leather , trimmed in burrwood and topped with a plush mattress and Givenchy bedding . Units in the center of the cabin can be combined to form a double bed , ideal for couples . singaporeair.com Swiss What good is a vintage Madame Cuvée and a bone china plate piled with rare Alpine cheeses if you do n't have someone to enjoy it with ? That 's the genius behind Swiss 's new first-class cabin . Just when most carriers were adding über-private pods in first , Swiss bucked the trend and created a superior seat with adjustable partitions and room to dine for two . The cabin also features handsome wood paneling and seats whose unique air-cushion technology has won best seat design awards from Global Traveler magazine for the past two years . When dinner is over , adjust the wall partition to allow for privacy . swiss.com Emirates Exclusive to the fourteen first-class passengers aboard its A380s , Emirates ' Shower Spas afford guests the mile-high luxury of a hot , five-minute in-air shower . Not only do the cabins ' two bathrooms have a shower stall , they also have a marble sink , Timeless Spa toiletries and heaps of fluffy towels . The onboard lounge offers snacks like labneh balls and Iranian caviar , while the private suites -- each with a sliding door -- have their own refrigerated mini-bar , adjustable ambient lighting and vanity table with mirror . Massage-enabled leather seats convert to flatbeds , which are topped by plush mattresses after dinner . emirates.com Departures.com : Top yoga retreats Etihad Airways Voted best first class two years in a row by airline-review website Skytrax , Etihad 's Diamond first-class suites are arranged in a one-one configuration , each individually sealed off behind Jaali screen -- style sliding doors . Inside , you 'll find 23-inch entertainment screens loaded with games and the latest film releases , personal mini-bars and chestnut Italian leather seats from Poltrona Frau  Ferrari 's leather experts  , which convert to a 80-inch flatbed topped with Dupioni silk and cotton duvets . Changing rooms/toilets feature a full-length vanity mirror and amenity kits by Swarovski and La Prairie . etihadairways.com Departures.com : Worlds top walking cities Japan Airlines At first glance , the JAL Suites aboard the carrier 's 777s seem to offer nothing new . But a closer inspection reveals a host of discreet high-tech elements and minimalist design details . Leather seats are ergonomically designed , oversized lap trays  where you can tuck into "  anytime " dishes like Wagyu burgers and udon noodles  are height-adjustable and ottomans double as optional guest seating . Reading lights have six brightness settings , while the mattresses , jointly developed by JAL and Tempur , are designed to evenly distribute the pressure and weight of your body . Throw in the signature Symphony pillows made with their marshmallow-like texture , and a good night 's sleep is all but guaranteed . jal.co.jp Lufthansa Lufthansa recently trumped the industry 's seat-to-flatbed race by halving the number of first-class suites aboard its 747s and giving each a seat and a bed . But first-class cabins on the carrier 's A380s go even further by offering the industry 's first automated air humidifiers  which regulate cabin humidity for passenger comfort  . The serene caramel-and-chocolate-hued suites are equipped with sound-absorbing curtains and noise-neutralizing floor insulation , plus six-and-a-half-foot beds topped with plush mattresses and cozy duvets . lufthansa.com Cathay Pacific A private entrance leads to the first-class cabin on Cathay 's 777s , where just six tranquil pods create a spacious herringbone layout that optimizes passenger privacy . Inside the pods are wall-mounted vases filled with orchids , wood-grain partitions and ample-sized flatbeds with extra-large pillows . Amenity kits from Ermenegildo Zegna and Aesop sweeten the deal , as do personal closets filled with shoe bags and "  sleep suits " from Shanghai Tang . cathaypacific.com Departures.com : World 's most opulent villas ANA Like those of JAL , ANA 's first-class Suite Squares require a second look to be fully appreciated . The high-tech aluminum cubicles , available only on the airline 's 777 flights between New York and Tokyo , are laid out in a one-two-one configuration ; each features lap rugs made from bamboo fiber , separate cocktail tables , laptop drawers , wood-grain wallpaper and 23-inch touch-screen LCD TVs  which passengers can use to order dishes like spiny lobster dumplings in multicourse Kaiseki menus  . First-class washrooms also feature the industry 's first in-air electronic bidet toilets . ana.co.jp Jet Airways The eight first-class suites aboard Jet Airways ' fleet of 777s offer passengers 26 square feet of private space . Hidden behind Venetian sliding doors , each suite contains its own personal light settings and wardrobe drawers for storing necessaries . Chairs come with variable lumbar support and an eight-point massage system and convert to spacious 83-inch beds , where you can actually toss and turn while watching over 100 Hollywood  and Bollywood  movies on the 23-inch LCD screen . If you 're still restless , you can poke around the gigantic virtual e-book and audio-book library , or even study a foreign language with a Berlitz Word Traveler course . jetairways.com Korean Air Over the past four years , Korean Air spent $ 200 million upgrading its cabins , which include five A380 jets . In first class , the redesign has meant the comfy , elegant Kosmo Suites -- 83-inch-long compartments encased in wood-grained shells , with leather interiors in cream and sea-green hues . The suites contain personalized storage compartments , reading lights and wide-screen TVs with upgraded AVOD  audio video on demand  systems , plus Bose headphones . koreanair.com Departures.com : Top spring travel destinations Do you fly first class ? Which airline does it best ? What would you like to see added to the service ? Share your thoughts in the comments below . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	As airlines stave off bankruptcy , there seems to be a shield around the almighty first class First class on Swiss offers a spacious executive desk that converts to a dining table The Dubai-based carrier Emirates offer showers for first-class passengers
