Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Exactly 10 years ago , a brutal civil war was being fought in Afghanistan as rebels advanced on the Taliban in the capital , Kabul . From the former five-star Intercontinental Hotel -- a luxury hotel without TVs which were banned by the Taliban -- we watched as the rebels launched a daring raid on the airport . We could see the rockets flying in and flames coming from the fuel dumps and damaged aircraft . A few hours later we heard about the attacks in the United States . The Intercontinental was where we watched the civil war , and where we were on 9/11 though the TV ban meant bizarrely we could not watch those events , and it was where the Taliban foreign minister denied Osama bin Laden 's involvement . This year it came under attack from the Taliban . It 's in the heart of Kabul and could symbolize the fragility of progress . A few months ago the Taliban were able to storm the Intercontinental and put up a three-hour gun battle that eventually involved NATO coming in to quell . That 's part of the story here . There 's the appearance of security but the Taliban can mount complex attacks . The security we see is a veneer and that 's in the capital . Meanwhile the rest of the country is open to violence and Taliban intimidation . In Kabul now , you can walk the streets but you ca n't set a pattern without opening up the risk of kidnap . For Afghans , the city is relatively safe . People blame the police for a lot of bribery at the various checkpoints . But the city has improved . It 's much greener because the irrigation systems have been repaired and that makes the city look and feel brighter . Under the Taliban so much had been destroyed and it was always dusty . Now there are new hotels being built and lots of brand new glass in the windows . The city looks and feels much better than it did but that does not make the place secure and right now the city is on very , very high alert . There are more checkpoints and the searches are much more thorough . Everyone is aware the Taliban can launch complex attacks , like the one on the Intercontinental , and the anniversary of 9/11 would be a prime time for them . Any moment when they can launch an attack that makes them look bigger or stronger than they are , they will exploit because of the worldwide headlines it would generate . The thing about being in Kabul on 9/11 is we could not see any of the images because the Taliban had banned TV . We could only visualize it through what others were telling us . I was on the phone to my wife when the second plane hit the World Trade Center and at that moment I knew it was terrorism and most likely Osama bin Laden . He was the only one launching these ` spectacular ' attacks against the U.S. that we had seen previously with the USS Cole and the embassies in Tanzania and Kenya . Back then , eventually the Taliban said it was not safe for us . Under Afghan culture when they invite you into the country they protect you . This was their way of saying we needed to leave . It was only when we were kicked out of the country about 10 days later that I got to see the damage from 9 / 11 for the first time . One of the hardest lessons over the past decade is the failure of the international community to step up . It 's frustrating that the window of opportunity that was there at the beginning was missed -- when all the Afghans wanted was weapons and warlords to be removed and disarmed so that they could have a normal life . But the commitment that the international community gave was only sufficient only for its own needs - enough troops only to chase out al Qaeda -- and did not address the fundamental problem of Afghans . Then the humanitarian money over the following years did not measure up to the task and the Taliban took advantage of that and exploited it . It 's also frustrating to realize -- without trying to heap all the blame on one person -- the failings or weaknesses of President Hamid Karzai have limited what can be achieved in the country . When I first interviewed him he said the right things -- he wanted peace and stability for the whole country -- but he has failed to deliver , ran a corrupt regime and been accused by many of lying . One of the big political issues now is to get agreement on the number of U.S. forces that can be based in Afghanistan . That will set in stone the future relationship between the two countries . I do n't think anyone expects good security in the near-term . There are no quick fix solutions to the fight with the Taliban . There is a sense among Western officials that the Taliban is getting worn down and worn out but that is not what the Taliban says . They say they are ready to fight until the occupying force , NATO , leaves the country . The scene is being set for a continuation of what we have already seen and as coalition forces draw down the Taliban will take any advantage . On a personal level when there were the 7/7 attacks in London 2005 I was in the U.S. and it made me very concerned about my family and I felt the same in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 . I spend a lot of time examining the al Qaeda threat , and while I am happy that I put it in perspective and do n't overblow it in my own my mind , I am very aware of what that threat could be . So if there is a heightened threat warning I would advise my friends and family to be cautious .	The Intercontinental Hotel has entertained diplomats and come under Taliban attack One of the hardest lessons of the past decade is the failure of the international community to step up President Karzai 's weaknesses have also limited what can be achieved in the country Kabul enjoys a veneer of security but the rest of the country is open to Taliban violence
CNN  -- No doubt there is a sizeable audience primed for the latest Nicholas Sparks flick , and chances are quite a chunk of that crowd is looking forward to seeing how former teen idol Zac Efron sizes up now he 's graduated from "  High School Musical . " Well , he 's bulked up quite a bit , and he 's sporting something a little more than stubble , but the strong , silent type is not his natural forte . In "  The Lucky One , " Efron plays Logan , a Marine with three tours of Iraq under his belt . If he 's come out alive he owes it to the photograph of a pretty girl he picks up in the rubble one day -- a snapshot that seems like a lucky talisman , protecting him while so many of his comrades fall . Back home , he swears he will track down his guardian angel and tell her what she has meant to him . The lighthouse in the background gives him a clue as to where to start . They say that some soldiers develop a thousand-yard stare in combat . Whether that 's what the 24-year-old star was aiming for is hard to say , but he sleepwalks through this tearjerker with a blank look and delivers his  admittedly awful  lines with numb detachment . If Efron 's going to make it as leading man he 's going to have to dig a lot deeper than this . Because nature abhors a vacuum , Taylor Schilling  "  Mercy "  steps it up and brings at least a modicum of life to the party as Beth , the divorced Louisiana kennel-owner who happens to be in the market for a dog walker . Having walked all the way from Colorado with his German Shepherd Zeus , Logan seems disturbingly well qualified . As for the plot , there is n't one . Beth has a gifted , but insecure son  Riley Thomas Stewart  , one of those wry grandmas you see in this kind of movie  Blythe Danner  , and an ex-husband with a sheriff 's badge and a real bad attitude  Jay R. Ferguson , from "  Mad Men "  . Logan walks the dogs , mends the guttering , fixes the tractor and bonds with the boy . No wonder Beth gets into a lather washing the dishes as she watches him . He even gets her motorboat ticking over again . Director Scott Hicks  "  Shine "  bathes the whole show in an amber halo that makes the Deep South look like an antiseptic shampoo commercial and shies away from anything that might be dramatically sticky , complex or even halfway interesting . The ex is such a boorish bully it 's laughable when Logan assures him he 's "  not a bad guy "  this after the drunken cop has threatened to shoot him and his dog  ; Logan himself has the opposite problem -- he 's just too good to be true . It 's nice to see that Sparks believes in virtue and decency and everyone just getting along . But virtue untested is not much of a subject , and this slight , unconvincing romance is a walk on the mild side .	The strong , silent type is not Zac Efron 's natural forte Efron plays Logan , a Marine with three tours of Iraq under his belt Taylor Schilling plays Beth , a divorced kennel-owner in the market for a dog walker
CNN  Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial over her role in a controversial rice subsidy scheme that cost the country billions . The first court hearing will take place on May 19 , a statement from Thailand 's supreme court said . "  This case falls under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court Criminal Division for Persons Holding Political Positions ... and the charges brought -LSB- against Yingluck -RSB- are accepted , " the statement said . If found guilty , she could face up to 10 years in prison . On her Facebook page , Yingluck said she behaved with integrity and honesty during her time as prime minister . "  I pledge that I have followed correct proceedings of the constitution , laws of the country in every way . " The rice subsidy program , introduced in 2011 , pledged to pay farmers well above the market rate for their crop . But critics said it wasted large amounts of public funds trying to please rural voters , hurting exports and leaving the government with large stockpiles of rice it could n't sell without losing money . Anger over the scheme played a role in the protests that led to the downfall of Yingluck 's government and a military coup in May last year . In January , Thailand 's military-appointed National Legislative Assembly  NLA  voted in favor of impeaching Yingluck for her role in the rice program . Though the vote was largely symbolic , as she had already lost her post , it carries a five-year ban from politics . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and journalist Kiki Dhitavat in Bangkok contributed to this report .	Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial The first court hearing will take place on May 19 Case centers on her role in controversial rice subsidy scheme
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- Demonstrators clapped along to Soviet-era songs as dancers from Russia 's Black Sea fleet entertained the masses at the center of Crimea 's administrative capital Sunday . But it was more than just nostalgia for the old Soviet Union . With a controversial referendum over whether Crimea will remain part of Ukraine just a week away , it was a rallying cry for ethnic Russians gathered in Simferopol 's Lenin Square . The large demonstration was the latest flashpoint as tensions simmer on the Crimean peninsula , which has become the epicenter of a battle for influence among Moscow , Kiev and the West since Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's ouster last month . Pro-Russian forces have pushed into the Black Sea peninsula in a bloodless siege , prompting criticism from Western nations and Ukraine 's interim government . At Sunday 's rally , throngs of people waved Crimean and Russian flags . And they said they want one thing : a union with Russia . Because of language and history , one man at the rally told CNN , Russia and Crimea are already "  brothers . " But not all Crimeans are convinced . Across town , beneath a statue of Ukraine 's most celebrated poet , the crowd was much smaller , the mood much more somber . Asked what he thought about the possibility of Crimea becoming part of Russia , one demonstrator shook his head . "  It will be very complicated because of economics , and a lot of different nations live here , not only Russians . ... Not all of the people want to be part of Russia , " he said . "  It 's kind of show . Putin 's show . " The rally was peaceful . But elsewhere , in the Crimean port of Sevastopol , another Ukrainian rally came under attack by pro-Russian gangs who whipped and beat demonstrators . In Kiev , thousands of people gathered at a rally for peace at the central Independence Square , the cradle of the protests that ousted Yanukovych . The crowd shouted slogans such as "  Glory for Ukraine " and "  Putin go away " as representatives of different religions prayed for a solution to the crisis . Putin speaks with Merkel , Cameron While the autonomous Ukrainian region was the scene of emotional demonstrations by both sides , Russian President Vladimir Putin defended the breakaway moves by the pro-Russian leaders of Crimea in conversations with two world leaders on Sunday , In separate phone calls with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister David Cameron , Putin underlined "  steps being taken by Crimea 's legitimate authorities ... being based on international law on behalf of the interests of the population there , " according to a Kremlin statement . Putin also said new Ukrainian authorities were doing nothing "  to curb ultra-nationalist and radical forces committing outrages " in Kiev and other regions . The three leaders spoke amid tensions on the Black Sea peninsula that have escalated since the Moscow-backed regional parliament voted to leave Ukraine for Russia and announced a March 16 referendum to give Crimeans an opportunity to vote on the idea . Despite the differences of opinion over what is happening on the ground , the Kremlin statement said there was consensus on the need to de-escalate tensions and normalize the situation . It 's unclear what could happen next in the tense standoff , but Sunday 's phone conversations between Putin , Cameron and Merkel send one clear message , CNN analyst and Russian journalist Vladimir Pozner said . "  I think it shows that President Putin is very worried by the situation . I think speculation that he 's trying to rebuild the Soviet empire are way off base , " Pozner said . "  I think he knows all too well the necessity of Russia having an international relationship with the West . ... My hope is , with all the escalations going on , that there 's a real chance of finding some way out of this very dangerous situation . " Moscow has denounced the events that led to Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup and has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities , putting the two countries on a collision course over control of Crimea , which has longstanding ties to Russia and has thousands of Russian troops stationed there . Putin has said Russia has the right to protect Russians living in the former Soviet republic . Pro-Russian forces are now in de facto control of the region ahead of the referendum , which Kiev says is illegal . Washington has warned Moscow that any moves to annex Crimea would close the door to diplomacy . On Saturday , U.S. President Barack Obama rounded up world leaders to demand Russia "  de-escalate the situation . " Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk will fly to the United States this week to discuss the crisis in Crimea , as hostilities in the eastern European country 's southern region intensify . Yatsenyuk is expected to arrive in the United States on Wednesday , a spokeswoman from his press office told CNN . The White House confirmed the visit and said the two will talk about the Russian military incursion and economic support for Ukraine . Referendum becomes focus Putin last week secured permission from his parliament to use military force to protect Russian citizens in Ukraine . The move came within days after Yanukovych 's flight from the country . Yanukovych was ousted after three months of protests against a decision to spurn a free trade deal with the European Union and turn toward closer ties with Moscow . A convoy of military vehicles , believed to be carrying Russian soldiers , traveled through Simferopol on Saturday , heading toward the border post at Armyansk , a spokesman for the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense told CNN . Armyansk is one of the main access points into Crimea from the rest of Ukraine . Dozens of military observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe have tried to cross into Crimea for three days but have been refused entry by armed men . They did not attempt a crossing on Sunday . The referendum on whether the Crimean Peninsula should join Russia has become the focus of the Ukraine crisis . Yatsenyuk has called it "  an illegitimate decision . " "  If there is an annexation of Crimea , if there is a referendum that moves Crimea from Ukraine to Russia , we wo n't recognize it , nor will most of the world , " U.S. deputy national security adviser Tony Blinken said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  So I think you 'd see , if there are further steps in the direction of annexing Crimea , a very strong , coordinated international response . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Arkady Irshenko , Azadeh Ansari and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report	Pro- and anti-Russian groups hold rival rallies in Crimea Putin speaks with British PM , German Chancellor about the situation there CNN analyst : Putin is "  very worried by the situation " The Ukrainian prime minister is expected to arrive in the United States on Wednesday
Washington  CNN  The Justice Department is preparing to bring criminal corruption charges against Sen. Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat , alleging he used his Senate office to push the business interests of a Democratic donor and friend in exchange for gifts . People briefed on the case say Attorney General Eric Holder has signed off on prosecutors ' request to proceed with charges , CNN first reported . An announcement could come within weeks . Prosecutors are under pressure in part because of the statute of limitation on some of the allegations . Menendez told reporters Friday night he has "  always conducted myself appropriately and in accordance with the law . " He added : "  And I am not going anywhere . " Menendez said that because of an ongoing investigation he could n't answer questions at the news conference , held in Newark . The case could pose a high-profile test of the Justice Department 's ability to prosecute sitting lawmakers , having already spawned a legal battle over whether key evidence the government has gathered is protected by the Constitution 's Speech and Debate clause . The FBI and prosecutors from the Justice Department 's public integrity section , have pursued a variety of allegations against Menendez , who has called the probe part of "  smear campaign " against him . The government 's case centers on Menendez 's relationship with Salomon Melgen , a Florida ophthalmologist who the senator has called a friend and political supporter . Melgen and his family have been generous donors to the senator and various committees the senator is associated with . RELATED : FBI agents search office of Florida doctor known as Senator 's donor Investigators have focused in part on plane trips Menendez took in 2010 to the Dominican Republic as a guest of Melgen . In 2013 , after word of the federal investigation became public , Menendez paid back Melgen $ 58,000 for the 2010 plane trips calling his failure to properly disclose the flights an "  oversight . " Menendez said he has been friends with Melgen for more than 20 years and the two families have spent holidays and other special occasions together . One of the highest ranking Hispanic members of Congress , Menendez is a former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . He has become one of the Obama administration 's most vocal Democratic opponents on two key foreign policy matters -- President Obama 's decision to ease the trade embargo against Cuba and also his effort to engage direct negotiations with Iran over that country 's nuclear program . Menendez advocated on Melgen 's behalf with federal Medicare administrators who accused Melgen of overbilling the government 's healthcare program , according to court documents and people briefed on the probe . Melgen was among the top recipients of Medicare reimbursements in recent years , during a time when he was also a major Democratic donor . Melgen 's attorneys have denied any wrongdoing . Prosecutors also are focusing on whether Menendez broke the law in advocating for Melgen 's business interest in a Dominican Republic government contract for a port screening equipment . The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency , at the time , considered donating port screening equipment to the Dominican Republic , which would have hurt the contract of Melgen-controlled company . Menendez , now serving his second full term as senator , led the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee from 2009-2011 . During a Senate subcommittee hearing in 2012 , Menendez did n't mention ICSSI , Melgen 's company , by name , but he did press Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Matthew Rooney about an unnamed company who had a contract to X-ray cargo that went through all Dominican ports -- a contract that , he said , Dominican authorities "  do n't want to live by . " "  If those countries can get away with that , they will , " the senator said . "  And that puts American companies at a tremendous disadvantage . " Menendez 's office said at the time the senator 's interest was based on his efforts to combat narcotrafficking in the region . Other lines of inquiry against Menendez had included allegations he solicited prostitutes in the Dominican Republic , and that he violated the law helping win permanent U.S. residency for two Ecuadorian banking magnates , the Isaias brothers . The prostitution allegations collapsed after the purported prostitutes recanted their story , and the FBI did n't find evidence of wrongdoing in the Isaias matter , according to people briefed on the probe . The FBI probe has already spawned a legal battle between the government , Menendez and his former aides . Last week , the Third Circuit Court of Appeals briefly posted , apparently by accident , documents detailing legal efforts to block certain evidence and testimony the government wants to use . The documents were quickly put back under seal , but not before a reporter with the New Jersey Law Journal secured a copy and later published a story . According to the documents , Menendez 's lawyers have sought to claim emails and testimony from aides is protected by the constitutional protections given to members of Congress in carrying out their duties . The speech and debate clause prohibits questioning of members of Congress about "  legislative acts or the motivation for legislative acts . " The fight centers in part on the Justice Department 's attempt to compel testimony from Menendez 's aides , some of whom have refused to answer questions to a grand jury . According to the documents , the government wants to question aides about a series of 2012 calls and meetings on Melgen 's fight with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services , a federal agency . Among these is a meeting among Mendedez , Sen. Harry Reid and then Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . The government is also pushing to use emails between Menendez 's office and a CBP official about the Dominican ports issue . A federal district court ruled in favor of the government to compel testimony from Menendez 's aides , but the appeals court reversed the ruling and ordered a hearing . "  The parties primarily dispute the legislative character of Senator Menendez 's two conversations with -LSB- then acting CMS administrator Marilyn -RSB- Tavenner and his meeting with Secretary Sebelius , " the appeals court said . "  These communications are not manifestly legislative acts because they are informal communications with executive branch officials , one of whom was at the time a presidential nominee whose nomination was pending before the United States senate . "	An announcement from the Justice Department could come in weeks Case will be a test of ability to prosecute sitting lawmakers
CNN  -- Beyond the noise of raucous crowds and angry protesters who have turned town hall meetings into shouting matches is genuine concern from ordinary citizens who are afraid that President Obama 's health care proposals would only make things harder for them , experts say . The battle over health care reform has energized people on both sides of the debate . "  The reason that we see these protests and people asking tough questions at town hall meetings is because they feel like the president is going to take something away from them . That motivates people . That gets them out , " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank . Those fears were heard Tuesday at Democratic Sen. Arlen Specter 's town hall meeting in Lebanon , Pennsylvania . "  This is going to take away my freedom , " charged one man who wanted assurance from Specter that the private option for health insurance would stay viable . Specter repeated Obama 's pledge , telling the crowd , "  If you like your policy , you can keep it . " Acknowledging the skepticism at a town hall meeting Tuesday , Obama tried to alleviate fears that reform would take something away . "  I recognize there 's an underlying fear here that people somehow wo n't get the care they need . You will have not only the care you need , but also the care that right now is being denied to you , only if we get health care reform . That 's what we 're fighting for , " he said at the Portsmouth , New Hampshire , event . Since his days on the campaign trail , Obama has promised the public that those who like their health insurance plans wo n't have to give them up , but he 's stopped short of saying at what cost . "  I think that 's the fear , " said Diana Owen , an associate professor of political science and the director of American studies at Georgetown University . "  Even though they are going to keep the plan , the plan is going to be at a much greater cost . And he 's not been able to really allay that fear . " Watch what happened at Specter 's town hall meeting " The themes coming up at town hall meetings across the country are broadly the same as doubts expressed during the campaign . Critics are voicing fears about socialism and the dismantling of the government they are used to . And those who have sufficient health care coverage worry they 'll have to foot the bill for reform , echoing concerns heard during the presidential campaign that Obama would "  spread the wealth around . " "  That was one of the campaign critiques of Obama that seemed to work well , that seemed to resonate well , " Owen said . "  I really do think that it was an issue , and I think the opponents of the health care plan , by bringing that back up again ... I think that it could be an effective obstacle to what he 's trying to accomplish . " Obama originally asked Congress to send him a health care bill before the August recess , but neither chamber met the deadline . As lawmakers spend the break in their home districts , they 've been met with sometimes fierce opposition to Obama 's proposals . "  It 's not anti-reform -- it 's anti-bad reform , " Cannon said . "  I think the public is reacting to what 's in the legislation . And I think that 's why the president wanted the House and the Senate to pass their versions before the August recess , because the president knew that the public would object to a lot of what is in these bills . " The White House , however , said that Obama "  asked Congress to move quickly because we ca n't wait any longer to begin fixing what 's wrong with our system . " iReport.com : Are you attending a town hall ? Share photos , video Obama 's health care battle has been compared to former President Clinton 's failed effort more than 15 years ago , but lawmakers did n't experience the same backlash during the Clinton years . Part of the reason was because of the calendar , CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said . Clinton proposed his plan in September 1993 , and by the time Congress went on recess in August 1994 , the plan was dead . People also did n't use the Internet the way they use it today , "  so you did n't have the viral communications that rally people to attend town halls , " Schneider noted . Today 's hypersaturated media , where rumor is picked up as fact and disseminated to millions via blogs and discussion boards , has contributed to the misinformation being lobbed at lawmakers , Owen said . Coming out of one of her town hall meetings Monday , Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said that "  people are just getting information that 's flat wrong . " But as unfounded as some of the claims may be , such as charges that Obama will set up death panels to decide who will live or die , the emotional appeals resonate with the public . "  I do n't think that this is debate that is going to go away , " Owen said , noting that given the outpouring seen at the town hall meetings , Congress ca n't just pick up where it left off when it returns from break . "  I think the public is going to remain engaged and energized . " Cannon said the debate has "  stunted the president 's momentum " and will make it harder for his administration to get through the types of reforms they were hoping for . Cannon predicted that Obama 's plan will fail , but advocates "  are going to try more incremental reforms to improve the health care sector . " The same thing happened after the Clinton plan failed . Congress passed less sweeping reform like the State Children 's Health Insurance Program  SCHIP  and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  HIPAA  . iReport.com : Share views on health care reform Owen said the response to his proposals has likely been "  a stark awakening to -LSB- Obama -RSB- about maybe on this particular issue , he 's going to need a new tactic . " "  When Congress comes back they 'll have to kind of rethink the plan and rethink particularly how they present it to the public . and that means the Obama administration as well , " she said .	People fear they 'll have something taken away from them , Michael Cannon says Obama promises those with coverage they like can keep it Concerns coming up at town hall meetings echo sentiments from the campaign Congress will have to "  rethink the plan " after recess , Diana Owen says
Romulus , Michigan  CNN  -- A passenger on an international flight bound for the United States Friday ignited a small explosive device shortly before landing in a move the White House called an attempted terrorist attack , a senior administration official said . Another passenger on the Northwest flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , quickly helped subdue and isolate the young male suspect with the aid of the cabin crew , passenger Syed Jafry said . The suspect , identified by a U.S. government official as 23-year-old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , was placed in custody and is being treated for second - and third-degree burns on his thighs , according to federal law enforcement and airline security sources . The sources said the suspect flew into Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam on a KLM flight from Lagos , Nigeria , and is not believed to be on any "  no fly " list , although his name does appear in a U.S. database of people with suspect connections . He did not undergo secondary security screening in Amsterdam , the administration official said . The administration official said there was no evidence that Abdulmatallab was a hard-core , trained member of al-Qaeda . The suspect , identified as a Nigerian national , claimed to have extremist ties and said the explosive device "  was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used , " said a federal security bulletin obtained by CNN . The FBI is investigating , bureau spokeswoman Sandra Berchtold said . The remains of the device used are being sent to an FBI explosives lab in Quantico , Virginia , for analysis , the sources said . President Obama , who is spending the holidays in his home state of Hawaii , was briefed on the incident during a secure phone call with aides , and instructed in a subsequent discussion with security advisers "  that all appropriate measures be taken to increase security for air travel , " said White House spokesman Bill Burton . The president made no changes to his schedule , Burton said . The Department of Homeland Security issued a statement Friday saying that air passengers "  may notice additional screening measures put into place to ensure the safety of the traveling public on domestic and international flights . " Passengers described the brief moments of panic on board as screams erupted and flight attendants ran for fire extinguishers . Jafry , who was sitting in seat 16G , said the plane was just beginning to descend when passengers heard a pop . "  Everybody got a little bit startled , " he said . "  After a few seconds or so ... there was ... kind of a flamish light and there was fire " and people around the immediate area began to panic . One woman told CNN affiliate WDIV that a man threw a blanket over the suspect 's legs to help put out the small fire . "  It was terrifying , " Richelle Keepman said . "  I think we all thought we were n't going to land , we were n't going to make it . " Passenger Elias Fawaz told WDIV that the explosion sounded "  like a balloon being popped " and said he could smell smoke . WDIV coverage of plane incident Jafry said the incident was under control within minutes , crediting the crew and nearby passengers for the rapid response . One person was taken to the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor , hospital spokeswoman Tracy Justice said . "  All passengers have deplaned and out of an abundance of caution , the plane was moved to a remote area , " where the plane and baggage were rescreened , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . Passengers were interviewed by law enforcement authorities before being allowed to leave the airport . No other suspicious materials were found on the plane or in luggage , the law enforcement and airline security sources said . No other suspicious materials were found on the plane or in luggage , the law enforcement and airline security sources said . The suspect had only carry-on luggage . Another passenger on the Northwest flight transferred from the same KLM flight in Amsterdam but officials found no connection between the two , the sources said . The plane , an Airbus 330 , landed shortly before noon . It was carrying 278 passengers . Delta is the parent company of Northwest . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve , Kevin Bohn , Elise Labott , Ed Henry and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	White House is considering the incident an attempted terrorist attack Passenger is immediately subdued ; FBI investigating Flight originated in Amsterdam , Netherlands , ended in Detroit , Michigan
EW.com  -- Turtle Power does exist after all . The heroes in a half shell surpassed industry and analyst expectations by more than $ 20 million , raking in an estimated $ 65 million in its first weekend in theaters . With an additional $ 28.7 million from 19 international territories , "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , " which cost $ 125 million to produce , has earned $ 93.7 million globally . No wonder Paramount has already announced plans for a summer 2016 sequel . The Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies pic may not have resonated with the critics , but that did n't seem to matter much to its target audience : kids . While moviegoers overall slapped the Michael Bay-produced movie with a lackluster B Cinema Score , kids were much more enthusiastic , giving it an A overall . Audiences on the whole were mostly male  61 percent  and a significant portion  45 percent  were under 25 years old . EW : Box office update : ` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' rocket to No. 1 "  Guardians of the Galaxy " took second place with $ 41.5 million , falling an expected 56 percent from its blockbuster debut . For comparison 's sake , "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " and "  Thor : The Dark World " fell 57 percent in weekend two , while "  Iron Man 3 " fell 58 percent . "  Guardian "  s has grossed $ 175.9 million in its first 10 days and could turn out to be one of the highest grossing films of the year . Disney and Marvel 's sci-fi space opera is also doing quite well internationally : Its worldwide total is $ 313 million , with debuts in France , Spain , Germany , Italy , Japan , and China still to come . Warner Bros. ' disaster flick "  Into the Storm "  Cinema Score : B  opened at No. 3 with an estimated $ 18 million from 3,434 screens . It 's not a stunning debut , but it 's in line with expectations for the $ 50 million movie on a crowded weekend , which bumped earnings up 16 percent overall from the box office take a year ago . Disney 's "  The Hundred-Foot Journey "  Cinema Score : A  opened a bit ahead of studio estimates with an estimated $ 11.1 million at 2,023 locations . The $ 22 million pic starring Helen Mirren can be expected to hold nicely over the next few weeks given the high Cinema Score and the tendency of older moviegoers not to rush out to see new releases on opening weekend . Audiences for the movie this weekend were 59 percent female and 42 percent over age 50 . EW : ` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' sequel set for 2016 "  Lucy " managed to edge out "  Step Up All In " for the final spot in the top five with an estimated $ 9.3 million in its third weekend . Still playing at 3,147 North American locations , the Scarlett Johansson-led actioner also crossed the $ 100 million mark worldwide , thanks to this weekend 's $ 15 million from 15 international territories . "  Step Up All In "  Cinema Score : B +  grossed an estimated $ 6.6 million from 2,702 theaters -- the weakest debut in the five-film franchise , which has earned more than $ 600 million at the worldwide box office . Lionsgate 's Summit Entertainment is handling distribution on this installment , which has also already made $ 37.7 million internationally  with $ 6.4 million of that this weekend  . The top five : 1 . Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -- $ 65 million  new 2 . Guardians of the Galaxy -- $ 41.53 million  domestic total : $ 175.9 million 3 . Into the Storm -- $ 18 million  new 4 . The Hundred-Foot Journey -- $ 11.12 million  new 5 . Lucy -- $ 9.3 million  $ 97.4 million domestic total Finally , in limited release , Daniel Radcliffe and Zoe Kazan 's indie romantic comedy "  What If "  Cinema Score : A -  grossed an estimated $ 130K from 20 screens , with its expansion continuing next weekend . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film has earned $ 93.7 million globally . The audience was mostly under 25 years old "  Guardians of the Galaxy " took second place with $ 41.5 million
Tokyo  CNN  -- He is the face of New Japan Inc. 35-year-old Yoshikazu Tanaka , founder of mobile social gaming network Gree , is the world 's second youngest self-made billionaire behind Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg . The similarities do n't end there . Tanaka , son of a Japanese salaryman , launched Gree initially as a social network in Japan before moving into mobile social gaming . I caught up with him at his HQ in the Mori Building in downtown Tokyo , one of the most desirable business addresses in the city . Japan 's ` Zuckerberg ' leads new wave of entrepreneurs He may be flying high , but philosophically he remains down to earth , from the tips of his shaggy hair to the soles of his bright red crocs . What do you think when you 're compared to Mark Zuckerberg ? I started my business in 2004 and Facebook also started around 2004 . Facebook became such a big company and I think they are doing well in how they are changing society . I think we  Gree  can change society in that way too , so I want to continue making a challenge . How would you like to change Japanese society ? We should change the way of thinking in the whole of Japan . To do that , rather than by saying , "  we should do this , " or "  we should do that , " we should show what we can do by a new successful example . People say there is no culture of venture business in Japan , but actually social games and our company , Gree , became successful within seven years . So we want to have an impact on Japan by showing that it can be done . What drives you ? Gree originally started as my personal business using my money and my spare time . So of course it is good if I can make money out of it . However , my motivation is that I want to have an impact on society with my business . Do you think your industry will become the most important part of Japan 's economy ? It is true that the social gaming industry is an important industry for the Japanese economy . Originally there were many Japanese game companies like Nintendo which became successful globally . Japan is an island and an industry like ours does n't have to worry about importing raw materials or exporting . In that sense we can do our business without having the disadvantage of being on an island , so I think it is a good industry for Japan . What is the problem with older , traditional manufacturing businesses ? If they have a problem , I think it would be that they tried to compete only in the domestic market and did n't try the global market . That means they can only be successful in Japan and they need to think more globally . What Japan should do now ? Of course it is easy to blame politicians but Japan is democratic and its citizens choose the politicians . So the problem does not only exist in them . I think the biggest problem is that so many people have not been able to accept the fact that we can not survive without trying to compete globally . Do you think mobile game industry can be a savior of Japan ? I do n't know whether we can be a savior or not but I can say there are not many industries which can generate this much profit and become successful globally . Not just our company but the whole of Japan should consider developing an industry like that .	Yoshikazu Tanaka is billionaire founder of mobile games company , Gree The company is valued at $ 7 billion ; personal wealth $ 2.2 billion Tanaka is often compared to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
CNN  -- Two police officers were fatally shot and another two were wounded Thursday in two separate shootings allegedly by the same suspects in West Memphis , Arkansas , police said . The two suspects , who were using an assault weapon , were themselves fatally shot , said Inspector Bert Shelton , who is assigned to city hall for the West Memphis Police Department . The incident began around 11:36 a.m.  12:36 p.m. ET  , when West Memphis patrolman Bill Evans made a traffic stop on a white minivan traveling eastbound on I-40 at Airport Road , said Bill Sadler , public information officer for the Arkansas State Police . After the vehicle exited the Interstate onto an off-ramp near College Avenue , Sgt. Brandon Paudert arrived on the scene as backup , Sadler said . "  It is our belief that Officer Evans was shoved to the ground by one of the suspects in the minivan and gunfire was directed at both officers , " Sadler said . The suspects then fled , driving east in the minivan , leaving one man dead and the other fatally wounded . Within minutes , officers from other agencies -- including the Arkansas State Police and the Arkansas Fish and Game Commission -- began to converge on the area , looking for the suspects , he said . About 90 minutes later , a minivan believed to be the one that had been seen leaving the shooting site was spotted in a parking lot of a nearby Wal-Mart , Sadler said . There , it was approached by Crittenden County Sheriff Dick Busby and Chief Enforcement Officer W.A. Wren , who were traveling in the same vehicle , he said . Both men were wounded in a gunbattle initiated by the suspects , who were using a long rifle and a handgun , Sadler said . The gunbattle ended after "  a very brave , young wildlife officer in his state truck rammed the suspect vehicle , preventing an exit of the suspects , " who were killed , Sadler said . Both wounded officers were taken to Regional Medical Center at Memphis , where they were in critical condition , said hospital spokeswoman Vivian Crawford . Authorities would not identify the suspects , saying doing so could affect the integrity of the investigation . Paudert was the son of Police Chief Bob Paudert , said West Memphis Police Department Assistant Chief Mike Allen . Both of the dead officers leave widows and young children , he said . Paudert was 39 , Evans was 38 . The FBI 's evidence-response team was among the agencies involved in the investigation . In a statement posted on his website , Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe said Paudert and Evans "  died upholding their duty to serve and protect the residents of West Memphis . " He added , "  This is a loss shared by all Arkansans . " A woman who answered the phone at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in West Memphis said the store , which is usually open round the clock , was closed after the incidents , and that store officials hoped to reopen by midnight  1 a.m. ET  .	Two West Memphis , Arkansas , officers killed in two shootings Attacks left two other officers wounded Two suspects confronted in Wal-Mart parking lot , both killed in gunfire exchange Dead officers include West Memphis police chief 's son
CNN  -- World Oceans Day , June 8 , arrives this year at a time when people are especially focused on the safety of waters threatened by the Gulf oil disaster . Yet it is also a time when more people are committing to work to preserve the oceans than ever before . Among them is Roz Savage , who last week completed the third and final leg of her effort to row across the Pacific Ocean . Savage was one of dozens who took part in the Mission Blue cruise in April , organized by the nonprofit group TED to develop a strategy to save the oceans . In her talk on the Mission Blue cruise , taped before the final leg of her Pacific journey , Savage estimated that her trip across that ocean required more than 8,000 miles of rowing , spending 312 days on her own in a 23-foot rowboat . Savage is the first woman to row solo across the Pacific , from the West Coast of the United States to Papua New Guinea .  Maud Fontenoy rowed a shorter route from Peru to Polynesia in 2005 . Learn more about the "  Mission Blue Voyage " Once a management consultant based in London , England , Savage says she knew from day one that the career was n't right for her . But she did n't get serious about making a change until she was in her mid-30s . "  I sat down one day and wrote two versions of my own obituary , the one that I wanted , a life of adventure , and the one that I was actually heading for which was a nice , normal , pleasant life , but it was n't where I wanted to be by the end of my life . " Watch a revealing look at the oceans ' glory and shame She wound up competing in the Atlantic Ocean rowing race , from the Canary Islands to Antigua , a 3,000-mile run . "  Sure , I had wanted to get outside of my comfort zone , but what I 'd sort of failed to notice was that getting out of your comfort zone is , by definition , extremely uncomfortable . And my timing was not great either -- 2005 , when I did the Atlantic , was the year of Hurricane Katrina . There were more tropical storms in the North Atlantic than ever before , since records began . And pretty early on those storms started making their presence known . " All four of her oars broke before she reached the halfway mark -- and Savage was forced to improvise using a boat hook and other equipment on the boat . The Mission Blue Voyage was a product of undersea explorer Sylvia Earle 's 2009 TED Prize wish "  to ignite public support for a global network of Marine Protected Areas , hope spots large enough ... to restore the blue heart of the planet . " The Galapagos cruise attracted leading scientists and celebrities such as Glenn Close , Leonardo DiCaprio , Jackson Browne , Edward Norton , Elizabeth Banks , and Chevy Chase -- and resulted in $ 15 million in pledges to protect the seas and advocate for new policies . In her talk making the wish , Earle pointed out that in the past 50 years , 90 percent of the big fish in the oceans have been consumed and nearly half of the ocean 's coral reefs have disappeared . Less than 1 percent of the ocean is protected from destructive fishing , and Earle believes the seas will go into irreversible decline unless a much larger portion -- some experts say as much as 30 percent -- is protected . Earle said the world needs to act swiftly to protect what she calls "  the blue heart of the planet that basically keeps us alive . " A filmmaker explains how he became fascinated with sea creatures In Savage 's view , the environmental problems the world faces do n't result from the big incidents such as the Exxon Valdez or the Gulf oil disaster . "  Mostly it 's been an accumulation of bad decisions by billions of individuals day after day and year after year . And , by the same token , we can turn that tide . We can start making better , wiser , more sustainable decisions . And when we do that , we 're not just one person . Anything that we do spreads ripples . "  Other people will see , if you 're in the supermarket line and you pull out your reusable grocery bag . Maybe if we all start doing this , we can make it socially unacceptable to say yes to plastic in the check-out line . That 's just one example . " Watch other talks from Mission Blue Savage 's first effort to cross the Pacific ended in failure in 2007 when her boat capsized three times in 24 hours and she was rescued -- against her wishes . The next year , she completed the first leg , to Hawaii , but only after nearly running out of water . She managed to meet up with the crew of the "  Junk Raft , " a boat made mostly of plastic water bottles that Savage said was built to call attention to "  the North Pacific garbage patch , that area in the North Pacific about twice the size of Texas , with an estimated 3.5 million tons of trash in it , circulating at the center of that North Pacific Gyre . " Earlier on that voyage , Savage said , the crew had caught a mahi mahi and found that its stomach was full of plastic . Savage wrote this post for CNN.com after her Pacific journey was completed : In the couple of months since this TEDTalk was recorded , I have rowed 2,000 miles from Kiribati to Papua New Guinea in the third and final stage of my Pacific crossing , becoming the first woman to row solo all the way across the Pacific . During those two months the ocean has suffered new assaults -- notably the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , but also smaller insults , as I have witnessed with my own eyes . On a beautiful calm day , with sunlight glinting off the waves , it is heartbreaking to see a plastic bottle floating on the water . Even thousands of miles from land , the ocean wilderness is no longer pristine . Mankind 's impact is felt everywhere . When I have been alone for a long time at sea -- sometimes over a hundred days without seeing another human -- this evidence of our carelessness is especially jarring . There are times when I feel ashamed to be a human being , and feel obliged to apologize to the small community of fish that congregate beneath my boat for the mess we have made of their home . And it does n't impact just the fish . Oceans cover 71 percent of the Earth , and are an integral part of our weather systems , climate control , and food supply . How can we have a healthy planet -- or healthy bodies -- if we do n't have healthy oceans ? I row across oceans to inspire people to take action on environmental issues . Something the ocean has taught me is that any challenge , no matter how huge , can be tackled if you break it down into little steps . Crossing the Pacific has taken me about 2.5 million oar strokes . One stroke does n't get me very far , but you take all those tiny actions and you string them all together and you get across 8,000 miles of ocean . You can achieve almost anything , if you just take it one stroke at a time . And it 's the same with saving the oceans . On a day like Oceans Day , when we feel part of a huge global community , it 's easy to believe we can change the world . But there will be other days when maybe we feel alone , and that anything we do as individuals wo n't really make a difference -- that it 's just a drop in the ocean . But every action counts . We all have it in our power to make a difference . In fact , we 're already making a difference -- it 's just up to us to decide if it 's a good one or a bad one . Every time we say no to a plastic bag or refuse to drink bottled water , it matters . If I can row 8,000 miles to make a point about the state of our oceans , then you can do your part too . Start by going to http://ecoheroes.me/ and log a single green deed that you are going to do today , Oceans Day , to help save our seas . We have a lot of work to do , but the longest journey starts with a single step -- or oarstroke .	Roz Savage gave up a career as a management consultant to seek adventure She rowed in a race across the Atlantic and then completed a three-leg journey across Pacific Savage spoke on Mission Blue Voyage , which sought to accelerate efforts to save the oceans She said environmental damage results from bad decisions made by billions of people every day
Cairo  CNN  -- I strolled through the halls of the Arab League 's headquarters in Cairo the other day , perusing all the family photos of Arab leaders at various summit meetings over the years . There was deposed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , deposed and violently disposed of Libyan "  Brother Leader " Moammar Gadhafi , exiled Tunisian President Zine Abedine Ben Ali , Yemen 's beleaguered President Ali Abdullah Saleh , and Syria 's embattled President Bashar Al-Assad . Uneasy , I thought , must sit the other heads of state featured in those photos . But it was those surviving leaders , of such less-than-democratic countries as Saudi Arabia , Algeria and Sudan , to name a few , who instructed their foreign ministers to vote Saturday to suspend Syria from the Arab League over its bloody suppression of the eight-month-old uprising there . In the final months of 2011 , the future is looking very uncertain for the creaking Arab political order . Egypt and Tunisia are no longer solid , reliable members of the bloc of conservative , pro-Western "  moderate " Arab regimes the United States cobbled together in the aftermath of the October 1973 Arab-Israeli war . Revolutions and revolts -- finished and ongoing -- must be depriving many rulers of a good night 's sleep . The citizens of the Arab world have finally had enough of the tired charades of the past . Increasingly endangered are the sham referendums where presidents won 99 percent of votes , where hardly anyone took the time to cast a ballot , the "  parties " that were little more than mafias with empty slogans , and the state intelligence thugs who were a law unto themselves . That stuff just does n't cut it anymore . As we strolled together through a ransacked intelligence headquarters in Sabha , Libya , a few months ago , one man told me : "  We used to fear our rulers . Now they fear us . " This year almost every Arab state , from the Atlantic to the Gulf , has had to at least go through the motions of initiating political reform . And while they 'd be loathe to share their true motivations , I suspect Arab rulers did n't vote against Syria because they are new converts to people power or support the bloodied opponents of al-Assad . No , there is more to this vote than the so-called "  Arab Spring . " As much as aging Arab autocrats fear their people , they also fear Iran . The last 10 years have been good for Iran . First , the United States led an international coalition to oust Iran 's bitter enemies , the Taliban , from power in Afghanistan . Less than two years later , the Americans did it again in Iraq , bringing down another implacable foe of Iran , Saddam Hussein , and then installing a new political order in Baghdad much more friendly to Tehran . In 2006 the Americans backed Israel 's ill-fated summer war against Iran 's Lebanese ally , Hezbollah , which emerged from the 33-day conflict stronger than ever . In 2007 , Hamas , also friends with Iran , ousted the U.S.-backed Fatah faction of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas from Gaza . Iran was an enthusiastic backer of the revolt against the leaders of Bahrain earlier this year , though that uprising was crushed with Saudi help . In the meantime , there is growing fear over Iran 's perceived nuclear ambitions , those fears stoked by regular pronouncements over the past two decades from Tel Aviv that Iran "  is on the verge of producing a nuclear weapon . " Against this backdrop is an across-the-board diminution of American power in the Middle East . At the end of this year the United States will end its military presence in Iraq , and soon afterward , it will do the same in Afghanistan . The Obama administration , with 2012 elections looming and after several half-hearted false starts and high-profile humiliations by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , appears to have given up trying to broker real peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Above and beyond regional issues , the U.S. economy -- and thus , its political clout -- is in decline . Increasingly , America is viewed in the Middle East as an economically bankrupt , militarily and diplomatically overextended , withering superpower . In short , a huge vacuum looms in the region , and Iran could be the chief beneficiary . Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states are alarmed , and are eager to cut Iran down to size . The uprising in Syria went a long way to undercut Iran 's oldest and most reliable Arab ally in Damascus , and Saturday 's vote to suspend Syria from the Arab League was an added bonus . Syria is now isolated more than ever before , which means Iran 's other allies in the region -- Hamas and Hezbollah -- could suffer , too . There are other players in this great game . Turkey , having been repeatedly rebuffed in its attempts to gain membership in the European Union , has struck out on its own under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Missing in the emerging regional equation are any Arab counterweights to a resurgent Turkey , but more immediately , Iran . Saddam Hussein , who fought an 8-year war with Iran , has been replaced by a government in Baghdad with close ties to Tehran . Egypt , the Arab world 's most populous nation and once one of the main pillars of the old order , is in the throes of post-revolutionary upheaval . The surviving members of those group photos at the Arab League are clutching at anything they can to make sure they can live for another summit meeting -- and another group photo .	There is more to the vote against Syria than the "  Arab Spring " As much as Arab autocrats fear their people , they also fear Iran Iran 's regional position has strengthened in the last decade America 's is perceived to be withering
CNN  -- An ax murder . Then , jail time . Sounds like a morbid crime story . Yet this tale has taken a sudden and unexpected twist : The killer got a pardon and a hero 's welcome . That has stirred fears of a war . The parole has exacerbated long-standing tensions over disputed land between Armenia and Azerbaijan , former Soviet republics that are nestled in the Caucasus region near Turkey , Iran and Russia . The nations fought a war two decades ago over the region of Nagorno-Karabakh and surrounding Azerbaijani territories . Much of the area is now occupied by Armenia . A return to warfare could suck in world powers , analysts warned Wednesday . Thomas de Waal , an expert on the Caucasus with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , told CNN world energy markets would be disrupted in a conflict since an oil and a gas pipeline carrying Caspian oil curves around the conflict zone in Azerbaijan . Mosque shooting , suicide bombing hit Russia 's Caucasus region The ax killing happened in 2004 at a NATO center in Hungary , where troops from Armenia and Azerbaijan were getting training . Ramil Safarov , a soldier from Azerbaijan , killed Armenian officer Gurgen Margarian . Both men were studying English . Safarov was sentenced to life in prison in Hungary , but that country recently extradited him to Azerbaijan with the understanding that he would serve at least 25 years of the sentence . Not long after Safarov arrived in Azerbaijan , though , Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev pardoned him . Armenians recoiled at what happened next : The killer got an apartment and a promotion . "  Mr. Safarov has been glorified in Azerbaijan as a national hero at all levels -- including the top level , " said Zohrab Mnatsakanian , Armenia 's deputy minister of Foreign Affairs . "  This is a blow to the conscience of Europe , to the civilized world . " Azerbaijan 's Foreign Affairs Ministry said on Twitter that the "  issue must be considered in the context of aggression and ethnic cleansing against Azerbaijan by Armenia . " The United States , meanwhile , was among those nations objecting to the pardon . It expressed "  deep concern " and asked Hungary for more information on why it extradited Safarov . "  We are communicating to Azerbaijani authorities our disappointment about the decision to pardon Safarov , " a spokesman for the National Security Council , Tommy Vietor , said in a statement the White House released . "  This action is contrary to ongoing efforts to reduce regional tensions and promote reconciliation . " Sabine Freizer , director of the International Crisis Group 's Europe program , said world powers have taken note . "  There is an awareness among government officials , both in the United States , Russia , and among European officials , that this conflict is getting worse . There should be something done to stop it , " Freizer said . "  This takes us a whole step downward , " said the Carnegie Endowment 's de Waal . The tensions over Nagorno-Karabakh reflect strong cultural attachments for both peoples , what Sergey Markedonov , visiting fellow of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , likens to a "  Jerusalem for both societies . " Animosities over the disputed territory have simmered since the end of World War I . The Soviet Union 's collapse in the 1990s triggered a war from 1992 to 1994 that killed 22,000 to 25,000 people and uprooted more than a million others . The war ended "  with a shaky truce , " the International Crisis Group said . The disputes between the countries over Nagorno-Karabakh and other territories remain an "  unresolved conflict of the Soviet period , " Freizer said . Amid the creation of newly independent countries after the Soviet collapse , she said , "  no one was focused on the conflict . " "  The kind of support for Yugoslavia , " whose breakup led to major wars in Bosnia and Kosovo , was "  never given to this region . " Over the years , violence has flared . Both countries occasionally talk tough about each other . And Azerbaijan 's oil and gas wealth is making its way into the budget for a military preparing for war , Freizer said . "  Since 2011 , we feel the situation has gotten worse , " Freizer said . The killer 's pardon prompted a certain outrage factor , she said . "  People were shocked by this . " Hungary defended its extradition and said it received assurances the killer would carry out his term . But the country criticized the "  sudden and unexpected release " and called it "  unacceptable . " Armenia suspended its relations with Hungary . The disputes are unfolding in a tough neighborhood . Turkey has been mired down in fighting with Kurdish rebels . Russia fought a brief war with Georgia four years ago and has battled Islamic insurgents in its northern Caucasus region in recent years . Iran supports Syria 's government in its civil war . "  Russia is a military ally of Armenia . Azerbaijan has strong military links with Turkey and they  Armenia and Azerbaijan  are both on the border with Iran , " de Waal said . Also , he said , the Armenian-American community "  will beat the drum " and push for U.S. action . Markedonov said a deteriorating conflict could spawn an arms race . The incident reflects a lack of willingness among many citizens to compromise and get back to peacemaking , Markedonov said . This could play into upcoming elections , with both Aliyev and Armenian president Serzh Sargsyan seeking to look strong for the voters . De Waal also wrote in a column that the BBC published Tuesday that Hungary negotiated the extradition "  for reasons that have yet to be fully explained . " He called the events a "  black week " for a peaceful resolution to the conflict and said it 's "  now a full-blown state-to-state row , with as yet knowable consequences . " He cites worries that "  a fanatical Armenian will try to commit a revenge attack . " "  From the political perspective , to call the Azerbaijani government 's actions a mistake is an understatement . It is a worrying indication of the quality of advice that President Ilham Aliyev is receiving from his inner circle . " De Waal said diplomats must work harder now . When there is no peace process , he told CNN , "  the vacuum is filled by war talk . " "  If there is any silver lining to this dark episode it could be that the international community pays more attention to the dangers of a new Armenian-Azerbaijani conflict over Nagorno-Karabakh , " de Waal wrote in his column . "  The reception given Safarov suggests that the situation is moving closer to war than peace . " Black Sea city aims to be ` Las Vegas of the Caucasus ' Jo Shelley and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report	An Azerbaijani solider killed an Armenian officer with an ax in 2004 He was sentenced to prison in Hungary but suddenly was paroled and extradited The killer got a new apartment and a promotion on his return to Azerbaijan The parole has sparked fears of wars between two former Soviet republics
San Jose , California  CNN  -- Ping-pong is a game most Americans play in their basements . But competitive table tennis is a different story . In fact , it 's an Olympic sport , and the United States has a bright , new star representing Team USA in London : 16-year-old Ariel Hsing . Ariel 's parents , Michael Hsing and Xin Jaing , immigrants to the United States , play table tennis . When her mother could n't find a baby sitter , she brought a then 7-year-old Ariel along with her when playing at table tennis clubs . It was there that Ariel discovered her love for the sport and her talent . "  I love table tennis , and I love playing . I love to practice so I just kept practicing and there were tournaments along the way , but it just kind of happened gradually , " said Ariel . iReport : Get involved with the Olympic Games "  I never thought for one minute : ` OK , I am just going to dedicate my life to table tennis . ' I really love it , and I 'm really passionate about it so I just keep wanting to do it . " While other elite athletes focus solely on their sport and winning Olympic gold , Ariel is a junior at Valley Christian High School in San Jose with college on the horizon . She aspires to attend Stanford University . Ariel understands that table tennis is not as popular other Olympic sports and does n't bring in the same kind of endorsements and money . She must split her focus between athletics and academics . To achieve success on the table and in the classroom , Ariel has a regimented schedule . "  I wake up at around 7 a.m. I 'll go practice serves for half an hour , and then I 'll start getting ready for school . My dad will drive me to school . After my classes , he 'll pick me up with lunch and he 'll drive me to a nearby club . "  And after I eat my lunch I 'll usually take a nap in the car . And once I get there , at the club , I 'll train for two to three hours and he 'll drive me to another club and there I 'll play another two hours , then I 'll come home , eat dinner , do homework , and I 'll finally get to sleep , " Ariel said . Saudi Arabia names two women to Olympics team All of the practice is necessary as Ariel notes her sport goes well beyond a friendly game of ping-pong . "  I think ping-pong is the kind of game that everyone loves to play . A lot of people have their table in their basement at home , and they just play around for fun but competitive table tennis is really different . "  It 's not just about your arm , but you have to move your legs so much , it can be really tiring and when you 're actually playing a match , it 's just like a chess game . You have to beat the opponent mentally while they 're trying to change their strategies , " she said . Ariel 's made several sacrifices to get her to her first Olympic Games , such as adjusting her diet . "  I 've had to give up a lot of food for table tennis . I really love to eat , and I love to eat anything unhealthy , anything that will give you a heart attack , those are my foods , so I 've had to give up a lot of those in order to maintain a good athletic shape . " With her intense schedule , Ariel has also sacrificed time hanging out with friends , but she 's also gained a notable new friend : Warren Buffett . She met Buffett when she was 9 on Buffett 's 75th birthday . Buffett received a table tennis lesson as a gift , and the local coach thought it be fun to bring a young phenom along to assist in the lesson . Ariel made such an impression on Buffett that he remains one of her biggest fans . Buffett offers her advice , encouragement and is a constant cheerleader , even watching her matches online from his office . "  Uncle Warren has just been so supportive of me . When I was playing the finals of the Olympic trials , he was there in his office , cheering for me , and everyone in his office did n't know what was going on . So that was really funny , " Ariel said . She is appreciative of this special bond with Buffett , and it 's clear the influence he 's had on her . She hopes to major in business in college . But she says the best advice he 's given her was n't something he said but rather something she learned by example . "  He 's just been so humble and just so down to earth , and I think that 's really admirable , and I really want to be like that . " As she excitedly heads off to London , Ariel remains grounded in what her role is . She takes representing her country very seriously , but she also knows she bears a responsibility as a role model . "  I would just tell people to always fight for their dreams and just try really , really hard to go for it . Because when I was 8 years old , I had a dream of making the Olympics one day . I wrote this down on a little piece of paper , and I rolled it up and I put it in this little box . ... I convinced myself if I opened that piece of paper , my wish would not come true . So it 's just been sitting in my room , and it 's been a constant reminder of my dream and a constant reminder of what I was working for . "	Ariel Hsing , 16 , is representing Team USA in table tennis Hsing met Warren Buffett as a child ; he has played with her many times Her advice : "  I would just tell people to always fight for their dreams "
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band 's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Larry King , left , poses with  l-r  Paul McCartney , Yoko Ono Lennon , Olivia Harrison and Ringo Starr Tuesday in Las Vegas . "  We were just kids from Liverpool , " McCartney said . "  And , yes , it is quite amazing , because as time goes on , it kind of becomes more and more of a phenomenon . " McCartney said the early Beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves , but Starr said , "  We thought we 'd be really big in Liverpool . " "  I think the most exciting thing is that , you know , we expect people our age to know the music . But actually , a lot of kids know the music , " Starr said . "  And if anything is left , we have left really good music , and that 's the important part , not the moptops or whatever . " The pair appeared relaxed in sneakers and almost matching black suits and joked frequently -- often at each other 's expense . "  They were nothing , " Starr said of his former bandmates . "  And then I joined and then they got this record deal and look what happened . " "  No , we were good , " McCartney retorted . "  You wanted to join us . You begged to join us . " "  I did n't beg , " Starr said . Watch Paul and Ringo talk about the Beatles ' magic " McCartney and Starr were in Las Vegas with Yoko Ono Lennon and Olivia Harrison , the widows of John Lennon and George Harrison , to celebrate the anniversary of Cirque du Soleil 's "  Love , " which uses the Beatles ' music . Harrison said her husband was friends with Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001 . "  George was around just long enough to transmit that to all of us , " Harrison said . Ono said she was n't sure at first what her husband would have thought about the project . John Lennon was shot near the couple 's New York apartment in 1980 . "  Now I really know that John would be very happy with this , " she said . Neither woman has remarried and they both said it was still sometimes difficult to deal with their losses . "  We feel so strongly about our husbands that sometimes it 's hard for us , is n't it ? " Ono said . "  It 's hard , you know , " Harrison said . "  I mean their presence is very powerful and very strong . But the incredible thing about them is that they -- everything they left the world and left us is uplifting and joyful . " The Beatles ' music received a bit of a facelift for the show and has been remixed in 5.1 surround sound .  An album , "  Love , " came out last year . "  Paul and I went to listen to the music in 5.1 and we go ` Whoa , listen to that , ' " Starr said . "  You know you can hear everything now . Things that we buried a lot . It 's all very clear , so it 's really great to hear it . " "  Most historic stuff goes down with age , you know ? " McCartney added . "  Winston Churchill 's old papers go brown and crinkly , while our music gets brighter and shinier . " "  Next year , it will be 10.1 , " Starr joked . McCartney 's latest solo album , "  Memory 's Almost Full , " is No. 3 on the album charts and Starr is scheduled to release a greatest hits album in August . E-mail to a friend	Paul McCartney , Ringo Starr say their music sounds better The former Beatles talk to CNN 's Larry King Widows of John Lennon and George Harrison also appeared Harrison , Ono say their husbands still have strong presence
CNN  -- The iPad is one of the most disruptive technologies of the past 5 years . Along with the iPhone , it birthed a new era of touch computing that does away with the mouse and keyboard altogether . And yet the iPad 's undisputed dominance of the blossoming tablet market may not last forever . In fact , the iPad is about to get some stiff competition -- finally . To understand why the iPad dominates the tablet sector is not difficult : Not only was it the first of the new wave of touchscreen tablets , but it 's also the most desirable in the eyes of consumers . The iPhone had a few chinks in its armor early on : It was only available on one network in the U.S. , leaving room for competitors to thrive on other networks . This Achilles Heel is n't such a problem for the iPad : Not only is it available on both AT&T and Verizon , but many consumers simply buy the Wi-Fi version , meaning the carrier issue is n't as relevant . Competitors were also able to best the iPhone , which initially cost at least $ 499 , on price : Cheaper alternatives using Google Android became abundant , especially when carrier subsidies were taken into consideration . And yet rivals to the iPad cost about the same and lack the cachÃ © of the original . If you want something like the iPad , your best choice has been ... the iPad . Things are about to change , however . Two affordable and promising tablet contenders are going on sale next week . On Tuesday , Amazon releases its Kindle Fire . For only $ 199 -- versus $ 499 for the iPad -- you get a full-color , 7-inch touchscreen tablet . You also get access to a millions of movies , TV shows , songs , books and magazines . Not to mention that Amazon has its own version of Android 's app store , and the Kindle Fire comes with a new Web browser that claims to be faster than the competition . Then on Wednesday comes Barnes & Noble 's Nook Tablet , which has similar specs as the Kindle Fire but more memory and storage . It 's priced at $ 249 -- half the cost of an iPad . Of the two , the early favorite to emerge as the iPad 's top rival is the Kindle Fire . More than any other competitor , Amazon is able to spar with Apple by controlling all the pieces of the puzzle -- from the device itself to the content that you 'll consume on it . This "  end to end " solution mimics Apple 's strategy -- it should mean that the user experience is radically better than other iPad alternatives . And while Amazon stops short of running its own operating system -- the tablet runs a modified version of Google 's Android -- they 've also made changes to the interface that make it feel more holistic . The fact that Amazon is a major distributor of books , movies , TV shows and music has another huge advantage : The company can afford to take a slight loss on the price of the device  and reportedly does  , and make up for it by selling content . Amazon.com has been pushing the Kindle Fire to its millions of customers , even going so far as to offer free streaming movies and TV shows to all its Amazon Prime customers  as it already does on the Web  . Mark my words : The Amazon Kindle Fire will be the most successful tablet device since the iPad . Five hundred dollars is a steep price to pay for many tablet-craving consumers , but paying $ 200 for a similar device is comparatively painless . In fact , a research firm surveyed 2,600 consumers to gauge interest in the new tablet and found that pre-launch demand for the Kindle Fire is higher than demand for the iPad before its launch . Do n't get me wrong : I do n't think the Kindle Fire is better than the iPad . I do think , however , that the mass market is far more price sensitive than the early-adopter crowd . At the very least , the Kindle Fire is set to become the world 's second-most popular tablet . At that price , I would n't even bet against the Fire dethroning the iPad as the market leader .	The iPad faces stiff competition from the Kindle Fire and Nook tablets next week Kindle Fire , priced at $ 199 , may be the most succesful tablet since the iPad The full-color 7-inch tablet has access to millions of movies , songs , books and magazines Barnes & Noble 's $ 249 Nook tablet may also prove popular
As the story of the Obamacare website fiasco unfolds , senior administration aides tell me that the President is "  mad , frustrated and angry . " Mad that his signature legislative achievement is stuck at the gate , frustrated that he 's running out of time to fix it and angry that he 's got a second-term agenda now going nowhere . He 's so furious , in fact , that he stepped out of character to vent to an assembled group of top aides , saying he would have delayed the website if he had known it was a mess . By Thursday , the president was venting publicly . "  Had I been informed , I would n't be going out saying , boy , this is going to be great . You know , I 'm accused of a lot of things , but I do n't think I 'm stupid enough to go around saying , this is going to be like shopping on Amazon or Travelocity , a week before the website opens , if I thought that it was n't going to work . " All of which begs the real question : How could he not have known ? It 's a real head-scratcher . Most powerful man in the world . Most important issue . Most politically explosive , particularly coming on the heels of the government shutdown . Consider the context : Republicans had just tried to defund Obamacare , and they lost in a heap of public humiliation . So the rollout of Obamacare had to be really impressive , because the Republicans had to be proven wrong . And yet , as the dry runs continued to produce red flags -- over and over -- the President remained in his steely cocoon . If this were the presidency of George W. Bush or Ronald Reagan , the obvious theories would abound : The chief executive is disengaged . Or incurious . Or worse . But since Obama is none of the above , what gives ? This much is clear , after speaking with both past and present senior administration officials : No one was really in charge , so no one knew for sure how bad the overall picture was . What 's more , and -- perhaps most telling -- no one wanted even to hint to the President that this techno-savvy administration possibly had a website stuck in , say , 1995 . "  People do n't like to tell him bad news , " says an ex-White House staffer . "  Part of it is the no-drama culture . " Oh , that . The infamous no-drama Obama credo : no panic , no drama . "  No drama is attractive to people , except there are times when people actually should light their hair on fire , " says one former senior administration official . "  That would have been a very good thing . " Indeed . People who have served in top jobs at the White House seem to agree on one thing : a President who wants to get at the truth has to understand the extent of his own isolation . And then establish a zone of immunity for truth-tellers . That , of course , presumes that the top staff inside the White House knew the full truth . And that probably was n't the case . Again , you ask , how can that be ? Answer : The operation resembled the proverbial blind men and the elephant parable : Everyone seemed to touch a part of it , but no one could really see the whole picture , or disaster coming right at them . "  It 's not that someone had an envelope with a note in it saying here comes the second-term crisis , " an ex-top White House staffer says . "  They were thinking there were some bugs , they would be fixed ; these are smart people . " They may be smart , but it appears they had no singular leader . No rollout czar . They had health care wonks and tech wonks and political wonks and even a presidential wonk , but no put-it-all-together-and-make-sure-it-all-works wonks . And maybe , no truth-telling wonks , who would have warned the president that it was a no-no to promise that people could keep their health care policies . Everyone , it seems , lived in his own silo . And that 's where they stayed . This is a President , says one admirer , "  who likes everyone to stay in his lane . " Which begs the question : Whose lane was it to say the website was n't working ? The probability is that the information filtered to a bunch of different people in a bunch of different lanes . Sure , the stay-in-your-lane theory of operation is important to a well-run White House , but here 's the flip side if it 's implemented too literally : If you hear something outside your purview that is bad , you may not want to report it higher . Why ? "  Everyone thinks if it is n't in my lane , and I talk about it , I 'm being a tattletale , " says one ex-administration official . "  That would be discouraged as bad behavior in this current White House . "  An exception , some point out , ex-chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , who "  encouraged people to contradict each other . " To put it mildly , Rahm was pro-drama . Which brings us to the President , who is n't . And if you are n't 100 % sure that the website is a mess -- because no one is actually in charge to tell the White House with any certainty -- what is there to bring to the President ? Reports of some bad tests ? Bugs ? Fixes that are being made ? "  Nobody is trying to create drama , angst and anxiety , " says an ex-White House official . "  And it 's hard to go in there and say , ` Well , I do n't think this is going to work . ' " So , the irony . All the effort to spare the drama created a huge theatrical mess all of its own . The reviews are lousy , and now the unhappy leading man is stewing , centerstage .	Gloria Borger : How could the President not have known of the Obamacare website flaws ? She says Obama prefers a "  no-drama " White House in which people stay in their lanes Staffers are not encouraged to bring the President bad news , she says Borger : There was no rollout czar for Obamacare ; everyone stayed in their silo
Hankering to see some happy feet ? Antarctica is far from your only option . From the windswept beaches of Tierra del Fuego at South America 's tip to sunny Cape Town , South Africa , and Melbourne , Australia , penguin colonies exist in many strikingly beautiful destinations in the Southern Hemisphere . There 's no denying it : Penguins are among the most charismatic creatures . Their notorious curiosity , waddling gait and comical body language seldom fail to charm . But these flightless sea birds have evolved over 15 million years to become strong , nimble swimmers that often migrate long distances in pursuit of fish following seasonal ocean currents . 7 prime spots for wildlife viewing Today , most of the 18 species of penguins are in decline because of climate change , habitat destruction , pollution and overfishing -- in fact , more than half are considered endangered . You can support their survival by visiting carefully managed colonies where tour operators respect penguin habitat and educate visitors about conservation efforts . November through March -- when it 's the warmest in the Southern Hemisphere -- is prime time for viewing many penguin species . During the warm season , they spend more time on shore to breed , nest and raise their young . Check out these amazing penguin spots : Tierra del Fuego  Argentina and Chile Ushuaia , Argentina , the southernmost city in the world , boasts several tour operators offering day cruises to view penguins and other marine life . But only one , PiraTour , gives visitors the chance to walk among the penguins . PiraTour runs two six-hour tours daily from the port of Ushuaia . Tours are limited to 20 people , so be sure to make reservations well in advance . A 90-minute minivan ride takes visitors through Patagonian forests and along secluded pebbly coves before arriving at Estancia Harberton , a charming family-owned farm and marine center . From there , visitors transfer to a boat for a short ride to Isla Martillo , a research station that monitors the 3,000 pairs of Magellanic penguins and a small colony of gentoo penguins that nest here between September and April . Visitors will spend up to an hour observing the very vocal Magellanic penguins , which bellow and strut along the beach by the hundreds . The tour guide will instruct you to maintain a safe distance from the birds , but be prepared for them to approach you as penguins can be extremely curious . After a few minutes on the beach , you 'll be led up a bluff to see their nesting ground , where the birds often return to the same mate and same nest year after year . Back at Estancia Harberton , you 'll have time to grab a hot drink at the tea room or explore the farm 's on-site marine research center . There is also a guest house and camp sites ; contact Harberton directly if you want to extend your visit to this peaceful haven . Otherwise , Ushuaia offers a wide range of accommodation options , from backpacker hostels to luxury hotels perched on glacial mountainsides overlooking the city . PiraTour , U.S. $ 95 for a six-hour tour  50 % discount for children under 12  , plus $ 13 entry fee to Estancia Harberton Phillip Island , Australia Since the 1920s , tourists have flocked to Phillip Island to witness the smallest penguin species , known as little penguins or fairy penguins , return to shore each evening to feed their young after a long day of fishing . Only 12 inches tall and weighing less than 3 pounds , the little penguin is found only in Australia and New Zealand . For decades , the penguins on Phillip Island were largely unprotected from the throngs of sightseers , but today most visitors observe the evening penguin "  parade " from elevated boardwalks and viewing platforms to minimize disturbances to the birds . For those who want a more up-close-and-personal experience , a limited number of tickets are available each day for small group , ranger-guided tours where you can walk among penguins on a secluded beach . The ticket price helps support conservation work on the island , including habitat restoration and research focusing on how penguins are affected by climate change , development and invasive species . Phillip Island is a 90-minute drive from Melbourne , but plan on spending at least a couple of days here to enjoy all its wildlife , including koalas , wallabies , elusive anteaters , seals and whales . Phillip Island Nature Park , prices start at U.S. $ 23 for evening viewing from a platform , $ 46 for close-up viewing and $ 82.50 for a private , ranger-guided ecoadventure in a part of the penguin colony that 's closed to the general public . Cape Town , South Africa The southern tip of Africa offers numerous opportunities to view the African penguin , previously known as the jackass penguin because of its distinctive donkey-like bray . African penguins have declined by 80 % in the past 50 years because of pollution , development , climate change and irresponsible tourism activities . The Boulders Beach colony , about 24 miles from Cape Town , was only established in 1983 , but it 's now an important habitat for the endangered bird . As its name suggests , the beach is strewn with granite boulders , which create an impressive backdrop for photographing the penguins . Today , boardwalk viewing areas help protect the birds from excessive human contact , although you may encounter penguins while swimming and should take care not to approach them if possible . A ride on the wild side in Tanzania Boulders Beach is part of Table Mountain National Park , situated at the convergence of the Atlantic and Indian oceans on the Cape of Good Hope . Hiking , mountain biking , wind sailing and wildlife viewing are just a few of the activities here that offer impressive views of Cape Town and the surrounding countryside . The nearby village of Simon 's Town , with its historic cottages and cobblestone streets , provides numerous accommodation and dining options . Table Mountain National Park , visitors to the park pay a daily conservation fee of U.S. $ 5.30 per adult and $ 2.50 per child . Otago Peninsula , New Zealand Even in a country known for its dramatic scenery and amazing wildlife , the Otago Peninsula stands out . Located on New Zealand 's South Island , the peninsula was born of volcanic eruptions that created steep mountains and rugged sea cliffs . It 's a hot spot for marine wildlife viewing -- seals , sea lions , elephant seals and , of course , penguins . Here it 's possible to see both the little penguin and the rare yellow-eyed penguin . A number of tour operators on the peninsula are committed to environmental education and sustainable ecotourism . Nature Guides Otago offers naturalist-led tours as well as lodging that emphasize sustainability and support penguin habitat restoration and conservation . Another option is Penguin Place , a conservation reserve on a private farm . Visitors begin the tour by learning about penguin conservation efforts before proceeding to a series of trenches and observation huts . From these vantage points , they are treated to up-close views of a yellow-eyed penguin colony while minimizing disturbances to the birds , which live in coastal forests and have suffered significant habitat loss from logging . Nature Guides Otago , a sunrise tour of a yellow-eyed penguin colony , maximum six people , runs U.S. $ 75 per person . Nature packages , which include two nights at a B&B cottage , sunrise penguin tour and a daylong tour of the Otago Peninsula , run $ 540 per person . Note that tour priority is given to those staying at the cottage . Penguin Place , penguin tours run throughout the day . Price is U.S. $ 41 for adults and $ 10 for children . Budget accommodations are available at the Penguin Place Lodge for U.S. $ 22 adults , $ 8.50 children Galapagos Islands , Ecuador It comes as a surprise to most travelers that a trip to the Galapagos could include the chance to see penguins . But in fact , the islands are home to the only penguin that lives in a tropical climate . Unlike other species that migrate according to the season , endangered Galapagos penguins live here year-round , especially in the colder waters of the western islands such as Isla Isabela . Almost any tour of the Galapagos includes the chance to see an incredible variety of wildlife , but some operators specifically offer penguin tours . More likely than not you 'll be observing the birds from a boat , but if the tour includes snorkeling in an area frequented by penguins , there 's a chance that you could end up swimming with the birds . Southern Exploration , a member of the International Ecotourism Society , is one tour operator that offers the chance to see penguins at close range . However , since the Galapagos National Park Service restricts tourists to specific areas and may limit access depending on conditions , it 's best to contact tour operators directly to confirm that you 'll be able to see penguins on your trip . Talk through the options carefully with the booking agent to make sure your expectations will be met . Southern Explorations , four to 15-day Galapagos cruising tours with an English-speaking guide , start at around U.S. $ 3,000 up to about $ 6,000 , including the flight from Quito to the Galapagos . Ask to speak to a Galapagos expert and tell them you are interested in seeing penguins so they can find an appropriate tour during your travel dates . Avoid holiday travel unless you book a year or more in advance -- tours around Christmas and Easter fill up fast .	November through March is prime season for penguin viewing From Argentina to Australia , penguin tours allow travelers to see them in the wild Responsible tours to see penguins support conservation
What if this is it ? After 13 days of searching amid fears that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may never be found , investigators said Thursday that satellites have beamed down a ray of hope -- images of a debris field floating in the southern Indian Ocean that may show wreckage of the jet . It was not immediately clear just how long it would take before investigators could track down just what those images are . Still , "  It is probably the best lead we have right now , " said John Young , a spokesman for the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . Australian authorities poring over images that were shot Sunday spotted the debris floating in one of the world 's most remote places -- the southern Indian Ocean more than 1,500 miles off the southwest coast of Australia . The images were brought to the authority 's attention Thursday morning , it said . The find warranted attention from the Australian Prime Minister . "  Two possible objects related to the search have been identified , " Tony Abbott told parliament . But satellites have been wrong about Flight 370 before . And Australian authorities warn that the pictures , too , could end in a goose chase and disappointment . If the photographs do show wreckage of the Boeing 777-200ER that departed Kuala Lumpur on March 8 and never arrived in Beijing , what would be next ? Locate The first mission is to find the "  blob , " as Young called it . One piece of the debris is 24 meters  79 feet  long . "  The size and fact that there are a number located in the same area really makes it worth looking at , " he said . He urged caution . "  Our experience is that there is debris out there -- from ships , for example , falling overboard , " he said . "  I do n't want to speculate about what they are until we get there and we see them . " One expert said that might happen soon . "  I would say a day -- guessing , " said Capt. Timothy Taylor , president of Tiburon Subsea Services and an ocean search expert . Time is critical , given that the batteries powering the pings emanating from the plane 's voice and data recorders go dead after about 30 days . "  There 's a clock ticking , " Taylor said . "  Maybe 18 days left . " Overcome complications Complicating the search -- which the Australian Maritime Safety Authority suspended Thursday night and will resume Friday morning -- is the fact that the debris field is probably far away from where it was when it was spotted in satellite images shot four days ago . "  It could have drifted a thousand miles , " he said . And he noted , too , that the debris may be unrelated . "  It could be just a false lead , " Taylor told CNN 's "  New Day . " John Blaxland , senior fellow at Australian National University and an expert on Australian radar , agreed . "  I 'm a little bit pessimistic , " he told "  New Day . " He said the debris might be one of the ubiquitous cargo containers carried by ships around the world . "  It 's not at all inconceivable that that 's exactly what it is , " he said , adding that other satellites have been steered to the area to get a better view . "  The problem now is we do n't know exactly where " it is , he said . And poor visibility has not helped . "  It 's still really hard , in this kind of environment , to pick out these little semi-submerged blips , " he said . "  You 're looking for something that is potentially not even there anymore . " Search Four planes were involved in Thursday 's search , which covered 8,880 square miles  23,000 square kilometers  about 1,600 miles  2,500 kilometers  southwest of Perth , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . An Australian plane has flown over the area , and more planes were on their way , including at least one from the United States and one from New Zealand . But the planes burn much of their fuel just to get to the remote spot , leaving them little time to search . "  We are in the most isolated part of the world , " Australian Defense Minister David Johnston told Sky News . If pilots do find the field , they would drop a buoy to mark the spot and to transmit data to help ships find it , aviation expert Bill Waldock said . But the area is known for high winds , and white-capped waves could obscure any debris , he added . And on top of that , a storm in the area may have foiled one flyover . The crew of a Royal Australian Air Force P-3 Orion was unable to find the objects , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said in a tweet . Clouds and rain made things hard to see . Eyeball "  What we 're looking for is a confirmation that it does belong to the aircraft , or it does not , " Young said . If a ship reaches the suspected wreckage , it would take some of it back to land for inspection , he said . But the expanse of ocean contains a mass of floating garbage from around the world , which could mingle with any plane parts . Recover In a stroke of luck for investigators , a Norwegian merchant cargo vessel carrying 19 sailors and a cargo of cars reached the suspected debris location and is pitching in on the search . "  All men are on deck to continue the search , " said Erik Gierchsky , a spokesman for the Norwegian Shipowners Association , in a telephone interview with CNN , adding that they were planning to work through the night in shifts , using lights and binoculars . "  It 's OK weather , with some fog , " he said . The 755-foot  230-meter  Hoegh St. Petersburg is owned by Hoegh Autoliners . It had been headed to Melbourne , Australia , from South Africa when it diverted to help in the search , he said . Its presence opens great possibilities , said former CIA counterterrorism expert Jeff Beatty . It could serve as a base for the salvage teams , especially if it is equipped for helicopter landings , which Gierchsky said might be possible , given that the ship has a flat deck . If refueled in the air , the choppers could carry divers to the ship , and they could search for any debris . Asked how long it would remain on site , Gierchsky said , "  It will be there as long as required ... at least all of tomorrow . " Another merchant ship arrived in the area Thursday evening , the maritime authority said . In all , six merchant ships have aided in the search since an appeal was issued Monday night . And the Royal Australian Navy ship HMAS Success was en route to the search area on Thursday . The issue of the remaining lifetime of the batteries powering the cockpit recorder and flight data recorder looms . They were stored inside the tail of the jetliner . If the tail is found , it may have to be disassembled . French rescuers have underscored to Malaysia 's leaders the importance of finding the recorders quickly , said Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister . After Air France Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic in 2009 , it took two years and a special submarine for investigators to find them . Malaysia does not have that submarine technology , which makes finding the data recorders before the signals fail all the more important , he added . Analyze The recorders could be invaluable to investigators trying to find out what happened to the flight . The flight data recorder holds about 17,000 pieces of information , said David Soucie , author of "  Why Planes Crash : An Accident Investigator Fights for Safe Skies . " And then there is the cockpit recording . Though it keeps only two hours of recordings , it too could prove key . "  The last two hours of what happened before this aircraft impacted could be really important to determine whether or not there was foul play , " he said . Keep an open mind The searchers have not put all of their resources into hunting for the tantalizing debris . On Thursday , four aircraft continued to search along the northern corridor , and 25 aircraft and 18 ships were searching along the southern corridor , Hishammuddin said . "  Until we are certain that we have located MH370 , search and rescue operations will continue in both corridors , " he said . China was using 21 satellites to search within its borders , the airline said . LIVE : Updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner	"  It 's OK weather , with some fog , " Shipowners Association spokesman says Australian satellites have spotted a field of debris floating in the Indian Ocean First , searchers must find the debris and mark the spot Second , they must see the debris to determine if it is from Flight 370
CNN  -- A new Miss World was crowned Saturday , and though she competed as Miss Philippines , she hails from the United States . Megan Young , 23 , an aspiring filmmaker , took the top honor at the competition , held in Bali , Indonesia . "  No words ! Thank you so much for everyone for choosing me . I promise to be the best Miss World ever , " Young said . Miss France , Marine Lorphelin , and Miss Ghana , Carranzar Naa Okailey Shooter , were second and third runners up , respectively . Young was born in the United States and moved to the Philippines at age 10 , according to her biography . The new Miss World is a college student who has appeared on screen as an actress and presenter since she was 15 . Young wants to move behind the camera and become a director , according to her bio . Miss World 's 127 contestants competed in beach fashion , fitness , world fashion , talent and "  Beauty with a Purpose " meant to honor charitable work . The top 10 models -- from Ukraine , South Sudan , Brazil , the Philippines , France , Cameroon , Cyprus , England , Italy and the United States -- were announced earlier this week . Protesters in Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , denounced the event . In an attempt to appease religious concerns , the pageant scrapped the swimsuit competition and replaced it with less-revealing beachwear attire . Also , the finals were originally to be held on the outskirts of Jakarta , but protesters forced the event to relocate to the Hindu resort island of Bali . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf , Mary Primiano , Kathy Quiano and Madison Park contributed to this report .	Miss Philippines Megan Young is crowned Miss World She was born in the United States The 23-year-old is an aspiring filmmaker
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- As winter recedes , winds whip through downtown Seoul and chill the crowds of commuters on their way home . The sun is dropping and the pale golden light streams between tall buildings . A girl smiles as she chats excitedly on her cell phone . Men in black suits cluster on a street corner debating their happy hour destination . Nowhere is there the slightest inkling that anyone in this second largest metropolitan area in the world -- is fearful or even anxious about the stream of threats emanating from North Korea . Just as sure as spring is coming , most seem to find it entirely normal that warnings of thermonuclear war , annihilation and utter devastation punctuate this , the season of joint U.S. , South Korean military maneuvers . Opinion : Why North Korea regime is scary "  We are post-war , we do n't worry about that , " a journalist specializing in local news told me . "  We take it for granted . " He was just one of about 30 reporters I met in a session discussing news in the South Korean capital this week . Seoul is a scant 30 miles from the demilitarized zone dividing North and South Korea -- one of the most militarized places on the planet . If a full-scale war were to break out , the South Korean capital would be Pyongyang 's prime target . It might only be minutes before artillery or rockets would come raining down . North Korea has an array of artillery and other conventional arms that make its military a credible threat , especially to South Korean . Pyongyang is also believed to possess thousands of tons of chemical agents , although it has denied possessing such weapons . I wondered aloud if South Koreans really were n't afraid or simply felt there was nothing they could do about it anyway ? "  We 're insensitive , " one offered in reply . It 's not the futility of fear in their predicament ; it 's that they have lived their entire lives under a cloud of threats and warnings from the North . "  We know North Korea does n't want war , " said another . "  They want money and food , " adding that Pyongyang has tried it all -- missiles , the nuclear threat , its million man army -- to try to blackmail the South . Former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell visited this week and told hundreds of people gathered for the Asian Leadership Conference that North Korea knew well an attack on South Korea , much less the United States , would mean a "  regime ending " retaliation . He encouraged his mostly South Korean audience to be optimistic because they were part of the world that has grown more democratic and wealthier , as opposed to the road chosen by the Kim family dynasty . Rather than being burdened by the dark clouds of threats , Powell urged them to pursue jobs and human dignity , to focus on the environment and poverty reduction . What 's Kim Jong Un up to ? South Koreans seem overwhelmingly willing to take that advice . In the week I 've been here , I have only found one woman who remembers participating in civilian air raid drills . "  It was 30 years ago , " she told me . Today , Seoul 's 25 million people have absolutely no ambition to live in constant fear . But Seoul is n't all of South Korea . "  It 's different for us than people on the islands , " one told me , recalling the attack in 2010 that killed four South Koreans on Yeonpyeong island barely outside North Korea 's territorial waters . In Seoul , the prospect of war is unthinkable . But in a select few flashpoint areas , the threat of armed provocation is very real , indeed . Korean nightmare : Experts ponder potential conflict I paused on a street corner near CNN 's Seoul offices and looked up at the jagged peaks rising behind the Blue House , which is the South Korea 's presidential office . If missiles ever did come streaking toward the South Korean capital , they would likely arc above those mountains . The nearest shelter , I thought , would be the subway system . I considered how long it would take me to get there , even if I were lucky enough to see them still short of their targets . My calculations were n't at all comforting . Then , like about everyone around me , I decided to think about something else . iReport : What are your views on North Korea 's threats ?	No indication of fear or anxiety in Seoul toward North Korean threats South Koreans have long lived under a cloud of threats from North South Koreans seems to be carrying with life as normal
More details about the presumably imminent release of the next iPhone have emerged , if the typically anonymous spate of Internet sources are to be believed . iMore , the first blog to publish reports that Apple plans to unveil its latest iteration of the smartphone on September 12 , is now saying that pre-orders will begin that day and that the phone will be released nine days later , on September 21 . Both reports from the blog cite "  sources that have provided iMore with accurate iPhone related launch dates in the past . " Several other blogs later cited their own sources saying the September 12 date is likely correct . International launches in Europe and elsewhere will begin the first week of October , iMore said , possibly October 5 . Apple , to date , has made no official announcement . iPhone speculation has focused on a handful of expected new features , including a slightly larger screen , a smaller dock connector and NFC technology that would make it easier for shoppers to make payments through their phones . There are also varying opinions as to whether CEO Tim Cook might also unveil a smaller "  iPad Mini " at the event . Once considered a no-go because of late CEO Steve Jobs ' statements that a smaller tablet would n't work , observers increasingly think Apple could offer one to compete with emerging competitors like Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 . Current iPhone owners seem convinced that a rollout is imminent . Last week , Ebay reported that it was seeing a surge in the number of people using the site for trade-in offers on their smartphones . The site 's "  Instant Sale " feature , which offers a pre-determined amount for electronics based on what someone else has offered , saw its number of phone trade-in offers jump 70 % between July 30 and August 1 . That 's when the September 12 release-date rumors began circulating . On Tuesday , a working , 32GB iPhone 3GS got an instant $ 91 offer ; a 16GB iPhone 4 would bring in $ 176 ; and the top-end iPhone 4S , the 64GB model , would get $ 371 .	New reports set September 21 release date for iPhone 5 Pre-orders will begin September 12 , says blog iMore Sites are reporting increase in sales of used smartphones
CNN  -- For years as he chased his dream , shooting hoops and racing up and down the court , professional basketball player Jason Collins wore the No. 98 jersey . It was a personal gesture , a way of remembering Matthew Shepard , a gay college student whose own dreams were ended in 1998 , when he died after being tied to a fence post , beaten and tortured . But when Collins came out as the first openly gay NBA player in history , that number suddenly took on a broader significance . "  I 've grown so much as an individual , I 've come across so many great people , great organizations , heard so many great stories , inspiring stories , " Collins said , adding " ... it 's nice to have a positive impact on someone 's else 's life , and I feel like with my actions that I 've had a positive impact on someone 's else 's life . " This week , that jersey became the top-selling one in the NBA . The NBA announced Friday that it will donate all proceeds from the sale of Collins jerseys to the Gay , Lesbian & Straight Education Network  GLSEN  and the Matthew Shepard Foundation . In addition , the league will auction off Collins ' autographed , game-worn jerseys to benefit the same organizations . "  It 's really cool to see the support that 's out there , " Collins told CNN 's Rachel Nichols in an interview set to air Friday evening . "  And yeah , it 's cool to see that people are going out there and buying the jersey and , you know , wearing it with pride . So I hope that continues , and you know I 'll keep wearing the jersey and keep going out there and trying to , you know , do my job . " Collins became a symbol for the gay rights movement after disclosing that he is gay in an April Sports Illustrated magazine column . Since then , he 's received a warm outpouring of support from basketball colleagues , league officials and fans . "  I know everyone in the NBA family is excited for him and proud that our league fosters an inclusive and respectful environment , " NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said after Collins ' signing last Sunday . Collins ' path from a little-known , aging NBA center to gay rights icon who was invited by first lady Michelle Obama to the State of the Union is one that speaks to the nation 's changing attitudes about homosexuality . Last week , he signed a 10-day contract with the Brooklyn Nets . According to a national Quinnipiac University poll conducted in September , 56 % of the nation supports marriage for same-sex couples , compared with only 25 % who supported it in 1996 . A CNN poll in 2010 was the first time a poll found that a majority of respondents backed it . We are becoming a very different nation from the one in which Shepard 's murder became a watershed moment and rallying cry for the gay community . Becoming , but not quite there yet . "  I 've met some other athletes who sort of are in the same position as I am , and we 're sort of like a fraternity just trying to help each other , just trying to , uh , keep inspiring each other , whether it be Robbie Rogers or Michael Sam , the list goes on and on , " Collins told Nichols of Rogers , an openly gay soccer player , and Sam , an openly gay NFL prospect . "  So many great athletes I 've met along my journey . And it 's really great to , you know , hear each other 's stories and keep , you know , inspiring each other  out here  . " When she visited Collins in Denver , Shepard 's mother , Judy , gave the basketball player some words of encouragement . " ... Her message was like , ` let the haters hate . ' Just keep ... living your life and keep going out there and being yourself , " Collins said .	Collins ' jersey number , 98 , has taken a broader significance He became the first openly gay player in the NBA He wears the number in honor of Matthew Shepard
CNN  -- Oscar wants to take you back in time . The nominees for the 84th annual Academy Awards were announced Tuesday morning , and if there 's a theme , it 's how many nominations hearken back to previous eras in film history . Among the best picture nominees alone , there 's a silent film  "  The Artist "  , an Old Hollywood throwback  "  War Horse "  , a film that pays tribute to film 's early days  "  Hugo "  and even that most distinctive of comedy types , a Woody Allen film  "  Midnight in Paris "  . If either "  Hugo " or "  The Artist " -- two films-about-films -- wins , it would be a groundbreaker , says longtime Oscar watcher Tom O'Neil of GoldDerby.com . "  No film about Hollywood has ever won best picture , " he says , observing that classics such as "  A Star is Born " and "  Sunset Boulevard " could n't pull off the trick .  "  Sunset Boulevard , " in fact , lost to a film about Broadway -- "  All About Eve . " "  Hugo , " the story of a young boy and his adventures among clocks , trains and interesting people , led all nominees with 11 nods . "  The Artist , " a silent film that borrows a plot from "  A Star is Born " and images from a host of movie classics , was second with 10 . Complete list of Oscar nominees The sheer number of nominations makes the pair front-runners for best picture : In the last 20 years , the film with the most nominations has won 15 times , observes O'Neil . But neither has created much heat with audiences -- or the Academy , says Los Angeles Times Awards Tracker reporter Nicole Sperling . "  Everyone 's been waiting for the one film to really catch them and they can all get behind , and that never seemed to happen , " she says . "  You see that reflected in the nominations . It feels diluted in a sense . Even though ` The Artist ' and ` Hugo ' are leading the pack , I do n't think anyone would call ` Hugo ' a front-runner . " Old hands and snubs The Academy also paid tribute to its own past . Some of the names behind the best picture nominees -- Allen , "  Hugo 's " Martin Scorsese , "  War Horse 's " Steven Spielberg , "  The Tree of Life 's " Terrence Malick -- evoke the 1970s , when Hollywood was energized by the arrival of a new breed of filmmaker , one raised on genre classics and foreign films . Except for Malick , who 's been nominated only twice before , the rest have become Academy veterans . Other nominees are also old hands at the game . George Clooney added a couple more nominations -- one for acting  "  The Descendants "  and one for writing  "  The Ides of March "  -- to his haul . Meryl Streep  "  The Iron Lady "  and Allen are well into double digits for Oscar nominations . On the other hand , one of the most renowned filmmakers of recent years -- the music-video-and-TV-commercial bred David Fincher -- was overlooked for both best picture  "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo "  and best director . Indeed , Oscar did n't smile on everyone . Albert Brooks -- another 1970s-era name -- was widely touted for a supporting actor pick for his performance as a brutal mobster in "  Drive , " but came up empty , no doubt providing more material for his neurotic comedy . Michael Fassbender , who gave two of the best-reviewed performances of the year in "  Shame " and "  A Dangerous Method , " was also overlooked , as was Ryan Gosling  "  Drive , " "  The Ides of March "  . Steve Kloves , who has adapted all but one of J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter novels for the screen -- and been widely hailed for capturing the books ' detail and humor -- did n't get a nomination , either . To date , Kloves ' only nomination has been for his adaptation of Michael Chabon 's novel "  Wonder Boys . " And perhaps most shockingly , Pixar was shut out of best animated feature for "  Cars 2 " -- the first time the famed animation studio has been snubbed in the category . "  That sends a powerful message that they need to up their creativity in their movies , " says O'Neil . "  They 're rubber-stamping their past successes with things like ` Cars 2 , ' and they 're being punished at the Oscars today . " Audiences felt the same way : Of Pixar 's 12 features , "  Cars 2 " is 11th in total box office , and dead last if the take is adjusted for inflation . In recent years the Academy has n't cared about box office as much , anyway . "  The Hurt Locker , " which won best picture two years ago , topped out at $ 17 million domestically . Of this year 's best picture nominees , only "  The Help " was a blockbuster , topping $ 100 million ; "  The Artist , " despite its reviews and honors , has yet to make $ 15 million domestically . The wide net indicates the power of the "  screener , " says O'Neil . Once upon a time Academy members had to catch all the movies in theaters . Now they receive DVDs -- or screeners -- at their homes and can see a broader range of possibilities . "  There 's a very noticeable trend , " says O'Neil . "  Lately they 've been paying attention to these screeners , and the box office does n't matter . They 're trying to send another statement . " Such nominees as Demian Bishir , who picked up a best actor nomination for "  A Better Life , " probably owe their slots to these marketing efforts . The Oscar glow Which is one reason the Oscars still matter . Audiences at home might ask , "  Who is Demian Bichir ? " But to agents , casting directors and promotion execs , the words "  Oscar nominee " can make a difference . There 's a reason you now see Jeremy Renner  "  The Hurt Locker "  and Christoph Waltz  "  Inglorious Basterds "  in bigger roles . This year , the talents to watch include Rooney Mara  "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo "  , Octavia Spencer  "  The Help "  and the two stars of "  The Artist , " Jean Dujardin and Berenice Bejo . And Melissa McCarthy , who nabbed a best supporting actress nomination for "  Bridesmaids , " has certainly gotten a career boost . The actress already has an Emmy for "  Mike and Molly . " The Oscar nomination was a "  pleasant surprise , " says Sperling . Still , the major nominees ' low box office could hurt the ratings for the Academy Awards broadcast , scheduled for February 26 . Traditionally , audiences like to have a rooting interest , and it 's hard to root for films that most people have n't seen . In the last five years , the Academy Awards ' best rating came in 2010 , when box office champ "  Avatar " was up for best picture .  Host Billy Crystal , always a popular figure , could help . Will the nominations boost the box office ? If "  Hugo " and "  The Artist " ca n't build on their grosses now , they probably never will , says Sperling . Her Times TV critic colleague , Mary McNamara , finds Oscar bait wanting . "  Film is suffering from ` who cares syndrome , ' " she said last week . " ` The Artist ' -- the seven people who saw it liked it . Yet the Academy rejects ` Harry Potter . ' That should win best picture , I think . " Unless the Boy Who Lived can pull the ultimate wizard 's trick , that 's not going to happen .	Oscar nominations reference old films , old names "  Hugo " and "  The Artist , " leading nominees , look back at pre-World War II era No nomination for Pixar -- a first for the animation studio Box office for major nominees has been low -- will nods help ?
CNN  -- Snow began falling over Colorado and Kansas on Tuesday as yet another round of winter weather began marching across the United States barely a week after a record-setting winter storm roared across the Midwest . A powerful weather system poised over the Rockies is forecast to dump several feet of snow in the Mountain West and up to 10 inches in some parts of Oklahoma , forecasters said . Much of Oklahoma is under a winter storm warning , but snow and sleet are predicted as far south as central Texas , with 2 to 4 inches expected to coat the Dallas-Fort Worth area , the National Weather Service said . Later in the week , the system is expected to bring rain and snow to many areas of the Deep South before delivering a wintry mix along portions of the East Coast by Thursday . Snow is expected to spread into Oklahoma and north Texas on Wednesday and into Wednesday night , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . By Wednesday , it also will begin spreading into the Southeast . Cities like Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas , could see 4 to 8 inches of snow , while lesser amounts are expected in Nashville ; Birmingham , Alabama ; and Atlanta . Bitterly cold temperatures will lock the center of the country in the deep freeze as the system moves east . "  Maximum temperature departures are expected to run 30 to 40 degrees below average for the central U.S.  Tuesday  with the same departures sinking south into Oklahoma and north Texas on Wednesday , " the Weather Service said . Rain is likely across most of the Southeast on Wednesday and Wednesday night . Scattered snow is expected in the Great Lakes region Wednesday . A historic storm left its mark on at least 30 states last week , dumping about 2 feet of snow on the Chicago area and prompting Oklahoma 's governor to declare a state of emergency . Another winter system at the end of the week left central and southern Texas a mess . Ice caused 800 crashes across the Houston metropolitan area and many freeways were closed because they were too dangerous to navigate , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Hundreds of flights were canceled as the winter weather threatened the plans of Super Bowl enthusiasts headed for the game last Sunday in Arlington , Texas .	Snow forecast from the Rockies into the mid-South by Wednesday Much of Oklahoma is under a winter storm warning The latest storm follows last week 's historic weather system
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The first search of Michael Jackson 's bedroom a day after his death found marijuana , skin-bleaching and hair-growing ointments , anti-insomnia pills and empty bottles of several anti-anxiety drugs , according to court documents unsealed Thursday . The documents reveal what investigators found in Jackson 's bedroom the day after his death . A substance initially suspected to be tar heroin proved not to be a narcotic , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . An affidavit , written by Los Angeles Detective Orlando Martinez , was used to outline probable cause for a warrant to search Jackson 's Holmby Hills , California , home on June 26 . Martinez filed his report on what was found in the search five days later . While the documents may provide some insight into Jackson 's life , they appeared to contain nothing that would lend new insight into his death . Another sworn statement written by Martinez several weeks later -- and made public earlier this week -- provided a more extensive list of drugs found by investigators at Jackson 's bedside . That document also revealed that toxicology tests led the Los Angeles County coroner to a preliminary conclusion that Jackson died of an overdose of propofol , a powerful sedative he had been given to help him sleep . The latest release refers to suspicions by some members of Jackson 's family in the hours after his June 25 death that heroin might have been involved . "  During the course of the investigation , family members of the decedent notified -LSB- coroner investigator -RSB- Chief -LSB- Ed -RSB- Winter that they located a quantity of tar heroin in a bag in the decedent 's bedroom located on the second floor of the residence , " Martinez wrote . He used this statement to justify a search of Jackson 's home because "  there may be additional medications and/or narcotics at the location as well as the necessity to confiscate these items for the safety of the minor children . " A source with knowledge of the probe told CNN Thursday that a test later showed that a brown , sticky substance found in the search was not heroin . The source asked not to be named because the source was not authorized to speak about it publicly . In addition to listing two Baggies of marijuana , the detective 's report of what was found in Jackson 's home listed three vials of Latanoprost Plus Solution liquid . An online search found medical journal references to this glaucoma medication also used to stimulate hair growth . Jackson suffered permanent hair loss when his scalp caught fire while taping a Pepsi commercial in 1984 . He was known to wear wigs in public after the mishap . Also listed on the detective 's report was Benoquin ointment , a medication used to lighten skin pigmentation in people with vitiligo , a skin condition . Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein , said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " last month that he had treated Jackson for the condition , which causes irregular patches of white skin . "  His was bad because he began to get a totally speckled look over his body , " Klein said . The coroner announced two weeks ago that the report on Jackson 's death was completed , but that police asked for it to be withheld until completion of the criminal probe .	Skin-bleaching , hair-growth ointments also found day after Jackson 's death Police searched Jackson 's home after family believed it found tar heroin Source : That substance was not heroin
CNN  -- Away from the hustle and bustle of Delhi 's dusty streets , where rickshaws , crammed buses and the occasional elephant usually set the tone for a cacophonous commuting experience , there is an air-conditioned haven that is the pride of local residents : The Delhi Metro . Just eight years old , the Indian city 's transport system has been hailed as a great success story -- its trains run on time , platforms are clean and journeys are quick . The metro carries hundreds of thousands of daily commuters and has helped to reduce Delhi 's massive traffic and air pollution problems . Since the start of its first phase , it has saved around 300,000 tons of fuel , and its potential to reduce greenhouse emissions is "  quite substantial , " according to Anumita Roychowdhury of India 's Center for Science and Environment . Watch a video of the ` miracle metro ' or click through our photo gallery above for more images . With the city now gearing up to host the next Commonwealth Games in October 2010 , the transport system is expanding to accommodate athletes , visitors and thousands of commuters . Have you ever ridden the metro in Delhi ? Share your experiences with us below or send us your photos and videos via iReport .	The metro carries thousands of commuters daily , helping Delhi tackle pollution and traffic Journeys are fast , trains run on time and platforms are clean The transport system claims it 's the first in the world to earn carbon credits
CNN  -- India and the United States have become embroiled in a full-scale diplomatic row involving the case of Devyani Khobragade , an Indian diplomat who was arrested last week and charged with visa fraud by U.S. authorities . Prosecutors claim she imported and employed an Indian housekeeper to whom she paid only a small fraction of her promised wages . After Khobragade 's arrest , she was strip-searched in a private setting by a female U.S. marshal . This in particular caused a firestorm of criticism in India , though prosecutors and police claim all standard procedures were followed and that Khobragade was even given special considerations due to her diplomatic status . OPINION : U.S. actually owes India apology over strip-search While the courts will eventually resolve the welter of claims and counterclaims -- even the most basic facts in the case are currently in dispute and the diplomat 's attorney says the charges are false -- it is clear that this arrest was the result of an investigation lasting several months . Given the sensitivity of arresting a diplomat representing a major U.S. ally , it seems likely that prosecutors feel that the case against Khobragade is very strong . However , even without being able to determine Khobragade 's guilt or innocence with respect to the charges , l'affaire Khobragade shines an unflattering light on several elements of India 's diplomacy and its politics of privilege . First , whether or not the charges and manner of arrest were proper , the intemperate reaction of the Indian government in response shows that , despite its status as an aspiring great power , India still frequently lacks the maturity on the world stage to behave like one . In the wake of the arrest , India announced a number of steps against U.S. diplomats , including revoking government-issued IDs for U.S. diplomats in India , stopping the U.S. Embassy from importing most goods , and most provocatively removing a concrete security barricade at the U.S. Embassy in Delhi . The sensitivity of such a threat to the embassy can not be taken lightly , and the willingness of the Indian government to take such a step indicates a situation in which politics has run roughshod over any sensible understanding of diplomacy . Even if India feels its diplomat was ill-treated , a responsible power does not inflame the situation , especially against an ally that happens to be the world 's most powerful country . There are many ways to show displeasure without putting the safety of American diplomats at risk . And there are more important moral and political issues that India has to address with the U.S. that do not involve , if the charges are true , vindicating the inalienable right of India 's diplomats to illegally import and underpay domestic servants . Meanwhile , Khobragade and her father , a retired senior civil servant in the elite Indian Administrative Service  IAS  have gone on a PR offensive , with Mr. Khobragade charging , "  It is nothing but a racial bias . It is simple and clear racial bias to harass the Indians . " In light of such claims , which were frequently echoed in the Indian media , it bears mentioning that the U.S. attorney who brought the case , Preet Bharara , is himself a native of India , and he has strongly defended the action . In addition to the Indian government 's extremely provocative steps , the treatment of the case by most of the Indian media has also shown a substantial moral blind spot : Few members of either the commentariat or the political class , neither of whom were short on outrage over Khobragade 's treatment , seemed to evince much sympathy for the maid in question , who , if prosecutors are believed , has been the victim of a crime , not the perpetrator of one . Quite to the contrary , according to Indian media reports , the maid 's family in India were threatened when she made her initial complaint and eventually were temporarily brought to the U.S. to assure their safety during the prosecution . The deafening silence in the maid 's defense , in favor of a full-throated defense of an alleged criminal of the higher social class , tells a sad story about the reality of power and privilege in India that will be familiar to many foreigners who have spent substantial time in the country . Indian politicians play frequent lip service to the "  aam admi " or common man , but the Indian press is daily filled with accounts of horrific mistreatment meted out by upper-class Indians against India 's "  common citizens "  for example , just last month a member of India 's parliament was arrested for beating a servant to death -- allegedly over the quality of her dusting  . In that context , it is worth noting that this is not the first recent case of alleged abuse of domestic servants at India 's New York Consulate . In 2011 , a member of the household staff sued India 's consul general in New York , accusing him of forced labor . He denied the accusation ; the case was subsequently settled but the terms of the settlement do not appear to be public . Less than a year later another Indian maid won a similar case against the consulate 's former press and culture counselor . In that case , according to the Christian Science Monitor , "  the Indian diplomat has refused to pay the amount , a position supported by an Indian court . " The ultimate disposition of the Khobragade case is uncertain -- perhaps U.S. prosecutors will have been found to have made a catastrophic blunder . But no matter what the result in the court of law , the case shines a disturbing light on the politics of privilege in India -- and on the ability of the Indian government to conduct diplomacy befitting a great power , one that seeks to ease tensions with allies over disagreements rather than needlessly inflaming them . OPINION : U.S. actually owes India apology over strip-search The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremy Carl .	U.S.-India in diplomatic dispute over treatment of consular official in New York Jeremy Carl : India 's government and media overreacted to the events He says India 's retaliatory measures do n't befit a great country , needlessly endanger U.S. relations Carl : Few observers in India focused on the apparent plight of the domestic worker
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-il tapped his son to join the powerful National Defense Commission -- a move analysts say makes the latter the heir apparent , South Korean state media said . Kim Jong-il has appointed his youngest son and his brother-in-law to the National Defense Commission . "  Kim Jong-un had been appointed to a low-level post , called ` instructor ' at the National Defense Commission days before the first session of the 12th Supreme People 's Assembly meeting was held , " South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported , quoting a source . CNN was not able to independently confirm the report . The secretive North Korea shields its internal affairs from international scrutiny . And often , the only news coming the Communist nation is reported by its neighbor South Korea . The two countries have technically remained in a state of war since the Korean War ended in 1953 , although relations have warmed somewhat in the last few years . The Korean conflict ended in a truce , but no formal peace treaty was ever signed . The 25-year-old picked for the North Korean defense commission is the youngest of Kim 's three sons , Yonhap said . The move comes two weeks after Kim added his brother-in-law Jang Song Thaek to the military board . Analysts said Jang will serve as a caretaker for the successor , Yonhap said . Jang , who has been married to Kim 's sister since 1972 , is considered his right-hand man , according to Yonhap . Kim was reappointed this month as chairman of the military board in his first major public appearance since a reported stroke in August . His recent health problems and long absence from public functions prompted speculation on whether he was ready to groom an heir to the world 's only communist dynasty .	North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il 's son joins National Defense Commission South Korean media says move makes Kim Jong-un his father 's heir apparent 25-year-old is youngest of Kim 's three sons
Los Angeles  CNN  -- If Charlie Sheen 's new sitcom is a hit , America 's soldiers , sailors , Marines and airmen will benefit because of a donation the actor is making to the USO . Sitcom Sheen is back with ` Anger Management ' Sheen will give 1 % of the profits of "  Anger Management , " with a guaranteed minimum of $ 1 million , to the USO , which provides U.S. military personnel "  morale , welfare and recreation-type services at hundreds of locations around the world , " the group said Monday . "  It 's an honor for me to be able to give back to these men and women of the military who have done so much for all of us , " Sheen said in a news release . "  They put their lives on the line for us every day , and I 'm just happy that my work on ` Anger Management ' can bring a little bit of relief to the troops and their families . " Sheen created the show , which airs Thursday nights on the FX channel , on the rebound from his dramatic firing last year from the hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men . " He was paid a reported $ 1.2 million an episode for that show . Sheen : ` This time , I 'm playing an adult ' There will be no cap on how much the donation will add up to , the USO said . Sheen 's donation will go toward an ongoing USO campaign called Operation Enduring Care , which supports injured troops and their families , according to Gena Fitzgerald , vice president of communications for the group . "  His support is greatly appreciated , especially from our wounded warriors and their families , " said John Pray Jr. , the retired Air Force brigadier general who is the USO 's executive vice president . Sheen to Rolling Stone : ' I was in total denial '	The USO get 's 1 % of "  Anger Management " profits There will be no cap on how much the donation will add up to , the USO says The USO provides U.S. military personnel with "  morale , welfare and recreation-type services "
CNN  -- Lawyers for James Holmes , the Aurora , Colorado , mass shooting suspect , took aim against the state 's insanity defense laws in court documents made public Friday . "  Colorado 's statutory scheme regarding the affirmative defense of insanity , and the introduction of any ` mental condition ' evidence at trial or sentencing , is unconstitutional in many individual respects , " they wrote in a 60-page motion and brief filed Thursday . The lawyers asked the judge to rule that parts of the state 's insanity defense laws are unconstitutional Among other issues , they cited the requirement that a defendant "  cooperate " with examining psychiatrists as a violation of the defendant 's privilege against compelled self-incrimination . Prosecutors have not said whether they will pursue the death penalty against Holmes , who is charged with 166 counts , including murder , attempted murder and other offenses in the July 20 shooting rampage in a movie theater that left 12 people dead and scores injured . Holmes is awaiting formal arraignment on the charges .	Holmes is charged in a shooting rampage that left 12 people dead and scores injured Shooting occurred last July in an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater
CNN  -- If you 've booked travel online , you may have been there . Nancy Cutter , a travel agent in Charlotte , North Carolina , discusses vacation options with a client . Online travel sites flooded with overwhelming options , all claiming the best deals . Extra fees nestled into the fine print amid blaring advertisements . Pounding 16 digits into the telephone after you 've booked the wrong flight before finally getting a human voice . A few weeks ago , Darin Kaplan , a tech-savvy 27-year-old California restaurant manager , clicked his mouse hundreds of times , surfing the vast choices offered by online travel booking Web sites like Expedia.com and Orbitz.com to plan his 28th birthday cruise to Mexico before he gave up in frustration . "  It 's a cut-and-paste experience when you 're booking online . None of these sites are going to tell me what I can do with different options , " said Kaplan , who uses the Internet for many purchases , including his basketball shorts and music tickets . "  Travel agents know what they are talking about . It 's more comforting to hand my money to someone who has the knowledge and experience . " Some travelers like Kaplan are finding themselves defecting from travel booking sites like Travelocity.com or airline sites like Delta.com . They are going back the travel agent , an industry that many industry experts once thought to be passé with the advent of online booking . Fewer travelers are enjoying using the Web to plan and buy trips , according to a study last week by Forrester Research , a market research company . About 46 percent of U.S. leisure travelers enjoyed using the Internet to book travel this year , down from 53 percent in 2007 . Difficult site navigation and presentation on travel company sites and hotel and airline sites are causing a growing number of travelers to shift away from the Web and consider using alternative methods of booking travel . "  People are saying ' I do n't understand my options , and I would like to talk to someone who can do all the searching and tell me what 's available , ' " said Henry Hartevelt , the analyst who wrote the Forrester study . "  Major travel agencies have absolutely failed in their responsibility to innovate and think of creative new ways to help their customers shop . " In the brick-and-mortar travel agent model , a trained agent meets with the traveler in person or establishes a relationship over the phone . For a fee , they discuss the travel options they have researched . These travel agencies began losing their monopoly on the industry during the late 1990s , when airlines began to sell tickets online and travel giants like Expedia.com exploded onto the scene , quickly gobbling market share by introducing the quick , do-it - yourself model . In 1995 , there were 37,000 brick-and-mortar travel agencies , according to the American Society of Travel Agents . Now , only 18,000 exist after many merged or folded . "  What the Internet has done is given us a nation that knows the price of everything and the value of nothing , " said Bill Maloney , CEO of the American Society of Travel Agents . "  How do you know if a hotel is actually a good value or if it 's overpriced ? You have these online generalists and these individual specialists . " Travel agent Nancy Cutter of Court Travel Ltd. in Charlotte , North Carolina , and a half-dozen other agencies across the country say they have experienced a surge in returning clients , who said travel Web sites were confusing and unhelpful . In several instances , brick-and-mortar agents say they were able to offer deals at the same price as , and even undercut , the travel agent models , dispelling the belief that the cheapest rate is online . Travel agents have deals with suppliers that can sometimes enable them to offer lower prices than on the Web . They also have time to cancel tickets for free , compared with some non-refundable tickets sold on the Web . Expedia.com said it recently waived the fee for travelers changing certain flights . "  Just because you can go out and buy Turbo Tax does n't mean it 's the best answer for everyone , " Cutter said . "  Some people will still go to an accountant . Booking travel can get complicated , and it 's just not as easy as it looks . " Travel agents do n't discount the value of online travel agencies , which can be useful for booking simple , short trips , but they say complex itineraries require more expertise from a professional . Many online travel companies agree that an agent may be valuable in planning a detailed honeymoon that includes a tour of vineyards in France or a family excursion to top snorkeling and kangaroo-watching destinations in Australia . "  If you 're the type of traveler who needs hand-holding up front , then sure , a travel agent would be great , but you can usually find that same information on the Web , " said Brian Ek , a spokesman for Priceline.com , a travel company famous for letting bidders set their own price . He said the agents available by phone at his company can help facilitate a sale and customize cruises for travelers . Online travel companies say they have made functionality improvements on their sites in recent years . For example , Expedia.com , the world 's largest online travel agency , offers a tool that can let customers compare seats on an airplane , with ratings on how comfortable a seat is and how much leg room is available . They also have hotel reviews and even Web tours of rooms to help travelers decide . And , research shows that online travel model is poised to grow . Even in a recession , when companies and individuals are scaling back on travel , Expedia.com saw a 22 percent air transaction growth rate in the last quarter . But Susan D. Tanzman of Martin 's Travel and Tours in California , who has worked as an agent for 35 years , points out that agents follow up with travelers before and after the trip . If the traveler needs help , the agency can offer assistance . They often work 24 hours a day . JoAnne Kochneff , owner of midsize agency Travel by Gagnon in Michigan , said agents can give the personal attention a site can not . Kochneff 's office provides a homey feel , with agents offering freshly baked cookies for clients who stop by to chat about their trips . "  They have personal experience traveling in the area , so they can give you a personal recommendation , " said Frances Mosser , 67 , of Kentucky , on her reason why she switched to the travel agent model this summer . Mosser and her husband booked a trip to St. Melo in France with a travel agent . The agent helped them devise a way to reduce travel time by taking Ryan Air between countries . "  I do n't think we could have planned the trip without her , " Mosser said .	Study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using Web to book travel this year Some Web-reliant travelers are shifting to brick-and-mortar travel agent model Travel agents often specialize in certain countries or tours for complex itineraries Despite recession , Expedia had a 22 percent air transaction growth last quarter
CNN  -- With one of his first jokes at the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards , host Seth Meyers cut to the chase : "  MTV aired the Video Music Awards last night . That 's right , MTV still has an award for music videos even though they no longer show music videos , " he said . "  That 's like network TV holding an awards show and giving all the trophies to cable and Netflix . That would be crazy . Why would they do that ? " There was loud laughter in the auditorium -- knowing laughter , because that 's what the Emmys have resembled in recent years : an awards show on network TV celebrating cable TV . During this year 's awards telecast , though , viewers could almost see the tug-of-war -- as the networks pulled off some surprising wins and Netflix found itself shut out of the major categories . In fact , Monday 's telecast felt at times like an elaborate commercial for network TV , interrupted ever so briefly by an actual commercial that Netflix paid to air during the first of the three hours . It was a reminder that the answer to the question "  What 's the future of television ? " is "  all of the above . " When it was all over , the cable channel AMC , home to "  Breaking Bad , " had picked up five Emmy statues , but so had CBS , the broadest of the broadcast networks . One of CBS 's five was awarded to Julianna Margulies , star of "  The Good Wife , " in the lead actress in a drama category . On stage , she thanked "  our writers who never cease to amaze me with 22 episodes a year " -- a jab at cable series that tend to have much shorter seasons . Another network series , ABC 's "  Modern Family , " came away with three wins , including the outstanding comedy award for the fifth year in a row . Television critics expressed disappointment on Twitter -- partly because there were newer , edgier nominees like Netflix 's "  Orange is the New Black " and HBO 's "  Silicon Valley " that deserved the prize . "  Even for the Emmys , this is some hardcore repetition , " NPR 's Linda Holmes wrote on Twitter . But ABC was understandably thrilled by all the recognition for the sitcom . "  Someone forgot to tell the voters that the networks were n't supposed to win anything , " opined Slate 's Willa Paskin . For viewers , of course , there 's hardly any network-cable tension at all . These days , TV fans barely distinguish between ABC and AMC and Amazon , and they do n't have to , thanks to newfangled set-top boxes and streaming video websites . Case in point : On Monday , I watched an old episode of NBC 's "  Friday Night Lights " on Netflix , then the Emmys red carpet on the cable channel E! , and then the actual awards show on NBC . Furthermore , all of the companies that own broadcast networks also own lucrative cable channels , and in many cases the same companies also license shows to streaming services like Netflix . Still , there is palpable tension within the television industry : Some broadcast executives resent the fact that long stretches of the Emmys -- which they take turns televising -- amount to celebrations of cable . The executives also point out that there are big differences between the business models of broadcast and cable , and in many ways , that favors cable . All of this raises a question that gets re-asked every year : Can a broadcast series like "  Downton Abbey , " on PBS , really compete with "  True Detective , " on HBO , or "  Breaking Bad " ? On Monday , the answer was yes , with an asterisk . Indeed , Margulies ' best actress win -- her second win in the category -- was all the more notable because "  The Good Wife " was not even nominated for best drama . Backstage after the telecast , Margulies said she felt very strongly that her award was "  for the whole team , " for the whole show . Other network wins included Allison Janney for her supporting actress role in the new CBS comedy "  Mom " and Jim Parsons for his lead actor role in "  The Big Bang Theory . " PBS 's "  Sherlock " earned three statues , as well . There was something of an underdog spirit to these wins -- underscored by the joke Meyers made upon introducing Stephen Colbert , the Comedy Central late-night star who will succeed David Letterman on CBS next year . "  He 's being demoted from cable to network TV , " Meyers quipped . Later in the evening , Colbert won the variety series Emmy for his "  Colbert Report . " Next year , his old cable and new network shows could compete with one another in the category . But broadcast , cable , HBO , Netflix -- viewers do n't care where the show comes from , as long as the show 's worth watching . And the lines between all the different versions of TV will continue to blur .	Host Seth Meyers joked about network TV celebrating cable shows Some critics were unhappy with "  Modern Family " win Netflix nominees and other edgy cable shows were shut out this year
Washington  CNN  -- An American lawyer has been holding secret negotiations with Iran for the release of an Iranian-American being detained for two years . Reza Taghavi , a retired businessman from Orange County , California , has been held in Iran 's notorious Evin prison since his arrest in May 2008 without ever being charged , his lawyer said . Los Angeles-based attorney Pierre Prosper told CNN he has been talking to the Iranian government since September 2009 and traveled to Tehran in December to seek the release of Taghavi , a retired businessman accused of supporting an anti-regime group . Taghavi , 71 , traveled frequently to Iran to visit family and friends without incident , according to Prosper . In April 2008 , he went to Tehran with his wife . Before he left , he was asked by an acquaintance in Los Angeles to take $ 200 for a friend in Tehran "  who was down on his luck . " Los Angeles has a large Persian community . Taghavi did not know the individual to whom he was asked to deliver the money , Prosper said . He handed over the money and two weeks later was detained by Iranian authorities , after the recipient of the money was arrested on charges of association with an anti-regime group called Tondar . The group , which seeks to restore the monarchy in Iran , claimed responsibility for the April 12 , 2008 , bombing of the Hosseynieh Seyed al-Shohada mosque in the city of Shiraz . Prosper declined to name the man , who he said has since been tried and convicted . Taghavi has a rag-to-riches story , his 36-year old daughter , Leila Taghavi , told CNN . He brought his family to the United States in 1979 , before the revolution , and stayed on in California to keep his family safe . Leila Taghavi said her father taught himself English , started a video game company in his garage and grew it into a successful corporation , which he handed over to his son when he retired 10 years ago . "  His life was the American dream , " Leila said . "  He learned everything the hard way , sacrificed for his children and taught us to be grateful for the good things . He is wonderful , honest and generous , the kind of father every daughter would want . " Taghavi 's family was silent for more than a year about his arrest , fearful his arrest would be politicized in Tehran and Washington by getting the American government involved . "  It was blind faith , really , " Leila said , explaining the silence . "  Not knowing it would take this long , and fear of the system . There was never a doubt of his innocence . " In September 2009 , with no movement on the case and losing hope he would be released , they hired Prosper to contact the State Department and initiate a dialogue with the Iranian government . Prosper said he contacted the State Department about seeking a consular visit by Swiss diplomats , which was denied because Iran does not recognize the dual citizenship of Iranian-Americans . The United States and Iran do not have formal relations , and Switzerland serves as the "  protecting power " for the U.S. in Tehran . A U.S. State Department spokesman urged Iran to allow Swiss diplomats to be granted consular access to Taghavi . "  We are adamant that we believe he should be released on humanitarian grounds along with all the Americans who are unjustly held there , " Mark Toner , a State Department spokesman , told CNN Wednesday . A senior government official who met with Prosper said the lack of information makes it difficult to help Taghavi . "  As far as we are concerned , there are no facts in the case , " the official said . "  Our concern is that he should get due process . " Taghavi is one of several Americans in prison in Iran . American hikers Josh Fattal , Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd were detained on July 31 , 2009 . According to their families , they accidentally strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while on a hiking trip in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . They are being held on espionage charges . Kian Tajbakhsh , an Iranian-American scholar who spent four months in jail in 2007 , was arrested in July after the disputed presidential election and sentenced to 15 years in jail for spying . His sentence was later reduced by an appeals court to five years , and a State Department official tells CNN he has been released for two weeks from jail to celebrate the Persian New Year . The United States has no information about Robert Levinson , a former FBI agent who disappeared in Iran almost three years ago . After being hired by Taghavi family last September , Prosper said he contacted the Iranian Permanent Mission to the United Nations and was granted a meeting with the ambassador , who eventually put him in touch with Iran 's foreign ministry . After several months of weekly contact with Iranian officials in New York and Tehran , Prosper was invited to Iran in December for talks about Taghavi 's case . Prosper said he was briefed on the Iranian view of the case but was told the authorities were still investigating the matter . "  It 's still not clear what the accusations actually are , " he said . Prosper left Tehran without being allowed to see Taghavi , but he was taken to visit victims of the 2008 mosque bombing by Tondar in an Iranian effort to show him the threat the regime says it 's facing from "  terrorist groups " being financed from sources abroad . "  I think they had me meet with victims and survivors of the bombing to let it be known that they , too , in their eyes had experienced terrorism , " Prosper said . It is unclear why the Iranian government invited Prosper , who served as the ambassador-at-large for war crimes under the Bush administration and as a prosecutor for the Rwanda tribunal at the Hague , for talks in Iran . Beyond talking about the case and attacks at the hand of the Tondar group , Prosper said his Iranian hosts made no effort to broaden the discussions to include the nuclear standoff between Iran and the West or the Obama administration 's offer of engagement . The facts of the case remain a mystery . Taghavi 's family maintains he is innocent and has never been involved in political activism against the Iranian regime . Prosper acknowledged the case has been a challenge to investigate because of his inability to question people in Iran and the lack of information from the government or Taghavi 's Iranian lawyers in Tehran , who do n't speak English . But based on his discussions with the family and his own "  due diligence , " Prosper said he believes Taghavi is an innocent man , whose only crime is guilt by association . As a former prosecutor , Prosper said he believes if the Iranians had a case against Taghavi , they would have already tried him . He 's seeking a humanitarian release for Taghavi , who suffers from diabetes and whose health is deteriorating in prison , according to his family . The political upheaval in Iran after the disputed presidential election and subsequent violent crackdown on demonstrators has complicated his efforts , the lawyer said . "  It casts a shadow over our efforts , " Prosper acknowledged . "  What I 've been doing to my best ability is to cut through that , cut through the fog that has been created , focus on Mr. Taghavi and work with the Iranian authorities on the substance of what happened in 2008 . " Leila Taghavi traveled to Iran last year and was allowed a brief visit with her father in prison . "  I saw him behind a window , " she said , choking back tears . "  It was painful to see your father , an innocent man , behind a window . " "  We are chipping away at this , " Prosper said . "  I want to give them credit for the dialogue , but the proof will be in the results . We are holding out hope because that is the only thing we can do . ... Effectively his life is at stake . " Leila spoke with her father by phone Wednesday morning and said he sounded tired and anxious . "  My biggest hope is that this message reaches people and somebody can do something , " Leila added . "  Not just for my father , but for the many people that are trying to get their loved ones out of Iran . "	Businessman Reza Taghavi of California has been held in Iran since May 2008 arrest Attorney Pierre Prosper says he 's been talking to Iranian officials since September 2009 Family initially kept the detention a secret , fearing publicity would inflame situation Taghavi came to the United States in 1979 before the Islamic Revolution
Tel Hazor in northern Israel has long been a treasure trove for archeologists , but a recent discovery of part of a 4,000-year-old Egyptian sphinx has been a most unexpected find . Inexplicably buried far from Egypt , the paws of a sphinx statue , resting on its base , have been unearthed with an inscription in hieroglyphs naming King Mycerinus . The pharaoh ruled in 2500 BC and oversaw the construction of one of the three Giza pyramids , where he was enshrined . "  Once in a lifetime you find something like this , " says Amnon Ben-Tor , the director of the excavation and a professor at Hebrew University , which sponsors the archeological digging . "  This is of extreme importance from many points of view , since it is the only sphinx of this king known in the world -- even in Egypt . It is also the only monumental piece of Egyptian sculpture found anywhere in the Levant , " he said , referring to the region spanning the east of the Mediterranean Sea . Ben-Tor says the sphinx was deliberately broken , as were about 10 other Egyptian statues that had been previously found there . When cities fell , he said , most statues had their heads and hands cut off . "  This is what happened to this one here . He lost his hands , " Ben-Tor said . The full sphinx is estimated to have been a meter tall , weighing half a ton . Read more : Ramadan sees rise in binge eating The team will continue to search for the rest of its body on the archeological site covering 200 acres -- even if it takes 600 years , the length of time Ben-Tor expects for the site to be fully excavated . As for the biggest question of all -- how the sphinx got to Tel Hazor -- it will likely remain a mystery . "  Maybe this was a gift which the Egyptian king sent to the local king of Hazor . Maybe . To prove it ? Impossible , " Ben-Tor said . Tel Hazor was the capital of the city of Canaan 4,000 years ago , its population reaching 20,000 . Located on the route connecting Egypt and Babylon , the city prospered . Excavations first began in the 1950s , and it is now recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO . During most of the year , this remote part of Israel is quiet . But every summer , archeologists , students and volunteers descend on Tel Hazor to uncover how the ancients lived . The site has become important for biblical archeology , which aims to illuminate events in the Bible . Read more : Spectacular train stations to transform Riyadh There is no shortage of artifacts here , with discoveries seemingly made daily , including clay pots and bowls . But the real goal is to use them to understand civilizations . "  The documents we found at Hazor tell us about the people , tell us about their names , about their culture , about their cult , about marriages , about divorces , about economies , " Ben-Tor says . "  All these things we learned from out at Hazor . We did not just find mute stones . We have to make these stones speak . And that 's what we do . " But experts and volunteers say part of the rewards of working on the excavation is getting to know a different group of people -- those still living . Shlomit Bechar , a doctoral candidate in archeology at Hebrew University , serves as a supervisor of volunteers over the summer . "  There 's also a story behind every find . A human story . Not just ancient humans , but also the volunteers that we have in the area , " she said . Coming here is considered an experience of a lifetime , even though the work is hard and there is no pay . One of the volunteers , Robin Jenkins , is not an archeologist but has been coming to Tel Hazor from Canada for 10 years . He is a self-described archeology junkie on a "  workcation . " "  You get to meet people from all over the world , " he said . "  Israel 's a great country . This site is really interesting . Every year something new comes up . "	A 4,000-year-old Egyptian sphinx was an unexpected find in an Israel excavation site , Tel Hazor Only the paws have been found so far , and the piece bears the name of a pharaoh who ruled in 2500 BC The normally quiet part of Israel is enlivened every summer when archeologists and volunteers arrive to dig Excavations first began in the 1950s , and numerous artifacts and documents have been unearthed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tom Laughlin , the actor who wrote and starred in the "  Billy Jack " films of the 1970s , died Thursday , his family confirmed Sunday . He was 82 . Laughlin 's Billy Jack character was a heroic Native American ex-Army Green Beret who used his karate skills to fight racism and oppression . The second of the series -- titled "  Billy Jack " -- was a low-budget independent film that became a box-office blockbuster in 1971 . Laughlin 's vigilante character defends a counterculture "  Freedom School " from townspeople who harass and discriminate against the Native American students . The film was criticized by those who saw its central theme as a message that violence was an answer to injustice . Laughlin resorted to renting theaters himself to show the film after Hollywood studios refused to distribute it . The Billy Jack character first appeared in "  The Born Losers " in 1967 , fighting a motorcycle gang . Laughlin co-wrote and directed the film . Laughlin later attempted a political career , putting his name on presidential primary ballots in 1992 , 2004 and 2008 . Laughlin 's acting career began with TV and film roles in the 1950s , including a "  lover boy " role in Sandra Dee 's 1959 beach movie "  Gidget . " His wife of 60 years , Delores Taylor , also acted in his "  Billy Jack " films . Laughlin died near his Thousand Oaks , California , home Thursday , his family said . He is survived by his wife , three children and five grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	The Billy Jack character was a Native American ex-Green Beret vigilante The low-budget "  Billy Jack " became a box-office blockbuster in 1971 The film was criticized for its message that violence was an answer to injustice
CNN  -- India made Edgbaston a home from home Sunday to beat England by five runs in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy . After rain had reduced the allocated 50 overs per side to just 20 overs each , India successfully defended their 129 for seven score as England fell agonizingly five runs short . Roared on by thousands of their fans , who formed the majority of the crowd at the ground in Birmingham , the reigning 50 overs world champions again showed their mettle in one-day cricket . Chasing a moderate target , but on a worn pitch taking spin , England looked well-placed to win after a fine stand between Eoin Morgan  33  and Ravi Bopara  30  . But paceman Ishant Sharma , who looked the weak link in the Indian attack , then struck back by claiming the pair in successive balls in the 18th over . Two more wickets fell in the next over bowed by left arm spinner Ravi Jadeja to leave England reeling . Tailender James Tredwell needed a six off the last ball bowled by Ravichandra Ashwin , but his desperate heave was unsuccessful . It left India to celebrate , having gone through the eight-team tournament undefeated , while England are still waiting for a global one-day international trophy . They have lost in the final of three World Cups and the final of the 2004 staging of the Champions Trophy in England . They will now turn their attentions to the battle for the famous Ashes against old foes Australia -- with the first Test taking place next month . For India , it 's another triumph under the captaincy of MS Dhoni , but victory looked unlikely after a below par batting display , only lifted by an excellent late stand from top scorer Virat Kohli  43  and the ever dangerous Jadeja , who was named man of the match . Dhoni was proud his team kept their nerve at the death . "  We handled the pressure really well . People talk about technique but the better players are the ones who respond to the pressure , " he told Sky Sports .	India win ICC Champions Trophy Beat hosts England at Edgbaston in rain-hit final India made 129 for seven wickets in 20 overs England came up short on 124 for eight
CNN  -- CNN picked the brains of the Plastiki 's crew members before they set off on the voyage . From the importance of the mission to a pint of Cornish cider , skipper Jo Royle tells CNN about her hopes and fears , how she plans to get through the voyage , and what she looks forward to most at the end of it . CNN : What did you want to be when you were young ? Royle : I wanted to engineer a way to spend as much time on or by the ocean as possible . CNN : What 's the one characteristic that has led you to where you are today ? Royle : Thriving off the feeling of living just outside my comfort zone . CNN : Who inspires you ? Royle : Everybody ! CNN : What 's the most important lesson you 've learned about yourself from the Plastiki project ? Royle : Put your energy into your beliefs , think outside the box and it will happen . CNN : What 's your biggest hope for the expedition ? Royle : To communicate to as many people as possible that our oceans are our umbilical cord to life , without healthy oceans we are not healthy , no matter where we are in the world we are directly connected to the ocean . CNN : At what point would you define the Plastiki a success ? Royle : The Plastiki is already a success , it has proven that we need to think about the way we consume , the way we manufacture products , how we need to think about a products end life before it is created . Most importantly it has proven that no one is as smart as everyone ; the Plastiki is a success because she has created a platform for many incredible minds to collaborate and engage in conversations on how we can ensure we leave this world in a better condition than we found it for our future generations . At the moment this feels like a tough ambition , but an exciting one ! CNN : What are your favorite sea creatures ? Royle : Jellyfish , as we know so little about them , but their increasing population is a direct indication of the health of our oceans . Dolphins , as they are our true companions when sailing across oceans . Seals , as they look so lazy and fat , but if you get on the wrong side of them they certainly show you who 's boss . CNN : When is the last time you personally used a plastic bottle ? Royle : I 'm not sure , but we still get guests aboard the Plastiki who leave plastic water bottles behind ! Have you tried to spend just one week without consuming anything plastic ? I have , and it was impossible , I had to steal my flat mate 's toothpaste when I ran out ! CNN : What do you most value about nature ? Royle : The way she makes your life feel like such a speck in the grand scale of things , your little worries feel so insignificant , the way she can make us feel like a visitor , but has her welcoming arms wide open . If we listen and open up she naturally teaches us how to live a sustainable , healthy life . She is always boss , we can choose to respect that , and live our lives as a caretaker , or not , but in the end she will always be here . CNN : What 's the one creature comfort you 'll miss most when you 're at sea ? Royle : Cycling my bike through the countryside . My buddies and a good pint of Cornish cider ! CNN : Name 3 books you will bring with you on the expedition . Royle : I will be researching my Masters dissertation on populations displaced because of human influenced climate change , so lots of journals . If anyone has anything on this topic please send it to me ! I 'll be taking Sylvia Earle 's latest book , which I am currently reading , but not finding the time to finish . I also might take a copy of Jim Dodge 's "  Stone Junction " . CNN : If you had to choose a theme song for the expedition , what would it be ? Royle : "  Plastikians " by Jerry Zeiger  written just for the Plastiki  . CNN : What 's your favorite adventure film ? Royle : "  The Kon Tiki " . CNN : What 's your green motto ? Royle : The more time you spend in the natural environment , the more you will naturally become a better caretaker of the planet . CNN : What 's the most important thing you 've done to prepare for life at sea ? Royle : Lived in a city for a year , this is the longest time for over ten years that I have not been on an ocean adventure . As much as I love San Francisco I ca n't wait to get back to life on the ocean . CNN : What 's the main emotion you 're feeling right now days before the launch ? Royle : My brain is running a million miles an hour to try to dot every "  I " and cross every "  t " in the preparations for the passage . Once we leave we ca n't pick up what we have forgotten , we just have to make do with what we have . CNN : What 's your biggest fear for the expedition ? Royle : I do n't have big fears in my mind at the moment , we have spent a long time meticulously preparing the boat with an incredible team of talent . I am a sailor , so I have a huge respect for the ocean , and understand the path to take to minimize risk , I am in my element at sea . CNN : What 's the first thing you 'll do when you reach Sydney ? Royle : Have a shower ! I 'll also enjoy the post-adventure feeling of mixed emotions ; having achieved an awesome adventure , but also leaving a tight knit Plastiki family life behind ! Oh , and maybe party a little !	CNN asked crew members about hopes and fears for the voyage Skipper Jo Royle looking forward to communicating message of the mission Will take journals for her MA research ; believes mission is already a success
CNN  -- How much should the rest of the world worry about the crisis unfolding in Europe ? For anyone who cares about the state of their personal finances and the size of their reserves for retirement , the answer is : A lot . For investors , it 's a time of risk and opportunity . Investors exhaled with some relief Sunday after voters in Greece gave a narrow victory to New Democracy , a party that vows to work with European leaders to keep the struggling country in the eurozone . But the crisis is nowhere near solved . Greece has to find a way to stability while Spain and Italy , much more important economies , show worrisome signs . When scenarios of "  Europocalyspe " and "  Eurogeddon " are evoked , you know things are getting bad . Because in today 's interdependent and hyper-connected world , no continent can feel secure while another is sliding economically . What happens in Europe has the potential to determine the outcome of the U.S. presidential election in November . It could trip up America 's feeble recovery , create more unemployment and take a toll on the global stock market . Conversely , if Europe manages to avoid a financial storm , it could remove a huge cloud of uncertainty hanging over the global economy and brighten the outlook -- and the portfolios -- of investors everywhere . Pro-Euro Greek right tries , again , to form government If you doubt that European problems could affect U.S. shores , take a quick glance at history for a chilling lesson . Prominent economists have drawn an eerie parallel between today 's events and those of the early 1930s when , as the world limped in the aftermath of the 1929 Wall Street crash , a banking crisis in Europe took the world economy into another downward spiral and led to an explosion of extremist politics that , ultimately , set the pathway to World War II . If you do n't care about the politics , consider just the stock market in the last 100 years . The Dow Jones Index , which stood at 381 in early September 1929 , lost half of its value in the two months after the Great Crash of October . But the worst was yet to come . By 1932 , the index had plummeted a breathtaking 90 % from the September highs , dropping to just 41 . The years after the 1929 crash brought a stomach-churning roller-coaster ride . The Dow climbed more than 400 % from 41 to 194 and then back down to 92 , before stabilizing and resuming a relatively steady climb during World War II . Imagine seeing your savings , your retirement funds , cut to one-tenth their size . It took a quarter of a century for the market to return to pre-crash levels . Those who bought stocks when the index stood at 41 saw their investment eventually soar to spectacular heights -- especially those who picked the right stocks at the right time .  The tycoon , J. Paul Getty , among others , started building his fortune by snapping up bargain stocks . So what do those events in the 1930s , which unfolded when bankers , politicians and investors knew so much less about the economy , have to do with our world , the age of the Internet , the era of unlimited access to information and advanced economic theories ? If European leaders and the voters who elect them glean the right lessons from history and manage to steer their continent away from the edge of the cliff , then we wo n't see a repeat of that disaster of a global crash . But no one knows whether Europeans will get their economic problems straightened out . This means that anyone who owns stocks or other investments should take a deep breath and decide just how much risk he or she is willing to accept . Most Americans own stocks through mutual funds . Millions have their money in employee-provided retirement accounts and rely on the stock market for their future without realizing it . Many top-rated investors are minimizing their stake in the market . The legendary Jim Rogers says he 's pessimistic and not buying stocks . He 's buying gold and other commodities . The investment giant BlackRock is telling clients to stock up on cash and safe-haven bonds and treasury bonds even though this is not the best strategy in the long run since it provides negative returns when you factor in inflation . For the more adventurous and optimistic , there 's the lure of potentially huge returns , if Europe dodges disaster , or , in the aftermath of a crash . European leaders are getting strong advice from all directions . While the Greeks suffer , the Spaniards face severe unemployment , and fringe political parties spring up and grow stronger , economists from both sides of the Atlantic are urging German Chancellor Angela Merkel to reverse course from her push for strict austerity , which is choking economies already in depression . My sense is that Merkel will do whatever it takes to not let the eurozone come apart and will ease up on austerity while the storm passes . But nobody has a crystal ball ; not for the market , not for the politicians . For investors , the most important point to keep in mind is that these are not days like others . It is a time of crisis , of great risk and , as happens when there is great risk , also of potentially great rewards . Those who wish to take the risk should do it with eyes wide open , not by accident , neglect or inertia . The epicenter of the crisis may be in Europe , but the shockwaves will know no boundaries . Everyone should pay attention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Anyone who cares about personal finance needs to pay attention to Europe 's crisis Ghitis : Europe 's problems could have huge impact on the U.S. , just look at the 1930s She says investors are reducing their stake in the stock market in fear of a big crash Ghitis : It 's a time of great risk , but also of potentially great reward
CNN  -- Hong Kong is well suited to providing a quick hit of urban thrills and retail therapy , but time-pressed visitors can also get a glimpse of another side of the city away from the shopping malls and neon-lit streets . It 's not hard to find things to do or places to go at any time of day or night . A trip to The Peak is a good point from which to begin the day . Home to some of Hong Kong 's most expensive properties , it 's also the place for an unbeatable view , smog and weather permitting . Catch a tram there from next to the tranquil Hong Kong Park -- where early risers practice their tai chi -- or take a cheap taxi ride , which can whisk you there in a few minutes . A clear morning will reveal the city 's high-rise buildings and skyscrapers unfurled below , with Kowloon and the green and mountainous New Territories in the middle distance . The pay-to-enter Peak Tower will also give you a view of the southern side of Hong Kong Island and the South China Sea , although a short walk round Lugard Road is a more rewarding way to take in the city below and work up an appetite . Hong Kong is a restaurant city and dim sum , which refers to a variety of light dishes like dumplings , is a city staple that can be enjoyed at any time in this 24-hour city . It 's most commonly taken as a mid-morning meal . Image gallery : Hong Kong highlights " Head back down towards Hong Kong 's Central district , center of the city 's finance and banking industry that funded the striking skyscrapers . The Luk Yu Tea House on Stanley Street is an oak-paneled gem that retains its charm despite its popularity : it 's a fine spot for tea and dim sum . For even more local flavor , pull up a plastic stool at a "  dai pai dong , " or street restaurant , situated further along Stanley Street , for cheap , quick , tasty eats . If you 're in the city on Sunday , Maxim 's in Wan Chai is one of the few places where dim sum is still served by aging trolley dollies . Flag them down as they trundle past ; point , eat and enjoy . You ca n't book a table but it 's worth a visit for the atmosphere and harbor backdrop as much as the food . Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places on the planet , but its bustling streets are easy to navigate , helped by the affordable and plentiful taxis and an efficient public transport system . The city 's skinny trams are a throwback to a different era and worth jumping on for a short journey just to watch the city go by : consider it a good chance to digest lunch . While the city is generally unsentimental when it comes to preserving its old architecture , Sheung Wan , well within walking distance from Central , can give you a better feel of the city away from the shiny malls and new office buildings . From Queens Road , jump on the escalator  yes , escalator  all the way up to Caine Road and wind your way back down the hill . The Dr Sun Yat Sen Museum and some incense-burning temples are nestled among the evocative streets , where you 'll also find galleries and independent shops . The area is subject to increasing gentrification , so stroll down Gage Street while you still can : its market will soon disappear as part of the area 's redevelopment . Head towards the piers to catch the Star Ferry to Kowloon . Take one of the vintage green tugs -- as iconic as the city 's skyscrapers -- from Central Pier to Tsim Sa Tsui  commonly referred to as TST  on the other side of the harbor . As shopping is more of a way of life than a pastime for many Hong Kongers , you 'll find you 're never far from luxury brand outlets . TST offers just as many consumer delights as anywhere in the city . Away from the air-conditioned glitz of TST 's Harbour City shopping plaza , or the boutiques around Granville Terrace , the streets to the north of Yau Ma Tei have a more visceral feel where shopping is no less popular and goes on until late at night , especially at the bargain-paradise for watches and bags , the "  ladies night market " on Tung Choi Street . Even if shopping is n't on the agenda it 's a great place for people watching and getting a sense of the energy of the city . From the throng to a bit of flash : early evening cocktails at Felix or Aqua bar should revive any weary spirits . The swank factor here is high , but there are killer views . They are also great vantage points for the lights and laser show that illuminates the skyscrapers on Hong Kong Island every night at 8pm . On the island side , Sevva 's balcony is next to the HSBC building , where you can feel closer to the lights and laser action while enjoying some well-mixed cocktails . Horse racing , like shopping , is another Hong Kong passion and if you 're in town on a Wednesday race night , losing a few dollars at Happy Valley racetrack is great entertainment , as well as a glimpse into the expat social scene . Finding a place to eat dinner is never a problem , but for a night on the town head to Central 's Soho  here it means South of Hollywood Road  . Lan Kwai Fong is the main honey-pot for the bar crowd , but there 's better to be had around Peel Street , Staunton Street and -- for extra posing potential -- Wyndham Terrace , where the bars and restaurants stay open late , late enough at least until the clubs open their doors . What are your tips for getting the most out of the city ? Use the Sound Off box below and have your say .	Take a morning walk round the Peak for stunning views before diving into the city Sample some of the world 's best dim sum and indulge in some retail therapy Cocktail bars with a view of Hong Kong Island should play some part in your evening Tell us about your favorite places in Hong Kong using the Sound Off box , below
CNN  -- Football 's world governing body FIFA has called for greater security to be provided after three players from Algeria 's national football team were injured when Egyptian fans threw stones at the team bus as it arrived in Cairo on Thursday . The north African arch-rivals meet on Saturday in a crucial World Cup qualifying game in the Egyptian capital , as the group-leading Desert Foxes aim to qualify for the tournament for the first time since since 1986 at the expense of the reigning African champions . FIFA delegate , Walter Gagg , witnessed the incident and told reporters : "  We saw that three players had been injured -- Khaled Lemmouchia on the head , Rafik Halliche above the eye and Rafik Saifi on the arm . "  These were n't superficial injuries . With the stitches needed , we will have to see if these players can play . The team doctor has still to make a decision on that . " Gagg confirmed Algeria 's goalkeeping coach had been concussed after the windows of the coach were smashed by stones thrown by fans . FIFA announced their concerns following the incident in a statement on their official Web site which read : "  FIFA 's Organizing Committee for the FIFA World Cup have asked the Egyptian Football Association and the highest national authorities ... to confirm the implementation of the necessary additional safety and security measures at any time for the Algerian delegation . "  Last week , FIFA had officially written to the Football Associations of Algeria and Egypt to express its firm wish that the preliminary competition for the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa ends as it began , in the spirit of fair play with the necessary cooperation of all the parties . " The two north African neighbors have a history of intense competition -- the two sides locked horns in 1989 in a final qualifier for the World Cup hosted by Italy , a match that was followed by riots . Egypt , despite winning the last two Africa Cup of Nations , are on the brink of failing to qualify for the World Cup that will be held on African soil for the first time in 2010 . The Pharaohs need to win by three-goals to book their place in South Africa , a two-nil win will leave the teams equal on goal difference forcing another play-off to take place on neutral ground .	Three of Algeria 's players are injured as Egyptian fans throw stones at the team bus in Cairo FIFA call for strengthened security to be provided for the ccrunchWorld Cup qualifier between the two north African rivals The last time the two sides met in a qualifier riots followed the game Algeria lead African qualifying Group C which leaves Egypt need to win by three goals to progress
CNN  -- An image on the website of Pura Vida Studio , in the picturesque Maine town of Kennebunk , shows 18 smiling women and one man flushed after an arduous dance workout . But that 's not the full picture , authorities say . Prosecutors say 29-year-old fitness instructor Alexis Wright was paid to have sex with customers in her Zumba studio . She allegedly got help from her business partner Mark Strong , a 57-year-old insurance salesman and private investigator . Wright is accused of having sex with dozens of men and videotaping many of the encounters . Strong 's lawyer , Dan Lilley , tells CNN that prosecutors have given him a list of 150 patrons and a computer hard drive with some videos , with erotic titles , that are part of the investigation . Neither Wright -- whose studio is "  now closed , " according to its website -- nor her attorney , Sarah Churchill , returned calls from CNN . The local district attorney declined to comment on the case . Both of the accused pleaded not guilty this month to prostitution-related charges : 106 against Wright and 59 counts against Strong . Attorneys act to conceal names in Zumba sex case According to Kennebunk police , authorities were tipped off in September 2011 to illicit activity at the studio . A subsequent investigation , with help from Maine 's State Police and the Drug Enforcement Agency , led to the execution of search warrants on February 14 . Police arrested Strong on July 10 , making the case public for the first time . That was followed by indictments against him and Wright . And the whole case has fueled debate , in Kennebunk and in the courts , about whether the alleged clients should be publicly shamed . Today , the town -- a stone 's throw from the tourist haven and rocky shores of Kennebunkport where , among others , former President George H.W. Bush has a seaside home -- is on edge , waiting for the other shoe to drop . Police have been handing out summonses to those accused of soliciting a prostitute ; all who receive one would then have to appear in court to answer the misdemeanor charges . According to Lilley , the Johns include lawyers , accountants and even a local TV personality . The Kennebunk Police Department routinely detail who in their community has been charged , with what crime , on its website . But the names of those accused of paying to have sex with Wright have not been published -- at least not yet . In a notice posted online , the department said Friday it is waiting to release names pending an appeal made to the state Supreme Judicial Court of a lower court ruling denying a temporary restraining order to block the identities from getting out . Kennebunk Police plan to hold off releasing further information until the high court weighs in on the case . Until then , tensions are high in Kennebunk about what might happen if some of its most prominent townsfolk are publicly shamed . Josh Raymond , who works at a bakery in the town of just over 5,000 residents , said customers are talking about the scandal , but in hushed tones . And local radio host Stan Bennett said about half his listeners support outing Wright 's alleged clients , while half think it 's not worth the pain it might cause their children . Despite public pressure not to , the York County Coast Star has signaled its intention to publish the names -- like they would anyone else charged with a crime -- once police release that information . The newspaper 's editor , Laura Dolce , wrote the decision to do so was n't easy , understanding "  many in the community ... would prefer we not print the names at all . " But she said listing the names was the right thing to do , making it clear who authorities believe was and was not involved . "  There are people in this community who have had their names dragged through the mud for months because people believe they are on the list , " Dolce said . "  We also believe that printing the names of those charged with engaging a prostitute is the fair thing to do ... to help set the record straight and put to rest the ugly rumors that continue to circulate throughout town . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Kristina Sgueglia and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Maine Zumba instructor Alexis Wright , 29 , faces 106 prostitution-related charges Her business partner , Mark Strong , is charged on 59 counts Authorities say clients paid Wright for sex in her dance studio in Kennebunk , Maine Some are worried about police naming those accused of soliciting prostitution
CNN  -- The junta leading Niger following last week 's coup and suspension of the constitution is working to return the country to democratic rule , a United Nations official said Sunday . "  The political party is very keen to return power to civilians and transition to an all-inclusive democracy , " U.N. Special Representative for West Africa Said Djinnit told CNN . "  This transition began with the occurrence of the coup and the expiration of the constitution and implementation of a new constitution . " The new constitution already is in the works , said Djinnit , who along with representatives from the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States met with junta leaders in Niamey , Niger , on Sunday to push for a quick resolution to the conflict . "  The mission of this meeting is to assure this coup is the last , " Djinnit said . "  No coup can be tolerated . " President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp following Thursday 's coup . Soldiers reportedly stormed the presidential palace , according to the United Nations , and the French Embassy reported hearing intermittent gunfire less than a mile from the palace . A military official announced the suspension of the constitution later that day and attributed the order to the Superior Council for the Restoration of Democracy . The violence may have been prompted by a collapse of talks between the government and the opposition over a recent referendum allowing the president to hold power indefinitely , according to the United Nations . Tandja had been in office since 1999 , but Niger 's previous constitution mandated only two , five-year terms for president , according to the CIA World Fact Book . General public sentiment in the west African nation of 15 million appeared to favor the coup , according to Djinnit , who said life had returned to normal for civilians and many had gathered in rallies of support . Djinnit 's observations back earlier reports that the situation was calm in Niger , with children returning to school and shops open for business . CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	General public sentiment in Niger appears to favor last week 's coup , U.N. official says U.N. : Collapse of talks over president 's effort to supersede term limits may have led to coup President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp New constitution in the works , U.N. official says
CNN  -- Starting next year , Cubans traveling abroad will face fewer hurdles leaving the country . The official news site Granma reported Tuesday that the Cuban government will no longer require a travel permit and a letter of invitation . Until now , Cubans had to pay $ 150 for an exit visa . A resident in the country that the Cuban wanted to visit would also have to write a letter of invitation . Read more : Raft with Cuban refugees sinks near Cancun Fees associated with the letter ran as high as $ 200 . That 's a steep price in a country where the average official monthly income is about $ 20 . Even with the two documents , a traveler could run up against a wall if the government denied an exit visa -- as it has done with many dissidents . Medical professionals are only allowed to leave Cuba to work for the government abroad . But once the new requirements go into effect on January 14 , travelers will only have to present a valid passport and an entry visa for the country where they are headed . The move is part of the reforms that President Raul Castro promised when he took office in 2008 . Read more : Cuban Missile Crisis ground zero , 50 years on At the time , he pledged to do away with unnecessary restrictions . And that year , he lifted prohibitions on Cubans staying in hotels and buying mobile phones . The new change , however , does not mean that anyone wanting to travel will get a passport . "  The ordinary passport will be issued to the Cuban citizens who meet the requirements of the Migration Law , " which is being modified , according to the report in Granma . While the report does not say how the law will be altered , it does add that the government will fight brain -- and money -- drain "  from the aggressive and subversive plans of the US government and its allies . " It will do so by leaving in place measures to preserve "  human capital created by the Revolution from the theft of talents practiced by the powerful nations . " Read more : Should U.S. raise a fist or offer a hand to Cuba ? CNNE 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	The Cuban government is ditching two travel requirements Getting rid of these documents will save travelers money A traveler will need a passport , but not everyone can have one President Raul Castro has pledged to do away with unnecessary restrictions
CNN  -- Yemen is tightening security at all of its airports in the aftermath of a plot to send bombs from Yemen to the United States , the country 's National Civil Aviation Security Committee said Monday . "  Every piece of cargo and luggage will go through extensive searching " at all of its airports , the agency said . Cargo companies such as DHL , FedEx and UPS will be required to make more stringent checks before accepting any packages , according to the committee . Other countries also put restrictions in place Monday in reaction to the security concern . Germany banned all incoming flights from Yemen , air traffic control officials said . And in the United Kingdom , Home Secretary Theresa May told Parliament that all passenger and cargo flights , as well as all flights holding unaccompanied freight from Yemen and Somalia , will be banned for a month , at which time the measure will be reviewed . Somalia was included in the ban because of the possibility of contact between al Qaeda in Yemen and terrorist groups there . Britain banned passengers from carrying toner cartridges larger than 500 grams in hand baggage on flights departing the country . South Korea is stepping up security ahead of a summit of world leaders next week , it announced Monday . Incheon International Airport will inspect all air cargo coming from destinations on the list of nations that sponsor terrorism , South Korean customs said Monday . The FBI has dispatched teams of explosive experts to the United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates to help examine the explosives found late last week , a federal law enforcement official said . The parcel companies also remained on alert . FedEx , for instance , is not transporting or accepting any parcels originating from Yemen , spokesman Jim McCluskey said . The company continues to work with U.S. authorities to assure that the highest safety levels are met , he said . It also is working to clear packages that have been held since Friday . An embargo on shipments from Yemen , which was set to expire Monday , was extended through November 8 , a U.S. Transportation Security Administration official said . A senior Yemeni government official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said the decisions to cancel flights and shipments out of Yemen will be interpreted as a "  collective punishment " against the country . The Yemeni public will see it as a collective punishment for unclear gains , the official said . Nobody benefits from this except al Qaeda , he added . Meanwhile , Yemeni authorities are intensifying operations to capture militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and to capture or kill al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim Hasan al-Asiri , the senior official said . Investigators in Yemen strongly suspect that al-Asiri , al Qaeda 's top bomb maker in the region , is behind the explosive devices sent in the parcels , he said . U.S. authorities are also looking at al-Asiri because the parcel bombs used the same explosive , PETN , as last year 's foiled underwear bomber , also linked to him . Authorities , however , have not divulged details about the purported links between al-Asiri and the explosives . Yemen needs "  a lot of help " to fight al Qaeda , an aide to the country 's prime minister said Monday . "  Al Qaeda has got a global sort of agenda , so you need global collaboration and regional collaboration , " Mohammed Qubaty said . "  We need a lot of help as regards security information , logistics , " and new ways to confront them , he said , even as he emphasized that Yemen does not want foreign troops on its soil . "  We have got our security and our armed forces on the ground there , " he said , saying the country does not want to become another Iraq , presumably referring to the 2003 U.S. invasion . The U.S. military commander credited with helping reduce violence in Iraq said Washington had been concerned about Yemen for some time . "  When I was the commander in Iraq , we already saw the problems starting to loom in Yemen , " Gen. David Petraeus said . He said that when he was in charge of all U.S. military forces in the region , "  We did focus a great deal of additional attention on helping our Yemeni partners there , and the events of recent days have shown why that was valid . " On Friday , authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages with explosives that were destined for synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . The explosive found in the United Arab Emirates may have traveled on passenger planes to get there , airline officials said Sunday . Both explosives appear to have been designed to detonate on their own , without someone having to set them off , the top White House counterterrorism official said . "  It is my understanding that these devices did not need somebody to detonate them , " said John Brennan , President Barack Obama 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism . U.S. investigators believe that bomb maker al-Asiri , 28 , is linked to that package and another one found on an airplane in Britain 's East Midlands Airport on Friday , a federal official , who was briefed by authorities , said Sunday . Al-Asiri , who is thought to be in Yemen , is a Saudi who was high on Saudi Arabia 's list of most wanted published in February 2009 . He is also believed to be the bomber who designed last year 's attempt to blow up an airliner on December 25 . "  The thinking is it 's the same person or group of people that built the underwear bomb because of the way it 's put together , " said a U.S. government official , who had been briefed by multiple U.S. authorities and law enforcement sources . "  But this one is about four times as powerful . " Separately , an engineering student arrested in Yemen was released Sunday , along with her mother , according to her father , Mohammed Al-Samawi . Human rights attorney Abdul-Rahman Barman earlier identified her as Hanan Al-Samawi , a fifth-year student at Sanaa University in the Yemeni capital . A high-level source in the United Arab Emirates said Hanan Al-Samawi 's name was found on the cargo manifest of the device found in Dubai . She said Monday that she was not guilty . "  I am totally innocent , and there is no proof against me , and that 's why I have been released , " she said . Authorities do not have any American suspects , a U.S. official said . Two schools in Yemen were being looked at in connection with the plot and had been on the radar of U.S. officials , the official said . The explosive device found in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , was contained in a Hewlett-Packard printer and had a motherboard originating from a mobile phone but did not have a SIM card in it , the high-level source said . The device was professionally assembled , the source said . The motherboard was connected by a striker to the printer head and then to the cartridge , which was filled with explosives . Authorities have the serial number of the motherboard and the printer , and they are searching to see where it was sold , how it was paid for and what information they can glean about the people who performed those transactions , according to the source . Authorities believe an explosive device found at the East Midlands airport flew from Yemen to a Persian Gulf state and then to Cologne , Germany , the official said . The device was then transferred onto a UPS plane . Investigators are still attempting to retrace the route of the Dubai device , according to the high-level official . Some believe that it went to Doha , Qatar , on Qatar Airways , where it spent the night before traveling to Dubai the following day . However , it does appear the devices flew on commercial passenger planes , the high-level official said . Screening the devices would have been difficult , since printers normally contain computer parts and wires , according to Richard Quest , CNN 's aviation correspondent . American authorities are now endorsing British Prime Minister David Cameron 's position that the explosives were designed to take down an airplane , the official said . However , a U.S. official said Sunday that the United States has not drawn any conclusions on the intent of the bombs and whether they were intended to explode in flight , at the synagogues or somewhere else . American and British authorities think al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen is linked to the plot . A key figure in the group is al-Awlaki , the American-born Yemeni militant cleric whom U.S. authorities have linked to Fort Hood shooting suspect Maj. Nidal Hasan and the man accused in the Christmas Day bomb attempt . On Friday , Brennan declined to name al-Awlaki specifically as a suspect . "  Anybody who 's associated with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is a subject of concern , " he said . The U.S. Transportation Security Administration is sending six inspectors to Yemen to help improve cargo security , an official with the agency said Sunday . "  Even before this incident , 100 percent of identified high-risk cargo on inbound passenger planes was being screened , " TSA Administrator John S. Pistole said in a statement Sunday , noting that security procedures will evolve based on the latest intelligence information . Over the past several months , Yemen , which wants to be seen as a committed partner in the fight against terrorism , has launched several offensives against al Qaeda in its country but has not captured al-Awlaki . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Bharati Naik , Caroline Paterson , Jeanne Meserve , Mohammed Jamjoom , Susan Candiotti , Brian Walker and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Embargo on shipments from Yemen extended to November 8 Yemeni authorities intensify hunt for militant cleric and bomb maker Germany bans all incoming flights from Yemen United Kingdom also bans flights and the carrying of large printer cartridges
London , England  CNN  -- Stevie Wonder has had more than 30 U.S. top ten hits and has won 22 Grammy Awards -- more than any other male artist . Blind from birth , Wonder 's music has always reflected his concern with humanitarian and social issues . On Thursday , he joined the prestigious list of U.N. Messengers of Peace and will focus on the battle for disabled rights . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announced the appointment , calling Wonder a "  musical genius " and "  great humanitarian , who has campaigned against apartheid , for children in need , and for persons with disabilities . " Speaking about his new U.N. role Wonder told CNN 's Becky Anderson : "  It 's about that ten percent of the world that suffers with a disability . It 's about sounding that alarm off that says to the 90 percent : it 's time to get it together for those of us with disabilities . " Asked by Anderson what phrase which would encapsulate his mission Wonder said : "  We can never let our fears put our dreams to sleep . " He said the 90 percent of people who are n't disabled should learn not to fear disability , whatever form it takes and called for a stop to an "  ignorance to the highest point of ridiculousness . " Wonder hopes that politicians will listen to him in his new role as a U.N. messenger . "  If you love my music that much , then care about those ten percent as well . There are 650 million disabled people in the world . Lets do something about that . Lets make a change , " he said . The popularity of Wonder 's music at the White House is well known . Indeed , President Obama says he owes a lot to his music . When awarding Wonder the U.S. 's highest award for pop music : the Library of Congress ' Gershwin prize earlier this year the president said : "  Michelle might not have dated me , we might not have married . The fact that we agreed on Stevie was the essence of our courtship . " Wonder is n't surprised to see a black man in the White House . "  That whole place of feeling that you ca n't have a black president or a female president , it 's always been about people 's inability to think out of the box that 's always been backward in the first place . " The only downside from Wonder 's new role is for his fans . His new album "  Gospel Inspired By Lula " wont be coming out until next May he told Anderson . He admitted that after all these years in the business he still gets nervous and still hits the odd bum note . "  We did a show recently where my voice cracked and I said ` we got ta do that again ! ' We all laughed about it . " Does he have a favorite song from his own catalogue ? "  I always use this thing that Duke Ellington would say . He used to say that ' I have n't written it yet . ' I guess I would say the same . I would say this to you : whatever your favorite is , is my favorite too . "	Stevie Wonder talks to CNN about his new U.N. role The multi award-winning Grammy artist is a new Messenger of Peace Wonder will fight for the rights of 650 million disabled people worldwide
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Military divers have found the body of a U.S. paratrooper who went missing last week in a river in western Afghanistan . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the soldier was found close to where he disappeared November 4 . Officials are continuing their search for a second paratrooper lost at the same time . Both men -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- disappeared in the Morghab River near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan . The men were on a routine resupply mission , the NATO group said . Family members identified the recovered body as that of Benjamin Sherman , 21 , of Plymouth , Massachusetts . They said he jumped into the river when he saw a fellow soldier struggling in the water . "  I know that day he jumped into the river to try to save his comrade was because he did n't just see another soldier in the water ; he saw his brother , " said Sherman 's sister , Meredith , in a statement to CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston , Massachusetts . "  He did n't jump in because he was trained to but because that 's what his heart told him to do . " Sherman 's mother , Denise , said the family called him "  the unstoppable one . " "  I raised him with the understanding that when you choose to do something , you do it to the best of your ability , " she said in a statement to WCVB . "  He was powerful , ingenuous and determined . " CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Two U.S. soldiers went missing in Afghan river on November 4 Both lost in Morghab River near border with Turkmenistan Family identifies recovered body as that of Benjamin Sherman of Plymouth , Massachusetts Search continues for the other paratrooper
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update at 12:35 a.m. Friday -RSB- A biker was indicted Thursday night in connection with the clash with a New York SUV driver , according to the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . Officials did not release what charges Robert Sims was indicted on . He is the only one of seven charged who has been indicted . -LSB- Originial story posted at 10:44 p.m. -RSB- Seventh biker charged in SUV attack CNN  -- Another biker was charged Thursday in connection with a September 29 attack on an SUV driver in New York City . James Kuehne , a 31-year-old Brooklyn resident , pleaded not guilty to gang assault , assault and criminal mischief charges . He was released on $ 200,000 bond . Counting Kuehne , seven people have now been charged in the incident , including an off-duty police officer . Authorities , who have appealed for the public 's help in identifying people in photos , have n't ruled out more arrests or charges . The incident was sure to get attention , taking place on one of the busiest roads in one of America 's busiest cities . But the story caught on even more after video of the episode went viral . According to Assistant District Attorney Samantha Turino , motorcyclists heading north on Manhattan 's West Side Highway "  were driving recklessly , ... obstructing vehicle traffic , running red lights , swerving between lanes " when one of them , later identified as Christopher Cruz , quickly slowed down in front of SUV driver Alexian Lien . Lien 's vehicle bumped Cruz 's rear tire , slightly injuring him . The Range Rover then pulled to a stop , at which point angry bikers surrounded his vehicle , hit it and spiked its tires , police said . Lien 's vehicle then began moving again , plowing into three more bikers , including Edwin Mieses , whose wife , Dayana Mieses , said earlier this week she has been told there 's only a 1 % chance he 'll walk again . As it moved away , the SUV was chased by motorcyclists , who caught up with it near the George Washington Bridge . Several bikers dismounted and approached the vehicle , with one of them opening its door , before Lien then drove away again . Motorcyclists continued their pursuit , with some speeding ahead of him to help halt traffic . That 's where the ordeal ended , with Lien getting dragged out , kicked and hit . He suffered cuts to each eye , his right cheek , the left side of his body , and his lip , in addition to a pair of black eyes and abrasions to his hand , back and shoulder , according to Turino . His wife and 2-year-old daughter were unharmed . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Vivienne Foley and Greg Botelho contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : Robert Sims is the first person indicted in the biker clash with an SUV driver in New York James Kuehne , a 31-year-old Brooklyn resident , pleaded not guilty He is released on $ 200,000 bond Kuehne is the seventh person charged in connection with the attack
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Get your dance shoes on . Korean singer Psy , who became a worldwide sensation with his smash hit "  Gangnam Style , " is making another attempt at a global phenomenon . He performs his sequel , "  Gentleman , " live for the first time Saturday , hoping to avoid the fate of other one-hit wonders . His video for "  Gangnam Style " was the most viewed clip on YouTube with a staggering 1.5 billion views -- and growing . More than 50,000 fans are expected to pack Seoul 's World Cup Stadium on Saturday to see "  Gentleman , " a performance that will be streamed live on YouTube . The concert comes against a backdrop of increasing tension in the region amid North Korea 's belligerent rhetoric and nuclear threats . But it 's business as usual for many in Seoul . Neither the government nor concert organizers are concerned about any additional security measures for such a massive gathering , and tickets have been selling fast . "  The thought of danger never even occurred to me , " said Seoul resident Sungoh Bang , who plans on attending the concert with a group of friends . "  Gentleman " and "  Psy " were two of the most searched for keywords on South Korea 's biggest online portal , Naver , on Thursday , as Psy posted a snippet of his new dance . But fans and critics eager to see the rapper 's new video in full will have to wait longer . "  We wrapped the music video shoot on Tuesday , and its in the editing phase right now , " YG Entertainment public relations representative Hwang Min-hee told CNN . "  It 's rather difficult to say when it will be released because we do n't know how long the editing will take . " The music video was produced by the same team behind "  Gangnam Style , " and will feature K-pop girl group member Ga-In of Brown Eyed Girls . The choreographer behind the famed horse dance also dreamed up the moves for "  Gentleman . " The real Gangnam Style : Beauty Belt , wedding town , 24-hour culture	The new song is a sequel to the worldwide hit "  Gangnam Style " Psy worked with the same music video team and choreographer behind his viral hit The first live performance will be on Saturday in front of 50,000 fans
Editor 's Note : Republican strategist Alex Castellanos was a former campaign consultant for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign and has worked on more than half a dozen presidential campaigns . Castellanos is a partner in National Media Inc. , a political and public affairs consulting firm that specializes in advertising . He has produced many Republican political ads and has clients such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . Alex Castellanos says Barack Obama 's change theme has buckled to "  top-down liberalism . " CNN  -- In theater , they say the second act is the hardest to write . It requires relentless focus and discipline . The writer must give himself fearlessly to one central idea and never waver , though temptation is the opposite : There are many paths a story can take . So it is in politics , as Barack Obama 's campaign is learning . The clear campaign of change ran into trouble in Act II when it was tasked with explaining what change actually meant . Obama , as they say in show business , "  ran out of script . " The wind in his sails stalled in the hot calm of August and he has yet to recover . After John McCain 's improbable resuscitation to seize the GOP nomination , the Arizona senator 's top aides briefed him about his exacting challenge : He would go into the conventions trailing Obama by at least 8 percentage points and then battle back through the fall to parity . Yet , as cooler days and hotter rhetoric mark the start of the fall finale , it is Obama who finds himself clawing back , forced to attack , launching uncharacteristic partisan and personal attacks against a McCain who has "  lost track " of and is "  confused " about how many houses he owns . How did the soaring campaign of change become grinding politics-as-usual and crash so thunderously to earth ? The Obama campaign 's clear message in the primaries was a bottom-up , organic populism that cast voters themselves as the agents of change . "  We are the change we have been waiting for , " Obama told his supporters during the primaries . In return , they sang , "  Yes we can . " This heady mix of populism and change swelled his campaign into a cause . In marketing terms , it is called "  voter as hero . " Obama empowered his supporters , telling them they , not the old political establishment , could achieve anything . Bottom-up politics is one thing , however . Bottom-up government , another . When Barack Obama became the nominee of the national Democratic establishment , the candidate of hope ran into political reality : His party 's canons of governing are the opposite of change . Barack Obama may believe "  change does n't come from the top down , it comes from the bottom up , " but the leadership of his party does n't . The national Democratic establishment , from the Daily Kos and MoveOn.org to Pelosi and Reid in Congress , still believe in top-down big-government from Washington , especially if they get to run the factory . Politically , they are industrial-age dinosaurs They believe the era of big government is back , not over . They would keep money and power in their hands , not devolve it to the average American . That was not something the Denver Democrats were eager to confess . Instead , they advocated a sly European-style socialism that would not speak its intent . "  Decent , quality health care as a fundamental right and not a privilege , " the Democrats offered during the first night of their convention . A big-government health-care factory run by Washington ? That 's change ? Why not the same for food , clothing and shelter ? But relax , Joe Lunchbucket , an even bigger public-sector industrial plant will impose no cost on your family . Obama 's party promises not to tax you , just business -- the people who sell you your groceries and gasoline and sign your paychecks . As Fred Thompson noted in his GOP convention speech , "  They wo n't take any water out of your side of the bucket . Just the other side . " This is not "  voter as hero " but , instead , "  voter as victim . " A heroic Washington has all the money , the power , and the answers . Same old , same old . So the candidate of change fell silent . And he sang change never again . Barack Obama could have spoken truth to power . He could have pledged to confront the Democratic Party establishment . He could have brought a more natural , organic era of bottom-up government , not just bottom-up politics , to a dated party clinging to a decaying philosophy of authority . But when the irresistible force of Obama 's bottom-up politics met the immovable object of Democratic Party power , it was the dream , not the power , that conceded . "  Yes we can " turned out to mean not "  Yes the people can " , just "  Yes Washington can . " Too bad . It would have refreshed the Democratic Party and the country . This movie is not new : The candidate who runs to change the establishment does n't . Instead , we see it change him . The hope for real change in Washington has been suffocated by an older generation 's embrace . Now , Barack Obama finds himself trapped without a post-partisan message . Instead of challenging politics-as-usual , he sells the usual partisan politics : "  Bush-McCain " , he shouts from rooftops , sounding like every other Democrat in the chorus , pretending partisanship is fresh . The story ? Bottom-up change ran into top-down liberalism . Old-fashioned liberalism won . That 's Act II . Stand by for the play 's end . This opinions in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Alex Castellanos : Obama 's message was populism and bottom-up change Obama campaign taken over by Democratic establishment , he says Castellanos : Democratic party champions big government and opposes change "  Yes we can " turned into "  Yes Washington can , " Castellanos says
Nurse Kaci Hickox has cut a deal with authorities that permits her to travel , more or less freely , while monitoring her health . But Hickox , who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , says she wo n't go into town where she lives or public places , even though she 's allowed . "  The truth is I completely understand that this town has been through a lot and there 's still a lot of fears and misinformation out there . I think we need to start addressing those issues , " she told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday night . "  It 's also true that I only moved here to Fort Kent , Maine , in August . So , you know , there are a lot of people who do n't know me . I 'm still an outsider , and I just sort of want to respect their wishes , " she said . On Friday , a judge in Maine ruled in favor of Hickox , who defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with state authorities . District Court Chief Judge Charles LaVerdiere said local health officials failed to prove the need for a stricter order enforcing an Ebola quarantine , and ordered Hickox to submit to "  direct active monitoring , " coordinate travel with public health officials and immediately notify health authorities should symptoms appear . Weighing returning Ebola workers ' liberty , public safety Maine authorities had wanted Hickox to stay home for the remainder of a 21-day period -- the incubation time for the deadly virus -- following her return to the United States , although she has tested negative for the disease and has shown no symptoms . "  There is no science behind it with this disease , " she told CNN about quarantine . "  We know that Ebola is not transmitted as easily as many other diseases and that self-monitoring and even an enhanced version , which is what most states in the U.S. are going to now ... This will work , " Hickox said . She first made news when she returned from a month working with Doctors Without Borders . Hickox had an elevated temperature at an airport in Newark , New Jersey , officials said . She was put into an isolation tent . She blasted New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for enforcing a new policy that required anyone showing symptoms of Ebola , including an elevated temperature , to be isolated . "  The biggest reason that I fought is because I , you know , felt so much fear and confusion , and I imagined what my fellow aid workers were going to feel if they came back to this same situation -- and the more I thought about the fact that these policies are being made by politicians , really not the experts in the field -- the more I felt like I had no choice but to fight back , " Hickox said . The ruling in Maine just applies in her case . It has no bearing for anyone else possibly returning from working with Ebola patients in West Africa , which is why Hickox believes more work must be done . "  I 'd like to see more leadership at the national level as well . We really need evidence-based policies and these knee-jerk reactions , you know , they 're just not being well thought out , " she said . "  The fight is not over . " Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed	Hickox recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients She defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with authorities "  We really need evidence-based policies , " not "  knee-jerk reactions , " Hickox tells CNN
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban authorities have released dozens of members of the "  Ladies in White " group after detaining them , a dissident said Monday . All of the members of the group who were detained Sunday were released , said dissident Oscar Ernesto Chepe , who supports the group . Cuba 's official state-run media has not reported on the arrests , which occurred about a week before Pope Benedict XVI 's scheduled visit to the island . The organization , known as "  Damas de Blanco " in Spanish , is composed of the family members of Cuban dissidents , many of whom have been jailed . Every Sunday , the women march silently from a Havana church to their homes to protest against the Cuban government . The island 's government has said the women are paid by the United States to create disturbances on the island . "  We were doing our march as we usually do when women dressed in civilian clothes stopped us , " said group member Katia Sonia , who said she was among a group of 22 demonstrators arrested Sunday . Sonia said the women were state security agents , who took the marchers to a police station for questioning . Another 52 women from the group were arrested , she said , as they made their way to the Mass. . The arrests may have been the result of the group marching a few more blocks than they typically do , or because tensions before the pope arrives in Cuba are spurring a new crackdown , Sonia said Monday . Last week 13 members of a dissident group were arrested after entering a Catholic church and refusing to leave until there were permitted an audience with the pope . The group was later arrested after church leaders failed to convince them to leave . The Ladies in White have also asked to meet with the pope during his visit to Cuba . So far , no meetings with opposition groups are on the pope 's schedule for his three-day trip , which includes two large public Masses . A spokesman for the White House National Security Council accused Cuban authorities Monday of using "  tactics of intimidation and harassment to stifle peaceful dissent " as the pope 's visit nears . "  The detention of members of the Damas de Blanco this weekend in Havana in the lead up to Pope Benedict 's visit underscores the disdain of Cuban authorities for the universal rights of the Cuban people , " spokesman Tommy Vietor said in a statement .	A dissident says all the "  Ladies in White " who were detained Sunday have been released Members of the group are relatives of Cuban dissidents Their arrest comes a week before the pope 's scheduled three-day visit White House National Security Council : Cuba is using "  tactics of intimidation " to "  stifle dissent "
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Mexican authorities are having an Eliot Ness moment . Imagine what it felt like for the famed U.S. federal agent to arrest legendary gangster Al Capone in 1929 . It 's probably close to how our southern neighbors feel now that they have in custody Miguel Angel Trevino Morales , leader of the brutal paramilitary drug cartel known as The Zetas . The takedown is a major coup for Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , who came to office just seven months ago and returned the Institutional Revolutionary Party to power . I had the chance to meet with Peña Nieto in Mexico City in November a few weeks before he was sworn in , as part of a group of other Americans . It was clear from what we heard that he intended to implement a different strategy against the cartels than the one deployed by former President Felipe Calderon , who hailed from the rival National Action Party . His predecessor took the fight to the cartels , and the result was more than 70,000 deaths with some estimates reaching as high as 120,000 . Even before he was elected , Peña Nieto had signaled to Mexico 's voters that surrender was n't an option , that legalizing drugs was n't on the table , and that the fight against the cartels would continue -- with different methods and objectives . The new plan was to continue to confiscate the traffickers ' money and drugs while not driving up the body count . Peña Nieto was supposed to focus less on capturing drug lords and more on curtailing violence and protecting the Mexican people . I wanted to understand this terrain better . And so , before I left Mexico City , I met up with an old friend who also happens to be one of the best reporters in the business and certainly one of the most knowledgable about Mexico . Alfredo Corchado is the Mexico City bureau chief for the Dallas Morning News and author of the acclaimed new book , "  Midnight in Mexico : A Reporter 's Journey Through a Country 's Descent into Darkness . " I asked him if Americans should be concerned now that there is a new sheriff in town . What is to stop Peña Nieto from giving up on this war ? "  I do n't think they can afford to give up on it , " Corchado said . "  That would be like conceding the country . And yet , I also think the strategy of going after the cartels , confronting them head-on , is only going to generate more and more violence . " This is supposed to be a new kind of drug war , although it bears a striking resemblance to the old war . As critics have pointed out , the number of casualties in first six months of Peña Nieto 's administration are almost identical to the number in the last six months of Calderon 's tenure in office . Some Mexicans are wondering if , politics aside , the two major political parties in Mexico will turn out to be more or less the same in the war on drug trafficking . For a frame of reference from this side of the border , think about how -- in fighting the war on terror -- President Obama has borrowed liberally from President George W. Bush 's strategies for securing the U.S. homeland . And from the looks of it , Mexico 's enemy is just as determined as ours to wreak havoc and create nightmares . In the last 10 years , the drug trade in Mexico has become much more brutal . A big reason for that is the arrival on the scene of The Zetas , and dangerous individuals like Trevino Morales who had a $ 5 million bounty on his head courtesy of the U.S. government . The cartel is a relative newcomer in Mexico 's bloody drug trade . Its origins date back to 1999 , when elite commandos of the Mexican army decided that they would rather work for the drug traffickers than shoot it out with them . So they deserted and became the muscle of the powerful and well-established Gulf Cartel . In 2010 , Los Zetas went into business for themselves . Three things set them apart : They have diversified their illicit activities beyond drug trafficking to include extortion , kidnapping , prostitution and other crimes ; they 're more sophisticated and tech savvy than their rivals , according to U.S. authorities ; and they are much more violent and apt to brutally terrorize the population -- with beheadings , torture , mass killings , grenades tossed into crowds , bodies hanging in the town square like pinatas at the mercado , and more . Even with Trevino Morales behind bars , the horror is likely to continue . His brother is in line to succeed him . The metaphor you hear from the cynics in Mexico is that when authorities cut off the head of the serpent , another head grows in its place . Perhaps . But high-profile arrests like these do serve a purpose . They put the cartels on notice that they 're in the cross hairs , and make it clear that the Mexican government wo n't negotiate with narco-terrorists . That chapter of the story is new , at least when you think about how cozy these parties were a few decades ago . "  For 50 or 60 years , we looked the other way , " said Corchado . "  It 's like you do n't want to let the evil spirit out of the bottle . That 's what we did in Mexico for too long , and now that it 's out , you 're going to have to face a monster . " Now that our neighbors are no longer looking the other way and they 're confronting their monster , Americans must continue to back them up so they do n't have to do it alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those Ruben Navarrette .	Mexico arrested Miguel Trevino Morales , leader of the brutal drug cartel The Zetas Ruben Navarrette : The arrest is a major coup for new Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto He says Trevino Morales is behind bars , but his brother will take over the cartel Navarrette : High-profile arrests put the cartels on notice that they 're in the cross hairs
CNN  -- Some fashionistas will look to the runway for inspiration as Mercedes Benz Fashion Week kicks off in New York this week . Others will simply turn on the TV . Characters ' wardrobes have been used to dictate more than just a setting or a character 's frame of mind arguably since Patricia Field transformed HBO 's "  Sex and the City " into a live-action fashion magazine in the '90s . But as many of the notable costume designers making their mark on fall TV will tell you , clothes and accessories have always played an integral part in the storytelling process . Jill Ohanneson outfits the cast of ABC 's "  Revenge " with more than 20 years under her undoubtedly stylish belts . Ohanneson says the key to costuming the Hamptons-set drama , which follows Emily Thorne  Emily VanCamp  as she takes vengeance on the people who destroyed her family , is sticking to pieces that are "  simple yet elegant . " "  The clothes are really important because it shows we 're not in New York  City  . It shows that we 're not in the South . We 're not in San Francisco , " Ohanneson said . "  What I try to do is really place us in that particular world . That world of leisure . You know , ` Am I going to go golfing today ? Am I going to go sailing today ? ' " So despite what Ohanneson is drawn to on the runway , she 'll stick to pieces that make sense for the show and on each actor 's body . "  I will always end up pulling from runways or collections what works for my actors versus what the trend is at the moment , " she said . "  If my actor can not wear that great dropped-waist dress that 's happening out there right now for summer , I ca n't put it on her . ... I would n't want to send her onto the set in something that 's not flattering . " Viewers will be well into fall by the time "  Revenge 's " second season premieres on September 30 . On-screen , however , summer will just be underway . That 's one reason Ohanneson stocks the wardrobe in the months leading up to production , while the weather is still warm . "  We 're going to probably film summer up until , I 'd say Christmas . ... Throughout the  TV  season , there are some designers I can work with that I know keep a summary feel , " she said , adding she often dresses the youngest Grayson , Charlotte  Christa B. Allen  , in Nanette Lepore and Trina Turk . What else can fans expect to see ? "  Not necessarily the color block , but the mixing of solids and patterns , " Ohanneson said . "  Textures are really important , as well as the bright colors , which work well for summer in the Hamptons . " But not every character will be rocking feel-good hues . There 's "  trouble in paradise " as the season premieres , she said , and viewers can expect to see that reflected in the color palette . Even Emily , who Ohanneson routinely dressed in "  spotless white " last season to embody "  the ultimate Hamptons princess , " might be wearing more tans , grays and denim blues . "  I 'm  keeping that darker layer on top so that it 's almost an emotional layer between her and the rest of the world , " she said . Rarely dressed in white is Ashley Davenport , played by British actress Ashley Madekwe . Madekwe , who writes about fashion on her personal blog , told CNN , "  We try to make it clear that  my character is  not from the Hamptons . She 's a London girl who then moved to New York , who now works in the Hamptons . I think we try to give her a little bit more edge . I 'm very anti-beach attire , so there 's never any of that . " And though Madekwe admires some of the pieces in Ashley Davenport 's closet , she said she would never wear them off set . "  It 's bad enough we have the same name , I do n't want to be wearing the same clothes , as well , " she said . And then there 's the fact that her character is "  far preppier than I am , because she has a job that kind of links her to the corporate world in some capacity and I do n't . " Madekwe 's character will continue to be the trendiest of all the Hamptonites on "  Revenge , " but her style is certainly evolving . Having been hired by Conrad Grayson at the end of last season , the actress said Ashley Davenport will pick up some higher-end pieces to reflect her new paychecks . "  I have my eyes on  Proenza Schouler 's  PS11  for Ashley  because it 's kind of firm . It 's almost work oriented , but it comes in so many bright colors that it 's also edgy , " she said told CNN before "  Revenge " started filming its second season . The PS11 , with a price tag of more than $ 1,000 , did n't make it on the show . Instead , Madekwe and costume designer Ohanneson settled on a Mulberry bag for the character . And just as much thought goes into the male characters ' outfits . Fan favorite Nolan Ross  Gabriel Mann  showed up in the pilot episode -- costumed by Marie-Sylvie Deveau -- wearing a sailor cap and whale-printed pants . As the purveyor of the whale cam , Nolan 's sea creature-themed wardrobe was merely a coincidence , said Ohanneson , who took over as costume designer by the series ' second episode . "  That 's kind of his idea of , ` Yeah , I 'm wearing the cool , preppy stuff . ' But he does n't quite get it right , " Ohanneson added . "  We wanted to keep quirkiness to him , " she said . "  Keep an eccentricity to him , but not make him a caricature . ... Now that he 's been spending more time around the Hamptons , he might start to pick up more information about how stuff fits . " Madeleine Stowe 's character Victoria , whose plane crashed at the end of the first season finale , will also dress differently this season . That is , if she 's to return . Like Emily , Victoria would dress "  a little bit darker , " which works because "  Stowe  can wear black and dark red like nobody else I know , " Ohanneson said . Though , the quality and quantity of the Grayson matriarch 's wardrobe will likely remain unchanged . "  In some of these episodes , both Emily and Victoria have , like , 10 changes each , " Ohanneson said . "  So if I 'm dealing with dresses that are $ 3,000 , for two characters that 's $ 60,000 just for those . " That 's why it 's sometimes advantageous for Ohanneson to dress the characters in separates . And , of course , hold onto jeans , slacks and skirts that can be worn again or transformed . Modifying garments is key . "  We end up dropping a lot of necklines , if a neckline is too high for somebody , " Ohanneson said . "  I have an incredible cutter-fitter who will take a dress we know is a perfect silhouette for Victoria , and we will make it up in a couple of different colors and different fabrications , and change the necklines and sleeve lengths . " Needles and thread come out a lot , actress Madekwe said , noting , a lot of work goes into making sure everything fits perfectly . "  Ohanneson  likes making something  into  something new , " she said . "  We 've turned dresses into tops . If she loves something , especially with the summer clothes going out of the stores , she 'll buy it in whatever size is available , and then she 'll cut it down to fit me . " So what 's Madekwe excited to don this season ? "  There 's a Prada dress I 'm really looking forward to wearing . A L'Wren Scott yellow number that I 'm really looking forward to wearing , " she said . "  There has to be an occasion . ... But there 'll always be a Hamptons cocktail party . "	Costume designer Jill Ohanneson outfits the cast of ABC 's "  Revenge " Ohanneson : Emily and Victoria sometimes have 10 changes each per episode A lot of modifying takes place -- from necklines to sleeve lengths , Ohanneson said
CNN  -- For five generations , the Meserve/Kunhardt family has been the collector and custodian of some of the most valuable photographs and memorabilia of Abraham Lincoln . Peter W. Kunhardt , left , Philip B. Kunhardt III and Peter W. Kunhardt Jr. co-authored "  Looking for Lincoln . " In fact , eminent Lincoln historian Harold Holzer said there 's only one other family that 's contributed more "  to our understanding of America 's most enduring leader , " and that 's the Lincolns themselves . "  The Kunhardts -- and before them , their ancestor Frederick Hill Meserve -- have been active , and crucial for generations , in preserving Lincoln 's image for posterity , " Holzer said . "  Mr. Meserve literally saved photos from destruction , then cataloged and analyzed them . Later members of the family wrote seminal books incorporating the family-owned archive into the stories of Lincoln 's life and death . " The family collection was the basis for the new book , "  Looking for Lincoln "  Knopf  , and for a PBS documentary . One of the book 's co-authors , 26-year-old Peter W. Kunhardt Jr. , has now joined the family business as assistant director of the Meserve-Kunhardt Foundation . Kunhardt , who recently earned a master 's degree in art business and photography , also works on the Gordon Parks Foundation , a division of the Meserve-Kunhardt Foundation , which includes the life 's work of the pioneering African-American photographer . Kunhardt spoke with CNN in an interview and follow-up conversations about the extraordinary family history . CNN : Tell us about your family . Peter W. Kunhardt Jr : I 'm the fifth generation to be working on Lincoln . My great-great-grandfather was a man by the name of Frederick Hill Meserve . His father , William Neal Meserve , was a soldier in the Civil War who was wounded at the battle of Antietam , and he kept a diary of the entire time he was in war . That diary was illustrated by his son , Frederick Hill Meserve , years after the war through collecting photography . He became one of the leading collectors of 19th-century American photography . ... At that time photography was still quite new . In the late 19th century , the war-weary nation lost its interest in the images of that era . Many glass negatives were thought to be worthless . The emulsion was washed off , and many were used to build greenhouses . Meserve wrote a book in 1911 called "  Photographs of Abraham Lincoln . " He became obsessed with Lincoln . Lincoln was the first president to be photographed while in office . Meserve 's goal in life was to find and catalog all the existing images of Lincoln , of which we now know there were about 120 . Each photograph in Meserve 's book , which he updated for the next half century , was given an "  M " number . Part of our work was to update his numbering system and establish a new national standard . Then his daughter Dorothy Meserve Kunhardt , she became heavily involved with Lincoln scholarship and the collection as well . She was the author of the children 's book , "  Pat the Bunny , " which ... as everyone knows today , it 's one of the most popular children 's books . She worked with her father on Lincoln publications and continued to collect Lincoln . The collection was passed to Philip Kunhardt Jr. , my grandfather , who eventually passed this collection of photographs on to my father and uncle , who were my co-authors in this book , "  Looking for Lincoln . " My grandfather , father and uncle wrote a book on Lincoln in 1992 called "  Lincoln : An Illustrated Biography , " using the contents of the collection . Each generation has continued the fascination with the collection but with a special interest in Abraham Lincoln . CNN : What 's your involvement now in the collection ? Kunhardt : My role is the assistant director of the Meserve-Kunhardt Foundation . The foundation was established in 2002 by my father and uncle in order to preserve our family 's collection and make it available to the public . During the past century , the collection had grown so large that we decided it was finally time to place it in public hands . That is why we first formed the Meserve-Kunhardt Foundation . And this year the collection will be moved to the Neuberger Museum of Art at the State University of New York in Purchase , New York , and the Purchase Library at SUNY , where it will be made available to students and scholars . CNN : Was there ever any doubt in your mind that you wanted to go into this field ? Kunhardt : I was an art history major at Wheaton College in Norton , Massachusetts . I 've always been fascinated with our collection . I was flattered to be asked to help with this project , the Lincoln book . I 've been an intern since I was about in fifth grade . I 've grown up knowing this collection very well , putting everything in plastic sleeves . Then when we found out that they were n't of archival quality , I had to change them to polyester sleeves . It 's really been a family love . We 've all grown up with this collection . A great portion of this collection is now housed at the National Portrait Gallery . It was sold after my great-grandmother 's death . CNN : What are some of the most valuable parts of the collection ? Kunhardt : It includes many gems , like Alexander Gardner 's oversized portrait of Lincoln that was taken just before he went to Gettysburg . As a young boy , I remember it hanging on the walls of our home . We also own the bronze life mask of Lincoln cast by Leonard Volk . CNN : Was Lincoln particularly interested in being photographed ? Kunhardt : It was his way of reaching out to a wider audience . It was a process that was so slow , he had to sit for long periods of time with a neck brace in order to be photographed because the exposure time was forever . There are pictures where if he moved just slightly , the picture was blurry . Crowd scenes are always blurry because you could n't make the crowd stay still . CNN : What 's the story of the Gordon Parks Foundation ? Kunhardt : My grandfather Philip Kunhardt was managing editor of Life magazine . He and Gordon became close personal friends , and shortly before both of them died in 2006 , my grandfather showed Gordon how we were preserving our 19th-century collection . After Gordon 's death , his estate placed all of his photographs with us , and we formed the Gordon Parks Foundation . CNN : What else are you working on ? Kunhardt : Our next book is "  Lincoln Life Size , " which will be published in September 2009 . We 're taking the Lincoln photographs and blowing them up to the actual size of Lincoln 's face ... and it will include his own reactions to some of the photographs .	Meserve-Kunhardt family has been collecting Lincoln items for five generations Frederick Hill Meserve began collecting endangered Lincoln photographs He published groundbreaking work on images of the 16th president His descendants have carried on and expanded his work
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey , " published by Weinstein Books and available at bookstores nationwide . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Larry King recalls a much-needed win at the track during one of the lowest points of his life . I was thirty-seven years old .  In 1971  . I had no job . I had a couple hundred thousand dollars in debts . And a four-year-old daughter . I 'd take Chaia to our secret park on our visiting days . That 's when the pain cut the deepest -- looking at my daughter and knowing I had no way to support her . Things got bleaker and bleaker . I became a recluse . By late May , I was down to forty-two dollars . My rent was paid only until the end of the month . I locked myself in my apartment wondering how bad things could possibly get . Pretty soon I would n't even be able to afford cigarettes . I remembered a night when I was a young man in New York , alone , cold , and without cigarettes or the money to buy them -- I had smashed open a vending machine to get a pack . A friend called up and told me to start living like a human being again . He invited me to the track . I had nothing better to do , and I figured it would be good therapy to get out and have lunch with a friend and watch the horses come down the stretch . I 'll never forget that day . I put on a Pierre Cardin jeans outfit that had no pockets and drove to Calder Race Course . I can still see the horses warming up before the third race . There was a horse called Lady Forli -- a filly running against males . Normally , female horses do n't beat males . We 're talking cheap horses . I scanned the board and saw that she was 70-1 . But my eyes really opened when I looked at the racing form . Racetrack people talk to each other . So I turned to the guy next to me and said , "  You know , this horse , three races back , won in more or less the same company . Why is she 70-1 ? " "  Well , " the guy said , "  there 's a couple of new horses here . " "  Yeah , but she should be , like , 20-1 . Not 70 -- 1 . " Screw it . I bet ten dollars on the horse to win . But I kept looking at the horse . The more I looked at this horse , the more I liked it . So I bet exactas . I bet Lady Forli on top of every other horse and below every other horse . Now I had what 's called a wheel . Larry King 's life in pictures " I kept looking at the horse . Wait a minute , I told myself , I 've got four dollars left . I have a pack of cigarettes . I 've got ta give the valet two bucks . That still leaves me with money to bet a trifecta . My birthday is November 19 . Lady Forli was number 11 . So I bet 11 to win , 1 to place , and 9 to show . Now I had bets in for 11 on top , 11 on bottom , and 11 to win . And I had a trifecta -- 11-1-9 . When the race began , I had two dollars left to my name -- and that was for the valet . They broke out of the gate . The 1 broke on top , the 9 ran second , and the 11 came out third . The 11 passed the 9 , passed the 1 , and they ran in a straight line all around the track . There was no question about it . The 11 won by five lengths . The 1 was three lengths ahead of the 9 . I had every winning ticket . I had it to win . I had the exacta . I had the trifecta . I collected nearly eight thousand dollars . Eight thousand dollars ! It had to be one of the happiest moments of my life -- certainly the most exciting . But I had no pockets . So I stuffed all the money in my jacket . It was bundled up . I did n't know what to do with it . I ran out of the track . The valet attendant came over and said , "  You leaving so early ? " "  Yeah . " "  Bad day , Mr. King ? " I tipped him fifty dollars . The guy nearly fainted . I had to go somewhere , to stop and make sure it was real . I drove to a vacant lot , which is now called Dolphin Stadium . I parked among the weeds and opened up my jacket . All the money spilled out . I counted out about seventy-nine hundred dollars . I paid my child support for the next year . I paid my rent for a year . I bought twenty cartons of cigarettes and stacked them up in my apartment , and I filled the refrigerator . Up to that point , that may have been the happiest moment of my life . Now , today , if I go to the track and win $ 8,000 , it 's very nice , but it wo n't affect my life one iota . It 's nice to win . But when you really need it ...	At age 37 , Larry King had $ 42 to his name , no job and a daughter to support He became reclusive but decided it would be "  good therapy " to go out with a friend They went to the track , and Larry bet on a female horse whom the odds were against Larry won a much-needed $ 8,000 that day
CNN  -- South Korea 's Park Inbee captured the most lucrative prize in women 's golf as a closing 66 saw her win the Evian Masters Sunday . Park picked up a check for $ 431,000 for her two-shot victory in the joint LPGA and Ladies European Tour event in France . She took advantage of holing a string of birdie putts to total 17-under 271 with long time leader Stacy Lewis of the United States and Australian Karrie Webb tied for second . Lewis , who had led from the first day , finished with a flourish with a birdie on the 18th for a 68 while Webb birdied the final two holes in her 67 . Park was winning for only the second time as a professional , adding to her victory as a 19-year-old at the U.S. Open . "  This is so exciting , " she said . "  Today I was red hot with the putter . " China 's Feng Shanshan , who shot a 66 , South Korean amateur Kim Hyo Joo  68  , and the 2007 champion Natalie Gulbis  68  of the United States tied for fourth place on 14 under par . Meanwhile on the men 's European Tour , Bernd Wiesberger cheered home fans as a seven-under 65 gave him victory in the Austrian Open in Vienna Sunday . The 26-year-old overtook overnight leader ThorbjÃ ¸ rn Olesen of Denmark and Frenchman Thomas Levet with four birdies in five holes around the turn at the Diamond Country Club . It was Wiesberger 's second win on the Tour this season after his victory at the Ballantine 's Championship . "  It 's the best day of my life so far , " he told the official European Tour website . "  It seems like it went my way , especially the last two holes . I had such a great country and such great fans backing me . "	South Korea 's Park Inbee wins Evian Masters Park finishes two shots clear of longtime leader Stacy Lewis and Karrie Webb Top prize of $ 431,000 is the biggest in women 's golf Bernd Wiesberger wins European Tour 's Austrian Open on home soil
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Sometimes , a little inspiration can come from unexpected places . In an article on the Atlantic website earlier this month , Fidel Castro was quoted as saying "  The Cuban model does n't even work for us anymore . " Then last week , the Cuban government announced plans for the elimination of about 500,000 state-provided jobs . And comments from Raul Castro have indicated that that number could rise to a million . At the same time , it has said it will encourage foreign investment and privately run firms . The new economic policies in Cuba represent a major turn away from a strict economic ideology and toward a more practical approach . But while the Communists in Cuba are becoming more practical in their economic policies , in Washington , any discussion of economic policy is becoming more ideologically entrenched . The Tea Party wing of the Republican Party , fresh off primary wins in Delaware and New York , are adamant in their call for lower taxes and reduction , or elimination , of government regulation . They want to roll back the Obama administration 's health care reform and financial market reforms . On the Democratic side , we have the Obama administration 's economic advisers who , for the most part , seem bent on increasing spending at any cost . This die-hard Keynesian approach would have Lord Keynes turning in his grave . Maybe it is time for us to admit , like Cuba , that there are parts of our economic system that do not work . The Great Recession surely should be a wake-up call . We must address some of the fundamental misalignment of incentives that exist in our economy . One of them is the economic role the housing industry plays . While public policy that encouraged home building may have made sense during the last century , particularly when America needed more new houses to accommodate the post-war baby boom , does it still make sense today ? Today , the American family is shrinking , and yet many continue trading up , and new houses are getting larger and larger . Vast amounts of this country 's financial resources still go to the housing market . We should ask : Are there better uses for these resources ? Chief among the subsidies the housing industry receives is the income tax deduction for home mortgage interest . According to the Tax Policy Center , this is estimated to cost the Treasury $ 131 billion in 2012 . By eliminating or scaling back the deduction , not only would the government generate more tax revenue , but it would also remove an important distortion in our financial markets . In addition , we need to address the problems these housing industry subsidies have caused . We can do this by establishing special temporary bankruptcy courts that have the legal power to force write-downs on delinquent mortgages . Here in Texas , we had temporary bankruptcy courts in the 1980s to deal with all of bankruptcies resulting from the oil bust . We should do the same thing in states now hit hard by the subprime mortgage crisis . In these temporary courts , those who speculated on the mortgage market should be financially punished , while those who were duped should have their mortgages restructured . This would greatly increase the flow of money through the mortgage market and help revitalize our financial markets . Second , we must address the issue that our financial markets are not doing a very efficient job in allocating capital . Entrepreneurs and small businesses find it difficult to get the capital they need to start and expand their businesses . This is because of misaligned incentives : Banks can borrow money from the Federal Reserve at an interest rate of essentially zero and use those funds to buy and sell stocks , bonds and currencies for a profit . Under this setup , why would banks go to all the trouble of lending money to a small business ? It is much easier and profitable for the banks to simply trade financial securities . And that is what they have been doing -- making huge profits without lending to small businesses . Instead of limiting banks ' ability to trade securities for their own profits , something former Fed Chair Paul Volcker has suggested , Washington seems interested only in protecting the big banks ' profitability . This is not to say we can let the financial system collapse . We need a functioning banking system to make sure workers ' paychecks do n't bounce . But if , as the big banks claim , they can not provide basic banking services at a high enough profit level , and thus need to sell complex and risky financial products such as derivatives , then nonprofits should be afforded a larger share of the market . Perhaps credit unions should be allowed to grow in size and in the types of financial products they offer . In addition , to pay for additional regulation , we should work with the Europeans , British and Japanese to establish a worldwide sales tax on financial transactions -- the often discussed modern version of a Tobin tax , named after the late Nobel Laureate James Tobin . A Tobin tax may reduce the amount of financial transactions and even cost jobs in the financial markets . However , as Simon Johnson of MIT has shown , there has been an excessive increase in the amount of resources our financial markets consume . A Tobin tax could reduce this distortion . Making structural changes to our economy will not be easy and , yes , some of them require some people to pay more taxes . But we , like the Cubans , need to realize that parts of our economy are simply not working . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Brandl .	Michael Brandl says Cuba is re-evaluating economy , maybe U.S. should look inward , too Parties should not dig into ideologies , he says ; instead fix parts of economy not working Get rid of costly mortgage tax deduction , he says ; get banks to start lending to businesses Brandl : Try a worldwide sales tax on financial deals ; U.S. must change structure of economy
The 2-year-old who gained attention after an online video of him swearing went viral will remain with his teenage mother , a judge ruled Monday . An Omaha juvenile court judge ruled Monday that the toddler and his mother would be placed with the same foster family . In the video , the diapered boy is taunted and cursed at by adults , who coax him into using crude words . The toddler knocks down a chair and responds to some of the comments with a middle-finger salute . The 17-year-old mother and her son had been removed from their home and placed in protective custody after the video surfaced last week , but officials said their removal had little to do with the video , CNN affiliate KETV in Omaha reported . Last week , the mother defended her son in an interview with KETV . CNN is not identifying the mother or her son because they are juveniles . "  He 's a smart little boy . All that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , " the mother said . "  Somebody told him to do that . My son does n't do that . I do n't allow it . " She said a friend of her brother filmed the video while she was in another room . "  He was wrong for doing that ... posting the video up and getting us into this situation , " she said . "  Everybody that thinks I 'm a bad mother , I 'm not . I 'm a good mother to my son . I teach him a lot . He 's very smart . " The police union in Omaha posted the clip on its website to highlight what it called the "  cycle of violence and thuggery " the community faces . Afterward , the Omaha Police Officers Association came under fire from the city 's police chief , the American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska and at least one community leader . They say posting the video needlessly antagonized minority communities , which make up about a quarter of Omaha 's 409,000 residents . The ACLU said the union 's use of "  racially charged language " was "  very disconcerting . " Sgt. John Wells , the union 's president , said the video was "  disturbing " and "  offensive . " "  The focus here is n't on any particular ethnic group . The focus here is on the troubling behavior toward this child , " Wells said . "  This behavior is going to potentially lead this child down a path that is completely unhealthy . " Members of the police union turned the video over to the department 's child victim unit , Wells said .	A judge rules the toddler and his mother should live with the same foster family Video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coaxed to respond in kind "  He 's a smart little boy . All that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , " mom tells TV station The ACLU and a community leader blast a police union that posted the video
CNN  -- If you 're going to break hearts , at least be classy about it . Yes , "  Sherlock " star Benedict Cumberbatch is engaged to director and actress Sophie Hunter -- cue the crying emojis from some fans on Twitter -- but the actor revealed the news in a refreshingly humble way . Instead of releasing a statement through an army of publicists or posting a photo of engagement rings on Instagram , Cumberbatch went old-school and posted an engagement notice in the Wednesday edition of UK paper The Times . The six-line notice under "  forthcoming marriages " is so straightforward , it would be easy to read past it before realizing that it 's taking about THE Benedict Cumberbatch : "  The engagement is announced between Benedict , son of Wanda and Timothy Cumberbatch of London , and Sophie , daughter of Katharine Hunter of Edinburgh and Charles Hunter of London . " The lack of fanfare is n't unusual for Cumberbatch , 38 , and Hunter , 36 , as they 've kept their romance under the radar . The couple , who met on the set of the 2009 movie "  Burlesque Fairytales , " were n't seen together publicly until the French Open this year . Still , the news of a Cumberbatch wedding is a tough pill to swallow for some admirers . As his star rose with roles in "  12 Years a Slave " and "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " the charming actor has become an international heartthrob . Twitter has  predictably  gone into mourning : "  First George  Clooney  . Now Benedict , " tweeted one fan . "  It 's a cruel , cruel world ... " "  Best wishes to #BenedictCumberbatch and #SophieHunter . May you live happily ever after , " said another . "  Now excuse me while I cry a river . " According to the Daily Mail , the couple has yet to set a wedding date .	Benedict Cumberbatch is engaged to Sophie Hunter The couple revealed the news with a simple newspaper notice On Twitter , there 's been a string of broken hearts
Upon his release from prison , he was described by President Barack Obama as "  one of the most important intelligence agents that the United States has ever had in Cuba . " Yet very little is known about the man . U.S. officials have refused to release the spy 's name , but sources inside the government and out tell CNN his name is Rolando Sarraff Trujillo . Sarraff , a Cuban national , was part of a historic deal reached this week between the United States and Cuba . He spent two decades in prison . He was released along with Alan Gross , an American subcontractor held for five years , in exchange for three convicted Cuban spies . "  This man -- whose sacrifice has been known to only a few -- provided America with the information that led us to arrest the network of Cuban agents that included the men transferred to Cuba today as well as other spies in the United States , " Obama said Wednesday . Who was released ? Sarraff , now in his early 50s , was discovered and convicted of espionage in Cuba in 1995 . According to the office of the director of national intelligence , he provided the U.S. government with information that "  was instrumental in the identification and disruption of several Cuban intelligence operatives in the United States and ultimately led to ... successful federal espionage prosecutions . " Specifically , the U.S. intelligence office tied Sarraff to the conviction of one-time Defense Intelligence Agency senior analyst Ana Belen Montes , who was sentenced to 25 years after pleading guilty of spying for the Cuban government in 2002 . Why the Cuba deal happened now He 's also tied to the case of ex-State Department official Walter Kendall Myers and his wife , Gwendolyn , who pleaded guilty in 2009 for illegally aiding the Cuban government for decades . Sarraff played a role in helping federal authorities go after the Florida-based Wasp Network , including members of the Cuban Five . Three of those five were released this week as part of the deal . "  Securing his release from prison after 20 years -- in a swap for three of the Cuban spies he helped put behind bars -- is fitting closure to this Cold World chapter of U.S.-Cuban relations , " the DNI office said . The long history between the U.S. and Cuba	Sources inside the government and out tell CNN his name is Rolando Sarraff Trujillo He was released along with Alan Gross , in exchange for three convicted Cuban spies Sarraff , a Cuban national , spent two decades in prison
CNN  -- Americans may need passports to board domestic flights or to picnic in a national park next year if they live in one of the states defying the federal Real ID Act . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff says there are no plans for a federal database of drivers ' information . The act , signed in 2005 as part of an emergency military spending and tsunami relief bill , aims to weave driver 's licenses and state ID cards into a sort of national identification system by May 2008 . The law sets baseline criteria for how driver 's licenses will be issued and what information they must contain . The Department of Homeland Security insists Real ID is an essential weapon in the war on terror , but privacy and civil liberties watchdogs are calling the initiative an overly intrusive measure that smacks of Big Brother . More than half the nation 's state legislatures have passed or proposed legislation denouncing the plan , and some have penned bills expressly forbidding compliance . Several states have begun making arrangements for the new requirements -- four have passed legislation applauding the measure -- but even they may have trouble meeting the act 's deadline . The cards would be mandatory for all "  federal purposes , " which include boarding an airplane or walking into a federal building , nuclear facility or national park , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff told the National Conference of State Legislatures last week . Citizens in states that do n't comply with the new rules will have to use passports for federal purposes . "  For terrorists , travel documents are like weapons , " Chertoff said . "  We do have a right and an obligation to see that those licenses reflect the identity of the person who 's presenting it . " Chertoff said the Real ID program is essential to national security because there are presently 8,000 types of identification accepted to enter the United States . "  It is simply unreasonable to expect our border inspectors to be able to detect forgeries on documents that range from baptismal certificates from small towns in Texas to cards that purport to reflect citizenship privileges in a province somewhere in Canada , " he said . Chertoff attended the conference in Boston , Massachusetts , in part to allay states ' concerns , but he had few concrete answers on funding . The Department of Homeland Security , which estimates state and federal costs could reach $ 23.1 billion over 10 years , is looking for ways to lessen the burden on states , he said . On the recent congressional front , however , Chertoff could point only to an amendment killed in the Senate last month that would 've provided $ 300 million for the program . "  There 's going to be an irreducible expense that falls on you , and that 's part of the shared responsibility , " Chertoff told the state legislators . Bill Walsh , senior legal fellow for the Heritage Foundation , a Washington-based conservative think tank that supports the Real ID Act , said states should n't be pushing for more federal dollars because , ultimately , that will mean more federal oversight -- and many complaints about cost coincide with complaints about the federal government overstepping its bounds . "  They are only being asked to do what they should 've already done to protect their citizens , " Walsh said , blaming arcane software and policies at state motor vehicle departments for what he called "  a tremendous trafficking in state driver 's licenses . " The NCSL is calling Real ID an "  unfunded mandate " that could cost states up to $ 14 billion over the next decade , but for which only $ 40 million has been federally approved . The group is demanding Congress pony up $ 1 billion for startup costs by year 's end or scrap the proposal altogether . Everyone must visit DMV by 2013 The Real ID Act repealed a provision in the 9/11 Commission Implementation Act calling for state and federal officials to examine security standards for driver 's licenses . It called instead for states to begin issuing new federal licenses , lasting no longer than eight years , by May 11 , 2008 , unless they are granted an extension . It also requires all 245 million license and state ID holders to visit their local departments of motor vehicles and apply for a Real ID by 2013 . Applicants must bring a photo ID , birth certificate , proof of Social Security number and proof of residence , and states must maintain and protect massive databases housing the information . NCSL spokesman Bill Wyatt said the requirements are "  almost physically impossible . " States will have to build new facilities , secure those facilities and shell out for additional equipment and personnel . Those costs are going to fall back on the American taxpayer , he said . It might be in the form of a new transportation , motor vehicle or gasoline tax . Or you might find it tacked on to your next state tax bill . In Texas , Wyatt said , one official told him that without federal funding , the Lone Star State might have to charge its citizens more than $ 100 for a license . "  We kind of feel like the way they went about this is backwards , " Wyatt said , explaining that states would have appreciated more input into the process . "  Each state has its own unique challenges and these are best addressed at state levels . A one-size-fits-all approach to driver 's licenses does n't necessarily work . " Many states have revolted . The governors of Idaho , Maine , Montana , New Hampshire , Oklahoma , South Carolina and Washington have signed bills refusing to comply with the act . Six others have passed bills and/or resolutions expressing opposition , and 15 have similar legislation pending . Though the NCSL says most states ' opposition stems from the lack of funding , some states cited other reasons for resisting the initiative . New Hampshire passed a House bill opposing the program and calling Real ID "  contrary and repugnant " to the state and federal constitutions . A Colorado House resolution dismissed Real ID by expressing support for the war on terror but "  not at the expense of essential civil rights and liberties of citizens of this country . " Privacy concerns raised Colorado and New Hampshire lawmakers are not alone . Groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and Electronic Frontier Foundation say the IDs and supporting databases -- which Chertoff said would eventually be federally interconnected -- will infringe on privacy . EFF says on its Web site that the information in the databases will lay the groundwork for "  a wide range of surveillance activities " by government and businesses that "  will be able to easily read your private information " because of the bar code required on each card . The databases will provide a one-stop shop for identity thieves , adds the ACLU on its Web site , and the U.S. "  surveillance society " and private sector will have access to the system "  for the routine tracking , monitoring and regulation of individuals ' movements and activities . " The civil liberties watchdog dubs the IDs "  internal passports " and claims it would n't be long before office buildings , gas stations , toll booths , subways and buses begin accessing the system . But Chertoff told legislators last week that DHS has no intention of creating a federal database , and Walsh , of the Heritage Foundation , said the ACLU 's allegations are disingenuous . States will be permitted to share data only when validating someone 's identity , Walsh said . "  The federal government would n't have any greater access to driver 's license information than it does today , " Walsh said . States have the right to refuse to comply with the program , he said , and they also have the right to continue issuing IDs and driver 's licenses that do n't meet Real ID requirements . But , Walsh said , "  any state that 's refusing to implement this key recommendation by the 9/11 Commission , and whose state driver 's licenses are as a result used in another terrorist attack , should be held responsible . " State reaction to Real ID has not been all negative . Four states have passed bills or resolutions expressing approval for the program , and 13 states have similar legislation pending  Several states have pending pieces of legislation both applauding and opposing Real ID  . Chertoff said there would be repercussions for states choosing not to comply . "  This is not a mandate , " Chertoff said . "  A state does n't have to do this , but if the state does n't have -- at the end of the day , at the end of the deadline -- Real ID-compliant licenses then the state can not expect that those licenses will be accepted for federal purposes . " E-mail to a friend	Secretary Michael Chertoff says 8,000 forms of ID are now accepted at border Lawmakers concerned that only $ 40 million has been OK 'd for $ 23 billion plan 13 states pass bills opposing Real ID ; New Hampshire calls plan "  repugnant " Conservative think tank says complaints about privacy , surveillance overblown
CNN  -- The Etch a Sketch was in full effect at the first presidential debate in Denver on Wednesday night . Mitt Romney put forward a strong performance , transforming back into his 2002 Massachusetts moderate mold , a belated advocate of bipartisan leadership . It would have had a lot more impact if it had n't contradicted almost every policy statement Romney has made on the campaign trail since he started running for president . This flip-flopping is a force of habit , but it was used to great effect , reflecting a campaign and a candidate finally focused on the general electorate . President Obama , in turn , had an objectively weak debate . The president was more professor than preacher , a budget wonk getting lost in paragraphs of detail rather than concisely punching back . He fulfilled the political truism that incumbent presidents have bad first debates because they are comparatively unprepared and overburdened by budgets and other details of governing -- as President Reagan did in his disastrous first 1984 debate . The trick of communicating policy is to distill it to memorable concise concepts . That happened far too rarely , and when it did , it seemed to be off the cuff , winning Obama points for authenticity but few for debate prep . Opinion : Romney shakes up the race The audacity of the Etch a Sketch was evident in the first 15 minutes of the debate , when Mitt Romney said , "  I will not reduce the taxes paid by high-income Americans . " It was an eye-popping assertion , almost as if the candidate had n't been listening to his own campaign rhetoric -- especially if you 'd been following Romney 's campaign rhetoric for the past 18 months or more .  Remember that "  Etch A Sketch " entered the campaign lexicon in March , when Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom signaled on CNN that Romney could transform his primary campaign message for the general election . The pattern continued with Romney asserting that after repealing Obamacare , he would advocate the implementation of his own individual mandate plan -- "  And the best course for health care is to do what we did in my state " -- but it would be state by state , along a federalist model . Romney did not hesitate to play the MediScare card -- the most discredited Democrat tactic against entitlement reform , but apparently acceptable if it is done by a Republican trying to win Florida . Happily , for hypocrisy watchers , this move also scored worst with the focus group of undecided voters conducted by CNN 's Erin Burnett in Denver during the debate . The litany of flip-flops increased when the candidates ' policy positions were pushed for specifics . It was a necessary goal that was n't aided by the too often unfocused moderation of veteran newsman Jim Lehrer , who did not need a 12th presidential debate under his belt . Among the gaps was the question of whether Romney supports ending "  too big to fail " -- which might mean breaking up the big banks , and/or restoring safeguards from the 1933 Glass-Steagall banking reform act , repealed in 1999 -- or simply repealing the 2010 Dodd-Frank law , which regulates Wall Street . On that issue , as well as on Obamacare , it was not clear what Romney would put in place of the laws he plans to repeal . Romney seemed to indicate he would end oil company subsidies if corporate rates were lowered enough -- that 's news to Exxon , I 'm guessing . Romney said Obama should have backed the Bowles-Simpson Commission 's deficit reduction proposals  I agree  , but did not back the recommendations of that panel himself . Opinion : Romney was n't stellar , but Obama fell short He advocated a balanced deficit reduction plan but refused to raise any revenue -- and perhaps unwisely said he 'd kill "  Sesame Street " icon Big Bird in the process . His enthusiasm for budget cutting does not square with his commitment to increasing military spending to 4 % of GDP . Likewise , he was n't pressed -- by Obama or Lehrer -- to specify the loophole closures which Romney said would make his 20 % tax cuts revenue-neutral for top income earners . Whenever Lehrer did try to assert himself as a moderator , Romney reflexively bristled -- he is not a man who likes being told he has to conform to other people 's rules . The president 's strategic decision to try to find rhetorical common ground on policy at the outset came across as passive rather than conciliatory . His correct pressing on the fact that many of Romney 's stated economic plans "  do not add up " got lost in paragraphs rather than topic sentences . To be fair , Obama had a few good lines -- dismissing Romney 's economic plan by saying "  math , common sense , and our history shows us that 's not a recipe for job growth . " His pushback on Wall Street reform was also memorable : "  Does anybody out there think that the big problem we had is that there was too much oversight and regulation of Wall Street ? Because if you do , then Gov. Romney is your candidate . But that 's not what I believe . " But Romney exceeded expectations and put forward a confident debate performance that was especially impressive given its disregard for his own past policy positions . Romney shone in the moments he discussed the generational theft of deficits and debt . In contrast , Obama did not come ready for combat , even in a Jed Bartlett egghead way . Assessments of presidential debate performances tend to evolve over the next day , reflecting a combination of spin , fact-checking and conventional wisdom . This first debate will be subject to the same evolution , as partisans on both sides try furiously to spin the debate in their direction . A flip-flop ad , contrasting past statements with debate statements , could be effective for either campaign . It 's worth remembering that many swing voters who have lives were watching the high-stakes season-ending baseball games , instead of obsessively trolling Twitter for debate commentary . Opinion : It was n't just Romney who won In the search for honest brokers -- patriots , not partisans -- we can only hope that the truth , ever elusive , will win out in the end , because we ultimately get the government we deserve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Romney 's effectiveness overshadowed his many flip-flops He says GOP candidate broke with his more conservative positions , aimed for the center President Obama failed to make an effective case for his policies , Avlon says Avlon : Romney shone when he discussed the generational theft of deficits and debt
LONDON  England  -- CNN -- When CSKA Moscow lifted the UEFA Cup in 2005 , becoming the first Russian team to win a European trophy , manager Valeri Gazzaev described it as "  a landmark victory for Russian football . " Andrei Arshavin has become Russia 's first football superstar since the Soviet era . Three years later , Zenit St Petersburg matched the achievement a month before the Russian national team reached the semifinals of Euro 2008 . After years on the margins , Russian football was back in the limelight . Jonathan Wilson , author of "  Behind the Curtain , Travels in Eastern European Football , " told CNN that recent successes mark a renaissance of Russian football . A far-cry from the early years after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , when teams previously funded by state bodies -- such as the police force or the army -- were left chronically short of money . Wilson said that under communist rule Spartak Moscow had been funded by a trade union representing catering workers and were less directly dependant on state support than other Russian clubs . Consequently , when the Russian Premier League was formed in 1992 , Spartak found themselves in a better position than many of their rivals and stormed on to win nine of the first 10 titles up for grabs . See photos of Russia 's post-Soviet football stars . " While Spartak flourished , the rest of the division remained in desperate need of money ; that is , until a new source of funding came in the shape of Russia 's rising force of oligarchs -- men who had amassed fortunes buying cheap but highly profitable energy companies These oligarchs and energy corporations now play a vital role in funding the game . Zenit St Petersburg is backed by Gazprom , the world 's biggest producer and exporter of natural gas and Spartak Moscow has oil and gas company Lukoil as its primary sponsor . CSKA Moscow 's 2005 UEFA Cup triumph was financed by Sibneft , whose majority shareholder at the time was Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich , currently the 51st richest man in the world according to Forbes.com . Abramovich 's cash meant the club could afford to sign quality foreign players , including Brazilian internationals Daniel Carvalho and the free-scoring Vagner Love . Other examples of imported talent includes Dynamo Moscow 's signing of Champions League winners Maniche and Costinha from FC Porto in 2005 , and Zenit St Petersburg capturing Portuguese midfielder Danny for a reported league record of $ 40 million . There are so many foreign players in Russia that Premier League regulations now limit clubs to fielding no more than six foreign players at a time . What are your views of Russian football ? Sound off below . But the injection of money into the Russian game is n't only useful for buying foreign talent , Wilson says the national game is also having a revival because of the oligarchs ' money . Abramovich funds Russia 's National Football Academy , which , along with providing plastic pitches and coaches for young footballers , is also responsible for paying the wages of national team coach Guus Hiddink . Dutchman Hiddink led Russia to the semifinals of Euro 2008 , with the team having never made it past the first round of international competition prior to his appointment in 2006 . Marc Bennetts , author of "  Football Dynamo " , about the state of Russian football , is based in Moscow . He told CNN that Hiddink 's arrival was a turning point in the national team 's fortunes . "  Hiddink really shook up the national football team . He left out some of the veterans and began picking players who were young and fresh , like Andrei Arshavin and Roman Pavlyuchenko , " he said . In Arshavin Russia has found its first football superstar since the Soviet era . He signed for English club Arsenal in February 2009 and has made an instant impact in the English Premier League . Bennetts says one cloud on the horizon is that Russian football 's dependence on energy companies means the global economic crisis and low oil prices could have a negative impact on the sport . But if the oligarchs keep supplying the Roubles , there 's no reason why Russian football wo n't continue to blossom .	Recent UEFA Cup successes mark a "  new era " for Russian football When the Soviet Union broke up , Russian clubs faced a funding crisis Oligarchs now back many Russian teams , bringing money into the game Andrei Arshavin and Roman Pavlyuchenko are Russia 's newest stars
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- An Egyptian real estate mogul and a former police officer pleaded not guilty Saturday to the murder of a rising Lebanese pop singer who was found slain in her United Arab Emirates apartment . Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim was found slain in her apartment in Dubai in July . Prosecutors allege that Hisham Talaat Moustafa , a Parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party , paid Muhsen el Sukkari $ 2 million to kill Suzanne Tamim . Both have denied the charges . Tamim , 30 , was found in her Dubai apartment in July with her throat slit . Moustafa 's lawyer told CNN his client loved the singer , but could not take Tamim as a second wife because his family objected . Polygamy is legal in Egypt , and it not unusual for men -- such as Moustafa , a married father of three -- to take on additional wives . The prosecutors say the murder was a "  means of taking revenge " but have not elaborated . Watch report on murder trial " "  It did not happen and I have presented all the evidence that I am not guilty , " Moustafa said in the courtroom Saturday , according to Reuters . "  It did not happen , " Sukkari said , according to Reuters . "  By Almighty God , my blood is innocent of her . " Although Tamim was killed in the United Arab Emirates , the Egyptian judiciary is trying the case in Cairo because Egyptian law does not allow its citizens to be extradited for trials in other countries . The defendants appeared Saturday in cages -- as is typical in Egypt -- before three judges in a crowded downtown courtroom . Heavy security surrounded the building , amid a crush of reporters and onlookers . The case , with its high-profile victim and defendant , has captivated Egypt and the region . After his arrest in September , Egyptian authorities indicted Moustafa , stripped him of his parliamentary immunity and jailed him pending trial . He also resigned as chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group -- a conglomerate with construction and real estate arms that was founded by his father , Talaat Moustafa . Moustafa 's brother , Tarek Talaat Moustafa , now chairs the company . The case will resume on November 15 . The defendants will remain jailed until then .	Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim found with throat slit in Dubai apartment Hisham Moustafa , Egyptian tycoon and lawmaker , tells court he did not order murder Egyptian chief prosecutor alleges former police officer paid to carry out killing Case creates strong interest in the Middle East
CNN  -- An explosion killed at least 21 militants in Iraq Monday , apparently when a lesson on car bombing went wrong , police said . Police said they found a camera inside a house where the blast took place , leading them to believe someone was filming the installation of explosives into a vehicle for propaganda purposes . After a loud explosion , security officials rushed to the scene and found body parts , mostly of young men , scattered about . Six people were critically injured . Security forces arrested four men fleeing . Police said they believe the house was a small training base for the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . They also found documents and flags usually used by al Qaeda-linked groups such as ISIS . The explosion happened inside a remote house northeast of Samarra , a predominantly Sunni town about 110 kilometers  about 68 miles  north of Baghdad . Separately , shootings and explosions across the country killed at least 14 people and wounded 29 others , police officials in Baghdad , Mosul and Ramadi told CNN .	Authorities found a camera inside the house 6 people were critically wounded in the blast ; 4 others were arrested Police think the house was a training base for al Qaeda-linked group
CNN  -- World MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi cruised to the 100th victory of his illustrious motorcycling career with a comfortable win at the Alice TT Assen race in the Netherlands on Saturday . Valentino Rossi dominated the Dutch race to move clear at the top of the championship standings . The Italian took sole ownership of top spot in the overall standings after finishing 5.638 seconds ahead of Fiat Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo and 23.113 in front of 2007 world champion Casey Stoner . The trio had been tied on 106 points ahead of the seventh of 18 races this season . Rossi started in pole position but briefly lost his lead to Stoner 's Ducati before moving out in front again , and the Italian steadily increased his advantage throughout the 26-lap race . "  I am so happy . I felt good on the first lap and knowing that Lorenzo is difficult to beat I put my foot down to establish as big an advantage as possible over him , " Rossi told reporters . "  It gives me great pleasure to record this victory . This is a great moment for me . " Rossi , now five points ahead of Lorenzo and nine clear of Stoner , is still 22 victories behind the all-time record held by 15-time world motorcycling champion Giacomo Agostini , who raced from 1964-77 . Stoner , who started from fourth on the grid , revealed after the race that he had been struggling with ill health . "  I felt fine until Friday , but today I felt tired after the first couple of laps , " the frail-Australian said . "  I have been taking any amount of supplements to keep my body up to scratch , but it has been a tough battle . " Lorenzo recovered from a poor start , which saw him drop to sixth after the first lap , to become Rossi 's closest challenger with seven laps remaining . "  I want to congratulate Valentino . It is quite some achievement to win 100 Grand Prix , " he said . Dani Pedrosa had begun the race from second ahead of fellow Spaniard Lorenzo , but crashed out at a corner after only four laps to dent his hopes of overtaking fellow Honda rider Andrea Dovizioso to claim fourth in the overall standings . Dovizioso also spun off in a similar situation on the same lap , and remains two points ahead of Pedrosa . Top-10 finishers : 1 . V Rossi  Ita  Yamaha 42 minutes 14.611 seconds 2 . J Lorenzo  Spa  Yamaha 42:19.979 3 . C Stoner  Aus  Ducati 42:37.724 4 . C Edwards  USA  Yamaha 42:43.725 5 . C Vermeulen  Aus  Suzuki 42:48.216 6 . J Toseland  Gbr  Yamaha 42:53.958 7 . R De Puniet  Fra  Honda 42:54.154 8 . T Elias  Spa  Honda 42:54.385 9 . N Hayden  USA  Ducati 42:54.434 10 . L Capirossi  Ita  Suzuki 42:55.284	World MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi cruises to 100th victory of his career Italian wins Alice TT Assen race in Netherlands by more than five seconds Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo claims second place , Casey Stoner third Rossi takes outright lead in the championships standings
CNN  -- Afghanistan is seeing higher levels of violence this year than last year at this time , with 20 % more civilians killed and the number of "  security incidents " up by 66 % , the United Nations says in a new report . The number of civilians killed by the United States and its allies was lower , but insurgent attacks are significantly higher , meaning the overall number of civilian deaths is up . More than 2,400 civilians were killed , and more than 3,800 injured in the first 10 months of this year , the report says . More than three out of four of the casualties were caused by "  anti-government elements , " it says . That 's a 25 percent increase on last year , it said . Deaths caused by U.S. troops and their allies were down 18 percent . "  Assassinations " of civilians and police reached "  unprecedented numbers " in August , and there were an average of three suicide attacks per week , the U.N. said in its quarterly report . The United Nations report , which was finalized December 10 , also tracked widespread kidnapping of aid workers . A total of 134 were abducted between June and the end of October , the U.N. said . Most were freed quickly , but one Afghan was killed by his captors , the world body said . A British aid worker was also killed this year by U.S. special forces trying to rescue her from kidnappers . Linda Norgrove , 36 , was killed by an American grenade thrown by a rescuer who did not realize she was there . U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , who was the top international military commander in Afghanistan until he was fired in June , urged his troops to avoid civilian casualties in order to avoid making enemies of the population . "  It is better to miss a target than to cause civilian casualties , " McChrystal said in December 2009 . "  We can always target enemy leaders later . We ca n't make up for the fact that we killed civilians . " But there continued to be high-profile incidents , including one where 23 civilians were killed in a NATO airstrike in February . McChrystal personally apologized to Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai for those killings and ordered an investigation . It concluded that troops needed more training . McChrystal 's dismissal was not related to the incident . He was fired over disrespectful comments his inner circle made about top White House officials in a profile of the general in Rolling Stone magazine . The United Nations report was prepared for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .	NEW : Three out of four civilians casualties are caused by insurgents More than 2,400 civilians are killed and more than 3,800 injured this year The U.S. and its allies are killing fewer , but insurgents are killing more
CNN  -- From bikinis and tank tops to short shorts , summer fashion calls for a whole lot of skin . When you 're not feeling your beach bod best , time to break out the caftans , those long , loose garments with wide sleeves . These robe-like gowns have transcended their ancient origins to become summer fashion staples with universal appeal thanks to their forgiving silhouette , whether you 're Elizabeth Taylor or Mary Kate Olsen . "  They 're extremely comfortable , and they 're extremely flattering to many body types , " said fashion historian Valerie Steele , director and chief curator of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology . Maybe your fashion-forward mom donned a caftan to host pool parties or to swing by the neighborhood shindig . Or maybe you caught "  Mad Men " star Christina Hendricks wearing one on "  The Tonight Show , " describing caftans as her "  go-to " item around the house and inspiring one of the best theme parties ever : caftans and casseroles . Depending on what they 're made of , caftans can be worn any time of the year , Steele said . But "  we tend to see them as summer wear " because they are one of few clothing items that keep you cool in warm weather without having to bare a lot of skin . Through the years , designers from Yves Saint Laurent to Rachel Zoe have reinterpreted the caftan in sync with the styles of the time . But what makes a caftan distinct from a flowing dress essentially has remained consistent : a T-shaped garment reaching the ankles that can be pulled over the head . From there , the rest is up to artistic interpretation . The caftan -- or kaftan -- has come a long way since the early days of the Persian empire , when soldiers wore them under chain mail armor , "  reputedly impenetrable by the enemy 's sword " thanks to a weave of heavy cloth padded with silk floss , according to Columbia University 's Encyclopedia Iranica . The word itself is Persian and translates to a battle garment worn by soldiers , said Niloo Paydar , curator of textile and fashion arts at the Indianapolis Museum of Art , which houses one of the country 's largest collections of Islamic textiles . References to caftans appear in Persian art and literature as early as 600 B.C. , and revered Persian poet Ferdowsi mentions them in his seminal work , "  Shahnameh , " or the Persian "  Book of Kings , " she said . Beyond the battlefield , anyone from the peasant class to the upper class could enjoy caftans thanks to their simple structure , which allowed for embellishment and adornment depending on one 's means , Paydar said . Much like today , the caftan was worn as a length of draped fabric with sleeves , open or closed , that could be wrapped around the body with a sash or belt . Arab conquerors introduced caftans to North Africa , where different groups interpreted them according to their religious and cultural traditions , and European imperialism led to cultural contact with the East , allowing for caftans to infiltrate the Western wardrobe , said Steele . Ambassadors to the Ottoman Court in Istanbul received gifts of caftans as early as the 17th century that played well into the era 's imperialistic obsession with "  Orientalism , " she said . "  The English in particular liked to have themselves portrayed in Ottoman dress , so there are a number of portraits of them in caftans , " she said . The style evolved in 18th-century Europe into ankle-length gowns that open in the front known as banyans , Steele said . In the 20th century , when European imperialism opened up North Africa to Western artists and tastemakers , European designers like Paul Poiret and Mariano Fortuny y Madrazo derived inspiration from Moroccan and Algerian styles of caftans to create evening coats and dresses for western women . When wealthy jet-setters and superstars took off for places like Morocco and India in the 1960s , they brought back Eastern fashion traditions along with spiritualism , Steele said . Halston and Yves Saint Laurent adopted the style into a symbol of bohemian elite that trickled down to mainstream fashion in the 1970s . The caftan continues to change with the times , with embellishments and diverse patterns offering a more feminine silhouette . Now , as then , the drapey dresses appeal to diverse audiences , from starlets on the red carpet to diplomats at State Dinners to summer music festival-goers . Would you wear a caftan ? Tell us in the comments or on Facebook or Twitter .	Caftans -- or kaftans -- have become a summer staple The robe-like garment is comfortable and flattering to many body types , historian says They date to the Persian empire , when soldiers wore them in battle Today , caftans are versatile enough for State Dinners , the red carpet or the pool
CNN  -- President Barack Obama spoke with Egypt 's president moments after Hosni Mubarak addressed his country , telling the Egyptian that he must make good on his promises and avoid a violent response to the thousands of protesters in the streets . With parts of his capital ablaze , Mubarak said he was asking his government to resign and would soon announce a new one , pledging to address the concerns of thousand of Egyptians protesting in Cairo 's streets . "  I just spoke to him after his speech , " Obama said , "  and told him he has a responsibility to give meaning to those words , to take concrete steps and actions that deliver on that promise . Violence will not address the grievances of the Egyptian people . Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . "  This moment of volatility has to be turned into a moment of promise , " Obama said . The U.S. president repeated his administration 's call for the Egyptian government to restore access to the internet and cell phone service and urged "  concrete steps that advance the rights of the Egyptian people . " Obama 's remarks , delivered from State Dining Room , were the strongest yet from the United States . "  There must be reform , " he said , "  political , social and economic reforms that meet the aspirations of the Egyptian people . "  In the absence of these reforms , " he said , "  grievances have built up over time . "  The United States will continue to stand up for the rights of the Egyptian people and work with their government in pursuit of a future that is more just , more free and more hopeful , " he concluded . In his remarks , Mubarak was clear that he had no intentions of stepping down -- yet his resignation is what the protesters are demanding . And privately , U.S. officials fear that Mubarak may be in over his head as protests against his 30-year rule showed no signs of ending . A senior administration official said the White House saw Mubarak 's address as "  hardly conciliatory and highly disappointing , but what did you expect ? " It 's clear , the official said -- speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter -- that Mubarak believes he can ride this out , "  and this time , we 're not so sure that is the right assumption . " Administration officials had hoped Mubarak would promise an immediate and open dialogue , the official said . Before the speech , senior U.S. officials had similar thoughts , worrying that the Egyptian government may not realize all it is up against or what the protesters are saying . Mubarak , they said , has two choices : to embrace meaningful reforms or to continue the crackdown . The United States is being very careful not to be too tough on the Egyptian leader directly , the senior officials said , because they fear that might drive the government into a survivalist mentality , causing a further crackdown . The officials said conversations with the Egyptian government are taking place across the U.S. administration , including with U.S. Ambassador to Egypt Margaret Scobey , who has participated in several videoconferences with Washington during the day . A senior State Department official said , "  our initial impression is that he emphasized security far more than reform . " "  We 'll see what the implications for the government reshuffle are , but he was not particularly forthcoming in the speech , " said the official , who could n't speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the situation . Earlier , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the administration is "  very concerned " about the situation in Egypt , adding that at risk could be economic and military aid from the United States . "  This is a situation that will be solved by the people of Egypt , " Gibbs said . "  We are watching very closely the actions of the government , the police and all of those in the military . " The United States will review its "  assistance posture " to Egypt based on events that take place in the coming days , he said . Gibbs declined to elaborate how the United States might alter relations with a key ally in the region but urged restraint as massive demonstrations have resulted in widespread property damage , including at the offices of Egypt 's ruling party . That building was burned and ransacked by protesters in Cairo on Friday , Nile TV reported . A CNN witness saw the building ablaze . Gibbs said the collective consequences of the government 's actions will be the subject of a review in determining whether the U.S. will alter assistance toward Egypt . "  Within that review is military " assistance , Gibbs said . Egypt receives about $ 1.3 billion in military aid from Washington every year , second only to Israel , and has received nearly $ 30 billion in economic aid since 1975 , according to State Department figures . "  The die is cast , " said Leslie H. Gelb , the president emeritus of the Council on Foreign Relations . "  The administration has made clear that it leans toward the demonstrators . " Gibbs said , "  we 've reach a point where the grievances of the people have to be addressed through concrete reforms " but would not elaborate on the potential fallout if the Mubarak government -- considered a strategic ally in the region -- does not survive the protests . "  We do n't know who these people are or if they are at all capable of putting a government together , " Gelb said , cautioning of a power vacuum left by the possible collapse of the three-decade-old government . Often considered a crucial power broker in the Middle East , Egypt has played major roles in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and in controlling the Suez Canal , a strategic passageway for trade across the region . Earlier Friday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Egypt 's government "  to allow peaceful protests and reverse the unprecedented steps it has taken to cut off communications . " "  We are deeply concerned about the use of violence by Egyptian police and security forces against protesters , and we call on the Egyptian government to do everything within its power to restrain its security forces , " Clinton said Friday , referring to the unfolding crisis in several Egyptian cities where tens of thousands of demonstrators clashed with state security forces . "  At the same time , protesters should also refrain from violence and express themselves peacefully , " she said . "  As a partner , we strongly believe that the Egyptian government needs to engage with the Egyptian people immediately , " Clinton said . "  They need to view civil society as their partner , not a threat . " Servers of Egypt 's main internet provider were down early Friday , including servers for the Egyptian government 's sites and for the U.S. Embassy in Cairo . Early Friday , Gibbs said that he is "  very concerned about violence in Egypt , " tweeting that the "  government must respect the rights of the Egyptian people & turn on social networking and internet . " But at least one internet service provider , Noor , was still working . The U.S. State Department on Friday urged Americans traveling abroad to "  defer non-essential travel to Egypt . " "  U.S. citizens in Egypt should remain in their residences or hotels until the situation stabilizes , " the agency added in a written travel alert . The agency warned that Egyptian security forces may block off the area around the U.S. Embassy as a result of massive demonstrations that have set vehicles ablaze and resulted in widespread property damage . "  U.S. citizens should not attempt to come to the U.S. Embassy or the Tahrir Square area at such times , " the statement said , urging Americans to carry identification and a working cell phone . Delta Air Lines spokeswoman Susan Elliott said Friday that the carrier 's last flight from Cairo will depart on Saturday , and all other Cairo service is indefinitely suspended as a result of the civil unrest . President Barack Obama has requested "  multiple briefings " on Egypt , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said Friday . He has not called Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , the target of the protesters ' anger , "  but there is daily contact between the U.S. and Egyptian governments through various channels , including the embassies and other organizations in which Obama 's messages and concerns are relayed , " Vietor said . Former Clinton Defense Secretary William Cohen said Obama is likely reluctant to call Mubarak "  without it appearing that we are directing what Mubarak should do and he is responding to the control of the United States . " "  I think that , if anything , one might ask why has n't President Mubarak called President Obama and said , ` Are you with me or against me ? ' I mean , that would be a call that might also be worthy of consideration , " Cohen said . Obama has urged the government and demonstrators to refrain from violence as protests continued . "  It is very important that people have mechanisms in order to express legitimate grievances , " he said this week . Vice President Joe Biden said on "  PBS NewsHour " on Thursday that Mubarak should listen to protesters but rejected claims that the embattled Egyptian president is a dictator . Still , Biden said , "  violence is n't appropriate , and people have a right to protest . " Obama received information on Egypt from national security adviser Tom Donilon on Friday and is expected to receive additional updates throughout the day . He noted Thursday that Mubarak has been "  very helpful on a range of tough issues , " but he said he has pushed the Egyptian leader to take steps toward reform . On Wednesday , Gibbs said the U.S. administration was "  monitoring quite closely the situation in Egypt and continue to do so , obviously , in Tunisia . " The protests in Egypt started after weeks of similar disturbances sparked a revolution in Tunisia and forced then-President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali to flee the country . "  This is an important time for the government to demonstrate its responsiveness to the people of Egypt in recognizing those universal rights , " Gibbs said . CNN 's Elise Labott and John King contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama calls Mubarak and tells him to openly address his people 's grievances Privately , officials worry that Mubarak may be underestimating the protests Mubarak asks the government to resign Gibbs said the U.S. will review its "  assistance posture " to Egypt
Washington  CNN  -- The ski-masked creator of the satirical Twittter account @BPGlobalPR provided the comic highlight of the TEDx OilSpill conference on Monday , prancing around the stage and reeling off one fake BP company slogan after another . A New Orleans , Louisiana , environmental activist provided one of the saddest moments when she recalled losing the most important person in her life at 17 when her father was one of 91 men who died in an oil drilling accident off Thailand . And a conservationist provided one of the most powerful moments when he drew a connection between government regulators failing to require safer drilling practices to decades of deregulation . Carl Safina of the Blue Ocean Institute said , "  The oil blowout , the bank bailout , mortgage crisis , all these things are absolutely symptoms of same issue ... we still need police to protect us from a few bad people ... for the last 30 years , we 've had a culture of deregulation caused directly by people we need to be protected from buying the government out from under us . " He was called back on stage to take a bow . TEDx conferences are independently organized events , licensed by TED , a nonprofit dedicated to the theme of "  ideas worth spreading . " Watch TEDTalks on saving the oceans Throughout the one-day session in Washington 's Woolly Mammoth Theatre , the flip sides of the crisis were invoked : What we can see -- stained beaches and boats , dizzying patterns of iridescent sheens on the Gulf 's surface , birds drenched in petroleum , miles of boom , some of it hopelessly tangled or unable to prevent oil from drifting into vital marshland . And what we mostly can not see -- beneath the surface , huge quantities of oil and chemical dispersant that , speakers said , threaten to dramatically harm the undersea world . Along with the news that the X Prize foundation would offer a multimillion dollar award for a solution to cleaning up the oil disaster , the speakers shared devastating portraits of the risks and damage as well as hope for the long-term survival of the Gulf . Here are seven views of the crisis as described at the conference . Casey DeMoss Roberts Roberts , of the Gulf Restoration Network , sketched the ways in which the oil industry has become embedded in Gulf communities that once relied only on fishing for their livelihood . In one example she cited : The shrimp festival in Morgan City , Louisiana , was renamed the "  Shrimp and Petroleum festival " in 1960 . She recalled her father 's death in an offshore oil accident in Asia and contrasted the precautionary principle used in drug regulation , where products are tested for safety before they 're marketed , to the oil industry , where she said safety precautions are too often instituted only after an accident . Lisa Margonelli Margonelli is the author of "  Oil on the Brain : Petroleum 's Long Strange Trip to Your Tank " and a fellow of the New America Foundation . She noted that oil spills tend to be "  politically very galvanizing , " with photos of oil-soaked birds drawing an emotional public response . The 1969 Santa Barbara spill , which was a tiny fraction of the size of the BP leak , prompted the modern environmental movement , the Clean Water Act and Clean Air Act , and led to moratoriums on drilling on the East and West coasts . Instead of cutting back on oil consumption , Americans just grew to rely on getting it from other places . Drilling in the Gulf , where there was no moratorium , helped pick up the slack , she said . The U.S. has also "  exported " its oil spills , she said , by encouraging oil development in places such as Nigeria , which has had thousands of spills in the past several decades . She added that the military and political costs of getting oil from the Middle East and other regions of the world still have to be paid for , though it hits people when they pay their taxes , not at the pump . Ronald Atlas Atlas , a microbiologist at the University of Louisville , said while the effects of the leaking oil are partly visible , "  in tragic photos of pelicans , gut-wrenching pictures ... what we do n't see is what 's going on in the world of bacteria . " He said for hundreds of species of bacteria , oil is a food source , and these can contribute to degrading the oil , eventually turning it into inert substances that do n't damage the environment . But he warned that the process will take years and years . "  What we discovered 40 years ago , you could speed up the process by adding fertilizer , and ... you could get the bacteria to grow faster . " That research was applied in Alaska , with the result that over a period of years , more of the oil was consumed , Atlas said . He said that by 2001 , NOAA found that 99.6 percent of the oil had disappeared from Prince William Sound , 13 years after the Exxon Valdez disaster . David Gallo Gallo , an oceanographer at the Woods Hole Institution , has used submersibles and robotic vehicles to map the undersea world and is working with other experts and "  Avatar " director James Cameron on ideas to stop the leak . He recalled his early days thinking about a career in studying the sea : "  I knew there were sharks and whales and French guys in Speedos swimming around , but I did n't know that most of the ocean had n't been explored . The seas cover 70 percent of the Earth 's surface to an average depth of two miles . "  We 've only explored about 5 percent of the world beneath the sea . ... The floor of the ocean , that 's a world that has the world 's greatest mountain range , it 's got thousands of valleys deeper than the Grand Canyon , underwater rivers , underwater lakes , and most importantly in a world where we thought there should be no life at all , there 's more life in that world than in a tropical rainforest in terms of diversity and density . We do n't how it works , especially a mile deep . " Sylvia Earle Earle is an explorer who has led more than 50 expeditions , logging more than 6,000 hours underwater . She described her campaign , enabled by the 2009 TED Prize , to build awareness and support for creating "  hope spots , " protected areas in the oceans to preserve sea creatures . She showed videos of whale sharks being tagged in the Gulf a week ago . She feared they could be affected by the spill because of their habit of feeding by skimming the surface of the water . Earle said she believes the toxic pollutants released into the Gulf will eventually be swept into the Gulf Stream , threatening the Sargasso Sea , a favorite feeding place for the whale shark . "  We need to embrace those places that remain within the Gulf system . We think about restitution for the fishermen , for the hotel owners , but we need to think about giving back to the Gulf of Mexico itself , which supports all this life . ... We are all sea creatures , the ocean is home for all of us . " Watch Sylvia Earle 's TED Prize talk Carl Safina Safina , of the Blue Ocean Institute , got emotional when he told a story about a bottlenose dolphin splattering oil out its blowhole and seeming to seek help as it followed a fishing boat in the Gulf . He pointed to deficiencies in the cleanup process , saying the use of chemicals to disperse the oil is a strategy to limit the visibility of the leak for public relations purposes , even though the dispersants may be toxic . Booms wo n't stop the oil in open water ; protecting birds ' breeding sites is self-defeating since birds fly to other parts of the Gulf to swoop down and catch fish , and even cleaning birds can prove useless if they return to the oil-fouled waters , he said . Ultimately , he said , it 's "  not a surprise that if you make 30,000 holes in the Gulf of Mexico , oil would start coming out of one of them . " "  Leroy Stick " Stick is the humorist behind @BPGlobalPR , which has more than 179,000 followers on Twitter . Not only did Stick keep his ski mask on to keep his identity a secret , but he even posed for a time on stage as another fake character , "  Terry . " "  Terry " is a BP public relations official who said "  we 're sorry , we 're not accepting blame for whatever it is you 're mad at us for . " He said he wanted to focus on the positive , not the negative , and introduced BP 's Atlantis Rig , which at 7,000 feet is deeper than the Deepwater Horizon rig was . "  Is it safe ? We did n't ask engineers , " but showed a fake text message asking federal officials for permission to drill it . The phony reply , also a text message : "  Whatever . " "  If I took off this mask , you would be incredibly underwhelmed , I 'm just a guy that had an idea and I ran with it . I realized I had a tool to engage people thru humor . " Then he got serious : "  If you think the status quo is unacceptable , then do n't accept it . Shake things up . "	One-day TEDx OilSpill conference in Washington provided many perspectives on oil crisis Experts say much is still unknown about effects of oil , dispersant underwater Gulf activist describes father 's death in Asian oil drilling accident Creator of fake BP public relations Twitter account performs wearing a mask
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish security forces barricaded the commercial center of Istanbul in an attempt to stop May Day celebrations from taking place in the city 's iconic Taksim Square . Police fired plastic pellets and used tear gas and water cannon in an attempt to disperse May Day demonstrators who tried to defy the ban and reach the city center . Protesters responded by throwing stones and bottles and shooting fireworks at riot police . Similar clashes erupted in the Turkish capital Ankara and the port city of Izmir . Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent people from gathering in Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city . Citing security threats by extremist groups , the government shut Istanbul 's subway system , stopped many commercial ferry services between the European and Asian halves of the city , and blocked vehicular traffic on some of Istanbul 's busiest roads . "  Intelligence units have received information that illegal terrorist organizations and their extensions are going to resort to violence against security forces . This situation would create circumstances that would not only disrupt public order and security but also seriously threaten the rights and freedoms of our citizens , " the Istanbul governor 's office announced in a written statement released Wednesday night . The governor 's office also justified the ban , arguing that May Day rallies would hurt Istanbul 's image as a tourist destination . "  Taksim Square and the surrounding area are not suitable for high attendance gatherings and demonstrations , " the governor 's office wrote . "  In Taksim vehicular and pedestrian traffic is intense and the area has great tourism potential with 24/7 tourist hotels , so negative developments in this area would negatively impact the country economy , tourism potential and the marketing image of our country . " But the shut-down of the city center left many foreign tourists bewildered , as police turned them away from barricades . Some visitors could be seen dragging suitcases through empty and barricaded streets in a confused search for hotels . "  Closed , " a police officer said , turning away an elderly European couple trying to enter Taksim Square . The sprawling pedestrian area was all but deserted throughout the day on Thursday , with the exception of security forces , a handful of journalists , and wandering flocks of pigeons . For decades , May Day , or International Workers Day , has been a day of tension between leftist Turkish labor unions and security forces . Taksim Square holds particular importance to leftist parties , because dozens of people were killed there in a May 1 , 1977 rally in which gunfire triggered a deadly stampede . In 2011 and 2012 , the ruling Justice and Development Party allowed leftist groups to rally in Taksim for the first time in decades . The gatherings were festive and peaceful , decorated with giant posters of those who died in 1977 . But in 2013 , the government banned the annual rally , sparking a day of violence that has spiraled into the most politically turbulent year of anti-government protests Turkey has seen in more than a decade . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power since his party first won parliamentary elections in 2002 . He frequently denounces his critics , accusing them of being terrorists bent on overthrowing his government . His supporters argue Turkey has grown more democratic during the Erdogan era . They point to his party 's sweeping victory in local elections last March , when Justice and Development Party candidates won at least 43 % of the national vote . "  We have moved away from a state that saw its citizens as a threat , " said Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay in a speech earlier this week . But many human rights groups and press freedoms organizations argue the Erdogan government has grown increasingly intolerant of public displays of dissent in recent years . This week , the U.S.-based human rights organization Freedom House downgraded classification of Turkey from "  Partly Free " to "  Not free . " "  Constitutional guarantees of freedom of the press and expression are only partially upheld in practice , undermined by restrictive provisions in the criminal code and the Anti-Terrorism Act , " Freedom House said . They also said , "  Turkey remained the world 's leading jailer of journalists in 2013 . "	Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent public gatherings in Istanbul They used tear gas and water cannon to disperse demonstrators who defied ban A ban last year led to a year of anti-government violence and demonstrations
GAZA-ISRAEL BORDER  CNN  -- From a distance , smoke rises over Gaza . It is about as close as most reporters can get to the battle zone . The world 's media have been camped on the Israeli border with Gaza . Israel 's media restrictions have prevented dozens of international journalists from entering Gaza , where the Jewish state is waging an operation against militant targets . International news media are forced to report on the more than two-week-old conflict from a hill near the Gaza-Israel border . CNN relies on a local journalist in Gaza , but can not send other reporters into the Palestinian territory . In addition , Egypt is also not allowing journalists to cross its border into Gaza . "  It 's really frustrating , you ca n't be there , see there and feel it , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson . "  And you see these pictures from the hospital , but what 's happening behind the hospital ? What 's Hamas doing ? " Israel has accused Hamas militants of exploiting the deaths of civilians to garner international sympathy through the media . Robertson pointed out that allowing reporters into Gaza would give the world a more thorough picture of Israel 's military operation . "  The questions we would ask that go beyond the immediacy of the civilian casualties that you want to know about , but the other stuff that really informs you , " he said . It is a very different strategy from Israel 's position during its 2006 war against Hezbollah militants in Lebanon . Then , reporters were allowed to broadcast from Israeli artillery positions . But this time , Israel has changed its tactics and is preventing international reporters from being embedded with the military to avoid interference in military operations , an Israeli government spokesman said . "  There was too much exposure , " Daniel Seaman said . "  It had an effect on our ability to achieve strategic goals , so that 's one of the lessons we learned from the war in Lebanon . " Some Israeli journalists are embedded with the military in Gaza but are not allowed to report from elsewhere . The Tel Aviv-based Foreign Press Association -- of which CNN is a member -- is among several groups that have criticized the restrictions . "  The unprecedented denial of access to Gaza for the world 's media amounts to a severe violation of press freedom and puts the state of Israel in the company of a handful of regimes around the world which regularly keep journalists from doing their jobs , " the association said in a January 6 statement . John Ging , the head of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in Gaza , said the absence of journalists is preventing the truth from getting out . Herve Deguine , a spokesman for the Paris , France-based Reporters Without Borders , said the dangers of the current conflict do not override the need for media coverage . "  Of course it 's a dangerous place , of course journalists have to take the responsibilities and have to decide whether they want to go in or not and where they want to be , " Deguine said . "  But banning the press to enter Gaza is just unacceptable . " Almost two weeks into the operation , Israel did allow a western camera crew across the border . But footage shot by the BBC crew was subject to clearance by Israeli military censors . Images from inside Gaza did filter out to the world from journalists based inside Gaza who work for news agencies such as Ramattan and broadcasters like Al-Jazeera . Inside Gaza , Hamas has controlled the images broadcast by the media , and pictures of suffering have been encouraged . But the outside world has seen very few images of Hamas fighters or their rockets being fired into Israel . Both the Israeli military and Hamas have launched pages on the Web site , YouTube . Israel Defense Forces says the shared video is "  documentation of the IDF 's humane action and operational success in Operation Cast Lead . " Hamas ' video shows graphic scenes from the fighting and also attacks its political rival , Fatah . In times of war , the line between winning and losing can come down to the public relations battle as much as the military offensive itself . But for journalists , it 's about finding a balance in the story -- a difficult task when they are unable to cover all the angles .	Israel 's media restrictions have prevented journalists from entering Gaza Hamas accused by Israel of exploiting the deaths of civilians through media Israel : Restrictions avoid interference in military operations Inside Gaza Hamas has controlled the images broadcast by the media
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. missile struck a village Wednesday in Pakistan 's tribal region , killing three Taliban militants and wounding four others , according to local officials and media reports . People inspect the damage from a suspected U.S. missile strike in northwest Pakistan last month . The strike is the 12th missile attack this year , compared with three attacks during the same period in 2008 . The missile -- fired from an unmanned drone -- was targeting a pickup truck carrying suspected militants near the town of Wana in South Waziristan in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , according to Nasim Dawar , an official with the South Waziristan administration . Witnesses and intelligence sources said the drone was flying low and the militants fired at it before the missile strike , Dawar said . Two nearby shops were destroyed in the missile attack , he said . The U.S. military in Afghanistan routinely offers no comment on reported cross-border strikes . However , the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely . Journalists Janullah Hashimzada and Nazar Ul-Islam contributed to this report .	Witnesses say missile was fired from drone plane flying low over village , official says Militants fired back at pilotless drone , according to official in Pakistan 's tribal region Strike is the 12th this year , compared to just three in same period last year U.S. military in Afghanistan routinely does n't comment on reports of drone attacks
CNN  -- Sending a letter will soon be a little more expensive , the U.S. Postal Service announced Tuesday . The U.S. Postal Service announced Tuesday a 2-cent increase on first-class stamps , effective May 11 . The price for a first-class mail stamp will increase 2 cents to 44 cents , starting May 11 . The Postal Service said the price increase was necessary because of rising production costs . Under law , the price of stamps is not allowed to rise faster than the U.S. consumer price index , which measures inflation . According to a written release , the increase will cost the typical family about $ 3 a year . "  Whether you 're a consumer or run a business , the Postal Service continues to offer a good deal during a time when we 're all looking for ways to save , " said spokesman Stephen M. Kearney . Until the new prices go into effect , customers can buy "  Forever Stamps " at the current 42-cent rate . "  The Forever Stamp is always honored for a 1-ounce letter with no need for additional postage , " Kearney said . iReport.com : Mail five days a week ? Billions of the Forever Stamps have been sold since being introduced in April 2007 , according to the Postal Service .	Price of first-class postage stamp will increase 2 cents to 44 cents in May U.S. Postal Service says increase is tied to rising production costs Customers can buy "  Forever Stamps " at current 42-cent rate until May 11
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- A fisherman who was hospitalized after becoming ill while cleaning up oil in the Gulf of Mexico has filed a temporary restraining order in federal court against oil company BP . John Wunstell Jr. , is asking BP to give the workers masks and not harass workers who publicly voice their health concerns . Wunstell , a shrimper , said he was paid by BP to use his boat , Ramie 's Wish , to clean up oil that has been gushing into the Gulf since an oil rig sank about 40 miles off the Louisiana coast , gushing an estimated 19,000 barrels  798 , 000 gallons  of crude a day . In an affidavit , Wunstell wrote he started experiencing severe headaches and nasal irritation on May 24 . Over the next few days , he also developed nosebleeds , an upset stomach , and aches . On Friday , Wunstell was airlifted to West Jefferson Medical Center in Marrero , Louisiana , where he remained hospitalized Sunday . Eight other workers were brought to the hospital this week and were all released . "  We need to start protecting these guys , " said Jim Klick , Wunstell 's lawyer . In his affidavit , Wunstell described his experience at the hospital . "  At West Jefferson , there were tents set up outside the hospital , where I was stripped of my clothing , washed with water and several showers , before I was allowed into the hospital , " Wunstell said . "  When I asked for my clothing , I was told that BP had confiscated all of my clothing and it would not be returned . " The restraining order requests that BP refrain from "  altering , testing or destroying clothing or any other evidence or potential evidence " when workers become ill . Graham MacEwen , a spokesman for BP , said he could not comment on the restraining order , or on allegations that BP confiscated clothing . He denied accusations from Clint Guidry , president of the Louisiana Shrimpers Association , that BP has been threatening workers who speak out about health concerns . Fishermen contacted by CNN have declined to speak publicly . Some , who are making as much as $ 3,000 a day cleaning up the oil , have said they fear losing their jobs with BP . "  The BP oil spill wiped out their professions and their jobs this year and possibly years down the road , " Klick said . "  The only work they can get right now is with BP . " The BP spokesman said there have been no threats against workers for speaking out . "  If they have any concerns , they should raise them with their supervisors , " MacEwen said . "  They can also call the joint information center and make complaints anonymously . " Wunstell is one of nine clean-up workers who were sent to the hospital with symptoms such as shortness of breath , nose and throat irritation , headaches , and dizziness . The restraining order requests that BP stop using dispersants without providing "  appropriate personal protective equipment " to workers . Corexit , a dispersant , is being sprayed into the Gulf to break down the oil . The safety data information sheet from the manufacturer states that people should "  avoid breathing in vapor " from Corexit , and that masks should be work when Corexit is present in certain concentrations in the air . BP has not supplied workers with masks when they work near the oil and dispersants . "  We 're been carrying out very extensive air quality since early on in this exercise , to make sure that we have working safe conditions , and thus far not found situations where there are air quality concerns that would require face masks , " MacEwen said . He added that workers who want to wear masks are "  free to do so " as long as they receive instructions from their supervisors on how to use them . According to Guidry from the shrimpers ' association , BP told workers they were not allowed to wear masks . "  Some of our men asked , and they were told they 'd be fired if they wore masks , " he said . Tony Hayward , the chief executive officer of BP , offered another explanation for the fishermen 's illness : spoiled food . "  Food poisoning is clearly a big issue , " Hayward said Sunday . "  It 's something we 've got to be very mindful of . It 's one of the big issues of keeping the Army operating . You know , the Army marches on their stomachs . " An expert on foodborne illness cast doubt on Hayward 's theory . "  Headaches , shortness of breath , nosebleeds -- there 's nothing there that suggests foodborne illness , " said Dr. Michael Osterholm , a professor at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health . "  I do n't know what these people have , but it sounds more like a respiratory illness . " -- CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report	Order asks BP from destroying evidence taken from ill workers John Wunstell Jr. wants oil company to provide masks to workers cleaning up oil BP is not commenting
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that he and Afghan President Hamid Karzai resolved "  the major issues " of an agreement to keep some U.S. military forces in Aghanistan after 2014 . But a potential deal-breaker , legal immunity for U.S. troops , was referred to a council of elders . The immunity issue caused the abrupt pullout of U.S. troops from Iraq at the end of 2011 . ISAF member killed in Afghanistan Without an agreement , U.S. troops would leave Afghanistan with all NATO forces at the end of 2014 . The NATO mission now has about 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , about half from the United States . American and Afghan diplomats have worked for a year on a new agreement which would allow roughly 10,000 American troops to remain . Karzai said he did not have the authority to negotiate immunity for foreign troops . "  We will leave this to the representatives of Afghanistan who will come to the Loya Jirga , and then take it to the Afghan Parliament , and the Afghan people can decide on this , " he said through an interpreter at a joint press conference in Kabul . After Karzai recited a list of complaints about American operations in the country , Kerry struck a positive tone . "  We have resolved in these last 24 hours the major issues the president went through , " he said , adding the United States would "  respect completely " the need for the agreement to be approved by the Loya Jirga council of elders next month and then the Afghan Parliament . Karzai complained that the United States ' security guarantees have fallen short of protecting his country from attacks short of invasion -- a reference to possible threats from Pakistan . But he sounded satisfied with assurances that American troops would limit their operations inside his country . "  The U.S. has agreed to stop all unilateral operations in Afghanistan , " Karzai said . He added later , "  And under no circumstances foreign forces go and search the homes of Afghans . " CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Agreement would keep some U.S. forces in Afghanistan after 2014 NATO pullout Immunity for American troops killed similar negotiations with Iraq Kerry : U.S. respects Afghan process of submitting deal to Loya Jirga council and Parliament Karzai says he has U.S. promise to stop unilateral military operations and searches of homes
Washington  CNN  -- The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  PPACA or ACA  was signed into law March 23 , 2010 , passed by a Democratic congressional majority and championed by President Obama . It has about 2,700 pages and contains 450 some provisions . Here are the four issues that will be addressed by the Supreme Court during six hours of oral arguments Monday though Wednesday : One : The Anti-Injunction Act  the gateway issue 10 a.m. ET Monday , 90 minutes of oral arguments Here the critical question : Would those challenging the law be barred from making any legal or constitutional claims until the key provision -- the individual mandate  see below  -- actually goes into effect in 2014 ? The Anti-Injunction Act , in place since the 19th century , bars claimants from asking for a refund on a tax until that tax has been collected and paid . Judges in two federal appeals courts have made that "  threshold " argument , which would effectively stop the current legal fight in its tracks . Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' Citing that law might give the court -- particularly conservative members -- a way out of deciding the explosive issue in an election year . The majority could decide the political branches can best resolve the conflicts , at least for now , or that the matter can be handled after the November elections . Some court watchers have called this the health care "  sleeper issue . " It could potentially delay a decision on the constitutionality of the individual mandate for at least four years . Two : Individual Mandate  the key issue 10 a.m. ET Tuesday , two hours of oral arguments This provision requires nearly all Americans to buy some form of health insurance beginning in 2014 or face financial penalties . May the federal government , under the Constitution 's Commerce Clause , regulate economic "  inactivity " ? Three federal appeals courts have found the PPACA to be constitutional , while another has said it is not , labeling it "  breathtaking in its expansive scope . " That "  circuit split " all but assured the Supreme Court would step in and decide the matter . An insider 's guide : How the Supreme Court works A coalition of 26 states led by Florida say individuals can not be forced to buy insurance , a "  product " they may neither want nor need . The Justice Department has countered that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives , individuals do not "  choose " to participate in the health care market . Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $ 43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services , costs that are shifted to insurance companies and passed on to consumers . Three : Severability  the domino effect issue 10 a.m. ET Wednesday , 90 minutes of oral arguments If the individual mandate section is ruled unconstitutional , must the entire law collapse as well ? A federal judge in Florida had so ruled in February 2011 : "  Because the individual mandate is unconstitutional and not severable , the entire Act must be declared void . " But a federal appeals court subsequently overruled on the severability question , while upholding the individual mandate 's unconstitutionality . Opponents of the law say the individual mandate is crucial to its overall impact , since it is the main funding mechanism for the expansion of a range of other programs . This might be the one question on which the justices will ultimately agree in favor of the government . Four : Medicaid "  coercion "  the national policy implications issue 1 p.m. ET Wednesday , one hour of oral arguments This hearing will look at whether states can be forced by the federal government to expand their share of Medicaid costs and administration , with the risk of losing that funding if they refuse . The 28 GOP-led states bringing separate lawsuits say the new law 's significant expansion of the social safety net unconstitutionally "  coerces " state governments . That program is administered by the states with a combination of federal and state money , currently requiring coverage only for poor children and their parents or caretakers , adults with disabilities and poor individuals 65 or older . The "  coercion " issue was surprisingly added to the health care debate by the justices . The overall impact Both sides of the issue agree what the high court decides on these four questions could have monumental implications for the regulatory ability of the federal government to set long-term national policy goals in areas such as the environment , education and the workplace . Some states have long complained their autonomy is being eroded by creeping federal intervention on spending matters . Article 1 of the Constitution gives Congress the power "  lay and collect ... taxes to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States " and to "  regulate commerce ... among the several states . " Such authority has long been broadly interpreted , including when imposing conditions on recipients , be they individuals or states . No federal court has ever ruled states have been unlawfully coerced when they accept conditions or strings attached to federal funds . The Supreme Court in 1987 affirmed that congressional discretion . Frequently asked questions : A CNN guide Starting in 2014 , PPACA 's Medicaid changes would make millions of additional Americans eligible for benefits by raising the income level they earn and still qualify . That would include all adults up to 133 % of the federal poverty line . The tricky question is that states are not forced to agree to the law 's incremental Medicaid increases , spread out over six years . But the states say abandoning their participation as a result would be a financial , social and political catastrophe -- one which they can not realistically foresee . Their needy citizens rely on Medicaid , states argue , but the law 's expansion of the program could cripple state budgets , currently on average about 20 % . That could threaten other state spending priorities . So the long-standing fight over "  federalism " and the leverage the national government wields over states might soon reach epic levels with a high court decision either strengthening or limiting congressional authority on this and potentially a host of other regulatory areas .	Issue one : Will those opposed to the law have to wait until 2014 to challenge it ? Issue two : Is the individual mandate requiring coverage constitutional ? Issue three : If the mandate is struck down , does it sink the whole reform with it ? Issue four : Can states be forced by federal government to expand Medicaid ?
Washington  CNN  -- John Boyd is a man on a mission . Beginning Thursday , the founder and head of the National Black Farmers Association can be seen driving a spluttering tractor called "  Justice " around Capitol Hill , pressing political leaders to provide funds to settle a discrimination case involving minority farmers . Boyd , a fourth-generation black farmer himself , tells CNN that he wants Congress and the Obama administration to "  step up " and deliver the money needed to fund the settlement . "  We 've been waiting for years , " he said . "  And when we entered into this settlement agreement back in February , the administration announced it like it was a done deal . " "  They put out in the media that they were ` turning the page ' at the USDA , " Boyd continued . "  But the bottom line is that the black farmers do n't have the money . " The 1997 Pigford v. Glickman case against the U.S. Department of Agriculture claimed that black farmers were systematically denied government farm loans and support from federal programs because of the color of their skin . Eleven years ago it was settled out of court . Under a federal judge 's terms dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . But tens of thousands of farmers missed the filing deadline to submit claims . Then-Senator Barack Obama sponsored a measure in the 2008 Farm Bill that reopened the case , known as Pigford II . And in February , the Department of Justice released a statement announcing a resolution to Pigford II . But the statement said the settlement agreement was contingent on the appropriation of funds by Congress . After that the Senate failed to approve funds already passed by the House . Boyd says the situation facing black farmers in the United States is a "  national disaster . They 're dying every day , I 'm going to more and more funerals every day . Black farmers are dying when they were supposed to have received this settlement years ago . " "  I decided to drive my trusty tractor here -- Justice -- all over Washington , so people can see what a real farmer looks like , " Boyd said , adding that he wants political leaders to understand "  the lives they 're affecting when they deny justice . That 's what this is about . It 's about a group of people who 've proven their case in front of a court , who 've won time and time again in Congress . Now we have a bill , a passed bill , and Congress should enact it . We already have a hundred million dollars out there . Where 's that at ? " Boyd founded the non-profit National Black Farmers ' Association in 1995 . He 's worked to represent the rights of minority farmers since the 1990s , meeting with all sorts of political figures , from lowly bureaucrats to presidents . And this is n't the first time he 's mounted a somewhat unique , farm-oriented action in the U.S. capitol , either . He 's driven an older tractor into Washington from his Virginia farm before . He 's also driven a mule and wagon into the city as well . He chose this tactic because he says the black farmers "  are just marched out . You know they 're older now , they 're dying . And we 're trying to get more young people involved in agriculture and farming and it 's been difficult . Even my own son who really should ... has n't expressed any interest in  farming  . And deep down I know it 's because he watched how damn bad I suffered with the government and how bad the government treated us , you know with getting loans and things of that nature . So I know that 's really what it is . Of course he 's never said that to me , but I know really what that is . " Now , Boyd says he hopes to remain in Washington until a bill is passed funding the settlement . He says he will visit the White House Friday morning to talk about what he believes the Obama administration can do to "  push this thing along . " He says he is considering making stops at the U.S. Supreme Court , along with the headquarters of both the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee . Boyd says he 'll put his question to leaders of all stripes : "  Why ca n't we get this done if we have the support they say we do amongst Republicans and Democrats and the president ? Why are we still out here chasing our tail in the Senate , begging and pleading for leaders to do the right thing ? " Ultimately , however , Boyd says his protest is for everyone . "  There are other bills that are pending , " he says . "  It 's time for Congress and leaders in the Senate to start working for the American people and that includes the black farmers , too . " CNN 's Shawna Shepherd contributed to this report	Head of Black Farmers ' Association arrives in Washington for a tractor-riding protest John W. Boyd , Jr. wants Congress to approve money to fund settlement Black farmers have waited for years for compensation money after settling discrimination lawsuit
Hiring a former grand slam champion as a coach is all the rage these days it would appear . Novak Djokovic is the latest to join the trend after appointing Boris Becker as the head of his coaching team just over a month before he starts the defense of his Australian Open title . Djokovic , ranked second in the world , follows in the footsteps of Andy Murray , who appointed Ivan Lendl as coach in 2011 before going on to win the 2012 U.S. Open and 2013 Wimbledon tournament . Becker will work alongside the Serbian 's current coaching team , which includes Marian Vajda , Miljan Amanovic and Gebhard Phil-Gritsch . "  I am really excited to have the opportunity to work with Boris , " Djokovic said in a statement . "  He is a true legend , someone who has great tennis knowledge and his experience will help me win new trophies from the Grand Slams and other tournaments . "  Becker is a great person , too , and I am sure he will fit in our team in the best possible way . "  Boris brings a new fresh approach , and together with Vajda he will make a winning combination . "  My goal for 2014 is to play my best tennis and to get in shape for the Grand Slams and Masters 1000 . "  These tournaments have the most weight in our sport , and I want to prove my worth there . The team is now strengthened and we hope for maximum results . " While Djokovic will hope Becker can help him return to the top of the rankings , partnerships with former champions do not always go to plan . While Stanislas Wawrinka has enjoyed success working with former World No. 2 Magnus Norman , others have not been so fortunate . Maria Sharapova hired eight-time grand slam winner Jimmy Connors in July before firing him after just 34 days . The pair lasted one match . Becker , 46 , won six grand slams and 64 ATP titles during an illustrious career in which he became the youngest ever Wimbledon champion at the age of 17 . The German led his country to victory in the 1988 and 1989 Davis Cup and also claimed a gold medal at the 1992 Olympic Games playing alongside compatriot Michael Stich . "  I am proud Novak invited me to become his head coach . I will do my best to help him reach his goals , and I am sure we can achieve great things together , " Becker said . Six-time grand slam winner Djokovic has worked with Vajda since 2006 but both men decided it was time for a fresh face to be added to the team . Djokovic lost his No. 1 ranking to Rafael Nadal and was beaten in the 2013 U.S.Open final by the Spaniard in September . He will defend his Australian Open title in January with Becker by his side -- a move which Vajda believes will bring out the best in the Serbian . "  In a few weeks Novak and I will start the eighth year of our cooperation , " said Vajda . "  During that period we have achieved almost all the goals we had . I realized that Novak needed a new head coach in order for him to continue improving certain parts of his game . "  At the same time I will have more time for my family . Becker 's assignment will not affect much my position in the team , since I will do all I can for Novak , just like I did before . "  On the other hand , choosing Boris as the head coach is a good solution , I am sure we will get along very well , and that Novak will continue to progress . " The move comes on the same day that Djokovic was named as the International Tennis Federation Men 's World Champion for the third year in succession . The 26-year-old won his third successive Australian Open title , and was a finalist at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open and a semifinalist at Roland Garros as well as winning seven ATP titles , including the ATP World Tour Finals . He said : "  It is an honor to be named ITF World Champion for the third year running . I 've had a great 2013 season , and managed to end the year on a high . This will definitely serve as a good platform for 2014 . " Serena Williams was named as the ITF Women 's World Champion for the second year in a row following a stellar season . The 32-year-old , who moved back to No. 1 in the world , won 78 of her 82 singles matches and won both the French and U.S Opens . The 17-time grand slam winner ended the season by winning the end of year WTA Championships .	Novak Djokovic appoints Boris Becker as new head coach Partnership will start ahead of January 's Australian Open Becker won six grand slam titles during illustrious career German , 46 , says he is ` proud ' to have been appointed by World No. 2 Djokovic
CNN  -- Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Thursday that Canada 's governor general has allowed him to suspend Parliament , postponing a no-confidence vote from his opponents that he was likely to lose . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper says Parliament will resume on January 26 . Harper called on his opponents to work with his government on measures to aid the nation 's economy when Parliament returns on January 26 . "  The first order of business will be the presentation of a federal budget , " Harper told reporters outside the governor general 's residence in Ottawa , Canada . "  Those who were elected here to serve the interest of Canada as a whole should work together -- at least to some degree -- on planning an economic plan for Canada . " Had Governor General Michaelle Jean -- who represents Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II as head of state -- denied Harper 's request , Monday 's vote would have likely brought down Harper 's government , less than two months after his Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections . The Liberal Party and the leftist New Democratic Party announced plans earlier this week to form a governing coalition with the support of the Bloc Quebecois , which supports independence for French-speaking Quebec . Liberal Party Leader Stephane Dion , the man who would fill Harper 's role under the planned coalition , said the coalition would look to replace Harper unless he makes "  monumental change . " "  For the first time in the history of Canada , the prime minister of Canada is running away from the parliament of Canada , " said Dion , accusing the premier of placing "  partisan politics ahead of the interest of all Canadians . " New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton said Harper had used a "  maneuver to escape accountability . " "  He refuses to face the people of Canada through their elected representatives , " he said . "  The prime minister is choosing to protect his own job rather than focusing on the jobs of Canadians who are being thrown out of work today . " The news comes one day after Harper appealed directly to Canadians for support , vowing in a nationally televised address on the economy to halt his opponents , whom he accused of imposing their own agenda on the Canadian people . "  Unfortunately , even before the government has brought forward its budget , and only seven weeks after a general election , the opposition wants to overturn the results of that election , " said the prime minister , whose Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections on October 14 . iReport.com : Outrage brewing in Canada Harper rejected the idea of a "  power-sharing coalition with a separatist party , " referring to the Bloc Quebecois , and insisted the country must stand together . "  At a time of global economic instability , Canada 's government must stand unequivocally for keeping the country together . At a time like this , a coalition with the separatists can not help Canada , " he said Wednesday . "  The opposition is attempting to impose this deal without your say , without your consent , and without your vote . This is no time for backroom deals with the separatists ; it is the time for Canada 's government to focus on the economy and specifically on measures for the upcoming budget . This is a pivotal moment in our history , " he said . Harper , 49 , has served as prime minister since February 2006 .	NEW : Opposition accuses PM Harper of putting his job ahead of Canada 's interests Move postpones opposition parties ' plan for no-confidence vote next week Liberal and New Democratic parties join with Bloc Quebecois to try to unseat Tories Vote likely would have brought down Canada 's Conservative government
CNN  -- The Iranian woman awaiting possible execution by stoning was denied visits from her family and attorney this week , just days after her lawyer 's home was ransacked and searched . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani 's two children were turned away Thursday during visitation hours , her son , Sajjad Ghaderzadeh , told CNN Friday . "  They told me , ` Your mother does n't want to see you , ' and they would n't let me in , " he said . But later that night he received a call from his mother . "  The guards had told her , ` Your children did n't visit you today , they want nothing to do with you , ' " Ghaderzadeh said . Ashtiani 's children have visited her every Thursday afternoon since she was convicted of adultery in 2006 . "  This is the first time I was turned away , " Ghaderzadeh said . "  I do n't know why they are acting this way . " "  Our home phone number is tapped and being monitored . My cell phone is being monitored . They have control over everything . I do n't know what they are thinking , " Ghaderzadeh said . He also charged that Iranian authorities broke into the home of his mother 's attorney and stole his files . Houtan Kian confirmed the claim , telling CNN that he came back to his house Sunday after a meeting with Ghaderzadeh in his office to find his home burglarized . "  They took all my computers , and files for my cases . They literally knocked my front door down ! I ca n't believe this , " he said . Kian said he was also denied his weekly meeting with Ashtiani at the prison . "  Because I am her lawyer , and working for her release and trying to prove that she is innocent , for this reason they are not letting me visit her , " he said . Another attorney who represents Ashtiani , Mohammed Mostafaei , fled Iran earlier this month after members of his family , including his wife , were arrested and authorities issued a warrant for his arrest . "  I made a decision , after I saw that they were still going to arrest me and mistreat me , that I must leave Iran . It was a very hard decision , " Mostafaei told CNN at the time . Kian says Iranian authorities are trying to "  sabotage " the case by threatening his safety . He admits he is worried , but vowed he will not bend to "  their pressure . " "  I am scared for my safety , 100 percent . There are no guarantees from the authorities . I am scared for my family and very worried . But I do n't want to leave -LSB- Iran -RSB- at all . I have been working on this case for years . I will work until I prove they are innocent ... for all my clients , " he said . Iranian judicial authorities say a final verdict in Ashtiani 's case has not yet been made , ISNA news agency reported Saturday . Last month , Iran 's judiciary said the case was under review . The International Committee Against Stoning , a human rights group , has said that Iran announced she will not be executed during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which ends around September 9 . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by other means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Iran 's Judiciary High Council of Human Rights said in a communique Saturday that evidence shows the allegations against Ashtiani "  have been proved right " and that Iran 's judiciary operates independently , as other justice systems do , the semi-official Iranian Student 's News Agency reported . "  The stance taken by officials of other countries and international authorities on legal issues of countries is a wrong , unfair and biased prejudgment since they do not have access to reliable sources of the countries , " the council said . The statement came soon after France asked the European Union to come up with new approaches to get Iran to stop the pending execution . Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner raised the issue Wednesday with EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , asking that measures be studied to stop Iran from violating human rights . "  We need to encourage the Union in initiatives to remind Iranian authorities that ... their attitude of isolation has a price , which they can liberate as soon as they choose a more responsible behavior and more in line with their international commitments on the subject of human rights , " Kouchner said in a letter to Ashton published in the French press on Friday .	"  This is the first time I was turned away , " says son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani The Ashtiani case has sparked international outrage France wants EU to consider new "  initiatives " against Iran
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ashton Kutcher teased Twitter followers Thursday night about reports that he 'll join the "  Two and a Half Men " cast to fill the gap left by Charlie Sheen 's departure . The actor tweeted this riddle to his 6,659,567 followers : "  what 's the square root of 6.25 ? " The answer is 2.5 , as in "  two and a half . " Kutcher 's posting may the best clue amid silence from CBS , the network that airs the hit sitcom , and Warner Bros. , the studio where the show is produced . They 've both responded with "  no comment " to CNN calls about a Kutcher contract . Entertainment industry publications , including The Hollywood Reporter , are calling it a done deal , citing unidentified sources close to the negotiations . Hugh Grant almost replaced Sheen on ` Men ' Kutcher , who gained his early fame on a TV sitcom -- "  That '70s Show " -- has more recently been seen on the big screen . His last film was "  No Strings Attached , " which hit theaters in January . He 's also made his mark as a TV executive producer , most notably for MTV 's hidden camera show "  Punk 'd . " While Kutcher gives fans a math quiz , the equation he 's watching could involve his paycheck . Sheen , who is embroiled in a lawsuit over his sudden dismissal from the show , was earning a reported $ 2 million for each episode . Producers have been scrambling in recent weeks to find a replacement for Sheen to keep one of TV 's highest-rated sitcoms on the air for another year .	Kutcher tweets a riddle with "  two and a half " as the answer Industry publications report Kutcher on "  Two and a Half Men " is a done deal The network and studio are silent about reports Kutcher will join the show Charlie Sheen is embroiled in a lawsuit over his dismissal from the hit sitcom
CNN  -- The Mississippi Supreme Court has denied the state attorney general 's motion to set an execution date for Michelle Byrom , according to an order filed by the court Thursday afternoon . "  Having duly considered the motion and Byrom 's response , the court finds that the Motion to Reset Execution Date is not well taken and should be denied , " the order reads . Earlier Thursday , the court said Byrom , convicted of a murder to which her son has confessed multiple times , would not be executed Thursday , as the Mississippi Supreme Court continues to review her post-conviction motion . Byrom 's motion for the court is still pending , and there is no word on when the court 's decision on that particular motion will be made , court spokeswoman Beverly Pettigrew Kraft said . Attorney General Jim Hood had requested the 57-year-old death row inmate be executed "  on or before  the date of  March 27 , " Kraft said . The Mississippi Supreme Court has the final say on execution dates and they have n't yet issued a decision on the attorney general 's request . During Michelle Byrom 's original trial , prosecutors said she plotted to kill her husband , Edward Byrom Sr. . He was fatally shot in his home in Iuka , Mississippi , in 1999 while Michelle was in the hospital receiving treatment for double pneumonia , but a jury convicted her based on evidence and testimony , saying she was the mastermind . Byrom Jr. admitted in jailhouse letters that he committed the murder on his own after growing tired of his father 's physical and verbal abuse , and a court-appointed psychologist has said that Byrom Jr. gave him a similar story . On the stand , Byrom Jr. pinned the murder on one of his friends , whom he said his mother hired for $ 15,000 . Following her attorney 's advice , Michelle Byrom waived her right to a jury sentencing , allowing the judge to decide her fate . He sentenced her to death . Michelle Byrom 's attorney has now filed a motion asking the court for additional discovery so the confession to the court-appointed psychologist can be fully explored . Additionally , attorneys want to depose the prosecutor from her trial , Arch Bullard , regarding his knowledge of Byrom Jr. 's confession to the psychologist . Bullard has told CNN that he firmly believes Michelle Byrom was the mastermind of the murder-for-hire plot . According to those familiar with the process , the Supreme Court typically issues opinions at 1:30 p.m. on Thursdays . The nine-member court could issue a decision regarding the Byrom case Thursday , but there is no requirement on the timeline for the decision .	NEW : State 's high court denies motion to set execution date for 57-year-old State Supreme Court continues to review Michelle Byrom 's post-conviction motion Michelle Byrom was convicted of masterminding her husband 's 1999 murder Son has admitted to crime in letters and to psychologist , but not when put on stand
CNN  -- Germany and the United Kingdom are pulling nonessential embassy staff out of Yemen , they said Thursday , with the British citing "  the rapid deterioration in the security situation . " Both nations are keeping small core staffs in place in Sanaa , they said . Yemen , a key U.S. ally and a central battleground against al Qaeda , has been wracked by protests since the beginning of the year . Support for President Ali Abdullah Saleh appears to be slipping away . Saleh has accepted opposition demands for constitutional reforms and holding parliamentary elections by the end of the year , according to a statement issued by his office . The statement said Saleh was "  committed to undertaking all possible initiatives to reach a settlement " with the opposition JMP bloc and "  prevent any future bloodshed of the Yemeni people . " According to the statement , Saleh "  has accepted the five points submitted by the JMP , including formation of a government of national unity and a national committee to draft a new constitution , drafting a new electoral law , and holding a constitutional referendum , parliamentary elections and a presidential vote by the end of the year . Saleh 's aim would be to "  end the current state of political turmoil facing the nation and paving the way for a smooth , peaceful and democratic transition , " the statement said . There was no immediate reaction from the opposition , which previously has demanded Saleh 's immediate resignation . On Tuesday , a JMP spokesman rejected a report that Saleh was offering to step down by early 2012 . "  Any offer that does not include the president 's immediate resignation is rejected , " JMP spokesman Mohammed Qahtan said . Saleh 's statement came on the same day that Yemen 's parliament approved a 30-day extension of emergency powers he declared last week in response to the protests . The emergency law expands the government 's powers of arrest , detention , and censorship . The president 's standing has weakened after some government officials and military officers declared their support for the opposition Monday in the wake of a crackdown on protesters that left 52 people dead last week . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Wednesday for full political dialogue in Yemen involving all players to find a peaceful solution . "  The people of Yemen have the same rights as people anywhere , and we support dialogue as a path to a peaceful solution , " Clinton said in Washington . Asked about putting any pressure on Saleh , Clinton said : "  We are certainly making our views known on both a regular and consistent basis , both publicly and privately . " Yemen 's army repelled an attack Tuesday on a military position by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , killing 12 militants and wounding five , a Yemeni official told CNN , citing sources at the Interior Ministry in Sanaa . The official , who spoke on condition of not being named because he is not authorized to talk to the media , said the attack occurred east of the city of Lawdar , in Abyan province in southwest Yemen . The violence against opposition demonstrators last week drew international condemnation . Rupert Colville of the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights said Tuesday that the agency deplored the reported killings of protesters , including allegations of snipers shooting from rooftops . "  All such violations of human rights must indeed be investigated by independent and impartial mechanisms , " Colville said in Geneva , Switzerland . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday the United States was "  obviously concerned about the instability in Yemen . We consider al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which is largely located in Yemen , to be perhaps the most dangerous of all the franchises of al Qaeda right now . " Radical American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki is believed to be hiding in the country . The cleric has been linked to terror plots including the attempt to bomb a Detroit-bound plane on Christmas Day 2009 , and he corresponded separately with a British Airways employee about trying to smuggle explosives onto planes . Top American officials , including U.S. President Barack Obama 's counter-terrorism chief , have traveled to Yemen to meet with Saleh . Leaked diplomatic cables suggest Saleh 's government helped disguise strikes by U.S. unmanned drones on terror targets in Yemen by calling them Yemeni actions . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Germany and the United Kingdom pull all but essential staff out of their missions Yemen has been wracked by protests since the beginning of the year President Saleh has offered to step down by 2012 The opposition demands that he resign immediately
Financial Times  -- Eurozone finance ministers are eyeing a plan that would rapidly cut Greece 's debt mountain in the early part of the next decade in an attempt to secure International Monetary Fund approval for an extended bailout for Athens . Policy makers gathering in Brussels on Tuesday are inching towards a provisional deal to pay Greece up to $ 44bn of long-overdue aid . The deal would involve a political fix to reset Athens ' long-term debt target to after 2020 . While the details are still under negotiation , the shape of the potential deal involves Greece missing its target of maximum debt of 120 per cent of gross domestic product by 2020 -- a benchmark of "  debt sustainability " the IMF regards as sacrosanct . But additional debt relief measures would ensure that by 2022 Greece 's debt would fall to less than 110 per cent of GDP . This compromise aims to reconcile the public spat between eurozone ministers -- who want the 120 per cent target pushed back to 2022 so that official creditors need not suffer losses on any Greek debt -- and the IMF , which is refusing to release bailout loans unless Athens is servicing manageable debts by 2020 . The IMF can only disburse funds to countries deemed solvent . The IMF has urged European official creditors -- the eurozone rescue funds and the European Central Bank -- to take losses in one form or another on their officials loans or bond holdings to help reduce Greek debt . Heading into the meeting , the IMF remained sceptical that a comprehensive agreement was easily achievable , with the eurozone countries still privately at odds with each other about how to fill Greece 's financing gap . As the meeting started , the fund was holding to its target of reducing Greece 's debt-to-GDP ratio to 120 per cent by 2020 -- the goal which sparked a public disagreement last week between Christine Lagarde , the IMF 's managing director , and eurogroup president Jean-Claude Juncker . Fund officials have pointed to statements by the Netherlands and other mainly northern European countries making their support for any financing package conditional on the IMF 's approval . Mujtaba Rahman , a former European Commission official now at the Eurasia Group risk consultancy , said : "  The IMF needs to push hard on debt sustainability for its own institutional credibility . They 've finally understood that the Europeans want them in the mix for political blame sharing as much as for their actual policy prescriptions . " Greece 's debt burden has ballooned since the last bailout deal in March because the country 's recession has been deeper than expected and because privatisation plans have failed to get off the ground . Greek debt is now expected to peak at 190 per cent by 2014 . Furthermore , an agreement last week to extend Greece 's bailout by two years , giving Athens more time to hit austerity targets , requires an additional $ 15bn in financing that will further add to the country 's debt pile . The sharper trajectory of reducing Greece 's ballooning debt levels would come through a combination of cutting interest rates on existing bilateral loans , extending the debt maturities , launching a debt buyback scheme and the ECB forgoing any profits on its holdings of Greek debt . However , many analysts -- and some ECB policy makers -- are sceptical about whether these measures even in combination would be sufficient to hit 120 per cent in 10 years without more generous debt forgiveness . Most officials are optimistic that a tentative agreement will be reached on Tuesday to disburse the loans under an extended bailout programme , which would be formally approved after consultation with national parliaments , according to officials involved . The question is whether the IMF will agree to pay its slice of the loans to Greece . The most difficult element is likely to be bridging the divide with the IMF , which is insisting on firm pledges to ensure Greece is on a path to solvency . Mr Juncker said : "  There are good chances that we will come to a conclusive mutual solution . " But others were more cautious . Jutta Urpilainen , the Finnish finance minister , warned that the situation was "  very much open " and might not be concluded . Athens is seeking a payment of $ 44bn , comprising $ 31.5 bn of overdue loans and tranches of credit earmarked to it to the end of the year . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Eurozone eyeing a plan that would rapidly cut Greece 's debt mountain early next decade The deal would involve a political fix to reset Athens ' long-term debt target to after 2020 Deal involves Greece missing its maximum debt target of 120 % of GDP by 2020 The IMF regards that benchmark of "  debt sustainability " as sacrosanct
CNN  -- Long after she escaped a polygamist Colorado City , Arizona , community in 1986 , Flora Jessop found another way to escape : cocaine . Flora Jessop says she ran away from a polygamist sect in 1986 after being married to her cousin . "  It killed the pain . It killed the hurt , " she said . "  I did n't have to hurt so bad because I missed everything I knew . " Once she fled the fundamentalist Mormon sect , she was an apostate . She believed God hated her . Her parents and siblings thought she was wicked . Worst of all , she knew she was damned to hell , Jessop said . Jessop , then 17 , began hitchhiking across the country , almost killed herself with cocaine , worked as a topless dancer and eventually became pregnant , she said . Fearing that church members would hunt her down , she looked over her shoulder for five years , she said . She occasionally drank alcohol -- she liked tequila best -- but preferred to use cocaine because it kept her alert . "  When you 're running for your life , you ca n't afford to get to the point you can not run , " she said . Watch Jessop explain how running was an education " It was a need to protect her daughter that finally convinced her there was more to life , she said . Today , Jessop , 38 , escapes by freeing others trapped unwillingly in polygamist sects : 84 to date . She finds particular solace in rescuing women and children , some of whom are child brides like she was . It was a marriage to her first cousin Philip that prompted Jessop to run . Her story strikes a common theme among those who have left the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , a Mormon offshoot that disavowed the mainstream church in 1890 when it abandoned polygamy as a pathway to the highest level of heaven . The FLDS has strict rules , especially for girls : no pants , haircuts , drugs , booze or boys ; just "  keep sweet " and obey . So young women who leave often delve into worldly pleasures once outside , indulgences as innocent as blue jeans and as destructive as heroin and prostitution , survivors and an expert say . Jenny Larson experienced such urges in 1946 , when her mother , Berna , left a polygamist household in Glendale , Utah , with seven of her nine children . In those days , however , rebellion bore a different hue . Larson , 73 , recalls how "  you would n't have caught me wearing a long-sleeve blouse " after leaving Glendale . "  I think I was one of the first girls in the seventh grade to wear lipstick . I put henna in my hair to make it red . I was n't going to look like a little ` polyg ' kid , " she said , using the slang "  polyg " with all the contempt of a racial slur . Larson -- who goes by Aunt Jenny to the dozens of girls she 's helped escape and who wrote the book "  Brainwash to Hogwash : Escaping and Exposing Polygamy " -- concedes it 's rare that young women can shed the sect 's psychological shackles . So how did she know polygamy was n't for her ? Larson recalls seeing her father , Vergel , smack her mother for expressing jealousy over his second wife , Mae . Watch an ex-sect member say she 's now free " "  There was no way in hell I was going to live that way , " Larson said . And Larson quipped of the men hounding her for her hand in marriage when she was 11 : "  Some of them were so ugly I wondered how they could have sex without putting a sack over their head , but I 'm being mean . " Larson 's and Jessop 's escapes are not typical . Many women do n't want to leave , ex-sect members and an expert said . The purportedly rescued women often return to polygamy . An example is the 1953 raid at Short Creek  now Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City  , where dozens of women and more than 260 children were placed in state custody . Three of the then-children taken in the raid recently said that they eventually returned to polygamist lifestyles , including Fawneta Caroll , who was 7 when she was taken from her family . She remembers clearly what she felt 55 years ago , and it was n't relief , she said . "  We knew that the object was to take us away , adopt us out and we would never be back to our homes , " she said . Religion -- the reason these women say they stay -- is also used to validate the brainwashing and , in some cases , physical abuse employed to keep women and children submissive , said Marci Hamilton , author of "  Justice Denied : What America Must Do to Protect Its Children . " The women are wholly dependent on the patriarchal community , Hamilton said . They often lack education and marketable skills , and they 're told of "  terrible forces outside the compound , " namely evil people who wish them harm , she said . And there 's always the prospect of eternal damnation , said Hamilton , a professor at Yeshiva University 's Cardozo School of Law who has studied polygamist sects for 10 years . "  It 's not only physically dangerous to leave , you 're also risking your soul , " she said . "  Staying in the compound , even though they 're being abused , may look like a smarter choice to a lot of these people . " Joni Holm has taken care of four children who escaped Colorado City , and she concurs that youngsters who leave the community have trouble shaking their indoctrination . "  You literally have to take them , deprogram them and reintroduce them to society , " she said . Flora Jessop brought Fawn Holm , 16 , and Fawn Broadbent , 17 , to Joni Holm 's Sandy , Utah , home in 2004 . Watch Jessop talk about life in a sect " Fawn Holm , Joni 's sister-in-law , feared that she was about to be married to now-imprisoned FLDS "  prophet " Warren Jeffs , who is serving time in Utah for being an accomplice to rape . Broadbent 's name had just been placed in the church 's "  Joy Book , " meaning she could be married off any day , and probably without warning . The "  two Fawns " were smart , Joni Holm said , but had elementary school education levels . They had bizarre mannerisms and would n't look people in the eye . They would sometimes jump off elevators because "  they were taught they could never be alone with a man , " she said . Fawn Holm began using drugs and alcohol , and Broadbent dabbled in drinking , Joni Holm said . It 's a common phenomenon , Larson said . "  When you 're held down and ca n't have any freedoms , they go the opposite way when they get out : drinking , drugs , sex . They 're going to hell anyway ; they just jump headfirst in . " Joni and husband Carl 's greatest challenge , however , was teaching the teens to trust . So entrenched was their distrust of "  outsiders " that they needed even the simplest things proved to them , especially examples of how the FLDS "  twisted " the Book of Mormon , said Joni Holm , a mainstream Mormon . "  You have to show them factual stuff , because this is what their dad has taught them all their lives , " she said . When Texas authorities seized 416 children from the FLDS Yearning for Zion compound in Eldorado this month , there were similar signs of indoctrination , said Helen Pfluger , whose Baptist church in nearby San Angelo volunteered to help feed and clothe the children and their mothers . "  They were very quiet and did n't want to look us in the eye , " she said . "  We never knew for sure which child belonged to which mother . It was very communal . " They refused to play board games . Clothes had to be cotton and plain , no patterns and no red , "  the color of the devil , " Pfluger said . The children shunned processed food , white bread and sodas , and essentially subsisted on yogurt , fruit and lots of almonds , she said . "  Another San Angelo church had brought some coloring pages and crayons , " she said . "  They did n't know what to do with them , and their mothers did n't either . " Learning to color will be one of many challenges the children will face if they 're permanently removed from YFZ ranch . Joni Holm said it takes five to 10 years for a sect child to learn how to live a life society would deem "  normal . " Larson said it could take longer . Jessop said she might never be normal . But Jessop said she would rather wage the battles she faces on "  the outside " than live a life of submission and abuse . She reckons many FLDS children would feel the same way if given a choice , she said . It was difficult to give up the life she was taught was her only path to salvation . But she had to do it to get away from a culture that she felt was backward and malevolent , she said . "  The pain got so bad in heaven that I was willing to damn myself to hell to escape it , " she said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Amanda Townsend contributed to this report .	Women share stories on Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints Flora Jessop says she escaped abusive community , now helps others do same Woman who cared for escapees : "  You literally have to take them , deprogram them " Expert says women often stay , fearing "  terrible forces outside "
CNN  -- When I was just 3 months old , I was smuggled by my aunt into the United States . I was born in Jerez , Zacatecas , Mexico . Only three months separated me from being a U.S. citizen . Three small months that could have completely changed my life . Growing up in a town near Los Angeles , which is predominantly Hispanic , I always fit in . I never thought about race until I got to middle school . That 's the first time I remember being called "  Huero " and "  white boy " because of my light skin and green eyes . I knew my family was Mexican , but part of me was embarrassed . My parents did n't speak English , so I avoided having conversations with them in front of my friends . I was "  too cool " to be associated with being Hispanic . I was lost in my culture . Now I know this was the case with lots of my friends -- we were all searching to fit in . It 's in part because of the way the American culture has brought us up . There were two classes at my middle school : "  Americanized " Hispanics and "  beaner " Hispanics . If you were dark-skinned and did n't speak English well , you were called a "  beaner " and a border-hopper . You would be seen as "  uncool " or an "  outsider . " In gym class , some of the better soccer players were called "  beaners . " It was Hispanics being racist toward other Hispanics . I was one of those people who wanted to be associated with the more "  American " kids , so I always went along with it as I entered high school . I tried to be like my friends as much as possible . They were second - or third-generation Mexicans who spoke English at school and hung out with the white kids . I dressed like the Americans who wore skater shoes , baggy pants and Billabong T-shirts . And even though I loved soccer , I thought it was too Mexican , so I played football instead . Sadly , distancing yourself from your home culture was considered the norm . I fully regret it and wish I never had a part in it . Share your personal essays with CNN iReport Freshman year is when I first found out I was undocumented . I was waiting at registration and when the clerk was going through my paperwork , she asked if I knew my Social Security number . I told her I 'd get it from my mom later . When I got home , my parents had told me about my "  story . " I remember feeling ashamed of myself , that I was one of them , a "  beaner . " I mean how could someone like me , someone who looks white , be an undocumented immigrant ? I always thought undocumented immigrants were working the farms and not speaking English . It 's bad to say , but that was my vision of what an undocumented immigrant was . I always felt like I was too good to be an undocumented immigrant . I spoke perfect English . I got good grades in high school . I played sports . I was your typical American kid . I could n't help but wonder : Why is that one piece of paper stopping me from saying I 'm an American ? From that point on , my life changed . I realized that I would not be getting my driver 's license at 16 . I would not be getting a summer job to make money . Throughout high school , I was always careful about what I said in my circle of friends . When my friends would talk about going on vacations to other countries , I would feel so left out . I hated hearing them because it would bring me down . I wished that I had been born here . I wish I had been a U.S. citizen . But you can either dwell on it or deal with it . I chose the latter . At 17 , I got my first job working at a video store . It helped me feel more "  normal " and more "  American , " even though I still could n't legally drive . After I graduated , I started driving without a license . I had no choice ; I had to get to work and school . When most people my age were excited to drive , I felt the opposite . Every time I was behind the wheel , I had a constant fear of being pulled over . Yes there was some excitement , but that quickly faded when I realized the risks I ran . Being pulled over meant a ticket , my car being towed , and money to fix it all . When I was 21 , I got into a minor accident where I made a small dent on an older man 's car . When I pulled over , I just remember wanting to disappear or die . My heart sank and I was scared out of my mind . I called my dad , who came over quickly with my uncle . As I waited , the man insulted me . When he learned I had no license he flipped , cursing me and calling me every name in the book . After that accident I was even more cautious when I drove . Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight In my early 20s , I stopped caring about who knew I was undocumented . It 's not like something I chose . It 's not like it made me un-American . I told three of my closest friends about it and they could not believe what I was telling them . They could n't believe that someone like me , who looks so white , could be an undocumented immigrant . Now I 'm 25 , and I have learned a lot . I come from a beautiful culture of people who are full of tradition and I am proud of it . To this day , I 'm still asked what ethnicity I am . When I tell them I 'm Mexican , they just look at me in confusion and ask if I speak Spanish . When I respond in Spanish , the look on their faces is just priceless . After President Barack Obama signed an executive order in 2012 allowing children who had entered the country illegally to remain and work , I applied for relief from deportation . It took a couple of months , but in December 2012 , I got the good news . I could n't help but think about all of the possibilities that could come , like getting a good job and a driver 's license . But it was bittersweet . I still wish I had a way to travel outside of the United States . I know the first place I would visit : I 'd go to Mexico . Opinion : The undocumented are us If you 've immigrated to the United States , we want to hear your story . What was your path to citizenship or residency like ? Share a personal essay about your experiences with CNN iReport .	David Martinez was born in Mexico , and thought he came to the U.S. legally At 14 , his parents revealed he was an undocumented immigrant He distanced himself from speaking Spanish , playing soccer and anything Mexican In his 20s he finally learned to embrace his Mexican heritage
The death toll from the magnitude-7 .1 earthquake in the central Philippines rose Saturday to 183 , authorities said . The massive quake , which struck Tuesday , also destroyed more 8,600 homes in Quezon City , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . The bulk of the casualties were in Bohol province . Bohol residents struggle to recover after quake In an update issued Saturday , the council said 583 people were injured and 13 were missing . The quake was centered about 620 kilometers  385 miles  south-southeast of Manila , near Catigbian , and its depth was 20 kilometers  12 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Philippines disaster council gave the quake a slightly higher rating : 7.2 magnitude . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The quake hit on a national holiday in the Philippines , at the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . Landslides were reported in some areas . More than 8,500 homes were destroyed and nearly 26,000 were damaged , officials reported . The quake has affected nearly 3.5 million people across six provinces . More than 370,000 people were forced from their homes in the worst-affected Bohol province , the council said . Government buildings and infrastructure , including roads and bridges , have also suffered damage , the council said .	Disaster officials say 13 people are still missing and 583 are injured The death toll from the earthquake in the Philippines rises to 183 The quake was centered near a town in Bohol province It hit on a national holiday in the Philippines
CNN  -- Along with math , science and social studies , gun safety could soon be part of the first-grade curriculum in some Missouri public schools . A new measure that advocates for such classes for first-graders was signed into law last week . But the idea has prompted worry from some parents and experts about the role and effectiveness of gun safety programs in a classroom setting . "  I do n't have a gun . My family does n't have a gun . There is no reason for them to be teaching about gun safety when there are children with parents like me , " Aimee Patton , a Kansas City blogger and mom to a 6-year-old girl , told CNN in a phone interview . Though her child attends school in Kansas , Patton has been openly critical of the bill in her blog , Pleasantly Eccentric , since the legislation was introduced one day before the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting last December . Twenty children -- all of them first-graders -- and six adults were killed at the Newtown , Connecticut , school by a lone gunman . The measure signed Friday by Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon is part of the larger public safety bill HCS/SB 75 . It encourages schools to teach gun safety to first-graders through courses such as the National Rifle Association 's "  Eddie Eagle " Gunsafe Program . "  The purpose of the program will be to promote safety and protection of children and emphasize how students should respond if they encounter a firearm , " says the bill , which was sponsored by state Sen. Dan Brown , a lifetime member of the NRA . 5 things to know about guns The legislation prohibits school personnel and instructors from making judgments about guns or from using firearms to teach the program . Brown told CNN in an interview that Sandy Hook did n't spur any changes in the law , which he said had been percolating for years . "  It became more relevant after Sandy Hook , " Brown said , also noting that he did not talk with the NRA about the measure . Brown believes kids unfamiliar with guns are more likely to play with them and pull the trigger . Kids who grow up with guns , "  they get it . " A number of other states have taken steps encouraging schools to promote gun safety . The NRA noted the Missouri law 's signing on its legislative website , but the group did not respond to efforts seeking additional comment . But in testimony before the U.S. Senate earlier this year , NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said the group has a "  long and proud history of teaching " safe and responsible gun ownership across the board and to kids , in particular . "  Our ` Eddie Eagle ' children 's safety program has taught over 25 million young children that if they see a gun , they should do four things : "  Stop . Do n't touch . Leave the area . Tell an adult , " he said . Eddie Eagle is a mascot dressed as an eagle who addresses gun safety issues for children in pre-K through third grade . "  The purpose of the ` Eddie Eagle ' Program is n't to teach whether guns are good or bad , but rather to promote the protection and safety of children , " the organization 's website says , adding that its purpose is to prevent accidents . Scott Holste , a Nixon spokesman , told CNN the program is optional for school districts and is not mandated under the new law , which authorizes schools to seek public grants to fund safety programs . States tighten , loosen gun laws after Newtown Conflicting opinions Still , Amy Jordan Wooden , a Missouri resident and mother of two young children , thinks gun safety should stay out of her kids ' classrooms . "  I think I 'm a lot more interested in teachers and the legislature being focused on math , science and reading for our first-graders instead of an NRA curriculum . I trust the parents to teach the kids properly about the power of guns . That is where the responsibility lies , not in a school curriculum , " she said . Other parents disagree . "  There are too many kids who grab the guns and kill their cousins . I agree , I think they should know gun safety . It would be helpful , " Cathy Peters told CNN affiliate KCTV . Two studies critical of gun safety programs Pediatricians and gun safety experts say , however , that the efforts behind the measure may be misguided . For instance , a 2004 study on firearm-related injuries in children , published by the American Academy of Pediatrics , found that gun safety programs for children were ineffective , "  do not prevent risk behaviors and may even increase gun handling among children . " Another 2004 study of the "  Eddie Eagle " program , published by North Dakota State University 's Department of Psychology , found that children were able to verbally repeat the program 's message , but when they encountered a gun in a role-playing scenario , they were unable to put the skills to use . The North Dakota study said one shortcoming of programs like "  Eddie Eagle " was the absence of active learning approaches . When and how do parents educate children about guns ? "  Information-based programs are less successful because they do not actively allow the children the opportunity to practice the skills being taught , " the study said . Former police investigator and gun safety expert Steve Albrecht said "  kids do n't have the emotional maturity at that age . " Albrecht is a security consultant for schools and workplaces and is also a parent . He said schools have to play a bigger role in the gun safety discussion but "  in concert with the parents . " "  Part of the issue has to be educating the parents to keep the guns secure first . Because it does n't matter if the kids have been to a gun safety program or not , " said Albrecht . Patton agrees . She said the responsibility behind gun safety lies with parents and not with teachers . But LaPierre told the Senate in January that "  teaching safe and responsible gun ownership works " and stressed that firearms accidents are at their lowest levels in more than 100 years because of safety programs like "  Eddie Eagle . " Brown said first-graders should n't be doing experiential learning with guns and felt the "  Eddie Eagle " video would be enough . Guns OK in post office parking lots , federal judge rules CNN 's Bryan Koenig contributed to this report .	Missouri governor signed NRA-backed law last week Some experts say such programs do n't work Bill was sponsored by a state senator who is an NRA member Critics say gun safety is the responsibility of gun owners
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer arrived at the Shanghai Masters event in China Saturday amid tightened security after an online death threat against the Swiss superstar . Federer was flanked by security guards as he made a public appearance to make the draw for the prestigious event with fellow tennis star Lleyton Hewitt . He later visited an exhibition in the city where some of his Wimbledon memorabilia is on display . A tournament spokesman told CNN : "  We are fully aware of the comments that have been made and we take all such issues seriously . "  The Shanghai Rolex Masters has security in place for our players and every precaution is taken to make sure players are kept safe and comfortable and allowed to do the job they are here for ; to play tennis and provide their fans with the thrill of watching them in action . " The chilling message on a Federer fan website under the name of ` Blue Cat Polytheistic Religion Founder O7 had read . "  On October 6 , I plan to assassinate Federer for the purpose of tennis extermination . " The user also posted a doctored image of a decapitated Federer on his knees on a tennis court , next to a figure wielding an axe . Federer , who is in Shanghai with his family , appeared unconcerned by threats as he performed his media duties . "  I am very happy to be back in Shanghai , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I have a lot of fans here . I have not been here for two years because so many things in my life have changed , like having a family . I decided five days ago that I was ready to play here and I discussed it with my wife  Mirka  . "  I am very happy to be back here , where I have had a lot of success in the past . " He will face strong challenges from Novak Djokovic , who is bidding to win back the No. 1 ranking , and defending champion Andy Murray when the action gets underway next week .	Security stepped up at Shanghai Masters in China Top seed Roger Federer subject of online death threat Federer makes public appearances Saturday despite threat Bidding to protect No. 1 ranking from Novak Djokovic
CNN  -- Spain 's Jorge Lorenzo was crowned MotoGP world champion Sunday after finishing second behind home favorite Casey Stoner in the Australian round at Phillip Island . The Yamaha star took full advantage of a mistake by his closest rival Dani Pedrosa , who came off on Turn Four of the first lap to see his title hopes disappear . Pedrosa 's Honda teammate Stoner rode a peerless race to secure his sixth straight win on his home track , a fitting finale before his retirement at the end of the season . Lorenzo held off Britain 's Cal Crutchlow  Monster Yamaha Tech 3  to clinch his second world title in motorcycling 's premier class . "  What a day ! I 'm very happy , it was easier than I expected because Dani made a mistake in a corner and crashed . I wanted to keep with Casey but he was so strong , " he told the MotoGP official website . "  Today is an amazing moment . We 've been very patient and very concentrated , " he added . He will go into the final race before his home fans in Valencia with a 43-point advantage over compatriot Pedrosa , who was philosophic after his first lap mistake . "  There is some sadness because we 've been closer than ever to take the title , but also proud for all we achieved , " he said . "  Concerning the crash , it was nothing strange , I just went wider on the corner lost the front , maybe the tire was not warm enough . " Stoner , who saw his hopes of defending the world title disappear after a crash at the U.S. round in Indianapolis , was delighted to have signed off in front of his loyal Australian supporters with another superb victory , the 45th of his glittering career . "  It was very important for me to win a race before the end of the season and I 'm really happy to do it here , at home , in front of the huge crowd , " he said . "  My condolences to Dani -- I saw him crash out in front of me - but he had to push today and go out and win the race to keep his championship hopes alive . " Crutchlow 's teammate Andrea Dovizioso finished fourth with seven-time champion Valentino Rossi in seventh for Ducati . Marc Marquez of Spain finished third in the Moto2 race to clinch the world title in that category .	Jorge Lorenzo of Spain crowned MotoGP world champion Lorenzo finishes second behind Casey Stoner in Australian round Main rival Dani Pedrosa crashes out early at Phillip Island Retiring Stoner winning sixth straight race in front of home fans
CNN  -- Two Ian Poulter-inspired victories offered Europe a glimmer of hope in their quest to retain the Ryder Cup after another day dominated by brilliance from the United States . Despite Poulter 's heroics , David Love III 's team took a commanding 10-6 lead with only the 12 singles match to come on Sunday . The last time a team came back from such a large deficit was at the infamous clash at Brookline in 1999 when Justin Leonard capped a superb fightback for the United States . But after taking five points from a possible eight on offer , Love 's side are firmly in the driving seat and on course to record their first victory since 2008 . Day Two of the Ryder Cup as it happened Sunday would have been a procession had it not been for England 's Poulter , who revels in the matchplay format in the Ryder Cup and kept European captain Jose Maria Olazabal 's dream alive . He made five straight birdies on the final five holes as he and world No. 1 Rory McIlroy wrestled a point from Zach Johnson and Jason Dufner . And his ten foot putt on the final hole to secure victory was greeted with wild scenes of celebration from a European team that had looked down and out at one stage on Saturday . "  It comes from within , " Poulter said of yet another strong performance in the Ryder Cup . "  If we can do anything to get our hands on this trophy , with Seve  Ballesteros , who died in 2011  looking down on us , you 've got to do what you 've got to do . "  We 've got a chance and that 's all we could 've done . We 've got to take it to them tomorrow - it 's that simple . I want to go out early tomorrow . " McIlroy said of his afternoon partner : "  We needed something to happen , some sort of spark , and after 13 , Ian took over from there . "  All the credit needs to be put on this man . We can feed off his positivity , for sure . We clawed it back thanks to some incredible golf from Ian . " Shortly before Poulter and McIlroy 's victory , Luke Donald and Sergio Garcia held on for a narrow victory over Steve Stricker and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods , who has now lost all three matches he has played in Chicago . But in the afternoon 's other two matches Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson trounced Justin Rose and Francesco Molinari 5 & 4 while Matt Kuchar and Dustin Johnson defeated Paul Lawrie and Nicolas Colsaerts one up . Earlier , Poulter and Justin Rose spared Europe a humiliating whitewash in the morning foursomes . The English pairing edged past Watson and Simpson , grabbing a precious point on the 18th green . "  It was absolutely key . Jose put us out number one for a reason and that was to get a point , " Poulter said . But it was the high point on an otherwise miserable morning for the European team . Lee Westwood and Luke Donald were hammered 7 & 6 by Keegan Bradley and Phil Mickelson with Jason Dufner and Zach Johnson heaping on further misery with a 2 & 1 win over Nicolas Colsaerts and Sergio Garcia . Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell were also unable to stem the U.S. tide conceding defeat to Jim Furyk and Brandt Snedeker on the final green . Despite their two dramatic victories on the 18th green , Europe still have a mountain to climb on Sunday , needing eight points from the 12 on offer to retain the trophy .	United States of America lead Europe 10-6 going into final day of 39th Ryder Cup U.S. dominate morning foursomes but late afternoon points give Europe hope Tiger Woods loses third straight match after being rested for first time in Ryder Cup Two Ian Poulter inspired matches help Europe cling onto American coat tails
CNN  -- Film director Sidney Lumet , who made the American classics "  12 Angry Men , " "  Network , " "  Serpico , " "  Dog Day Afternoon " and "  The Verdict , " died Saturday morning in his New York City home . He was 86 . His daughter , Jenny Lumet , told CNN he died of complications from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma at 3:40 a.m. ET . He was surrounded by family at the time of his death , she said . Lumet 's films often dealt with deep moral and ethical issues , starting with his film , "  12 Angry Men " in 1957 , which featured Henry Fonda playing the sole holdout juror who convinces the others that a man on trial is , in fact , innocent . Lumet also tapped into the national consciousness with "  Network , " the 1976 satirical film about a TV anchor whose signature rant became a household phrase for every American frustrated with the system and hypocrisies : "  I 'm mad as hell and I 'm not going to take this anymore ! " Nominated for 10 Academy Awards , including best director , "  Network " won four Oscars : best actor for Peter Finch , best actress for Faye Dunaway , best original screenplay for Paddy Chayefsky and best supporting actress for Beatrice Straight . Lumet 's iconic films starred some of Hollywood 's most accomplished actors . With Al Pacino as the lead actor , Lumet 's "  Serpico " delved into one cop 's struggle against the seemingly insurmountable corruption in the New York City police department . The film was based on a book by Peter Maas about the struggles of two actual New York City cops , Frank Serpico and David Durk . Pacino secured an Oscar nomination for his performance . Pacino starred again in "  Dog Day Afternoon " in 1975 , which also featured a memorable chant -- "  Attica ! Attica ! " -- that tapped into an American outrage about a deadly prison riot . The film dealt with protagonist Sonny 's plan to rob a bank for his boyfriend 's sex change operation , though Sonny is a married man . His gang 's bank robbery , a tale also inspired by actual events , is foiled . In 1982 , Lumet directed another courtroom drama , "  The Verdict , " whose screenplay was written by David Mamet , and whose cast was led by Paul Newman . Lumet and Newman both received Oscar nominations . Despite his filmmaking accomplishments , Lumet never won an Oscar for any particular film . However , in 2005 , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences gave him an honorary Academy Award . In a statement , Grammy Award-winning producer and composer Quincy Jones said Lumet gave him his start in film composing in 1963 with "  The Pawnbroker . " "  I was privileged to work with him on four additional films including ` The Wiz . ' Sidney was a visionary filmmaker whose movies made an indelible mark on our popular culture with their stirring commentary on our society , " Jones said in a statement . "  Future generations of filmmakers will look to Sidney 's work for guidance and inspiration , but there will never be another who comes close to him . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg described Lumet as "  one of the great chroniclers " of New York City because his films often used the city as both settting and a figurative character . "  Sidney Lumet will be remembered for his ability to draw great performances out of his actors , his technical talents as a filmmaker and his zeal for the arts , " Bloomberg said in a statement . "  I was lucky enough to know Sidney -- we spoke just last week . I let him know that we intend to honor him this June with the ` Made in NY ' Lifetime Achievement Award . Sidney will now receive the award posthumously and I will ask his daughter Jenny , also in the movie business , to accept it on his behalf . " Lumet was born on June 25 , 1924 , in Philadelphia . His father , Baruch , was a Polish-born actor who moved the family to New York when Sidney was a baby . The family joined the Yiddish Art Theater , and Sidney Lumet began acting at age 4 with his father . Later , Lumet acted on Broadway and went into directing after serving in World War II . Lumet married four times , to actress Rita Gam , Gloria Vanderbilt and Gail Jones , the daughter of Lena Horne . He married Mary Gimbel in 1980 : she survives him , along with another daughter by Jones , Amy Lumet ; stepdaughter Leslie Gimbel ; stepson Bailey Gimbel ; nine grandchildren , and a great-grandson . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report	Sidney Lumet died of complications from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma His first film was "  12 Angry Men " in 1957 He also directed "  Network , " famous for its line " "  I 'm mad as hell ... "
CNN  -- A North Carolina man has been charged with murdering a pregnant Fort Bragg soldier , police said Tuesday . Fayetteville detectives arrested Edgar Patino , a fellow soldier , at his home in Hope Mills , North Carolina , about 15 miles south of Fort Bragg , North Carolina . He is accused of killing Spc. Megan Lynn Touma , 23 , found dead on June 21 in a hotel near Fort Bragg . She was seven-months pregnant at the time of her death , authorities said . Touma , a five-year veteran of the Army , had served with the U.S. Army Dental Activity Clinic in Bamberg , Germany , and in Fort Drum , New York , before her stint at Fort Bragg . Two of Touma 's friends told CNN that Touma and Patino had been stationed together in Germany and dated in the past . Touma 's friends said Patino proposed to her in Germany before Touma learned , on her return to North Carolina , that Patino was still married . The two friends , female soldiers who said they were stationed with Touma in Germany , asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the case . Touma is is the second female soldier from Fort Bragg to die under suspicious circumstances since June . Army 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc was killed in early July . Her Fayetteville , North Carolina , apartment was torched July 10 and her charred body was found nearby a few days later . Her husband , Marine Cpl. John Wimunc was charged with arson and first degree murder in connection with the death . Another Marine , Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden , was charged with arson and felony accessory after the fact to first-degree murder . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Fellow soldier Edgar Patino arrested at his home in Hope Mills , North Carolina He is accused of killing Megan Lynn Touma , 23 She was found dead on June 21 in a hotel near Fort Bragg , North Carolina
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A roadside bomb exploded under a bus in eastern Afghanistan on Monday , killing nine people and wounding 22 others , the Afghan interior ministry said . The explosion took place in Wardak province , with the ministry blaming the Taliban for planting the bomb . The Taliban said it was not responsible for the attack . Americans , Afghan civilians killed in weekend violence Wardak is known as the province where the United States suffered its largest loss of life in a single day in the war in Afghanistan . In August 2011 , the Taliban shot down a Chinook helicopter killing 38 on board , including 22 Navy SEALs and other members of U.S. special operations forces . In February , Afghan President Hamid Karzai in February accused U.S. forces of "  torture " and "  murder " in the province . The next month , Western powers pulled out of one of its districts after reaching an agreement with Karzai on the area 's future .	NEW : The Taliban says it is not responsible for the attack The U.S. suffered its largest loss of life in a single day in the province
CNN Student News  -- February 21 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day What message would you convey in a video about Black History Month ? Explain . * * Daily Discussion Question What do authorities say about the possible cause of Tuesday 's explosion at a Kansas City , Missouri restaurant ? What information is given in the report about natural gas ? What should you do if you smell gas in a building or a home ? What might be some effective ways of getting this information to other students ? * * Why did Zach Sobiech write and produce the song "  Clouds " ? How have people reacted to his song ? What was your reaction to this story ? What other kinds of support might be important to people in Zach 's situation ? * * In 1963 , why did civil rights advocates decide to hold a march and rally in Washington , D.C. ? What do some historians say about this event ? Why do you think that many civil rights leaders promoted peaceful protests as a means of raising awareness ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
New York  CNN  -- The International Monetary Fund announced its search for a new managing director as its former chief , Dominique-Strauss-Kahn , is confined to a Lower Manhattan apartment following his release on bail from a Rikers Island jail . A private security guard will monitor Strauss-Kahn around the clock , a source with knowledge of the bail agreement said . Strauss-Kahn , who is accused of trying to rape a maid last week in hissuite of rooms at the Sofitel hotel in New York , will pay the cost of the security guard at the apartment in the city 's financial district , the source told CNN . A real estate website states two-bedroom apartments with 9-foot ceilings in the landmark , 23-floor , turn-of-the-century building with a doorman start at $ 4,250 per month . The rental application asks , "  Do you or do any of your occupants have charges pending against you or against them for any criminal offense  s  ? " Strauss-Kahn does . He faces two counts of criminal sexual act ; two counts of sexual abuse ; and one count each of attempt to commit rape , unlawful imprisonment and forcible touching . In the charge of criminal sexual act in the first degree , Strauss-Kahn is accused of having "  engaged in oral sexual conduct with an individual ... by forcible compulsion , " an indictment states . Supreme Court Judge Michael Obus ordered the release of the 62-year-old economist on Friday over the objection of the prosecution , which said he is a flight risk . While Strauss-Kahn is in his apartment , where he is to stay with his wife , Anne Sinclair , he will not be able to leave except for medical reasons , Obus said . Once he is in a longer-term location , the former banker must give six hours ' notice before leaving . Defense lawyer William Taylor alluded to Strauss-Kahn 's reported failure to win approval to stay at another apartment in pleading Friday with members of the news media to grant his client privacy . "  The reason that he had to move is because members of the press attempted to invade his private residence and interfere with his family 's privacy , " Taylor said . The conditions of Strauss-Kahn 's release included $ 1 million cash bail and $ 5 million bond . A document signed by bondsman Ira Judelson shows that the bond was secured by money from Sinclair . Judelson would not divulge what Sinclair put up as collateral . "  I feel very comfortable with the bail package  and  the family is , " Judelson told reporters . "  I worked with them all last night on putting this together . They 're good people . " On Friday , more details emerged about the alleged attack May 14 in Suite 2806 of the Sofitel hotel . A law enforcement source with knowledge of the case said a room service attendant entered the suite a short time before the 32-year-old Guinean maid arrived . The room service attendant did n't think anyone was in the suite of rooms and used a pass key to let himself in to retrieve some room-service items , the source said . He told police he left the door ajar while inside , according to the source . When the maid showed up at the door about noon , the room-service attendant told her to enter , then departed , the source said . Once inside , the maid parked her cleaning cart in the doorway , as dictated by hotel policy . A short time later , Strauss-Kahn emerged naked from a room and attacked her , the victim has alleged . Prosecutors allege that Strauss-Kahn chased her through his suite , sexually assaulted her and tried to rape her . A criminal complaint states Strauss-Kahn shut the door at one point during the alleged attack . The law enforcement source said the maid escaped about 1:30 p.m. . About an hour before his 4:40 p.m. flight was to take off from John F. Kennedy International Airport for Paris , Strauss-Kahn called the hotel to say he had left his cell phone . He asked security to look for it in his room and to have it delivered to the airport , the source said . By then , police had been called to the hotel . Though hotel staff never found the phone , they followed police orders , telling Strauss-Kahn they had found it and would deliver it to him , the source said . Port Authority police took over from there , walking a compliant Strauss-Kahn from his first-class seat to a squad car at the airport , the source said . At the time , Strauss-Kahn was in the fourth year of a five-year term with the global financial institution and was paid $ 441,980 in 2010 , according to the most recent annual report . He also got $ 79,000 and first-class travel for him and his family while he was on company business . On Friday , the IMF said that Strauss-Kahn will receive a $ 250,000 separation payment and a "  modest annual pension " thereafter . We do n't disclose pension payments , " said IMF spokesman William Murray . "  But it is well below the separation payment figure . " The dean of the IMF Executive Board , Shakour Shaalan , announced Friday that the institution adopted a procedure to select its next managing director . In a statement , Shaalan said the board will meet with final candidates in Washington "  with the objective of completing the selection process by June 30 , 2011 . " Strauss-Kahn proclaimed innocence in a resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board late Wednesday . "  To all , I want to say that I deny with the greatest possible firmness all of the allegations that have been made against me , " he said . His next court appearance is set for June 6 . The judge granted the bail Thursday on condition that , in addition to posting $ 1 million in cash and a $ 5 million bond , Strauss-Kahn surrender his travel documents and submit to home detention . A criminal court judge denied him bail Monday , saying the fact that he was taken into custody aboard an Air France jet made him a flight risk . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer argued Thursday that his client had bought the ticket on May 11 , and that he was not fleeing anything . The maid testified before a grand jury Wednesday , according to her attorney . Defense attorney Benjamin Brafman has disputed her allegations , saying "  forensic evidence , we believe , will not be consistent with a forcible account , and we believe there is a very , very defensible case . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Adam Reiss and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Strauss-Kahn is staying in a New York apartment after leaving a Rikers Island jail Source : Strauss-Kahn is paying for a security guard to monitor around the clock The IMF says it will try to select a new managing director by June 30 Strauss-Kahn proclaimed innocence in his resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board
CNN  -- The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India and China called for the hastening of reform that would give these emerging economies more power in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank . "  The IMF and the World Bank urgently need to address their legitimacy deficits , " the leaders said in a statement released at the second summit of the so-called "  BRIC " economies meeting on Thursday in Brasilia . "  Reforming these institutions ' governance structures requires first and foremost a substantial shift in voting power in favor of emerging market economies and developing countries to bring their participation in decision making in line with their relative weight in the world economy , " the BRIC communiqué said . The countries urged for voting power reform to give developing countries a larger say in the World Bank at the upcoming "  Spring Meetings " on April 24 and 25 in Washington and similar quota reform of the IMF completed by the G-20 Summit scheduled for November . The BRIC summit -- the second since the group met in Russia last year -- was moved up a day , as Chinese President Hu Jintao cut his trip short to return to China after the earthquake in Qinghai province near the Tibetan border killed more than 700 people . The BRIC nations -- a term coined by Jim O'Neill of Goldman Sachs in 2003 as the group of the fastest growing world economies -- comprise 40 percent of the world 's population and about a quarter of its landmass . Together their GDP is roughly two-thirds that of the United States .	The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India and China called for reform of the IMF and World Bank "  The IMF and the World Bank urgently need to address their legitimacy deficits " The summit was cut short because of the earthquake in Qinghai , China
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A businessman and his wife were arrested on charges of blackmailing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , Italian police said Thursday . The blackmail allegations are linked to a sex scandal surrounding Berlusconi for months . Gianpaolo Tarantini , 36 , and Angela Devenuto , 34 , were arrested at their Rome home and brought to Naples to be questioned by prosecutors . A judge issued an arrest warrant for a third person , Valter Lavitola , who authorities said was the link between Berlusconi and Tarantini . Lavitola is believed to be out of the country . Tarantini , who is accused of paying escorts to go to parties with Berlusconi , has said the leader was not aware of the payments . But , according to the Naples 's prosecutors , Berlusconi was a victim of "  veiled and implied threats " and paid 500,000 euros  $ 714,250  to Tarantini . Berlusconi told the Panorama newspaper , owned by his media group , that he gave the money to Tarantini as an act of charity . "  Through Lavitola , " Berlusconi told Panorama , "  I helped a person  Tarantini  with a family and kids , which is now in very bad economic situation . I have nothing to repent of . I did n't do anything illicit ; I just helped a desperate man without pretending nothing  anything  in exchange . " Tarantini said he will cooperate with authorities . He denied he blackmailed Berlusconi , to whom he expressed his "  gratitude for all what he did for he and for my family . " In a separate case , Berlusconi is presently on trial in Milan for allegedly paying for sex with a then-17-year-old Moroccan belly dancer named Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " The Berlusconi sex scandal explained He is charged with abuse of power because prosecutors say he phoned a police station -- where she was being held on theft charges -- to have her released . Berlusconi has repeatedly denied all of the allegations , even joking about how unlikely it is that a man his age would be capable of the sexual feats some have claimed . "  I 'm 74 years old and even though I may be a bit of a rascal , 33 girls in two months seems to me too much even for a 30-year-old . " In 2009 , his wife of 19 years , Veronica Lario , filed for divorce and publicly accused her husband of "  consorting with minors " after he attended the 18th birthday party of an aspiring TV actress and model called Noemi Letizia . Berlusconi said the young woman was the daughter of a friend and that he had done nothing inappropriate . Noemi Letizia and her family also said there was nothing improper . That same year , another young woman , Patrizia D'Addario , alleged she and other girls were paid to attend parties at Berlusconi 's residence . Berlusconi denied the claim , telling his weekly magazine Chi : "  I never understood where the satisfaction is when you 're missing the pleasure of conquest . " El Mahroug has denied having sex with the premier . Both admit that he gave her money , although they say it was an act of kindness to help the young girl . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Couple arrested at their Rome home They are accused of blackmailing the Italian prime minister Berlusconi said he gave the family money out of charity
