LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson 's children , and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs . When asked if he were the father of Jackson 's oldest children , Klein said "  not to the best of my knowledge . " Klein , in an interview Wednesday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " denied that he was on the list of doctors being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department . When he saw that someone gave Jackson a dangerous drug , he was the one "  who limited everything , who stopped everything , " Klein said . Jackson danced around Klein 's Beverly Hills office just three days before his death and was "  not in terrible pain , " Klein said . Debbie Rowe , who was briefly married to Jackson and gave birth to his two oldest children , worked for 23 years in Klein 's office , he said . The doctor refused to say whether he thought Rowe should get custody of them instead of Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson . Photos : Stars come out for memorial " "  I ca n't make those answers , because ` should have ' and ` will ' are two different things , " he said . Klein was scheduled to talk to CNN 's Larry King about Michael Jackson on Wednesday night . Klein 's response when Diane Sawyer asked whether he was the biological father of Jackson 's children left open the possibility that he was . Watch why Paris Jackson 's comments were a surprise " "  Not to the best of my knowledge , " Klein said . "  All I can tell you is , best of my knowledge , I am not the father of these children . But I am telling you , if push comes to shove , I ca n't say anything about . " Klein said he "  ca n't answer it in any other way , because , you know what , I do n't want to feed any of this insanity that is going around . " Katherine Jackson was given temporary guardianship of the children by a judge several days after her son 's death . Rowe was considering whether she will seek custody or visitation of the two born to her , her lawyer said last week . The Los Angeles County coroner is waiting for toxicology test results -- not due for at least another week -- before determining what killed Jackson last month . The death certificate listed the cause of death as "  deferred . " Watch the latest details in the Jackson probe " Sources said Tuesday that when Jackson collapsed , his arms were riddled with marks , and their veins had collapsed , both characteristics found in intravenous drug users . The revelations add to the growing speculation that prescription drugs played a part in Jackson 's death . Klein said that when Jackson came to his office the week of his death , there were no indications anything was wrong : no "  problems of slurred speech , shorten movement or anything . " Watch Klein deny he is the father of Michael Jackson 's children " "  I saw nothing at that point that would make me worry whatsoever , " he said . "  But I was always concerned about him , because I was always worried about other doctors . " He said "  the problem with Michael " was that because he was rich , "  no matter what he wanted , someone would give it to him . " Klein said he once convinced Jackson not to take Dilaudid , a drug he said was "  10 times stronger than morphine . " "  I said , ` You ca n't take that . It 's poison . Throw that in the trash , ' " he said . "  And I got him to throw it in the toilet . But I ca n't be there every minute . " Klein said that LAPD investigators have not contacted him and that he is "  not one of the doctors " being questioned about Jackson 's drug use . "  I have given him medication , yes , " he said . "  He could take all the medication I have given him in a year , and nothing would happen to him . " Klein said he has "  sedated him in the past , " when he "  put him through very painful procedures . "  There was nothing wrong with the manner I treated Michael , because what I had to do is restructure for an individual who had lupus , who had terrible acne scarring his face , " he said .	Dr. Arnold Klein says singer seemed in good shape Is Klein father of two oldest Jackson children ? "  Not to the best of my knowledge " Klein will appear on "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night
CNN  -- Before this week , most Americans had likely never heard of Kyrgyzstan and even fewer could place it on a map . But the central Asian nation , which is about the size of South Dakota , is important to U.S. foreign policy for one simple reason : a vital military base through which tens of thousands of troops pass every month on their way in and out of Afghanistan . The fate of the Manas Transit Center was thrown into question Wednesday when Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiev was forced to flee the capital after angry mobs seized government headquarters . Fighting between police and protesters left 75 people dead and hundreds injured , authorities said Thursday . The protesters say they are in control of the government , but Bakiev sent word Thursday from southern Kyrgyzstan that he is not abandoning his duties . The United States likely will retain use of the Manas facility even if Bakiev 's opponents secure control of the government , said Alexander Cooley , a central Asia expert at Barnard College . Latest news out of Kyrgyzstan "  It 's going to survive , but it 's going to generate a lot of noise , uncomfortable negotiations and a lot of hard bargaining , " said Cooley , author of "  Base Politics . " The Manas base plays a major role in internal Kyrgyzstan policy on several levels . For starters , it is a major source of income in the small nation , which has a gross domestic product of less than $ 12 billion a year , according to the CIA World Factbook . The nation ranks 143rd in the world in terms of its GDP . In exchange for use of the base , the United States provides about $ 180 million in aid to Kyrgyzstan each year , Cooley said . Although the United States does not pay rent for use of any bases in the world , Cooley said , about $ 60 million of the Kyrgyzstan aid is considered payment for access to the Manas facility . In addition , Cooley said , Bakiev 's political opponents say the United States pays about $ 160 million a year to buy fuel for American aircraft using the base . "  The base is as much an economic investment as much as it is a security investment , " Cooley told CNN . "  Kyrgyzstan does not have a lot of economic assets . That 's why the base is important . " But the base also has deep significance to Bakiev 's opponents , who see it as a symbol of the deposed president 's corruption and U.S. complicity in his abuse of power . "  The United States stayed silent as Bakiev built a criminal state , " Cooley said . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video Political opponents believe that aid paid for use of the base went into Bakiev 's pockets , not the country 's coffers . "  That money went to companies and shady off-shore enterprises controlled by the family , " said Cooley . "  It 's the actual site of tacit deals and corruption . " The new government has said it will address citizens ' concerns . Kyrgyzstan has had a troubled history since shortly after gaining independence when the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 . Also gaining independence that year were the three other "  stans , " as some people commonly refer to the region : Kazakhstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan . "  Kyrgyzstan seemed to be in the 1990s the one bright spot , " Cooley said . Askar Akaev , who had been president since 1990 , started off as a good leader , Cooley said , "  and politics were pretty pluralistic . Then , he started regressing . " Akaev increasingly turned to repression . "  As they do , he stayed a few years too many , " said Cooley . "  Bakiev was bad , but Akaev was a real thug . " As happened this week , opponents took to the streets in 2005 and drove Akaev from power . Bakiev won election as president in July 2005 . But he , too , soon started to maneuver to increase his power and consolidate control . Demonstrations by political opponents in April , May and November 2006 led to the adoption of a new constitution that gave some of the president 's powers to parliament and the government . A year later , the parliament voted to restore some of those powers to the presidency . In September 2007 , the new constitution was declared illegal , and Bakiev resumed having the presidential powers he had inherited when taking office . "  The president then dissolved parliament , called for early elections and gained control of the new parliament through his newly created political party , Ak Jol , in December 2007 elections , " the CIA World Factbook says . "  In July 2009 , after months of harassment against his opponents and media critics , Bakiev won re-election in a presidential campaign that the international community deemed flawed . "  Just a few months later in October , Bakiev engineered changes in the government structure that further consolidated his already considerable hold on power . " The CIA World Factbook says concerns about Bakiev 's rule , "  included privatization of state-owned enterprises , negative trends in democracy and political freedoms , endemic corruption , improving interethnic relations , electricity generation and combating terrorism . " That such turmoil should fall upon such a country seems incongruous to some . "  Kyrgyz are great , " Cooley said . "  They are very hospitable . Very mild-mannered . " The CIA World Factbook describes Kyrgyzstan as a land of "  incredible natural beauty and proud nomadic traditions . " With an estimated 2009 population of about 5.4 million , Kyrgyzstan ranks No. 111 among nations . It is a landlocked country and entirely mountainous , with 94 percent of the nation 3,280 feet  1,000 meters  above sea level and an average elevation of 9,000 feet  2,750 meters  , the CIA World Factbook says . The topography includes many tall peaks , glaciers and high-altitude lakes . Nearly two-thirds of the nation 's citizens belong to the Kyrgyz ethnic group , while nearly 14 percent are Uzbek and more than 12 percent are Russian , the CIA World Factbook says . Likewise , nearly 65 percent of the people speak Kyrgyz , which is the official language . Nearly 14 percent speak Uzbek and Russian is the language for more than 12 percent . Three of every four citizens are Muslim and one in five are Russian Orthodox . Although Kyrgyzstan shares a 533-mile  858-kilometer  border with China , most people identify with mother-nation Russia . Kyrgyzstan was formally annexed to Russia in 1876 and became a Soviet republic in 1936 . "  There 's a strong cultural affinity to Russia due to media , education and the Soviet legacy , " Cooley said . Still , China is knocking at the door . "  China has moved in , but it 's been a very recent development , " said Cooley . "  Last year , China did a lot more trade there than Russia did . But there 's very little cultural affiliation with China . " There is no seeming affinity for the United States , a distant nation tied in the minds and hearts of many Kyrgyz to corruption at home . The question that remained unanswered this week was whether millions of dollars in U.S. aid would provide enough affiliation to allow continued use of the Manas Transit Center .	Central Asian nation is home to a military base that 's vital to U.S. in Afghanistan war Kyrgyzstan initially showed great promise after the break-up of the Soviet Union Its rulers eventually fell into repressive rule ; some residents say U.S. turned blind eye China is beginning to make economic inroads with the landlocked nation
CNN  -- New video broadcast on North Korean television shows a military unit carrying out live-fire drills in sight of a South Korean island . The military exercises this week on the southwestern coast of North Korea were close to the disputed maritime border . State television , KRT , also shows tanks repositioning and an artillery machine being prepared , overlooking waters that have seen a number of violent incidents over the years . North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island in November 2010 , killing four South Koreans , claiming it was responding to a South Korean military drill in the area . Fiery rhetoric accompanied the military actions . Deputy commander Li Gum-chol said , "  We will turn Seoul into a sea of flames by our strong and cruel artillery firepower , which can not be compared to our artillery shelling on Yeonpyeong Island . We are training hard , concentrating on revenge to shock Lee Myung-bak 's traitorous group and the military warmongers in South Korea . " Pyongyang has stepped up its rhetoric against South Korea 's President Lee Myung-bak and his government since Kim Jong Un took over as North Korean leader last December after the death of his father , longtime leader Kim Jong Il . The footage and fresh threats against South Korea come just one week after the United States and North Korea agreed on a nuclear deal after years of deadlock . North Korea effectively agreed to freeze its nuclear program and the United States agreed to provide 240,000 metric tons of food aid . The two sides are due to meet Wednesday to discuss the technicalities of the nutritional aid . The United States and South Korea are currently carrying out annual joint military drills , which North Korea has condemned as a provocation . Now Pyongyang is staging its own . The United States has long said improved inter-Korean relations are crucial for success in nuclear talks , but the recent increase in rhetoric against South Korea and its president make that appear unlikely in the short term .	Video shows the drills near the disputed maritime border with South Korea The North has stepped up its rhetoric against South Korean President Lee "  We will turn Seoul into a sea of flames , " a military deputy commander says
Washington  CNN  -- The air traffic controller suspended for failing to respond to two planes heading into Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport has told investigators that he had fallen asleep , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . The controller , a 20-year veteran , "  indicated that he had fallen asleep for a period of time while on duty , " according to a statement released Thursday by the safety board . "  He had been working his fourth consecutive overnight shift  10:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m.  . " "  Human fatigue issues are one of the areas being investigated , " the statement read . Federal Aviation Administration chief Randy Babbitt said earlier Thursday that the FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident and that the air traffic controller has been suspended from all operational duties . An FAA official speaking on background said the controller was given a drug test after the incident . The official said the drug test was "  standard procedure " and did not know the results . The situation began at 12:10 a.m. Wednesday , when an American Airlines plane attempted to call the tower to get clearance to land and got no answer , said Peter Knudson , a spokesman for the safety board . The plane had been in contact with a regional air traffic control facility , and a controller at that facility advised the pilot that he , too , had been unable to contact anyone at the tower , according to a recording of air control traffic at the website liveatc.net . "  1012 , " the controller said , using the airline 's flight number , "  called a couple of times on landline and tried to call on the commercial line , and there 's no answer . "  The tower is apparently unmanned . " Apparently asked why by a pilot , the controller later responded , "  Well , I 'm going to take a guess and say that the controller got locked out . I 've heard of this happening before . Fortunately , it 's not very often , " he said . Knudson said the plane landed without incident in a situation termed an "  uncontrolled airport . " About 15 minutes later , a United Airlines flight also failed to reach the tower but landed without any problems , he said . After that , the controller in the tower was back in communication . Knudson said one controller was staffing the tower at the time this occurred . The controller 's admission that he was asleep during the landing emergency underscores concerns about the effect of fatigue on underslept controllers at work . In 2007 , then-NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker wrote in a letter to the FAA that four plane incidents "  provide clear and compelling evidence " that controllers are sometimes operating while fatigued because of their work schedules and poor use of rest periods . "  That fatigue has contributed to controller errors , " Rosenker wrote . The incidents cited by the NTSB were : -- A March 23 , 2006 , incident in which a Chicago air traffic controller cleared a plane to take off from a runway on which , 15 seconds earlier , he had cleared another aircraft to cross . The pilot of the departing plane stopped when he saw the other craft in the taxiway intersection . The controller told investigators he had slept only four hours during a nine-hour break between shifts . -- An August 19 , 2004 , incident in which a Los Angeles controller cleared one passenger jet to take off and another to land on a runway at the same time . The pilot in the landing aircraft noticed the other on the runway and pulled his plane up 12 seconds before they would have collided . The controller said he had slept five or 6 hours before coming to work . -- A September 25 , 2001 , incident in which a Denver air traffic controller approved a request from a cargo plane pilot to take off from a runway that had been closed for construction . The aircraft came within 32 feet of hitting lights that had been installed in the construction zone . The controller said he 'd slept only two hours between work days . -- A July 8 , 2001 , incident in which a Denver controller cleared one passenger plane to cross a runway where another was about to land . The landing pilot hit the brakes , stopping 810 feet from the other plane . The controller said he had worked three shifts in two days . Of the most recent incident , Babbitt said , "  In my 25 years as a professional airline pilot , I 've never seen anything happen like this . "  I am outraged by it , " Babbitt said . "  We 're going to make sure something like this never happens again . " Babbitt stressed that , because of a backup system , neither plane was out of "  positive radar contact , nor were they out of communication with the FAA , thus allowing both to land safely . "  That said ... this should not have happened , " Babbitt said . "  We should not have had this gap in communication . We had to rely on a backup system , which should n't have happened . " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood ordered the FAA on Wednesday to schedule two controllers on the overnight shift . "  It is not acceptable to have just one controller in the tower managing air traffic in this critical air space . I have also asked ... Babbitt to study staffing levels at other airports around the country , " he said . Knudson said it 's not uncommon for planes to land at uncontrolled airports . He said control towers at some fields across the country shut down for the night , and planes still land . However , he could not comment on whether that practice was ever used at Reagan National . The American Airlines flight , which was coming from Miami , had 91 passengers and six crew members aboard , airline spokesman Ed Martelle said . The United Airlines flight was arriving from Chicago with 63 passengers and five crew members , spokeswoman Megan McCarthy said . American Airlines had no comment on the situation , saying it was leaving it to the FAA to handle . United Airlines noted that the National Transportation Safety Board is reviewing the incident , and McCarthy said the airline is conducting its own review . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Air traffic controller is given a "  standard " drug test FAA administrator says his agency and the NTSB are investigating the incident Two flights landed with no communication from the control tower NTSB in 2007 cited four near-miss collisions involving fatigued controllers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new national poll suggests most Americans favor an economic stimulus package even if it comes with an $ 800 billion price tag , although that support does n't indicate the public wants to see a new era of big government . Two-thirds of people polled think Present-elect Barack Obama 's stimulus package will help the economy . Fifty-six percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday said they favor the stimulus package that President-elect Barack Obama is proposing ; 42 percent were opposed . Obama is pushing Congress to pass the plan soon after he 's inaugurated on January 20 , to help jump-start an economy mired in a deep recession . The poll also indicates that two-thirds of the public thinks the stimulus package will do just that , with 17 percent saying it will help the economy a lot and another 50 percent feeling that it will help the economy somewhat . Twenty-one percent say the stimulus package wo n't help the economy very much and 10 percent say it wo n't help at all . But Americans seem to be split on whether they 'd like more government regulation of business and industry , with 39 percent saying there 's too much government regulation and an equal amount saying too little . Twenty percent said the amount of government involvement is just right . Watch why most Americans back the bailout " "  Attitudes toward government have not changed since 2006 , when the economy was still in pretty good shape , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Most still say the government is doing too much that should be left to individuals and businesses , and trust in government is still low . " On the other hand , he said , "  with the economy in such poor shape , government action to stimulate the economy seems to get an exemption to the general concerns about big government . " There also appears to be a divide between the parties when it comes to government involvement . "  Six in 10 Democrats want to see the federal government do more , " Holland said . "  But three-quarters of Republicans would like to see a smaller government . The tiebreaker is independents . A majority of the independents polled say that government is doing too much that should be left to individuals and businesses . " The poll also suggests that a declining number of Americans trust the government to do what 's right . iReport.com : What should Obama do first ? Twenty-two percent of those polled said they trust the government to do what 's right most of the time . That 's down 6 points from when the question was asked two years ago . Sixty-six percent said they trust the government some of the time , and 9 percent said they never trust Washington . On the opposite end of the spectrum , 3 percent said they can always trust the government to do the right thing . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,013 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. finds 56 percent of people favor stimulus plan Numbers are more evenly split about government regulation of business More Democrats want the government to help more with economic woes Two-thirds of those polled thought Obama stimulus package would help economy
CNN  -- President Obama visits Mexico with many issues on the table , but reinstating the ban on assault weapons in the U.S. is n't likely to be one on which the two countries can reach agreement . Mexican federal police officers this week display an arsenal seized near the U.S. border . Mexican officials say criminals use assault weapons from the U.S. in the violent border region . Mexican President Felipe Calderon and Arturo Sarukhan , Mexico 's ambassador to the U.S. , say reinstating the ban would stop the deadly flow of weapons across the border . Under the Clinton administration in 1994 , Congress banned possession of 19 military-style assault weapons . The ban was allowed to expire 10 years later during the Bush administration . Earlier this year , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said that Obama would like to reinstitute the ban on the sale of assault weapons , noting , "  I think that will have a positive impact in Mexico at a minimum . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last month that as a senator , she supported a measure to reinstate it . And the urban policy section of the White House Web site says Obama and Vice President Joe Biden "  support making the expired federal Assault Weapons Ban permanent . " Obama still supports reinstating the ban , as he did during the presidential campaign , but there are no plans to reintroduce it anytime soon , according to an administration official . Obama thinks more can be done to stop the illegal flow of weapons to Mexico within existing laws , the official said , noting that the president has taken steps to deploy more law enforcement to curb the illegal flows of drugs , weapons and cash in both directions across the border . The administration is unaware of any broad-based efforts in Congress to reinstate the ban , the official said . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CBS on Thursday that reinstating the ban "  simply is not part of the plan that we 're talking about here . " Watch what Napolitano says about drug violence " The Obama administration says the U.S. shares responsibility for the situation in Mexico , but as far as the ban goes , "  there 's a lot on our plate , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said . Watch what 's on the table for Obama 's trip to Mexico " Gun rights advocates stress that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to own firearms without restriction . Gun control supporters interpret the amendment to mean that states shall keep militias but that an individual 's right to own firearms may be restricted . Those who support the assault weapons ban as a way to curb violence cite figures from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives that say American gun sellers supply the Mexican drug cartels with 95 percent to 100 percent of their guns . But others say that claim can not be substantiated -- and argue that less that 20 percent of weapons used in crimes in Mexico are traced to the U.S. Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president and chief executive officer of the National Rifle Association of America , says U.S. rights are not the cause of Mexico 's wrongs . In a commentary on CNN.com , LaPierre wrote that to believe U.S. freedoms are fueling the violence "  you have to believe these butchers and beheaders break every Mexican law they want except Mexican gun laws , which they honor -- while they break American gun laws . " "  Everything Mexico 's murderous thugs are doing is already illegal . At issue is not the absence of law , but the absence of political will to enforce the laws that both nations already possess , " he wrote . On the other side , however , there are those who say loopholes in America 's gun laws fuel violence in both Mexico and the United States . "  We need to realize that the Mexican drug cartels are arming themselves here because our gun laws have loopholes so large that criminals and gun traffickers can easily drive gun-laden trucks through them , " former Maryland Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , daughter of the late U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , wrote in a commentary for CNN.com . "  We need to prevent Mexican criminals and the traffickers who supply them from buying guns by changing our gun laws and strengthening U.S. law enforcement 's ability to crack down on corrupt gun dealers . " On the eve of Obama 's arrival , Calderon told ABC he thought the weapons ban was "  very good legislation . " "  During that period , we did n't suffer a lot , like we suffered in the four or five years , " he said . And Sarukhan told CBS this weekend , "  There 's a direct correlation between the expiration of the assault weapons ban and our seizures of assault weapons . " He said , "  We can not determine how Congress and the administration will move on this . What we will say is that this is one of the instruments by reinstating the ban that could have a profound impact on the number and the caliber of weapons going down to Mexico . " Obama was to meet Thursday with Calderon in Mexico City ahead of his trip to Trinidad and Tobago for the Summit of the Americas . But Mexico is n't the only consideration when it comes to gun control . In the United States , gun control is a wedge issue -- and one that can carry serious political ramifications . Democrats tend to shy away from remarks that could be interpreted as anti-gun , especially in swing states and districts .  Remember the frenzy that ensued after then-candidate Obama said people in small towns get bitter and "  cling to guns or religion " ? Democrats are usually thought of as the party more likely to enforce ownership restrictions , while Republicans are associated with ownership rights . As a candidate , Obama promised , "  I 'm not going to take away your guns . " Any other message would have been unpopular in the traditionally Republican states he won such as North Carolina and Virginia . Other Democrats , such as Sens. Mark Warner and Jim Webb of Virginia , also are getting elected with the help of NRA supporters . Even so , with a Democrat in the White House and a Democrat-controlled Congress , there 's been a surge in requests for background checks of potential gun buyers , according to the FBI , and some gun owners say they think restrictions are somewhere on Obama 's to-do list . Asked Thursday if it 's just too politically difficult now to reinstate the ban , Gibbs said , "  I think the president believes that we can have a greater outcome in the short term working to enforce the laws that are on our books . "	Mexico : U.S. ban on assault weapons would curtail flow of weapons into country Ban instituted in 1994 during Clinton era and expired 10 years later President Obama has no immediate plans to try to reinstate ban , official says Obama meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon in Mexico City
CNN  -- The director of a battered women 's shelter in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , was being held Wednesday on charges that she forced the women she cared for to commit sex acts with strangers , local authorities told CNN . Authorities were also investigating if children who lived at the shelter -- some as young as 5 years old -- were forced into prostitution as well , Arturo Sandoval , spokesman for the state attorney general 's office , told CNN . "  That is an aspect of our investigation , but that 's still yet to be determined , " Sandoval , whose office has taken the lead of the investigation , said . Soledad Griensen Porras , 50 , of Juarez was arrested Tuesday afternoon after one of the women in the shelter stopped police in the street asking for help , according to Adrian Sanchez , spokesman for the Juarez municipal police department . "  Our officers responded immediately and that 's when they found the shelter , which had pretty much become a brothel , " Sanchez said . Officers found "  several irregularities " at the shelter "  as well as five other women ... and eight children , " Sanchez said . The children had been beaten and had "  chile put on their private parts " according to a press release from the Juarez municipal police department . "  Griensen is the only person being held in relation to these charges , " Sandoval told CNN . "  She is currently in our custody . I ca n't give you anymore details about her since our investigation is ongoing , " he added . It was unclear how long Griensen had owned the Mujeres Unidas Contra la Violencia  "  women united against violence "  shelter or how long its residents allegedly had been forced to perform sex acts , Sanchez said . "  That is all part of the investigation , " he added .	"  The shelter ... had pretty much become a brothel , " says a Juarez police spokesman One of the women living at the shelter stopped police in the street and asked for help A 50-year-old woman heading the shelter is in police custody
CNN  -- Two weeks ago , Google published its much-anticipated Gmail app in the Apple app store . It did n't work . So the company had to yank the app . And now it 's back again . On Wednesday the Mountain View , California , company said it had "  fixed the bug and notifications are now working , and the app is back in the App Store . " Google offered no new apology for the screw-up , and said the app would continue to improve : "  We 're just getting started with the Gmail app for iOS and will be iterating rapidly to bring you more features , including all the ones listed above plus many more , " Matthew Izatt , a product manager , wrote on Google 's Gmail blog . "  Based on your comments we have already improved our handling of image HTML messages - they are now sized to fit to the screen and you can pinch to zoom in . " The company added : "  In the short time the app was public we received a lot of helpful feedback and feature requests . " On November 2 , the company offered an apology to users , who complained the app did n't work . "  The iOS app we launched today contained a bug with notifications , " the company wrote on Twitter . "  We have pulled the app to fix the problem . Sorry we messed up . " The whole ordeal led at least one tech writer to lose his faith in the company 's innovative potential . "  They release something , and I no longer have any faith that it 's going to be any good , " MG Siegler wrote on his personal Tumblr blog . "  It 's hard to get excited about a company like that . It 's the same reason why it 's hard to get excited when Microsoft and Yahoo release new things . The track record just is n't there any more . The faith is gone . " At least some initial feedback about the re-released app was positive . "  I really like it , the UI is great - do n't know what all these people are complaining about , " one person wrote on the app 's page in iTunes Preview . Overall , the app had a three-of-five-star rating on that page .	Google re-releases its Gmail app for Apple devices The company previously had released and pulled the app because of bugs Reviews of the newly fixed app are somewhat positive
CNN  -- It all started with Madonna -- the original Madonna -- and the 16th-century Italian artists who paid tribute to her with chalk and pastel artwork they drew directly on the street . Madonnari , as the artists came to be called , made a living traveling from town to town and collecting coins from people who admired their work . It was the visual arts equivalent of busking , and the tradition continued until World War II , when , for obvious reasons , it became impractical to sit in the middle of a street and create art . After the war , the art of the Madonnari languished , but before it could die out completely , a group in the city of Curtatone , Italy , decided to revive it . The first I Madonnari festival in Curtatone , in the province of Mantova  Mantua  , was held in 1973 , with some of the prewar Madonnari among the participating artists . And that was the catalyst for a new generation of "  street painters " who travel from city to city , and festival to festival , creating chalk artwork that hardly lasts longer than the handful of days required to make them . Discover the world 's most visited museums Typically , a chalk art or "  street painting " festival has separate categories for "  copyists , " who reproduce famous paintings ; "  free artists , " who create original two-dimensional works ; and 3-D artists , whose work may be realistic or fantastical . Many festivals also make room for children , teens and amateurs . The wonder of these works of art is the way they materialize before the eyes of the onlookers . "  First , there was nothing , " said Denise Kowal , founder of the Sarasota Chalk Festival , which will take place in November . "  Now , there is this art . And you watched it happen . " In truth , the art does not spring into existence overnight . It is carefully planned by the artists , who arrive with preliminary sketches and paintings that they will turn into large-scale pieces . Where they work is also carefully planned by the festival organizers , who provide them with precisely measured spaces in which to create their work . Even the pavement is a consideration , as every patch and crack makes a difference when the asphalt is your canvas . "  The quality of the street determines the clarity of detail in the work , " Kowal said . Here are some of the world 's top chalk art festivals that prove where the sidewalk ends , the art begins . Victoria International Chalk Art Festival , Victoria , British Columbia September 14 and 15 Now in its second year , this festival was inspired by local chalk artist Ian Morris , who has plied his trade on Government Street in Victoria for more than a decade . He will be joined by a roster of international artists including Dutch artist Leon Keer , renowned for his 3-D surrealist chalk art ; California artists Lori Escalera and Joel Yau ; Oregon artist Cathy Gallatin ; and Toronto-based artist Jo Lalonde , better known as the "  Chalk Chick . " Festival Bella Via , Monterrey , Mexico October 11 to 13 Italy might have given birth to the Madonnari , but Mexico 's tradition of street painting/chalk art is just as strong . "  Some people do n't go to museums , so we make public spaces a place for creativity and art , " said Rosy Loyola , the festival 's director . Equally important is the festival 's commitment to fostering young artists . Among standouts to watch for are Veronica Violeta GonzÃ ¡ lez Garza , Carlos Enrique Robledo Moreno , Margarita Botello and Omar Saenz . Parque Mirador Asta Bandera will be the venue when this festival celebrates its 10th anniversary this fall . Sarasota Chalk Festival , Sarasota , Florida November 13 to 18 Since its inception in 2007 , the Sarasota Chalk Festival has expanded in size and scope .  This year , it will add two more blocks around Burns Square . It has also expanded the definition of what chalk art is and can be . So , for example , the "  Going Vertical " segment of the event incorporates walls and buildings in addition to pavement art . You can also expect to see the world 's top 3-D chalk artists , such as Tracy Lee Stum and Kurt Wenner , who is credited with inventing the 3-D form . This year 's festival overlaps with the Crystal Classic Master Sand Sculpting Competition in nearby Siesta Key Beach . Sand sculpture shindigs : A bucket list Street Painting Festival , Lake Worth , Florida February 22 and 23 , 2014 Celebrating its 20th anniversary in 2014 , this festival is known as an incubator for emerging artists and a showcase for outstanding local artists , such as Michael Las Casas and Jeanie Burns , who have gained international reputations . About 400 artists -- from children and amateurs to professionals -- will participate this year , creating 200 works of art . I Madonnari Italian Street Painting Festival , Santa Barbara , California May 24 to 26 , 2014 One of the oldest chalk art festivals outside Europe , this one has been going strong since 1987 , attracting more than 100 artists and thousands of visitors each year . The festival takes place in the plaza outside the Mission Santa Barbara , appropriate for an event with a heritage in religious art . Proceeds benefit the Children 's Creative Project , an arts education initiative in Santa Barbara County . International Street Art Festival , Wilhelmshaven , Germany August 2 and 3 , 2014 The North Sea port city of Wilhelmshaven in the Lower Saxony region is well-placed to attract a diverse contingent of international artists . Though the number of participants is small  about 35 to 40 in 2013  , the work is outstanding and includes top names such as Germany 's Frederike Wouters and Italy 's Vera Bugatti . Next year will be the festival 's fourth year . Geldern Strassenmaler , Geldern , Germany August 16 and 17 , 2014 The first Strassenmaler  "  street painter "  festival in Geldern , Germany , took place in 1979 to commemorate the city 's 750th anniversary . Sixty artists participated . In its 35th year in 2013 , the festival welcomed more than 400 artists from around the world who created nearly 250 artworks at the end of August . The top artists compete for prize money with their original artwork , copies of the Old Masters or religious subjects . Fiera delle Grazie , Curtatone , Italy Mid-August  likely  2014 This is the festival that started them all , and now approaching its 42nd year , it 's still the most prestigious in the world . Expect about 200 artists to participate , creating original 2-D and 3-D artwork as well as reproductions of famous religious artworks . As of this writing , 2014 dates have not been announced ; the festival coincides with the Feast of the Assumption in mid-August . I Madonnari Italian Street Painting Festival , San Luis Obispo , California September 2014 Like its sister festival in Santa Barbara , this one was inspired by the Italian Madonnari street painters , yet much of the artwork is contemporary and done in the bright , bold colors that have come to distinguish the California style of street painting . Artists ranging from amateur to expert will carpet the plaza at the Mission San Luis Obispo with their work . Chalk Urban Art Festival , Sydney , Australia 2014 , to be determined This festival took a hiatus in 2013 so the organizers could work on a documentary film about chalk art . They hope to bring it back in 2014 .	Sixteenth-century Italian artists did street artwork as a tribute to Madonna A chalk art festival has categories for copyists , free artists and 3-D artists Every patch and crack is important when the asphalt is your canvas
CNN  -- To look at , Lake Kivu seems , well , innocent . Situated on Rwanda 's western border , it is both a prominent food source in the country , and -- increasingly -- a tourist hotspot . Hotels have rushed to set up along the coast to cater to the influx of visitors , no doubt lured in by the lake 's idyllic beach setting . "  The lake is very important to tourism , " says Innocent Twagirumukiza , founder of Green Hills Ecotours . "  When people finish visiting mountain gorillas , or other national parks around Rwanda , this is a good place to come and relax , " he adds . What these tourists may not know , however , is that because of the area 's volcanoes and anaerobic bacteria in the water , Lake Kivu is a storehouse for 60 billion cubic meters of methane gas , and susceptible to underwater eruptions . It is one of three "  exploding lakes " in the world . Though these types of eruptions , known as overturns , can potentially pose a risk to the local community  in 1986 , a similar lake in Cameroon released a bubble of CO2 that killed 1,746 people  , Lake Kivu is safe , thanks in part to the efforts of the Rwandan government . "  I do n't use -LSB- the term "  exploding lake " -RSB- . It 's just a lake that has methane gas and needs degassing , " says Olivier Ntirushwa , the manager at Kibuye Power Plant in northwest Rwanda . Not only does the "  degassing " keep the lake safe , it provides electricity for the region . In 2008 , Rwanda launched a pilot project to extract methane gas from the lake and use it as a power source . "  This is a source of power , a source of energy that 's free . It 's our lake , so why not use it like that ? " says Ntirushwa . Currently , only 20 % of Rwandan homes have power , and Ntirushwa estimates it will take at least 1,000 megawatts to power the country by 2020 . While the project is still in the early stages  the plant currently extracts a mere 2.4 megawatts of power  , Ntirushwa sees an enormous amount of potential . "  This lake has the power to produce up to 800 megawatts . We only do 2.4 , so imagine how much is left , " he says . The methane resides 250 meters underneath the lake , and to extract it , engineers lower a pipe to just about the layer of dissolved gas . Once captured , the gas is purified and dried . Overall , it 's a cheap method for creating electricity . "  It 's a very rewarding job , because it 's the first time -LSB- it 's been done -RSB- . It 's a new technology , and the people of Rwanda are very excited about it . Being a pioneer , being the first doing this , it gives some us respect . "	Rwanda 's Lake Kivu is becoming a tourism hotspot It is one of three ` exploding lakes ' in the world Underwater levels of methane and carbon dioxide could make the lake lethal Rwanda has defused the lake by using the methane for power
CNN  -- On the surface of one of Saturn 's icy moons , scientists have discovered the possible existence of a very important , life-sustaining element : liquid water . NASA scientists announced Monday the identification of 101 distinct geysers erupting on Saturn 's moon Enceladus . Their analysis suggests that water , a crucial component for life beyond our planet , can reach the Saturnian moon 's surface . First sighted in 2005 , the geysers erupt from four "  tiger stripe " fractures along the moon 's south polar terrain and spew tiny ice particles and water vapor , NASA said in news release . After seven years of collecting mission data from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft , scientists found the geysers to be powered by small hot spots -- the result of water vapor condensing and venting from subsurface seawater ; thus , answering questions about the geysers ' origins . Researchers had previously thought the ice particles and water vapor came from either frictional heat or from water vapor below the surface . "  Once we had these results in hand , we knew right away heat was not causing the geysers , but vice versa , " said NASA adviser Carolyn Porco , who led the Cassini imaging team . "  It also told us the geysers are not a near-surface phenomenon , but have much deeper roots . " More space content : Supermoon linked to supercreativity ? We think so CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NASA scientists identify 101 geysers on Enceladus An analysis suggests liquid water could be on the moon 's surface
Rome  CNN  -- Meeting in Rome with Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh , Secretary of State John Kerry announced Thursday that the United States would provide an additional $ 100 million in humanitarian assistance for refugees fleeing the fighting in Syria , bringing the total amount of aid to $ 510 million . Kerry also said that he is working to bring all parties together to create a transitional government and that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would not be part of that government . Jordan , which is being inundated by a wave of Syrian refugees , will receive nearly $ 43 million , which will support United Nations humanitarian programs in the region . Kerry said the fourth-largest "  city " in Jordan today is a tent city filled with Syrians fleeing their country , adding that "  Jordan feels the impact of what is happening more than any other country . " The foreign minister gave a bleak assessment , saying the 525,000 refugees make up 10 % of Jordan 's population . He said the number is expected to increase to 20 % or 25 % by year 's end , and then to 40 % of the population by the middle of 2014 . "  No country can cope with the numbers that are as huge as I described , " he said . The minister said he was "  encouraged " by Kerry 's meetings in Moscow this week , at which the U.S. and Russia agreed to push for an international conference on Syria that would possibly be held by the end of the month and include , for the first time , representatives of the Syrian government as well as the opposition fighting that government . Judeh said he was leaving Rome for meetings in Moscow . Kerry said he had asked Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , to travel to Istanbul to confer with opposition leaders . He said that on Wednesday , he discussed the plan for the conference by phone with the foreign ministers of most of the countries involved in trying to find a political solution , as well as with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon . "  There 's a very positive response and very strong desire to move to this conference , " he said , "  and to at least exhaust the possibilities of finding a political way forward . "	The U.S. secretary of state met with Jordan 's foreign minister in Rome He said there will be $ 100 million more in humanitarian assistance for war refugees Jordan , which is being inundated by a wave of Syrian refugees , will receive nearly $ 43 million Jordan 's foreign minister says the 525,000 refugees make up 10 % of Jordan 's population
CNN  -- A third teenage girl has died from last week 's shooting at a Washington state high school . Shaylee Chuckulnaskit , 14 , died Friday night at Providence Regional Medical Center , the hospital said . She and four other students were shot October 24 in the cafeteria of Marysville Pilchuck High School . Zoe Galasso , 14 , died at the scene while Gia Soriano , 14 , died Sunday night . Two students -- Andrew Fryberg and Nate Hatch -- were wounded by the teen gunman -- who happened to be their cousin . Shaylee 's family issued a statement shortly after her death . "  Our hearts are broken at the passing of our beautiful daughter . Shay means everything to us , " the family said . "  In Shay 's short life she has been a radiant light bringing us incredible joy and happiness . She has been a loving daughter , a caring sister , a devoted friend and a wonderful part of our community . We ca n't imagine life without her . " Rampage ended when ` hero ' teacher confronted gunman Tulalip Tribes , a federally recognized Indian tribe , said the Chuckulnaskit family is part of its extended community . "  The Tulalip Tribes continue to offer up our condolences and prayers for the passing of Zoe Galasso and Gia Sariano , our hearts are heavy as we hear of the passing of Shaylee Chuckulnaskit , " the Tribes said . "  With the loss of these three young lives there are no words that can truly express our compassion and condolences and the loss we feel . " Authorities say shooter Jaylen Fryberg invited his victims to the same lunch table by texting them . Many questions remain about why the shootings occurred , but the answers may never be known . Jaylen also took his own life in the school cafeteria . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Shaylee Chuckulnaskit was 14 years old She died Friday at a hospital , a week after she was shot in her school cafeteria Two other students died ; two cousins of the gunman were wounded The shooter took his own life in the cafeteria
Washington  CNN  -- Huge inflatable plugs -- now being developed by the federal government to protect subway tunnels from terrorist attacks -- likely could have saved some of New York 's subway tunnels from storm-related flooding , according to plug developers , some of whom are wistful that development was n't completed in time for Hurricane Sandy . The Department of Homeland Security successfully tested a plug in January , using the 16-foot diameter prototype to hold back pressurized water at a test tunnel in Morgantown , West Virginia . Another test to demonstrate the plug 's reliability is scheduled for next week . But project managers said only one current-generation plug has been manufactured , and they say they are two years away from marketing them to the nation 's transit and highway authorities . Get the latest updates on Sandy on CNN.com 's live blog "  If we would have had these things installed in the right places  in New York  , they could have made a terrific difference , " said Greg Holter of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory . "  The problem is we do n't have a stock of things that we could put in place . It 's not like we have a bunch of these sitting in a warehouse , " Holter said . "  It 's a little frustrating really that we were n't at a better stage at this thing . " "  We 've proved that these plugs can hold back water , " said Dave Cadogan of ILC Dover , the plug 's manufacturer . "  I wish we had moved a little bit faster as a team and had gotten this development done . " How giant tunnels protect Tokyo from flood threat Ever Barbero , a West Virginia University professor who helped develop the idea , says he thought of the plug immediately when he saw a news report that New York was closing the Holland Tunnel in advance of the storm . "  I said to my wife , ` It 's a pity that every tunnel does n't have two of these plugs ' , " he said . When he heard reports that tunnels had flooded , he said , "  The first thing that came to us is maybe we have work cut out for the next 20 years . I think now everybody will say , ' I should have plugged this tunnel . ' " Engineers : Dangling crane tied securely to NYC building But DHS project manager John Fortune , while bullish on the plug , says the plug is not ready for prime time . "  This is an experimental prototype . This is something that is probably two years away or so " from real-world applications , " Fortune said . "  It would be like asking Apple , ` Why ca n't I have an iPhone 6 now ? ' Because it 's somewhere in the lab now . It 's not ready to go . " The plug -- simple in theory , but sophisticated in design -- inflates like a balloon to fit the contours of a tunnel , and can reduce leakage to amounts manageable by pumps . Placed on either end of some of the tunnels under New York 's East River , the plugs could have prevented flooding , team members told CNN . But plugs would not have prevented water from infiltrating porous underground subway stations and other infrastructure , they said . Katrina , Joplin survivors offer advice to Sandy victims In all , seven New York subway tunnels and two commuter train tunnels flooded during Monday 's record flooding . Some of the tunnels were flooded from track to ceiling and "  it is still too early to say how long it will take to restore the system to full service , " the Metropolitan Transit Authority , which operates the rail systems , said Wednesday . The Department of Homeland Security began the "  Resilient Tunnel Project " in 2007 , focusing on the threat of terrorist gas attacks and fires in transit tunnels . But almost from the start , developers believed the technology could serve a dual purpose , protecting tunnels from floods during natural disasters . Sandy 's impact : State by state DHS teamed with the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , West Virginia University and ILC Dover , a private Delaware company , on the project . An early scaled-down plug , consisting of a single layer , was effective at preventing smoke or gas penetration . But when the team used a stronger , single-layer plug in a full-scale inflation test , the fabric failed , sending the team "  back to the drawing board , " Fortune said . The current plug consists of three layers , including a tough outer layer that consists of thick webbing made of Vectran , a liquid-crystal polymer fiber . The plugs must be fitted to individual tunnels . "  When you look at these things , you get the idea of a kid 's balloon , " Halter said . But "  they are not at all stretchable . They are specifically made to fit a tunnel of a specific dimension . They are tailor made . Their ability to expand or contract is less than 1 % . " Victims fall to Mother Nature 's wrath The plugs can be inflated in about three minutes . But once inflated , they are pressurized with either air or water . The existing test plug is roughly 32 feet by 16 feet and holds 35,000 gallons of water . ILC Dover , which also manufactures spacesuits for NASA , believes the product is ready for the marketplace . "  I 'd say the technology is ready for implementation now , " Cadogan said . "  What we 're doing now is in essence confidence testing , multiple deployments , just making sure . " If New York had had plugs , "  I think they could have stopped a fair amount of incursion of water in the transit system , " he said . Team members say the plugs are cheaper than the leading alternative -- floodgates . The prototype plug cost about $ 400,000 , and costs could go down if the plugs are manufactured in quantities . "  This would be a cheap solution , " said Barbero , the West Virginia professor . Transportation security officials initially were skeptical that a fabric device would hold back floodwaters , said DHS project manager Fortune . But that skepticism is fading , he said . Developers said this week 's disaster in New York will likely increase interest in the Resilient Tunnel Project . Experts warn of superstorm era to come "  While we do n't want to ride the back of a disaster , it 's certainly our hope that people will look at this technology , " Holter said . "  This may be the worst storm ever recorded in the last 100 years , but that 's no reason that we wo n't have another storm that will cause as much damage . " Should DHS have expedited development of the plug ? That 's a hard question to answer , said terrorism expert Brian Jenkins , director of the National Transportation Security Center at the Mineta Transportation Institute in San Jose , California . While officials can envision a wild spectrum of vulnerabilities , they have finite resources to address them , he said . "  There are lots of solutions that become obvious following a disaster of some type , " Jenkins said . "  To a certain extent , security is almost always reactive , because it 's hard to justify the costs of deploying technology for things that have not occurred . And once they do occur , it 's almost impossible to resist spending the money on the technology to prevent a reoccurrence . "  That 's the axiom . It 's a sad one , but that 's the reality . " How you can help	Developers say inflatable plugs might have saved some subway tunnels from flooding They are under development as a tool to protect tunnels in a terrorist attack Manufacturer : "  We 've proved that these plugs can hold back water " Homeland Security : Plug has promise but not ready for use yet
Food banks across the country kicked into high gear for the holiday season this week in an effort to feed America 's hungry . But a few instead homed in on an often overlooked casualty of hard times -- the family pet . "  It 's the forgotten pets that go by the wayside , " said Ann King , founder of an Atlanta-based nonprofit group called Save Our Pets Food Bank . Appalled by tales of pet owners compelled to hand over their cats and dogs to shelters , King formed her organization in 2008 in an effort to provide cash-strapped owners a way to keep their canine and feline friends . Each year , between 3 million and 4 million cats and dogs in shelters are euthanized , according to The Humane Society of the United States , a Washington-based animal advocacy group . "  I 've had people say to me , ` I 'm down to my last half bag  of pet food  and I do n't know what to do , ' " King said . "  People sometimes just cry because they need help . " But King , also the pet food bank 's executive director , said that unlike traditional food banks , her group does n't typically benefit from a resource boost around the holidays . "  Most people do n't think to give to us and funding is a big problem , " she said . "  A lot of the homeless shelters also do n't allow pets . So a lot people often just drive up to the local animal control centers and push their dogs out , " unable to feed them , she added . Some people , out of work or under-employed , are forced to live in their cars but still refuse to say goodbye to their animal companions , she noted . "  They do n't want to turn their pets over to shelters , because many of the shelters are full and  their pets  will be put to sleep , " King said . "  People do n't realize that pets , they 're family too . " One such family member is a 12-year-old German shepherd named Giorgio -- a favorite of Nadine Turner 's late husband , who died of prostate cancer more than a decade ago . "  He loved that dog , " said Turner , 57 , who became homeless earlier this year after moving to Atlanta in search of work . "  He 's the last link that I have to my husband . "  Whatever I do , I have to do my best to keep him alive . " Turner , a former business owner and insurance broker from Oakland , California , said she lost her business in 2009 . Bunking with friends , she was ultimately forced to camp out on a park bench with her dog near a Kroger food market in downtown Atlanta . "  No shelter would take me and that dog , " she said . She eventually turned to King 's organization , which paid a week 's motel bills , plus Giorgio 's food and medicine . "  I now have a job lined up with another Insurance company , " as well a prospective apartment for rent , noted Turner . But she still must find a way to pay a $ 350 deposit . "  If I ca n't , me and Giorgio will be back in front of that Kroger 's . " Turner 's story is not unusual , noted King , whose group currently works with about 500 other food banks nationwide . She also partners with corporations such Del Monte and Mars , as well as the Halo Pet Foundation , headed by comedian and talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres . Since 2008 , King 's organization has swelled to more than 30 volunteers . And through corporate and private donors , it 's shelled out more than a million pounds of pet food , trucking and mailing the donations to thousands of down-on-their-luck families . Nationwide networks , such as Rescue Bank -- with which King is affiliated -- have helped to connect the efforts of like-minded organizations . "  Rescue Bank is doing for pets what the food bank network has successfully done for people in this country for more than 40 years , " said Debra Fair , vice president at Mars Petcare US . "  This partnership is the perfect way to give much-needed support to the shelter and rescue communities and change the lives of homeless pets everywhere . "	Ann King is the founder of an Atlanta-based nonprofit group called Save Our Pets Food Bank The group provides pet food and medicine to pet owners , who are unable to afford for it "  No shelter would take me and that dog , " says 57-year-old Nadine Turner Each year , between 3 million and 4 million cats and dogs in shelters are euthanized
CNN  -- Winning the Tour de France may be one of sport 's toughest challenges but last year 's winner Chris Froome believes the current generation of cyclists have an equally arduous task ahead of them . Through an accident of timing , the Briton says today 's best racers are constantly having to prove to the world that they are riding clean . This is because they are unfortunate enough to follow an era where some of the biggest names in sport repeatedly shattered the illusions of cycling fans by failing doping tests . "  It 's a challenge for the new generation of cyclists to be able to show people that the sport really has turned around -- and that doping is not something that 's done any more , " he told CNN World Sport . "  The pressure falls on us now . It 's our burden but it does fall on us to tell people that the sport is no longer how it used to be . " The state of affairs is such that a virtuoso Froome display on the Mont Ventoux stage of the 2013 Tour did not receive wholehearted sporting acclaim but was forensically examined for evidence of cheating instead . The whispering and rumors were only silenced when Froome 's Team Sky allowed French newspaper L'Equipe to study data from 18 of the Briton 's previous climbs . "  I 'm glad I was able to take on the questions , " Froome told CNN at the time , shortly after a sports science expert found the data to be consistent with doping-free riding . "  I know what I 've done to get here and I 've nothing to hide . " Nonetheless , some riders still do fall prey to the temptations of yesteryear -- as proven when Italy 's Danilo Di Luca was banned from the sport for life in December after being found guilty of a third doping offense . Two months ago , the president of the International Cycling Union  UCI  -- Brian Cookson -- created the Cycling Independent Reform Commission  CIRC  with the intention of investigating both historic doping in cycling and allegations that the UCI had been involved in previous wrongdoing . The world governing body came under intense pressure last year after failing to detect the behavior of American Lance Armstrong , who famously won seven Tour de France races only to reveal that he had been doping throughout in an interview in January 2013 . "  We can all agree that the Armstrong affair has done immense damage to our sport , " Cookson , who ousted controversial leader Pat McQuaid last September , told CNN in February . "  Armstrong wants to be first through the door when the Commission is up and running , and I urge him and anyone else to participate . " With the case set to turn up the sport 's unwanted past once again , the Kenyan-born Froome is realistic that the issue is one he will have to address time and again . "  It is going to be a question that is going to be asked for the foreseeable future , just because it has been such a big part of cycling and the results in cycling over the past decade , " he said . "  Naturally , it 's a question that we are going to have to face . " Tour of Omen ? On a personal level , the other topic that will repeatedly come his way is whether he can retain the title he won so convincingly last year . Last month , he won the Tour of Oman -- which may prove an omen for some since Froome also won it in 2013 . However , the rider himself is just delighted that he is in good shape to scale the many mountains -- both real and metaphorical -- heading his way . "  I 'm in a very similar kind of condition to what I was last year just after the winter , " the 28-year-old said . "  Oman is always a really good test to see how the winter training has been and how things have gone through the winter . So to come away with the title again is fantastic , a really good way to start the season . "	Chris Froome says current generation have to prove that cycling is now a clean sport Briton describes the challenge as "  our burden " 2013 Tour de France winner believes questions will continue for the "  foreseeable future "
CNN  Chelsea regained their lead at the top of the English Premier League Saturday with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Newcastle United . Coupled with Manchester City 's failure to win at Everton , the result means Jose Mourinho 's side are now two points clear in first position having been tied level with City at the beginning of the day . Yet although the London club were ultimately triumphant , they did n't have it all their own way at Stamford Bridge . Newcastle had the best of the first half chances , with Remy Cabella being denied by a fine Petr Cech save and Moussa Sissoko striking a post for the visitors . But it was Chelsea who went into the break 1-0 up thanks to Oscar 's strike 43rd minute strike . Quick thinking by Willian picked out Branislav Ivanovic at a corner and the Serbian passed on to Oscar to open the scoring . The Brazilian then turned provider on the hour mark , setting up Diego Costa as the Blues took command of the game . It was a control Chelsea would not relinquish against one of only two sides to beat them season . Costa , Eden Hazard and Loic Remy all went close to adding to the margin of victory before referee Roger East called time . "  In the first half ,  Newcastle  had some moments when they caused us some problems , " Chelsea assistant boss Steve Holland told Sky Sports after the match . "  But a much improved performance in the second half  meant  we were good value for the 2-0 win . " If Chelsea were eventually comfortable , City were frustrated at Goodison Park -- a venue they have seldom enjoyed visiting in recent years . Star strikers Sergio Aguero and Edin Dzeko returned to the City squad after injury , however , it was Montenegro international Stevan Jovetic who started up front for the Sky Blues . With the game finely balanced at 0-0 , Argentine international Aguero replaced Jovetic just after the hour mark -- and City were soon in the lead . Brazilian midfielder Fernandinho latched on to David Silva 's shot-cum-cross to push the ball beyond Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles . But Manuel Pellegrini 's men were n't celebrating for long as Scotland striker Steven Naismith leveled for the home side just three minutes later . City brought on Frank Lampard for the remainder of the match but were unable to find the killer goal that would have kept them level with Chelsea . "  We missed chances in the first half and we did n't make the goalkeeper work which is a bit frustrating , " said Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart to Sky Sports after the match . "  But  it 's a difficult place historically for us to come ... we 're going to take the point and move on . " Premier League roundup Elsewhere in the Premier League Saturday , there was victory for Tony Pulis in his first official game in charge of West Bromwich Albion . The Baggies defeated Hull City 1-0 thanks to a second half strike from 21-year-old England striker Saido Berahino . Aston Villa 's struggles in front of goal continued in the Midlands derby with Leicester City . Paul Konchesky scored the only goal of the game to give bottom of the table Leicester the win . Andy Carroll gave West Ham an early lead away to Swansea City , however , a second half equalizer from Bafetimbi Gomis ensured the game ended 1-1 . Meanwhile , Burnley continued their fine run of form by defeating Queens Park Rangers 2-1 at Turf Moor thanks to first half goals from Scott Arfield and Danny Ings . In the day 's early game , a solitary goal from Lazar Markovic was enough to give Champions League chasing Liverpool a welcome three points at 10-man Sunderland . The 20-year-old Serb 's early strike was his first league goal for Liverpool since moving from Benfica last year .	Chelsea go clear at top of EPL after 2-0 victory over Newcastle United Title rivals Manchester City held 1-1 away at Everton Liverpool , Burnley , Leicester and West Brom all win
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- World War II did n't just divide the world . It also divided four brothers . Ken  left  and Harry Akune served in the U.S. military during World War II . Not long after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , Harry and Ken Akune were sent to live in an internment camp in Amache , Colorado . When the U.S. Army 's Military Intelligence Service came to their camp to recruit Japanese-speaking volunteers as interpreters , they joined so they could prove their loyalty to their country . Across the world in Japan , their father Ichiro was raising the rest of his large family -- which had returned to his home country after the death of his wife -- in a fishing village , Kagoshima , on the island of Kyushu . The youngest brothers , Saburo and Shiro , were just teenagers when they were drafted into the Imperial Japanese Navy . The brothers , four of the Akunes ' nine children , had all been born or raised in the United States ; Ichiro Akune owned a grocery business before moving back to Japan . Harry and Ken had been sent back to America to work and earn money for the family . Watch how brother fought brother during the war " Harry and Ken graduated from language school in 1942 and were dispatched to the Pacific Theater . Ken served in Burma at the Office of War Information . His job was trying to create propaganda to persuade the Japanese to surrender rather than sacrifice their lives on the battlefield . Harry served in New Guinea and the Philippines . His ethnicity did n't endear him to some of his colleagues . "  I had an intelligence officer who disliked me , " Harry recalled . Before a parachute jump onto the island of Corregidor with the 503rd Paratroopers late in the war , the officer stripped Harry of all of his gear , including his weapon . "  I got onto the airplane with only my parachute . A soldier took pity on me and helped find a rifle and one clip , " he said . He survived , but many of his fellow soldiers did not . Twenty percent of them lost their lives just on the jump because of the jagged terrain and enemy fire . iReport.com : What did you do in the war ? His work was heroic . Harry 's interrogation of prisoners and translation of captured documents revealed a Japanese occupation force of over 5,000 , which vastly outnumbered the American forces . "  My information helped reduce casualties , " he said . Most of the Japanese soldiers chose death over what they perceived as dishonor . Harry says only 22 were captured , with the rest dying in combat or suicide attacks -- and they often were n't satisfied with dying alone . At one point , with Harry 's back turned , a prisoner jumped him and tried to kill him . Harry recalls the incident vividly . "  My guard beat him with his gun . It seemed like this prisoner was clinging to me for dear life , " he said . "  That feeling I have never lost . Even though he was the enemy , to see him die the way he did , affected me . " The Japan-based Akune brothers saw death from the other perspective , as part of the war effort . Saburo became a spotter for kamikazes , known for their suicide dive-bomb missions on Allied ships . Shiro , just 15 , served at Sasebo , a naval base , helping to orient new recruits . He remembers American Grumman torpedo planes flying into the harbor . "  Bap , bap , bap ... ships going down ... we just watching ! We can not do anything ! " he remembered . After the war , the Akune brothers discovered they served against each other , leading to ill feelings on both sides . Harry and Ken , now in Japan as members of the Allied Prisoner of War Recovery Team , joined Saburo and Shiro at a family reunion in Kagoshima . "  When we first met , the topic of the war came up . Both sides were saying their side was right , " Ken said . "  Saburo and Shiro got really hot and stood up , they wanted to fight us . " "  The propaganda situation in Japan was very extreme , " Shiro said . "  The elders told you what you should do is revere the emperor like a god , and if you did n't abide by it , you were physically harmed . " It took the intercession of their father to stop the familial battle . "  Shut up , " the elder Akune said . "  The war is over . " All four brothers ended up in the United States , with Shiro -- ironically -- serving as an American GI in Korea . Saburo died several years ago , but Shiro , Harry and Ken continue to live in Southern California . Ken still volunteers full time with the "  Go For Broke " National Education Center , which preserves the memory of Japanese-American soldiers who served the United States in World War II . Harry says his military service helped him identify as an American . "  The benefit of going to war for the United States helped me manage myself not as a Japanese-American , but more like an American . I feel very happy I was able to do that , " he said . But he holds nothing against the two brothers who fought for the other side . "  They were in Japan , educated there . It 's only right to be loyal to the Japanese force , " he said . "  I feel like they were like any other Japanese and we were like any other American . Two sides had their ideas , and there was a clash , " he said . "  Everything worked out . All four of us were able to survive without having to be casualties of the war . "	Two Akune brothers fought for U.S. , two for Japan in World War II U.S. brothers had been in internment camp ; served as interpreters Japanese brothers drafted as teens ; one was spotter for kamikaze pilots Brothers reunited after end of war ; all ended up living in U.S.
CNN  -- Frank Lautenberg grew up in Paterson , New Jersey -- a tough mill town . Served in World War II , where he scampered up improvised rickety poles to string wire to keep the lines of communication open . Went to Columbia on the GI Bill , then made a fortune as co-founder of ADP . He was among the first to see how computers could revolutionize business , and he put the new technology to work processing paychecks . He made millions in business , but never abandoned his liberal roots . His generous support for progressive causes earned him a spot on Nixon 's infamous Enemies List . In 1982 he defeated Millicent Fenwick -- the pipe-smoking , progressive Republican who was the inspiration for the Doonesbury character Lacey Davenport -- and became a senator . In 1988 I served as Frank 's press secretary . Few bosses were tougher . He was running for re-election against golden boy Pete Dawkins -- Heisman Trophy winner at West Point , Rhodes scholar , Vietnam vet , Army general , millionaire banker -- a man so handsome , he was a model in ads for men 's shirts . Frank was not as glib as Dawkins , so I told the press , "  Frank may not be a great communicator , but he 's a great legislator . " That did not go over well . "  I am paying you to say good things about me , " he thundered . "  I can get people to criticize me for free ! " Lautenberg : The last ` swamp dog ' Frank was so cantankerous , so combative , that he often called his 1988 campaign manager , the great James Carville , "  the second opponent . " But he rose to the occasion , besting Dawkins in a debate and embracing the nickname Dawkins used to dismiss him : "  swamp dog . " From that day to the last time I saw him , I would always ask Frank how the old swamp dog was doing . He never lost his bite . As a senator , Lautenberg leaves an impressive legacy . The Lautenberg Amendment helped free Soviet Jews and is still used by oppressed people seeking freedom in America . If you enjoy flying smoke-free , you can thank Frank . Firefighters who now have a right to know the chemicals they face in a fire can thank Frank . Millions who ride Amtrak or use mass transit can thank Frank . If you believe working people deserve a higher minimum wage , you can thank Frank . All of us who support the U.S.-Israel relationship can thank Frank . His brother and sister veterans have lost a friend , and those who support gun safety legislation have lost a powerful ally . Me ? I have lost an example of toughness and tenacity . In an age of blow-dried , prefab , Ken-doll politicians , Frank was the real deal : a hard-bitten , gut-punching , proudly liberal swamp dog . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : Frank Lautenberg , who died this week , grew up in tough town , found success He says Lautenberg 's legendary toughness helped him win competitive elections He says his Senate legacy includes amendment that helped free Soviet Jews Begala : If you like Amtrak , no smoking on planes , higher minimum wage , thank Frank
CNN  -- The forthcoming trial in Germany of John Demjanjuk could be the last occasion on which a Nazi war crimes suspect faces prosecution . German officials claim John Demjanjuk was an accessory to 29,000 murders in a Nazi death camp . But the legacy of decades-old efforts to bring the perpetrators of World War II atrocities to justice means that those who commit similar offences in the 21st century will not be able to hide from their past so easily , according to a leading war crimes prosecutor . Many leading Nazis such as Hermann Goering , Rudolf Hess and Albert Speer were prosecuted by the main allies -- the U.S. , the Soviet Union and the UK -- shortly after the end of the war at the Nuremberg Trials . South African judge Richard Goldstone , formerly the chief U.N. prosecutor for war crimes in Yugoslavia and Rwanda , told CNN that Nuremberg had been the "  first attempt of any importance to hold war criminals accountable " and had laid the foundations for the development of modern humanitarian law . Yet many lower-ranking servants of the Nazi regime and its allies were able to escape punishment for their crimes , assuming new identities , fleeing Europe or even finding employment with Soviet or western security agencies as determination to bring them to justice waned with the advent of the Cold War , according to Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center . "  These murderers walked into small cities and killed men , women and children and walked away without a trace , " Hier told CNN . "  The sad thing is that had the world wanted to prosecute Nazi war criminals after Nuremberg , and had  countries  put up the budget and the resources then every one of these elusive criminals would have been brought to justice . " But Goldstone said that the creation in 2002 of the International Criminal Court marked a "  very important step forward " to ensure that future atrocities would not be so quickly forgotten . While previous tribunals investigating crimes in Rwanda and Yugoslavia were ad hoc creations set up by the U.N. Security Council , the ICC is a permanent institution with a specific remit to investigate and prosecute cases of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . Goldstone said that developments in humanitarian law and the evolution of international justice meant that modern institutions were more sophisticated and fairer than Nuremberg had been , recognizing the rights of victims to representation but also ensuring a fair trial for defendants . "  Modern international law requires trials that are a lot fairer than the trials that were put on at Nuremberg , " he said . The jurisdiction of the ICC is currently recognized by 108 countries -- though not by the U.S. , Russia or China . But Goldstone said the court was "  moving quickly " towards universal ratification and said U.S. President Barack Obama 's new administration was likely to be more cooperative and friendlier to the ICC than predecessor George W. Bush had been in office . "  I 'd love to see the day when there is universal ratification because when that happens there will be nowhere for war criminals to run to , " he said . Demjanjuk , an 89-year-old native Ukrainian deported from the U.S. this week , is alleged to have been a guard at the Sobibor death camp in Nazi-occupied Poland and is accused of being an accessory to the murder of more than 29,000 people . Hier said Demjanjuk 's extradition marked the culmination of greater efforts in the U.S. since the late 1970s to send suspected war criminals to face trial . An Office of Special Investigations was established in 1979 to hunt for war criminals on U.S. soil , while legislation allowed even suspects who had acquired U.S. citizenship to be extradited for lying on their naturalization papers about their Nazi pasts . But he said Demjanjuk 's trial could be the last of its kind -- and not just because of the age of suspected war criminals still at large . "  You ca n't just have a trial with documents . You have to have living witnesses , " Hier said . "  Most of those witnesses are very old , most of them are well into their 80s and beyond and they have to be in sufficient good health that they can be questioned and travel to take part in the trial . " But Hier said it was very important that former Nazis were pursued to the grave , living out their final years with the fear that their past crimes could still catch up with them . "  Nazi hunter  Simon Wiesenthal talked about two kinds of justice . There is the justice of handcuffs and putting someone on trial . But there is also a psychological fear of a knock on the door , " he said . "  Every Nazi war criminal should live every night of his life with the possibility that in his case there will yet be a knock on the door . "	Expert : Trial of Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk could be last of its kind Leading Nazis prosecuted at Nuremberg but many lesser Nazis escaped justice Struggle to prosecute Nazis influenced creation of International Criminal Court ICC has remit to probe war crimes , genocide , crimes against humanity
CNN  -- Leaders of the burgeoning Tea Party movement say their projected midterm election victories should send a strong message : watch out in 2012 . "  The Republicans need to know , we 've done it in 2010 . If they do n't do the right thing in the next couple of years , it 's not a problem . We 'll come back in 2012 . We 'll do it all over again . We 'll replace them with people that will uphold -LSB- our -RSB- principles , " said Mark Meckler , co-founder of Tea Party Patriots -- one of the movement 's largest groups . Tuesday 's elections were seen as a crucial moment for measuring the staying power of the Tea Party movement , which was born out of frustration with the political establishment and steeped in economic anxiety . "  I do n't think there 's any question that if it were not for the Tea Party , the Republican margin in the House of Representatives would not be as high as it 's going to be , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said Tuesday night . "  They gave a lot of enthusiasm and fuel to the Republican Party . " After CNN projected that two Tea Party-backed Republican candidates would win their Senate races -- Rand Paul in Kentucky and Marco Rubio in Florida -- Meckler said the movement would keep holding Republicans accountable . "  Frankly , the Republicans blew it over a very long period of time . The largest deficit ever run up in history , before the current administration , was run up by George Bush , " he said . "  Our job is to reverse that course and not allow any party to ever do that again . " With growing momentum after months of nationwide street protests and bus tours , Tea Party activists hoped to change the makeup of Congress and the way lawmakers were elected . At least one of their goals seemed to be likely early Wednesday , with CNN projections indicating that Republicans held 239 House seats to the Democrats ' 183 -- well over the 218 seats needed for a majority . And in a tight battle and a significant win for Tea Party supporters , Republican candidate Pat Toomey defeated Democratic Rep. Joe Sestak to win the Pennsylvania Senate seat , CNN projects . But even though candidates endorsed by Tea Party activists made several key gains , the movement also suffered significant losses in high-profile contests . Far-right ideology from Tea Party candidates likely cost them Senate seats in Delaware and Nevada , according to John Avlon , a CNN contributor and senior political columnist for The Daily Beast . "  That could make all the difference in control of the Senate , so there should be some self-analysis about whether or not some of these more extreme candidates who won these partisan primaries represented their Republican Party best , " he said . The grassroots nature of the Tea Party movement makes it difficult to define how many candidates on the ballot Tuesday were affiliated with it . There is no official entity that determines who is a Tea Party candidate . Before polls opened Tuesday , CNN analyzed races across the country to identify candidates who were Tea Party activists or whose campaigns were helped significantly by the Tea Party movement . From the list of the CNN 100 -- the top 100 House races in the country -- 21 candidates were closely connected with the movement 's activists and ideology . At least 10 of them won , according to CNN projections . Nine Senate candidates and four gubernatorial candidates also had strong ties to the Tea Party . Of those candidates , at least five Senate race winners were backed by Tea Party activists . And the winner of South Carolina 's governor race , Nikki Haley , received Tea Party support and an endorsement from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . In addition , various national and local Tea Party organizations endorsed more than 100 candidates in races across the country . The rise of the conservative Tea Party movement added a new element to this year 's election cycle , roiling Republican races by boosting little-known and inexperienced candidates to victory over mainstream figures in GOP primaries across the country . But not all of them emerged victorious Tuesday . According to CNN projections , Tea Party-backed New York gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino lost to Democrat and former state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada avoided what many predicted would be a fatal blow to Democrats , beating out Tea Party activist Sharron Angle . And in Delaware , Democrat Chris Coons defeated Tea Party-backed Republican nominee Christine O'Donnell , CNN projects . Still , the losing Tea Party candidates appeared to be in high spirits as they addressed supporters after results came in . "  We were victorious , because the Delaware political system will never be the same . That 's a great thing . The Republican Party will never be the same , " O'Donnell said . Angle thanked supporters for fighting for their principles . "  I want you to see that I 'm still smiling . And it 's because I still believe in American exceptionalism , " she said . No matter how many of the so-called Tea Party candidates won , the impact of the movement is expected to shift the Republican agenda to the right . Paul , on the heels of his victory , has already called for creating a Senate Tea Party caucus . Of those surveyed in CNN exit polls , 23 percent said one reason for their vote Tuesday was to send a message in favor of the Tea Party , 18 percent said they cast their ballots against the Tea Party and 56 percent of respondents said the Tea Party was not a factor in their decision . Independents surveyed were split , with 24 percent saying they were neutral toward the Tea Party , and 28 percent saying they opposed the Tea Party in this election . Exit poll results indicated a stronger showing for the Tea Party among older voters , with 47 percent of those 60 and older saying they support the Tea Party and only 26 percent of voters ages 18 to 29 saying they support the movement . But South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint said the success of the Tea Party is rooted in the fact that its members ca n't be easily counted . "  One mistake we 're making in this election is to suggest that it 's all about the official Tea Party movement , " he told CNN Tuesday . "  For everyone who goes out to a rally , there are often hundreds , even thousands of people who feel the same way , who do n't consider themselves a part of the Tea Party movement . I think there is an awakening going on in our country . There 's a beginning of a process . It 's not finalized tonight . " CNN 's John Helton and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : At least five projected Republican Senate winners are backed by the Tea Party "  We 'll come back in 2012 . We 'll do it all over again , " a movement leader says A political analyst says Tea Party activists helped Republicans win more House seats The midterm elections results are a key tool for measuring the staying power of the Tea Party
Golan Heights  CNN  -- Israeli troops fired on protesters trying to cross the fortified border between Syria and the occupied Golan Heights on Sunday , with Syrian authorities reporting more than a dozen dead and hundreds wounded . The protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 Middle East War , when Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria . The Israel Defense Forces did not immediately confirm any casualties , though a spokeswoman said that Israeli troops used tear gas and live ammunition on members of an "  angered mob . " "  We warned them verbally  and  with warning shots into the air , " Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich told CNN . "  And when these two options failed , we had to open fire selectively into the area , and this actually stopped those Syrians from reaching the Israeli-Syrian fence . " The Syrian state news agency said 23 people were killed and more than 350 wounded in the protests , which continued past nightfall . Medics could be seen carrying the wounded to vehicles and driving them away from the border . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned the violence and urged restraint . "  The events of today and of 15 May on the Golan put the long-held cease-fire in jeopardy . The Secretary-General calls for maximum restraint on all sides and strict observance of international humanitarian law to ensure protection of civilians , " he said . As many as 500 people took part in the demonstration , holding mid-day prayers on the Syrian side of the border , then crouching down behind ramparts that Israel constructed in response to similar demonstrations three weeks ago . The number later dropped to about 50 , with protesters waving Palestinian and Syrian flags . Clashes also broke out between Palestinians and Israelis at the Qalandia crossing between Jerusalem and Ramallah in the West Bank on Sunday . At least six Palestinians were injured there , one seriously , by rubber bullets . Israeli forces also fired tear gas , while Palestinians threw stones . The clashes come three weeks after similar demonstrations marking the 1948 birth of the Jewish state -- a day of mourning for Palestinians , more than 700,000 of whom were displaced from their homes during the fighting that followed . Those protests left at least 12 dead . Leibovich accused Syria of trying to use the protests to create a diversion "  from the bloodshed that is taking place inside Syria , " where the United Nations says a crackdown against anti-government protests has left more than 1,000 dead . "  There is no question about it , " she said . "  The policemen , the armed Syrian forces are looking back and not doing anything . " Demonstrators arrived in at least eight buses before the protest began , then came down from a hill known locally as "  Shouting Hill " -- where people shout to family and friends on the other side of the border -- toward the ramparts Israeli forces constructed last month . Leibovich said Israeli troops were better prepared to deal with the demonstrations than with the May 15 protests , beefing up forces along the frontier and making clear "  that we would not tolerate any infiltration into the Israeli side . " CNN 's Mike Schwartz , Kevin Flower and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	A U.N. spokesman condemns the violence and calls for restraint Syria says 23 people were killed and 350-plus wounded Israel says it faced an "  angered mob " across the Syrian border At least six Palestinians were injured in a separate protest in the West Bank
TEL AVIV , Israel  CNN  -- In Tel Aviv 's wholesale fashion headquarters , where textile merchants follow in the legacy of fathers and grandfathers , many Israelis are looking for the latest in tech fashion : the iPhone . Mobile phone store Z-Tov Ltd. in Tel Aviv carries iPhones among other cell phones and products . It 's at Z-Tov Ltd. that consumers shop for the latest models of Samsung , Philips and Motorola . The local mobile phone chain even carries the 8GB and 16GB models of the highly coveted iPhone . One customer asks the clerk whether the store sells the 16GB iPhone . But when he hears the price , the customer walks off in disappointment . Z-Tov sells the 8GB iPhone for about 2,600 NIS , or about U.S. $ 753 . The current market price in the United States is $ 399 . The store clerk says the store pays a 50 percent tax to import iPhones from outside the country . But the price does n't hinder iPhone 's popularity here , appealing mostly to young men quick to upgrade their 8GB to a 16GB model as if memory size is a barometer of male bravado . Apple has yet to make its presence official in Israel . The company has limited its iPhone products to four markets : the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany and France . Still , as in other parts of the world , the iPhone has strong reception along Mediterranean shores . The coveted phones make their way through customs in both official and unofficial passages ; consumers buy them abroad for friends and acquaintances to resell on the gray market . But before the phone can work on a local network , it must be unlocked or "  jailbroken , " tech lingo for reprogramming the iPhone to work on network carriers not affiliated with Apple . Apple maintains strategic deals with several hand-picked wireless carriers ; namely AT&T in the United States . In order to protect these alliances , Apple issues this disclaimer to customers planning to reprogram the iPhone : Unlock at your own risk . The standard one-year warranty on jailbroken iPhones is null and void . At Z-Tov , unlocking the iPhone is big business , and Arik Steinman 's services are in high demand . For 100 NIS  about U.S. $ 30  , Steinman , a Russian immigrant , will unlock an iPhone in about 20 minutes , replacing the factory-provided SIM card with the customer 's SIM of choice . For an extra 50 NIS  about U.S. $ 15  , he 'll change the language program to Hebrew . Steinman , who maintains a growing collection of unused AT&T SIM cards , said he unlocks an average of 30 to 40 iPhones a week . Steinman has no formal technical background ; he said he learned the technique through various sources . "  In the beginning , it was n't simple ; now it is simple , " he said with a smirk . Last year , as many as 1 million iPhones may have been unlocked and activated by carriers not paying Apple a kickback , according to industry experts . Anosh Ishak , a businessman and developer based in Atlanta , Georgia , said his iPhone is a "  valuable business tool " that he uses on international trips , notably to Israel , where he 'll pop out his U.S. SIM and replace it with one that will run on a local network . Ishak said he paid $ 20 to a friend of a friend to unlock his phone so he can stay with his current phone carrier , T-Mobile . When he purchased the iPhone from an Apple retail store in Atlanta , he made it clear he was n't planning to sign on with AT&T . "  They told me that they would n't sell me the phone if they knew I was going to unlock it , " Ishak said . Determined , Ishak told the salesperson that he had the right to buy the merchandise and that the store could not control it . How did the Apple salesperson respond ? "  To tell me he 'll pretend like he did n't hear it , " said Ishak . Apple representatives declined to comment on the unlocking phenomenon and iPhones making their way overseas , referring CNN to a Wired article that quoted Apple Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook speaking at the Goldman Sachs Technology Symposium in February . Cook described the unlocked iPhones floating around the world as "  a good problem to have , " according to Wired , preferring to focus on Apple 's 10 million quota -- even if it means doing away with its carrier exclusivity . "  The demand for the iPhone is so intense in the markets where we are n't offering it that people are exporting it out of the U.S. in many different ways and then running it on local carriers , " Cook said . "  Of all the problems we face , this is the one I face looking at with a little bit of a smile . Because it means there 's great demand for the phone . And to have people stepping over each other to have the phone is n't a bad thing , " Cook said .	Z-Tov sells the 8GB iPhone for about 2,000 NIS , or about U.S. $ 790 Apple has yet to make its presence official in Israel In Israel , selling and unlocking the coveted iPhone is big business Apple COO Tim Cook : Unlocked iPhones "  a good problem to have "
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Three people were shot amid celebrations surrounding the New Orleans Saints ' Super Bowl win , police said Monday . The shootings occurred at about midnight , at the intersection of Iberville and Bourbon streets , in the Crescent City 's French Quarter , authorities said in a statement . None of the victims -- a 25-year-old man , a 30-year-old woman and a 36-year-old woman -- had life-threatening injuries , New Orleans , Louisiana , police said . The 25-year-old was shot in his right ankle and both women were shot in their left shin . All three were treated and released in good condition . "  According to investigators , the victims stated that they were standing with a crowd when they heard gunshots and observed that they had been struck , " the police statement said . Several officers were in the area and responded quickly to the call of shots fired , according to the statement . CNN affiliate WWL-TV of New Orleans reported Monday that two people had been detained in connection with the incident . In the police statement , issued Monday , authorities asked those with information to contact them .	One man , two women were shot around midnight in French Quarter None of the victims had life-threatening injuries CNN affiliate WWL-TV reports two people detained in connection with shooting
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Chemical attacks with chlorine gas . Barrel bombs dropped from regime helicopters . Syrians starved into submission in opposition-controlled areas . The alleged assaults by the Syrian government against its own people are atrocious . But in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , the country 's deputy foreign minister says such claims are rubbish . "  I assure you 100 % that chlorine gas has never been used by the government , " Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad said . His assertion came shortly after Human Rights Watch said it had strong evidence that showed regime forces carried out a chlorine gas attack in the rebel-held village of Kfar Zeita . According to the rights group , 11 people were killed and 500 were injured in three towns following the gas attack . But Mekdad acknowledged that the government is not fighting lightly against opposition forces . "  My friend , we shall not attack them with flowers , because they are not attacking us with flowers , " he said . "  They are attacking with most sophisticated weapons , given to them by the United States , given to them by Europe , given to them by Turkey , given to them by the Saudis and others . " Last September , a U.S. official said CIA-funded weapons have started flowing to Syrian rebels . A rebel leader told CNN at the time that he "  ca n't talk about weapons , " though he did stress that opposition forces were getting help . "  We are getting now a lot of support from our American friends , but I ca n't talk in detail about all kinds of the support , " he said . Sanctions from United States On Wednesday , the United States announced sanctions against two al Qaeda leaders operating in Syria . The U.S. Treasury Department took action against Abd Al-Rahman Muhammad Zafir Al-Dubaysi Al-Juhni and ` Abd Al-Rahman Mustafa Al-Qaduli . The pair were named as Specially Designated Global Terrorists , meaning any assets they may have under U.S. jurisdiction are frozen , and U.S. citizens are prohibited from doing business with them . According to the Treasury Department , Al-Juhni was one of a group of senior al Qaeda members who conducted operations against Western targets . Al-Qaduli is a senior official in the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , the department said . He is based in Syria for the terrorist network . Al-Qaeda is one of the groups of fighters who have entered the battlefield in Syria . Their alliance with some factions of the opposition has led to tensions and rifts between those fighting against the Syrian government . "  Our action today highlights al Qaeda 's and similar groups ' efforts to take advantage of the unrest in Syria and sends a strong warning to the legitimate Syrian opposition and those who wish to support it that they must reject the attempts of  terrorist groups  to elicit support for their cause by preying on the sympathies of the international community for the plight of the Syrian people , " Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen said in a statement . Claims of forced starvation Mekdad also vehemently denied claims that the regime has been cutting off food access to people in Homs , which has been an opposition stronghold during much of the country 's 3-year civil war . "  We are not starving anybody . We are trying to reach all those civilians under the control  of the rebels  . And on different occasions , many convoys carrying humanitarian aid have gone but were turned back by the terrorist groups , " Mekdad said . The Syrian regime has consistently referred to opposition fighters as "  terrorists . " "  If they are speaking about  the  starving of terrorism and terrorists , yes we have to do our best , and I think this is our right to do it , " Mekdad added . Syrians return to Homs to see what war left them Botched truce A truce began May 7 in Homs , and opposition fighters and their families there were evacuated to Addar al-Kabira , according to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . But government forces shelled Addar al-Kabira this week , according to the opposition . "  The regime 's shelling of the town of Addar al-Kabira north of Homs , to where rebels of Homs retreated in line with a deal organized by the U.N. , makes evident the falsity of the truces that the Assad regime seeks to promote , " Nasser al-Hariri , a member of the Syrian Coalition , said in a statement Tuesday . Originally , the opposition had agreed to allow aid into pro-government neighborhoods in Aleppo , both Shiite enclaves , in exchange for the safe passage of fighters out of Homs . Survival in a siege : leaves become food , faith becomes strength Election coming up Despite the ongoing war that has killed more than 100,000 people , Mekdad said the country is "  absolutely " fit to hold a presidential election on June 3 . When asked how Syrians in war-torn Aleppo would be able vote , the deputy foreign minister lambasted the United States and European countries . "  This double standard by certain ... European countries and the United States among others -- they do n't want anything to move in Syria . They do n't want legitimacy in Syria . They want the disintegration of this country , " Mekdad said . "  Or , in fact if we have to take into full consideration what they want : They do n't want Syria to exist , or they want to hand Syria over to terrorist groups . " The United Nations has asked the government to reconsider the election as the carnage continues to mount every day . But even if Syria proceeds with a presidential vote , the election might not yield any significant change . President Bashar al-Assad 's family has had a tight grip on power in Syria for the past 43 years . Al-Assad succeeded his father in 2000 and won a second term in 2007 , unopposed . Al-Assad is running again this year . Frederik Pleitgen reported from Damascus ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Barbara Starr also contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Treasury Department announces sanctions on two al Qaeda leaders Faisal al Mekdad says the regime has never used chlorine gas a weapon Human Rights Watch says it has evidence the regime launched a chemical attack Mekdad also denies that the government has starved people in Homs into submission
CNN  -- Steve Miller admits he has no idea why it took him 17 years to release a new studio album . He also admits he was in no rush to do so . "  We continued to sell records from our touring , and we were really in this sort of magical place where we did n't have to make records until I really wanted to , " said Miller , 66 , in an interview with CNN Radio . "  I 've recorded lots of projects , but just have n't bothered to release them . " "  BINGO ! " , however , is not remaining on the shelf . Steve Miller Band 's first new studio album since 1993 's "  Wide River " hits stores on June 15 , and sees Miller embracing the blues music he immersed himself in growing up in Dallas . "  BINGO ! " features his interpretations of tracks like B.B. King 's "  Rock Me Baby , " Jimmy Reed 's "  You Got Me Dizzy " and Jimmie Vaughan 's "  Hey Yeah " -- the album 's first single . "  This is my pop music . When I was a kid this is what I was listening to on my car radio -- Lowell Fulsom singing "  Tramp . " "  Tramp " is another one of the 10 songs on "  BINGO ! "  a special edition includes four bonus tracks and expanded artwork .  However , Miller cautions fans this is n't a traditional "  covers " album . "  I did n't just want to do a cover of somebody 's record , " said Miller . "  I wanted to get some material and make it my own , and these songs all lent themselves to that . " Miller recorded "  BINGO ! " at George Lucas ' Skywalker Ranch in California . In fact , he cut 42 tracks in all during the sessions there , some of which he says will end up on a second album that has no set release date at this point . Miller says "  BINGO ! " can also be considered a "  guitar player 's album . " "  Lots of lead guitar and cool guitar parts have been worked out . It just got better and better and better as we worked on it , " he said . Indeed , one of the guest artists on the album is renowned guitarist and 15-time Grammy nominee Joe Satriani , who trades solos with Miller on "  Rock Me Baby " and Vaughan 's "  Sweet Soul Vibe . " "  He just plays beautifully , " said Miller about his fellow guitarist . "  It blows your mind when you hear him . He is a monster guitarist -- a wonderful musician . " Miller says the feedback to "  BINGO ! " has been entertaining to say the least . "  When we first took the record around to play it for different record guys there were a bunch of young people who really did n't know these songs who said , ` Did Steve write all those . ? ' It sounds just like the Steve Miller Band ! " Reaction from fans has been gratifying as well , according to Miller . He is in the midst of what has become an annual summer tour of North America and has been giving audiences a sneak preview of the tracks on the new album , mixed in with hits like "  Fly Like an Eagle , " "  The Joker , " "  Rock 'n Me , " "  Take the Money and Run , " and "  Abracadabra . " "  The audiences nowadays are really hipper than they were in the mid '90s . When our last record was out we 'd say , ` OK , we 're gon na do a few new songs from our new album "  Wide River . " ' 5,000 people would get up and leave and go get a hot dog until they heard me start the opening riff of "  The Joker . " It was such a conservative audience , and now the audience is much more interested in the new music . " Miller thinks the reason behind this is the role the internet has played in the music industry . "  We now have the ability to hear so much more music , " he said . "  I find that a lot of kids today , their musical horizon is as broad as mine was when I was a kid . I was exposed to jazz and blues and gospel and country music and rock , and I was the only kid I knew who knew about that stuff . Now everybody does . " However , Miller says the meshing of the music world and digital world has been a curse along with a blessing , and he feels that it has hurt the industry and its audiences . "  We 're putting people out of work , " he said . "  It 's very frustrating to have someone like  Apple co-founder  Steve Jobs portrayed as this great genius . At the same time he 's a thief , he 's creating machines that steal things . Thirty years from now the people who created the computers we 're using will all be indicted for destroying everybody 's hearing and for stealing music and intellectual property . But at the same time , we 'll know more . It 's as damaging as it is enabling . " An Apple spokeswoman refused to comment on Miller 's remarks . Miller says he spent $ 700,000 in two years making "  BINGO ! " He predicts no one will follow that business model again because the popularity of downloads ensures musicians wo n't be able to make a profit off it . Miller says touring is ultimately the most foolproof way he has of making a living . "  I 'm OK , I have this huge live audience and you ca n't copy my show . If you want to see what it 's like to see human beings play this music right in front of you for real , you have to buy a ticket . That 's the only thing that we really have left that ca n't just be copied and spread over the place -- actual live performance , " he said . Miller grew up in a musical family . His mother , Bertha , was a singer and his father , Dr. George  Sonny  Miller , was an amateur tape recordist . A young Miller even learned some chords from his father 's friend , guitarist Les Paul . However , he says he realizes not everyone has a chance to get that kind of exposure to music at home . So he 's devoting part of his summer tour in support of "  BINGO ! " to raise money for a new music education initiative . The "  text to donate " campaign benefits the Kids Rock Free music education programs at the Fender Center in Corona , California . Miller helped start the programs 11 years ago , and says that during that time 12,000 young people have received free and low-cost music lessons . "  What I 'm trying to do is build these schools in everyone 's community , " said Miller . "  It costs about half what a Wendy 's restaurant would cost to build . If folks really want music in their community they can do it very cheaply . It does n't have to be a $ 50 million program . All we need is just a little real estate . " During his shows , Miller is encouraging people to donate by texting ROCK to 50555 . A one-time $ 10 donation is then added to mobile bills . The fruits of the Kids Rock Free program are also on display during Miller 's summer tour . Two of its students are joining the Steve Miller Band at a handful of shows to play guitar with the band for a bit . "  The guitars look huge on them and they play on a couple of tunes and just knock everybody out ! "	"  BINGO ! " features interpretations of B.B. King , Jimmie Vaughan tracks "  I wanted to get some material and make it my own , " Steve Miller says Album has "  lots of lead guitar and cool guitar parts " With growth of internet , audiences today "  are really hipper , " he says
CNN  -- Donny Moore watches at least part of every NFL game , every week , every year . After all , it 's part of his job . You may not have heard of him . But while Moore is watching the best football players in the world , they 're watching him , too . "  I get a lot of feedback from Twitter , " said Moore , the so-called ratings czar for "  Madden NFL , " the uber-popular video game franchise that rolled out its 25th annual edition on Tuesday . "  Guys like  Seahawks cornerback  Richard Sherman ,  Cowboys wide receiver  Dez Bryant -- these guys all follow me and make sure to give me feedback . "  They always want to know ahead of time : ` What have you got me at ? ' " That 's because it 's Moore 's job to come up with the numerical ratings -- from 1 to 100 -- that determine how skilled players , and by extension their teams , are at various facets of the game . It 's a unique challenge . Although there are shooter games that emulate real-world weapons and military units , only sports games require their creators to assess , and then re-create , real-life humans as virtual avatars . That 's bound to rankle some folks -- if not the NFL players themselves , then "  Madden " gamers who are often their most rabid fans . By most accounts , though , Moore and his team at EA Sports , publisher of the "  Madden " series , do a good job . "  EA is not just pulling numbers from a hat , " said T.J. Lauerman , host of That Sports Gamer Show . "  Gamers are uptight about their favorite team 's ratings because ... they see their team 's running back make one great spin move that completely fakes out a defender , and when they try it in a game , they fail . They look up the player attributes and realize he has a 64 Spin Move , then they get angry and tweet Donny Moore . " That 's all part of the job , says Moore . "  If you 're a Falcons fan who was mad some Falcons were underrated , we 're probably doing our job , " he said . "  Everybody ca n't be a 99 . " Moore has a lot of raw data to work with . In addition to on-field stats , there are 40-yard-dash times , scouting-combine scores for rookies , injury reports and the like . And a whole host of websites have sprung up to hyperanalyze performance , breaking down stats into super-specific categories , like "  downfield passing completion percentage . " But football is also a game of intangibles . Sometimes it takes watching a player accomplish things on the field that the raw data do n't show . Moore is thankful for Madden 's weekly online updates  a feature that earlier versions obviously did n't have  , which let him tweak player stats based on their performance throughout the season . He cites Alfred Morris , the lightly regarded sixth-round pick out of Florida Atlantic University who ended up tallying 1,613 yards and 13 touchdowns last year for the Washington Redskins . "  There was not a whole lot of buzz around him , really ; he ran a terribly slow time at the combo , " Moore said . "  Then , he started blowing up . " Morris started the season on "  Madden " with a 65 rating . By the end of the year , thanks to weekly updates , he 'd risen to an 89 . "  We were wrong about him to begin with , but the whole league was , " he said . "  Redskins head coach  Mike Shanahan was probably surprised . Pleasantly surprised . " After actually watching on-field performance , Moore said , his best tool for adjusting player ratings may be those same fans who argue with him online . He adopted a stock response to fans who thought a player on their favorite team should have his numbers moved up . He says " ` OK , give me five up and five down , ' " he said . "  When you made the fans give you the guys who should go down , that was some of the best feedback ever . " But it 's always more amusing when it 's the players themselves complaining , especially when it 's over something relatively ridiculous . Every player gets a rating in every category , meaning kickers are rated for Trucking -- the ability to bull over defenders -- and 300-pound defensive linemen get Spectacular Catch scores . But that did n't sit well when New York Jets defensive back Kerry Rhodes saw his Throwing Power rating of 21 and 23 for Throwing Accuracy -- a full 17 points behind Nick Mangold , a Jets offensive lineman . Rhodes played some quarterback in college and high school and posted a good-natured video titled "  WTF Madden ! " In it , he and Mangold go through a series of passing drills , in which he predictably beats his 307-pound teammate . And it worked . "  After that , I bumped up Kerry Rhodes ' power to way outdistance Mangold , " Moore said . "  But it was still terrible . You 'd never play him at quarterback . " That 's a silly example , but illustrates a bigger point : There are a lot of eyeballs on the best-selling "  Madden " game series . Moore has worked at EA since 1999 , when he was hired for the "  Madden " testing group after winning an "  NCAA '99 Football " tournament . He says that , for him , making the game as close as possible to the real thing is serious business . "  I treat it with a lot of pride , " he said . "  I know what 's at stake here . I just want to get it right . " CNN contributor Larry Frum contributed to this report .	Donny Moore is the "  ratings czar " for "  Madden NFL 25 " Moore says players sometimes ask , complain about their scores He watches every NFL game and studies stats With weekly updates , mistakes can be fixed quickly now
CNN  -- Eighteen-year-old Kaitlyn Hunt , charged with a crime for having sex with a 14-year-old girl , rejected a deal Friday that would have required her to plead guilty to child abuse , according to Hunt 's attorney . Hunt was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after the parents of the 14-year-old went to authorities . Hunt 's family says their relationship was consensual , but in Florida a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to give consent to sex . If Hunt is convicted , she could go to prison for 15 years -- a reality that touched off a maelstrom of controversy across the country this past week . The case became widely known when Hunt 's family began an online campaign in defense of their daughter . The plea deal from the Indian River County prosecutor 's office would have required Hunt to plead no contest to child abuse , spend two years "  on community control , " which usually involves strict supervision , followed by one year of probation . According to the plea deal document , during her probation , Hunt would have had to agree to stay away from the 14-year-old , and to provide her probation officer with immediate access to her Internet and telephone communication . Read the report , offer In a statement saying that Hunt was rejecting the plea deal , her attorney , Julia Graves , wrote : "  This is a situation of two teenagers who happen to be of the same sex involved in a relationship . If this case involved a boy and girl , there would be no media attention to this case . "  Our client is a model citizen . She has been placed in an environment of school with her classmates where they go to school together , have lunch together , and play on the same team and are allowed to have communication and contact without barriers . Then when something develops between the two as a result of this environment created by the state , it leads to criminal prosecution . " "  If this incident occurred 108 days earlier when she was 17 , we would n't even be here , " the attorney wrote . The parents of the young girl Friday evening said they are prepared to go forward with the case . His daughter 's innocence was taken away , Jim Smith told CNN affiliate WPEC . "  There deserves some type of punishment for that . " The office of State Attorney Bruce Colton said it tendered an "  extremely lenient plea offer in this case which would have ensured that the defendant avoided any term of incarceration and the stigma of being labeled a sex offender . "  In fact , in all probability the defendant would have avoided being a convicted felon , " the statement continued . Colton will prepare for a mid-July trial . Earlier this week , Hunt cried in front of news crews . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , " she said , "  not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family . " In response , Charles Sullivan Jr. , the attorney for the 14-year-old girl 's family , said they had been hoping the case would be resolved by now . Now the 14-year-old girl may have to take the witness stand if the case goes to court , Sullivan said . "  No parent wants their child to have to testify in court , but unfortunately the reality of our system is we have a system where a defendant has the right to have all the witnesses present . It 's just the aspect of our law , " Sullivan said . "  It 's a difficult process but it 's a necessary process in our system of justice . " A case catches fire on Facebook The case has been a lightning rod for controversy after Hunt 's family went public on Facebook , describing their daughter 's case and essentially accusing the victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay . The victim 's family said that is n't true ; they are only trying to protect their 14-year-old . The American Civil Liberties Union has spoken out in defense of Hunt and an online petition by Change.org had attracted some 279,000 signatures by Friday evening . They say the punishment does not equal the crime . Despite the online furor , a case like this is n't all that unusual , said David LaBahn , president of the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys , a national professional group . "  Prosecutors get these kinds of cases all the time , and it 's almost always parents who come to them saying that something like this has happened , " said LaBahn , who worked as a trial attorney in California for 10 years and focused on prosecuting sex crimes for four years . The amount of difference between the alleged perpetrator 's age and the victim 's age weighs heavily in whether a prosecutor moves forward on a case , he said . "  If you had an 18 - and 17-year-old , there may be some investigation , " he said . "  If the 17-year-old says it was consensual , that would probably be the end of it and you would n't have charges . " But in this case , 18 and 14 is a wide gap , he said . "  According to law in Florida , this is a crime . " It does n't matter -- and should n't matter -- what people in an online community who do n't have the investigative details of a case believe , he said . He drew a comparison to the Jodi Arias case currently under way in Arizona . Many people -- even those on the jury -- said they could n't conceive how a petite woman who claimed she 'd been the victim of domestic violence could repeatedly stab her boyfriend , as she admits doing . "  As a prosecutor you can not be influenced by anything other than the facts , " he said . While some have suggested this case is being handled differently because it involves two females , Indian River County Sheriff Deryl Loar said that has nothing to do with it . "  If this was an 18-year-old male and that was a 14-year-old girl , it would have been prosecuted the same way , " he said . Parents of girl , 14 , say they are protecting her At trial , the prosecutor is likely to try to put on witnesses who can show that the 14-year-old was damaged psychologically by engaging in sex at such a young age , and that she would n't have normally done such a thing . In an earlier interview with CNN affiliate WPEC , Jim and Laurie Smith insisted that the girls ' gender has nothing to do with the case . They are concerned about ages . "  Our daughter was 14 , and this girl was 18 , " said Jim Smith . According to the Smiths , they twice warned Hunt to stop . "  I had another adult , who is a mother , she came to me and said , ` Ms. Smith , you need to know this . ' She said , ` We told Ms. Hunt to leave your daughter alone but they are in a relationship . And , she 's 18 . ' " Laurie Smith said she was shocked . Her daughter was just too young , she thought . The 14-year-old began to act out , the Smiths told WPEC . Then one weekend morning the Smiths went to their daughter 's bedroom and discovered she was missing . They panicked , thinking someone took their daughter or that she was hurt . "  Her running away was the furthest thing from our mind , " said Jim Smith . "  We thought ... you hear about kids getting abducted from their homes . " But they later learned that Hunt had picked their daughter up , they told WPEC . "  We had no other alternative but to turn to the law , use it basically as a last resort , " Jim Smith said . Bloggers have called Laurie Smith a gay basher and accused her of being abusive to her daughter . Numerous news reports have asked whether the Smiths went after the teen because of her sexual orientation . But Smith says her goal is to protect her 14-year-old , and she will not relent . "  I will be an advocate of what she needs , " the mother told WPEC . "  The stories that people are saying ... I love my daughter . ... I 'm willing to do whatever to protect her . " "  This whole story about you blaming Kate for making your daughter gay ... where did that come from ? " a reporter asked the parents . "  I do n't know . It did n't come from us . That 's not how we feel , " Jim Smith answered . Still , Hunt 's supporters say she is being prosecuted because she was in a sexual relationship with someone of the same sex . A Facebook support page the Hunt family set up called "  Free Kate " has gathered more than 47,000 names . Not everyone who is posting online might have the facts of the case . A glance at postings on Facebook and Twitter show that some people are getting the ages of the girls wrong . Others have posted erroneously that Hunt is being prosecuted for numerous other charges . Regardless , everyone seems upset about the effect a felony child abuse conviction would have on Hunt , if she agreed to the plea deal . LaBahn told CNN that a felony child abuse conviction would mean that Hunt would have to disclose her felony conviction on employment applications and she could never serve on a jury . She would be prohibited from voting for a period of time , though each state has different time frames for that rule , the attorney said . She may not be able to secure student loans either , he said , and she might not be allowed to adopt or obtain a childcare license . Graves , Hunt 's attorney , had earlier asked that the charges be reduced to a misdemeanor . "  This is a life sentence for behavior that is all too common , whether male , female , gay , straight , " Graves said at a Wednesday news conference . "  High school relationships may be fleeting , " she said , "  but felony convictions are forever . " CNN 's Sara Ganim and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Prosecutor says plea offer "  extremely lenient " Florida teen has rejected deal Authorities : Charges are not related to the sexual orientation of the teens 14-year-old 's parents : We are trying to protect our daughter
CNN  -- Massachusetts wildlife officials shot and killed an adolescent black bear that climbed a tree in a Boston suburb Sunday after attempts to tranquilize the animal failed , state officials said . The state Environmental Police agency said it killed the 100-plus-pound animal "  in the interest of public safety " and gave the remains to a local sports club "  to salvage the meat for use by its members . " The animal had been spotted on a railroad track early Sunday in the Boston suburb of Newton . State police briefly closed the nearby Massachusetts Turnpike while authorities tried to remove the bear , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . In a statement posted on its Facebook page early Sunday , the Newton Police Department urged people to keep away from the area : "  We do n't want him to get scared and fall onto the train tracks , " it said . Later , via Twitter , Newton police said the bear was killed after several unsuccessful attempts to tranquilize it . The animal was a male , about a year old , and weighed between 100 and 125 pounds , the Environmental Police said . State wildlife officials had tagged it in February . About 3,000 black bears are believed to live in Massachusetts . They have been "  known to co-exist with people " in the suburbs , the Environmental Police said in a statement . "  The black bear population has been slowly growing and expanding its range into eastern and southeastern Massachusetts . As the bear population expands and moves eastward , more black bears will be seen in eastern Massachusetts , " it said . CNN 's Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	The bear was spotted Sunday morning in Newton , Massachusetts State wildlife officers shot the animal after failing to tranquilize it The remains were given to a sports club for meat
When I rode the No. 7 train to Citi Field last Sunday , I was one of the few women in a train car packed with Hasidic Jews . My knees were in full view , but I shielded my face behind a pair of shades and a copy of Christopher Hitchens ' atheist bible , "  God Is Not Great , " held conspicuously aloft . Toward the end of our shared journey , when it had become clear that the only people left on the train were headed to the same event , I looked up from my book , removed the sunglasses and asked the men sitting across from me if they were there to protest the Internet or the abuse . Taken aback , they looked at me for a moment before answering "  both . " They did not recognize me as Deborah Feldman , the author of the controversial memoir about the life I fled as a Hasidic woman . Some 60,000 ultra-Orthodox men had gathered to discuss the dangers that prurient elements of the Internet present to their community . They were probably unaware of the planned counterdemonstration , which was being organized by a good friend of mine named Ari Mandel . He 's a fellow ex-Hasidic Jew , who , like me , felt compelled to protest the rampant injustice and abuse covered up within the Hasidic and ultra-Orthodox worlds , some of which we had seen or experienced firsthand . After exiting the train and lingering in the parking lot for a moment , persona non grata because of my female status , I was approached by an erudite-looking Jew , who asked what I was doing there . He claimed that I could n't possibly understand what the rally was about , that the event was for men only . Reporters inched closer , extending mikes and cameras . People seemed to think something juicy was going to happen . I opened my mouth to talk , and suddenly I felt a surge of adrenaline , the kind that makes your knees all shaky , fuel my words . It was my first time standing face to face with a man who represented my former oppressor . What I said boiled down to this : I am horrified that religious Jews would spend millions of dollars on a rally to protest an unstoppable force such as the Internet instead of focusing their attention on the real problems their community is facing , such as the sexual abuse scandals that are now public knowledge . The Internet can never be stopped , but parents and kids can be educated as to how to use it , just like in the real world . Instead , I argued , the ultra-Orthodox were just trying to bury their heads in the sand and ignore the real problems by waving a giant distraction in front of it . I spoke with emotion because five minutes later I would join a group of people across the street , some of whom were formerly Hasidic or Orthodox , and others who were still part of the community , but had summoned the courage to speak for the voiceless , all of whom had suffered or witnessed some form of abuse at the hands of the religious leadership . We held signs that said , "  The Internet Is Not the Problem , " or "  The Internet Did n't Molest Me , " because we felt outraged that real problems were being ignored while the community spent millions on a gathering designed to deal with the "  evil " of the Internet . The fact is that some Hasidic and Orthodox Jews continue to ostracize victims of abuse and support their abusers , and they offer no apology for doing so . They continue to deprive young men and women of vital education necessary for a successful and happy future . And both insiders , who are afraid to speak out , and people who 've left , feel that this is the case . It is no longer possible to pretend we do n't exist . To those who remained across the street , both physically and metaphorically , we called , "  You 're on the wrong side ! " Ours was the very power that the Orthodox rally was protesting , the power that the Internet gives to the lowly people and takes away from the rabbinic leadership . However , there is a new threat that the Hasidic community has to be concerned about , and this one is greater than the Internet . The Hasidic community is endangered by their own members , for those who have been betrayed and abused are now brave enough to speak ; they will no longer be bullied into silence . The discussion has begun , and it has begun publicly , in the media . Clearly , Hasidic communities feel threatened , as evidenced by the recent post in xoJane titled "  What Women 's Media Needs to know about Chassidic Women . " This essay was ostensibly written by a Hasidic woman in response to the media attention focused on the Citi Field spectacle . It has sparked a controversy both in the comments section and on forums such as Metafilter , a backlash that I felt compelled to join  and blog about  . The article enraged many of my peers , some of whom are religious , because it replaces what could have been a sensitive personal essay about Judaism with a whitewashed version of Hasidic life . Chaya , the author of this article , assures us that she is a media professional with a degree in women 's studies from a liberal college . Sadly , Chaya omitted the most crucial details about her identity , namely that she is a member of the most liberal Hasidic sect  Lubavitch  and that she is a Ba'al Teshuva , which translates as someone who returned to the faith . So a woman who resided on the most liberal end of the spectrum in the most tolerant of all Hasidic sects , who had chosen this way of life after she had already had access to a secular education , wrote an essay on behalf of all Hasidic women across the global spectrum , telling women 's media that all is glorious and wonderful in their world . She made sweeping claims on behalf of Hasidic women : They all love their husbands , enjoy following the laws of marital purity and are safer from cervical cancer as a result . She also reduced all non-Hasidic women to a coke-snorting and skinny jeans-wearing caricature . Words can not adequately describe the depth of my disappointment regarding this woman 's attempt at public relations . She said she felt compelled to write this in the wake of negative media attention , but she could have opted for a thoughtful essay on how she had come to choose her spiritual path and why it made her feel so fulfilled . She could have shared her personal journey without diminishing the pain and suffering of women who had n't been consulted before she put pen to paper . If Hasidic women can summon the moral fortitude to face up to the cracks in the foundation of the lifestyle , they can perhaps work toward repairing it , and create a healthier , happier environment for their children to grow up in .	Some 60,000 Orthodox Jewish men gathered in stadium to discuss Internet 's moral dangers Deborah Feldman has written a book detailing her years in the Orthodox community Feldman claims the Orthodox community largely ignores abuse at the hands of its leadership
CNN  -- At least 17 people were killed when a ship carrying migrants sank Monday about 100 miles off southern Italy , the Italian navy said Tuesday . Just over 200 other people who 'd been on the ship were rescued , the navy said . The incident came a day after a boat carrying illegal migrants sank off the coast of Tripoli , Libya , killing at least 40 people , according to an account from Libya 's Interior Ministry . Southern Italy -- especially tiny Lampedusa , which is the closest Italian island to Africa -- is a frequent destination for refugees seeking to enter European Union countries from Africa . Migrants often pack into unseaworthy and ill-equipped boats , and shipwrecks off Italian shores are common . The Italian military has rescued about 2,000 migrants in the last five days alone , Italy 's navy said Monday , highlighting the difficulty in keeping up with the flow of migrants seeking to reach European soil . Tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea each year , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The U.N. refugee agency , UNHCR , expressed its dismay Tuesday over the rising number of migrants dying as they try to make the perilous crossing . UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told reporters that those who lost their lives Monday include 12 women , three children and two men . In addition , 121 people are believed to have died in three separate boat accidents off the Libyan coast over the past two weeks , he said . Some of the 53 survivors of a shipwreck off Libya on May 6 told the UNHCR that the smugglers pushed them onto the boat and set off even though the boat was damaged in the middle , Edwards said . It 's believed 77 people drowned in that incident . The deaths of more than 300 African migrants in a shipwreck off Lampedusa last October shocked Italy and the world , and led to calls for EU lawmakers to review their migration policies . A rescue operation established by the Italian government after that tragedy saved more than 20,000 people at sea through early April , the United Nations refugee agency said . Nearly 43,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea in 2013 , according to the agency . Many of the migrants are from African nations , while others have fled war-torn Syria . The UNHCR believes more than 170 migrants have died at sea trying to reach Europe so far this year . It praised rescue efforts by the Italian and Libyan authorities , as well as private boats , but said more still needs to be done . "  We also urge governments around the world to provide legal alternatives to dangerous sea journeys , ensuring desperate people in need of refuge can seek and find protection and asylum , " the agency said . "  These alternatives could include resettlement , humanitarian admission , and facilitated access to family reunification . " Migrants appear undeterred , even after deadly shipwrecks Family flees Syria 's war , finds refuge in Italy 's islands CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. refugee agency is dismayed by rising migrant death toll in Mediterranean About 200 people rescued from boat in Mediterranean on Monday , Italian navy says Deadly shipwreck came a day after a boat sank off Libya , killing at least 40 The Italian military rescued about 2,000 migrants in five days alone , navy says
New York  CNN  -- It was a security breach at one of the country 's busiest airports conducted on a tiny scale . Eighteen workers at New York 's JFK Airport were arrested on Wednesday and accused of stealing more than 100,000 mini-bottles of alcohol from LSG Sky Chefs , which provides food and beverages for American Airlines . The arrests capped off a nine-month investigation , dubbed "  Operation Last Call " by the Port Authority 's Office of Inspector General . Most of the accused were employed by LSG , but three were security guards hired by private contractors to guard JFK Airport and American Airlines . The guards are charged with taking bribes to look past the thefts and for receiving stolen property . A speedier trip through airport security could come within a decade "  The defendants arrested in Operation Last Call violated and sold out their position of trust and access to the secure areas of the airport , including access to commercial aviation , all for personal greed , " said Robert Van Etten , inspector general for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates JFK Airport . Prosecutors allege that 15 employees of LSG pilfered bottles of alcohol left over from various American Airlines flights and sold them on the underground market to local liquor stores and bodegas . Taking place over many months , these thefts yielded an estimated retail value of $ 750,000 . Law enforcement sources said the ring revolved around Domingo Duran , a retired LSG Sky Chefs employee . An early morning raid on Duran 's home in Queens uncovered more than 50,000 mini-bottles of alcohol and $ 34,000 in cash . Duran faces 15 years in prison on charges of grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property . CNN 's attempts to reach Duran for comment were unsuccessful . Two of the three security guards worked for FJC Security Services , which has responsibilities for guarding the facilities at JFK Airport . The third security guard was employed by SCIS Air Security , which has a contract to guard airline property . U.S. watchdog to review airline safety program An FJC spokesman said that the firm had been alerted to the alleged activity by an anonymous tip in November 2011 , a half year after taking over the security contract at JFK . FJC immediately turned over the information to the Port Authority , which commenced a formal investigation . The case culminated when the LSG workers were summoned to an early morning meeting , where they were arrested in their uniforms . "  They were engaged in the widespread theft and distribution of liquor and other duty free items , " Van Etten said . "  These arrests will serve notice that the Port Authority of will not tolerate criminal activity at its facilities . " LSG Sky Chefs declined comment . The accused each face between seven and 15 years in prison . Philadelphia man charged over phony flight threat	18 airport employees accused of stealing more than 100,000 mini-bottles of alcohol The retail value of the alcohol is $ 750,000 Most of the workers are employed by LSG Sky Chefs , an airline beverage supplier The LSG employees were arrested at an early morning meeting in their uniforms
Tokyo  CNN  -- The words "  Ganbaro Nippon " -- "  Be strong , Japan " -- shine down on the nation 's capital nightly from the soaring steel of the landmark Tokyo Tower . But a society known worldwide for its culture of stoicism has been knocked a bit off balance by the one-two punch of a massive earthquake and a nuclear disaster , according to both ordinary residents and experts . Andrew Grimes , a clinical psychologist working in Japan , said the events and their literal and figurative aftershocks have had "  a severe effect on people 's sense of security . " "  It 's uncharted territory to some extent , " Grimes said . "  But I think the mental health aspect is already with us , and it 's going to stay with us for a while . " And Junichi Onodera , the director of a badly damaged hospital in northern Japan , said the disaster 's psychological scars will linger longer than the current crises . Onodera runs the Iwate Prefectural Hospital in Yamada , a town in the bulls-eye for the tsunami that followed the March 11 earthquake . Seaweed still drapes cabinets on the first floor of the facility , and X-ray machines , beds and wheelchairs too badly damaged to salvage line the parking lot . Exhausted doctors and nurses whose homes have been destroyed sleep alongside patients , many of whom arrive suffering from what Onodera likens to post-traumatic stress disorder . "  But what can we do ? " he asked . "  There are no psychologists here to help with that . " The quake killed more than 13,000 people in the region . Another 15,000-plus are still missing , and Japanese troops are still combing the ruins of coastal villages in search of bodies . The island nation has long been plagued by earthquakes . But last month 's magnitude 9 quake has generated strong aftershocks for more than a month , with more than eight deaths blamed on fresh tremors in the past week . "  The degree of fear of earthquakes has risen up these days , " Tokyo businessman Ryuji Kita told CNN . Kita said the repeated aftershocks have put his entire family on edge , and he gets e-mails from friends and relatives in western Japan after each temblor . In Tokyo , more than 300 km  190 miles  south of the quake 's worst impact , the disaster was followed by a brief period of rolling blackouts and an extended campaign of power conservation . Outside a nightclub around the corner from the Kantei , the prime minister 's office , a sign advises passerby , "  Save power and carry on " -- an echo of iconic British posters from World War II . Many subway stations have been half-lit , and when baseball returned after delaying the start of its season for three weeks , many games played in the Tokyo Electric Power Company 's service area were moved to afternoons . Tokyo Electric faces a 20 % capacity shortfall since the quake knocked out two of its nuclear power plants . One of those is Fukushima Daiichi , the center of a slow-motion crisis that Japan declared a top-scale nuclear accident Tuesday . Yoshi Domoto , executive director of the Atlanta-based Japan-America Society of Georgia , said the Japanese have been sticking together , as they have through a long history of disasters . "  They 're more group-oriented than Americans , so that 's helping them out , " Domoto said . That sense of community leaves people less isolated than they would be otherwise , said Professor Lonny Carlile of the Center for Japanese Studies at the University of Hawaii at Manoa . Neighborhoods tend to come together , accounting for residents , handing out circulars , or holding regular cleanups . After the tsunami , local governments quickly designated which towns would take in survivors from other towns that were hit , Carlile said . "  You have what in essence is a routine  that will  kick in during an emergency , " Carlile said . And in the United States , expatriates are raising money for disaster relief . The Japanese community in Los Angeles is so large that Japanese prefectures have their own local organizations , said Gwen Muranaka , English editor of the Rafu Shimpo , a daily Japanese-American newspaper there . "  I think there 's a real commitment , " she said . "  This is n't going to go away in a month . People feel that they 're committed to helping . " But in the shadow of Fukushima Daiichi , fears about possible contamination of the basics of life -- food and water -- have fueled an "  enormous inability to calm down , " said Grimes , the director of Tokyo Counseling Services . And many people in Tokyo who depend on trains to get around "  are very concerned and afraid of being stuck again , like we all were on that first Friday . " Grimes said psychiatrists and psychologists expect to see an increased number of patients suffering from depression , anxiety , sleeplessness , nightmares and problems with appetite in the coming months . "  We 've had many more people first-time people coming in , including couples , " he said . As the nuclear crisis drags on , both the Japanese government and Tokyo Electric have faced increasing criticism of their early response and the utility 's inability to offer an estimate of when it might be resolved . Prime Minister Naoto Kan 's ruling Democratic Party of Japan took a beating in the first round of local elections Sunday , losses he said Tuesday were "  very difficult for our party . " And with the crisis also pinching Japan 's economy , Kan urged citizens to ease up on some self-imposed austerity measures . "  While keeping sympathy with the disaster victims , shall we try not to apply too much self restraint and go back to daily life ? " he asked . "  Consuming products from the disaster-hit area is one way of supporting the victims . " The Japanese government has begun easing restrictions on produce from the stricken region as radiation readings go down . Vendors selling vegetables and fruit from Fukushima Prefecture were doing a land-office business outside Tokyo 's packed Shimbashi subway station at Wednesday 's rush hour , with some stands selling out in minutes , their operators announced . A woman named Shiho , who would not give her last name , told CNN she was more worried about continued earthquakes than radiation . She said she was worried about how to evacuate with her two cats , since pets were n't allowed in shelters , and had stockpiled food and water for an emergency kit in case of another major quake . "  The government is confused about what they should do , " she said . "  We need a clear scenario to recover . If we Japanese people could have a clear vision about how to recover , then the recovery would be more effective . " CNN 's Brian Walker in Yamada , Matt Smith , Yoko Wakatsuki and Noriaki Kawai in Tokyo and Melissa Gray in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The mental health impact of twin disasters is "  uncharted territory , " psychologist says Many quake survivors show signs of post-traumatic stress , one doctor tells CNN Japan has a long history of pulling together after disasters "  We need a clear scenario to recover , " a Tokyo commuter says
CNN  -- The English Premier League is set to make history in August by becoming the first soccer league to introduce goal-line technology . Goal-line technology  GLT  was used for the first time at the Club World Cup in Japan and the EPL plans to have it in place for the 2013-14 season . "  We are in ongoing discussions with two potential providers with a view to having GLT installed for the start of the ' 13-14 season , " EPL spokesman Dan Johnson told CNN . "  The system , whichever one we choose , has to be installed and in use in all grounds to satisfy integrity of competition issues . " However , the EPL 's position on GLT is not mirrored throughout European football . UEFA , which runs European competitions such as the Champions League and the Europa League , is opposed to the use of technology , instead preferring to continue with the use of extra officials behind the goal . "  UEFA and its president have made it clear on several occasions that we would not introduce goal-line technology in our competitions as we are completely satisfied with the additional assistant referees , " read a statement issued to CNN . Earlier this month , football 's global governing body FIFA confirmed it will use GLT for June 's Confederations Cup in Brazil . The competition acts as a warmup for the 2014 World Cup in the same country , during which FIFA also intends to use GLT . FIFA has so far granted four companies licenses to provide technology systems . British firm Hawk-Eye , which already provides services to tennis and cricket , and German company GoalRef were both granted permission by FIFA following successful trials last year . Both manufacturers had systems in place at December 's Club World Cup in Japan . Two further German systems have been approved this week : Cairos , which uses magnetic fields ; and GoalControl , which relies on 14 high speed cameras positioned around the pitch . A decision on which system will be used for the Confederations Cup will be made in early April . Meanwhile , the EPL 's longest serving player , Manchester United veteran Ryan Giggs , has signed a new one-year contract on the eve of what could be the 1,000 th game of his illustrious career . The 39-year-old , who made his United debut 1991 , could achieve the landmark when Alex Ferguson 's EPL leaders take on Norwich City at Old Trafford on Saturday . Giggs also collected 64 caps for Wales before retiring from international football in 2007 and played for the British Olympic team at London 2012 . The midfielder has made more appearances for United than any other player and is the most decorated footballer in English soccer history . He has won 12 league titles , four FA Cups , the League Cup on four occasions and the Champions League in 1999 and 2008 . " "  I am feeling good , enjoying my football more than ever and , most importantly , I feel I am making a contribution to the team , " Giggs told United 's official website . "  This is an exciting team to be part of , with great team spirit , and we are again pushing for trophies as we head towards the business end of the season . " United will be looking to open up a 15-point lead over neighbors and reigning champions Manchester City when they entertain Norwich . City , currently second in the table , travel to relegation-threatened Aston Villa on Monday .	EPL plans to introduce goal-line technology in time for the start of 2013/14 season European body UEFA opposed to the use of technology in football Four goal-line technology systems have been officially licensed by FIFA GLT was used for the first time at December 's Club World Cup in Japan
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Eight journalists were wounded Tuesday in an attack at a police school in Abdiasis district of northern Mogadishu , the National Union of Somali Journalists said in a news release . The victims were covering a news conference held by a spokesman for Al Shabaab in the training facility at a base that had been taken over Monday by the al Qaeda-linked group , it said . Four of the wounded journalists have been identified as : Muse Mohamoud Jisow , Ilyas Ahmed Abukar , Abdinasir Idle , and Abdirisak Elmi Jama , the news release said . "  A big artillery shell hit a nearby building as we were being taken to new areas where Al Shabaab took control in north Mogadishu , " journalist Abdirisak Black told CNN . The blast "  rocked everything , including us , " showering the journalists with shattered glass , said the television journalist based in Mogadishu . The shelling continued for at least an hour , said Black , who said he sustained a minor shrapnel wound . "  I always knew that it is too risky to go out and do your job in Mogadishu as a journalist , but today was one of the most dangerous days in my life , " he said . The journalists ' union said that one of the victims said that the bombers knew that a news conference was taking place at the time . NUSOJ said it "  condemned the attack as a wasteful and cowardly act that only targets the harmless journalists who are only armed with pens and cameras and notebooks . " The organization called on all parties in the conflict in Mogadishu to cease hostilities and to desist from taking their conflict to journalists and unarmed civilians . "  Warring sides have made it their habit to bombard or attack places with a congregation of journalists ostensibly to eliminate their enemy 's claims of political gains , " said Omar Faruk Osman , NUSOJ secretary-general . "  But we must remind them of their responsibility to protect journalists and civilians . Once they commit such otherwise avoidable atrocities they then take their war to the people . " Al Shabaab means "  the youth , " but observers say it is too far-reaching to be just a rabble of youngsters . It controls much of central and southern Somalia and large parts of the capital , Mogadishu . And after years of pledging allegiance to al Qaeda , Al Shabaab formalized the relationship in February . Since then , the Somali government says there 's been an influx of foreign fighters . Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed leads the weak , U.N.-backed Transitional Federal Government  TFG  . Ahmed was once a senior , moderate figure in the Union of Islamic Courts -- an alliance that included Al Shabaab and held power in Somalia for six months in 2006 before being overthrown by Ethiopian forces . The Ethiopians remained until early 2009 when the TFG took tentative control , clinging to a small part of Mogadishu , and protected by African Union  AU  peacekeepers mainly from Uganda and Burundi . Al Shabaab has reached out to Somalis living in the West , radicalizing young Muslims via the Internet and encouraging them to move back to the country to join the jihad . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow in Mogadishu and CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this story .	8 journalists wounded in Mogadishu Victims were covering news conference held by Al Shabaab "  Wasteful and cowardly act , " says journalists ' group
CNN  -- The idea of an amputee tinkling on piano keys with all the flair and grace of an able-handed person may seem like a futuristic fantasy . But watch Johnny Matheney effortlessly arch and extend each finger on his bionic arm and you ca n't help but agree with him when he says : "  The future is coming now . " Its makers describe Matheney 's robotic limb as the most sophisticated of its kind in the world , recreating virtually every movement of a natural arm -- and all controlled by brain power . "  When they took my arm I never thought I would have an actual hand -- I saw the hooks and thought that was exactly what I would be getting , " said Matheney , who lost his left arm to cancer in 2008 . "  So once they introduced me to this , it was like something out of space come to Earth . " Explore the bionic body Moving on up Featuring 100 sensors , 26 joints , 17 motors and a tiny computer built into the palm of the robotic hand , the revolutionary Modular Prosthetic Limb  MPL  is the work of researchers at Johns Hopkins University in Maryland . Weighing four kilograms -- much like a normal arm -- it can mimic almost all the same movements . "  This is the most sophisticated arm in the world , " said Michael McLoughlin , of the university 's Applied Physics Laboratory . "  What we have done is , by order of magnitude , increase the ability to do very highly dexterous kinds of motions . So you can think about things like eventually playing the piano ... I think we 'll get there someday . " The MPL is programmed to respond to electrical impulses in Matheney 's residual limb -- he simply has to think about moving his old arm . "  You do n't even really think about it , " said Matheney . "  You 're extending the arm , talking and doing other things -- it just automatically does it . " Nerve Center For former baker Matheney , the first step in the ground-breaking project was bringing to life the dead nerves at the end of his residual arm . Matheney underwent targeted muscle reinnervation -- surgery that involves rewiring electrical signals in the stump . Only 50 people in the world have had the operation , which takes a couple of hours . "  We take all the electrical signals that are going down to the missing limb and reroute them into residual muscles that are still there , " said Albert Chi , assistant professor of surgery , trauma and surgical critical care at the university . "  Now when Johnny has a natural thought about moving that missing limb , he contracts that muscle and we are able to capture those signals and translate them into messages for the prosthetic limb . " Within two weeks of surgery , Matheney began to feel his phantom limb for the first time in years . He practiced moving it for 20 minutes each day , training the nerves for his new bionic arm . "  The more you do it , the more the pathway is cleaned up and the cobwebs are out of it , " he said . "  After the surgery I was constantly rubbing my stump to see what new feeling was coming in . I said ` Wow I can feel my pinky finger . ' I kept on doing it , and it was like ` Oh right , I 've got a pointer . ' " Symphony of movement The ambitious bionic limb , seven years in the making , is incredibly lifelike in its movements , thanks to a complex symphony of muscle triggers . Other robotic arms have relied on direct signals , whereas the MPL picks up a chorus of muscle motions -- creating a more fluid movement . "  We are using a lot more electrode sites , " explained biomedical engineer Courtney Moran . "  That array of muscle contraction is more like a chord in music , so you are able to get more complexity of motion -- like you would get more complexity of sound . " Looking good While many prosthetic limbs look lifelike , finding one that also moves naturally has proved more of a challenge . There are now plans to cover the MPL in a skin-like substance , which could make it the most inconspicuous artificial arm in history . "  There is an elegance to it , and that is actually one of the most important things for the users of prosthetics , " said McLoughlin . "  The natural movement is almost more important than the appearance . " Indeed for Matheney , the bionic arm feels just as natural as the arm he lost -- to the point where "  every time I have to turn it back in , it 's like losing part of me all over again . " "  I do a lot of handy work around the house , a lot of cooking , " he says . "  And to be able to hold bowls and grab spoons is absolutely amazing . "	` World 's most sophisticated ' bionic arm is controlled by the mind Modular prosthetic Limb includes computer in palm of hand Seven years in making , valued at tens of thousands of dollars Positive psychological benefits for amputees
CNN  It 's often said you can tell a lot about a man by the company he keeps . It 's an aphorism worth remembering on arguably the most hectic day in the football calendar as clubs rush to grab a deal on transfer deadline day . And according to one football scout , a young man 's friends can also tell you if he 's going to make it big in the beautiful game . Lutz Pfannenstiel is a former player who now works for German club Hoffenheim , scouring the globe in the hope of finding a future star . Profiling players , and seeing how they behave off the pitch , is key to understanding whether they are right for the Bundesliga , insists Pfannenstiel -- who played for 25 clubs during a rich and varied career . "  I can go to Africa , I can go to Brazil , I can find hundreds of top class players . But the question is , will they really work in Germany ? " the former goalkeeper told CNN . A fan of big cats , Pfannenstiel has some David Attenbrough-like qualities in his observation of footballers . Whether they are in training , staying at a hotel , or even just socializing in a group , he watches them closely for signs of telltale behavior . "  It sounds very basic , but if I see a player who walks around by himself with big earphones on , and ignores everything that is around him , then I am not sure that that 's the player I would like to have , " he explained . Musical head gear is not the only thing that detective Pfannenstiel checks up on , with players ' social lives being put under a magnifying glass too . "  Does he have bad friends ? Is he going out on the weekend ? Is he a really hard working professional ? These are all things you can find out , " he said . Networking is Pfannenstiel 's modus operandi , allowing him to keep track of players across the globe without clocking too many air miles . Whether players know it or not , people close to them might be reporting back to scouts like Pfannenstiel , so it 's important players are on their best behavior -- and keep the right company . "  There are guys who are basically looking at every woman in the team 's hotel Is that really what you want ? It 's good to have a personal profile , it 's good to see their behavior outside the football field . " Language can be another stumbling block for footballers hoping to make it big abroad , with Pfannenstiel setting a pass mark of being able to speak "  at least the basics . " The goal is for players to be able to gel with teammates both on and off the pitch -- if they ca n't then Pfannenstiel will have no qualms about waving "  auf wiedersehen " to them . He hopes that they will not just communicate with other players , "  but also with the coaches , with the fans . The player needs to be liked by the fans to be 100 % happy . " In many ways , Hoffenheim epitomize the current transfer market within football . For a provincial club with a humble history -- in 1999 , their stadium held less than 1,700 fans -- Hoffenheim 's status has been boosted by skilled players from abroad , recruited after some hefty investments from chief financial backer Dietmar Hopp . One foreign import who has impressed Pfannenstiel is Eugen Polanski , a Polish national player who joined Hoffenheim in 2013 and has since become an essential pillar of the team . Wilfried Bony has a similar story , originally from the Ivory Coast he was prolific with Vitesse in the Netherlands before joining English Premier League team Swansea in 2013 . Bony was the top goal scorer in the EPL during the calendar year 2014 and has recently made a $ 42.5 million move to Manchester City . But not all players settle into foreign countries as easily as Bony and Polanski seem to have done . As Pfannenstiel argues , "  Many times players from these countries fail . Not because they 're bad players -- they fail because they ca n't adjust . They ca n't adjust to the life , to the culture and to the surroundings . " Failure is not an option for Hoffenheim , which would rather coach their domestic players to stardom than buy brilliance from abroad . Tightening purse strings are another reason for the club to look for talent closer to home -- with some transfer fees skyrocketing during the January window . "  The clubs who give players away , they know the prices are actually sometimes out of proportion , " Pfannenstiel argues . The huge expense of some transfer fees means that clubs are under pressure to avoid any costly mistakes , leaving clubs like Hoffenheim to nurture local talent . "  We are not that desperate anymore to bring in foreigners left , right , and center -- we 'd rather give youngsters a chance . " It 's a tactic that Hoffenheim -- along with many other German clubs -- have used to their advantage . "  The number of players coming from the under 19 's into the premier league in Germany is higher than it ever was before . " The search is now on for top talent in football , but Pfannenstiel wo n't be looking too far afield .	Lutz Pfannenstiel 's transfer deadline day do 's and do n'ts Do n't wear earphones if you want to impress Lutz Pfannenstiel He worries that not all players from abroad can adjust to playing in Germany Hoffenheim aims to develop its youngsters rather than take risks on expensive foreign transfers
Former "  Scandal " actor Columbus Short has again found himself accused of being on the wrong side of the law . Dallas police arrested Short around 2 a.m. Saturday for public intoxication at the address for Katy Trail Ice House , a "  beer garden " and restaurant , police spokesman Warren Mitchell said . Mitchell had no information immediately on whether , or when , Short , 31 , was released from custody . Short 's publicist declined comment Saturday evening . The actor was arrested in March after being accused of punching and knocking out a patron at a West Los Angeles restaurant . He later pleaded not guilty to a felony charge of battery in that case . And in April , Short 's wife accused him of threatening to kill her and himself with a knife . Tanee Short filed for both a restraining order , to keep him from her and their 2-year-old daughter , and for a divorce to end their nine-year marriage . Shortly thereafter , Columbus Short announced he would not be returning to the hit ABC series "  Scandal . "	Short is arrested for public intoxication at a Dallas , Texas , bar , police say He was arrested in March for allegedly knocking out a restaurant patron His wife accused him of threatening to kill her , him in April Afterward , Short announced he would n't return to the hit show "  Scandal "
San Diego  CNN  -- The case against Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman -- which has , for the last several weeks , been exhaustively tried in the court of public opinion -- is now headed where it belongs : to a court of law . Special prosecutor Angela Corey announced Wednesday that Zimmerman would be charged with second-degree murder in the tragic death of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin . The 28-year-old Zimmerman , who had been in hiding even from his own attorneys , turned himself in to authorities and is in police custody awaiting a hearing on the charges . For those Americans who think that Zimmerman acted in self-defense to save his own life , the decision to charge him is tantamount to giving in to a mob . In fact , as I skipped from one conservative talk radio show to another Wednesday afternoon , that 's how I heard it described by hosts and callers alike . Yet , for those who believe that Zimmerman was the aggressor in this fateful encounter , that he racially profiled Martin and then essentially hunted him down , the decision represents something else : justice . That 's how Martin 's family described it in applauding Zimmerman 's arrest . Personally , I 'm thankful the suspect is in custody . And that has nothing to do with which team I 'm on -- Team Martin or Team Zimmerman . That 's irrelevant . But , if you must know , I do n't have a team . I do n't know that really happened on the night of February 26 on that dark street in Sanford , Florida . And neither do you . After all , we were n't there . Of course , we all have our biases . And some of mine come from being the son of a retired cop who spent 37 years on the job . From that vantage point , I would just as soon people like Zimmerman leave the police work to the professionals . And yet , even so , once the struggle began and the two men are wrestling on the ground , if Zimmerman felt his life was threatened , I ca n't condemn his decision to use deadly force to defend himself . I 'm only sure of this much : This case had to go to trial . It had to be this way . Whether you think Zimmerman is innocent or guilty , we all should be able to agree on that much . We could n't go on otherwise , with one segment of the country believing that someone got away with second-degree murder and the suspect looking over his shoulder for the rest of his life . This case cries out for clarity and resolution , and the only place to get either is in court . We need to be able to see and hear the evidence , and let a jury decide whether Zimmerman is guilty as charged or whether he acted in self-defense . Whatever the verdict turns out to be , let 's hope that both camps are mature enough to accept it . I 'm not hopeful . Too many people have already made up their minds . In fact , it 's hard to see how Zimmerman can get a fair trial -- especially in Seminole County . The strain is showing . The country has n't been this racially divided since the O.J. Simpson criminal trial in 1995 . And as with that trial , how you see these events seems to have a lot to do with the color of your skin . But this time , there 's a twist . During the Simpson trial , when the defendant was black and the victims were white , polls showed that most whites thought the former football star was guilty , while African-Americans urged us to wait for the evidence to come in . In the Martin case , the roles are reversed as many African-Americans seem quick to convict Zimmerman and many whites urge us to wait for the evidence to come in . That 's not a good sign . Do Americans need better laws , or just better memories ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. : It 's a step forward to have the Trayvon Martin case go to court He says America seems divided into camps over George Zimmerman 's guilt or innocence The case cries out for clarity and resolution , which can only come in court , he says Navarrette : Too many people have made up their minds , as they did in O.J. Simpson case
Washington  CNN  -- Negotiators on House and Senate spending panels agreed to $ 1.1 trillion government funding bill , they announced Tuesday , just two days before federal agencies are due to run out of money . As part of the spending bill Democrats and Republicans have also agreed to attach policy provisions on a range of issues -- including measures to roll back environmental regulations , rules for possession of marijuana in the District of Columbia , and changes to financial regulations for banks . "  This bill fulfills our constitutional duty to fund the government , preventing damage from shutdown politics that are bad for the economy , cost jobs and hurt middle class families , " said Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski , a Democrat , and Kentucky Rep. Hal Rogers , a Republican , in a joint statement . "  While not everyone got everything they wanted , such compromises must be made in a divided government . These are the tough choices that we must make to govern responsibly and do what the American people sent us here to do . " The spending measure , which would fund most of the government for a full fiscal year was expected to be released at the beginning of the week . But on Tuesday evening , lawmakers continued to haggle over everything from immigration to terrorism risk insurance . The squabbling increased the chances that Congress will have to approve a short-term bill on Thursday to keep the government open for just a few days and give lawmakers a little more time to finalize a deal . But the last-minute agreement avoids that outcome , and likely means the government will remain open for business as usual . Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid told reporters on Tuesday , "  We 're ready to pass a yearlong spending bill to take care of this . We 've been trying to work with Republican leaders to avoid a shutdown . There is going to come a time when they are going to have to take ` yes ' for an answer . I guess they are not there yet . " A House vote on the spending bill now is expected hours before the deadline on Thursday night , which would give the Democratic-led Senate little time to debate and vote on the legislation before government operations would be interrupted by a funding gap . The House Appropriations committee unveiled their legislation late Tuesday night , which funds virtually all of the government for a full fiscal year . But in response to the President Barack Obama 's action on immigration , it only provides resources for the Department of Homeland Security through the end of February . Even that does n't go far enough for some conservatives who want to use the annual spending bill to strip funding for the implementation of the executive orders . They insist that exercising Congress ' power of the purse was the best tool to use now , instead of waiting to wage the fight until next year . "  I think it 's a punt , " Arizona GOP Rep. Matt Salmon told reporters about the current House spending proposal . He predicted as many as 50 House Republicans would oppose the legislation , but said in the end , those defections would n't block the bill because enough Democrats would back it to avoid a shutdown . Reid and other Senate Democrats have already said they would accept the hybrid bill so long as it did n't contain poison pill policy riders . Reid 's comments Tuesday reflect that he is concerned some of those riders remain in the bill . House Speaker John Boehner and Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell have been urging Republicans to postpone their effort to roll back the President 's executive actions until next year when they control both the House and the Senate . GOP leaders have repeatedly told members they do n't want to risk a repeat of last fall 's government shutdown , which most voters blamed on the GOP . The House passed a bill last week designed to stop the President 's executive order , but that measure was seen as largely symbolic -- even from its supporters -- because the Democratic-led Senate refused to hold a vote on it and the Obama administration threatened to veto it . While GOP leaders argue it 's better to wait until next year when they have control of both chambers of Congress , there is no plan in place for what Republicans will actually do in 2015 . Flores said he was still waiting to read the spending bill , but he agreed with the concept of separating the immigration fight from the spending bill . He said for now , the Democratic-led Senate limits the options in the face of a shutdown and "  hopefully in January we 're going to have a bigger tool box " to force the Administration to revise its policies on immigration . Last minute discussions about unrelated legislation held up the funding bill 's introduction , including whether to add an unrelated terrorism risk insurance measure to the measure . Discussions over that issue led to a fight over financial regulations -- a sign the debate over the spending bill had drifted off its initial course . House Democratic leaders wo n't say how they will vote on the measure , but the number two Democratic leader told reporters on Tuesday that Republicans will find it easier to attract support if they leave out controversial policy provisions . "  The cleaner this bill is the more likely it is of its passage , " said Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland . This story has been updated to include new information	House and Senate negotiators announced a funding agreement late Tuesday Congress must pass a spending bill by Thursday to avoid a shutdown Lawmakers had been haggling over policy rather than funding issues
Menlo Park , California  CNN  -- On Monday , Reed Hastings , CEO of Netflix , posted on Netflix 's blog that the popular online movie rental service would not be breaking off its DVD-by-mail business from its online streaming business . This was Netflix 's third major announcement relating to changes in pricing and service offering in four months . Like BlackBerry and Bank of America , both of which have recently borne the wrath of disappointed customers , Netflix has been subject to tremendous criticism over the past few months .  Full disclosure : I consulted for Netflix for about two years between 2003 and 2005 . While Netflix is taking a beating , with rapidly declining market valuation , angry customers and negative media coverage , Hastings ' announcement actually signals the company 's willingness to keep tinkering until it gets the service right . He is that rare public company CEO who is willing to take a risk , make mistakes in public and keep trying new things . For that , he deserves some credit . Netflix raised its prices in response to the expected increase in content pricing from major studios , which the company believed made Netflix 's flagship offering , one-DVD-out-at-a-time-plus-unlimited-streamed-content for $ 9.99 , impossible for them to continue . As a result , in July , it announced plans to split the DVD business and the streaming business , charging $ 7.99 for each . Netflix 's goal was to convert current clients from "  DVDs and streaming " to "  DVDs or streaming " and charging a premium for customers wanting to stay with both . The announcement was seen as an attempt to raise the price by 60 % without offering additional value , and customer response was fast and negative . Since then , Netflix has been attacked from all sides for poor communication , poor product strategy and poor pricing decisions . Indeed , its communication has been poor : first with the July announcement , because it was misleading , and then with the September and October announcements , because they focused on responding to the wrong problem , thinking customers were angry because they did n't know which of the two new options to choose . In fact , customers were angry because they were being forced to choose or to pay more . Hastings knows that he needs to transition his subscribers from old media  DVDs  to new  streaming  and has been methodically preparing for this transition for several years . The problem came in the timing and the messaging of the transition , not in the transition itself . Too many businesses have failed because they failed to focus on the benefits they provided their customers instead of the technology they used . Companies committed to trains word processors , and typewriters were forced to consolidate or go bankrupt as their technologies became obsolete and they failed to adapt . In their place , consumers spend their money on cars , PCs and tablets . Netflix tried to make that transition , and the process has been painful but may yet be successful . In subscription-based businesses , it is nearly impossible to raise the price for a service without dramatically improving the offering . Since the initial July announcement , Netflix has inked favorable streaming deals with several major studios , including Dreamworks , Epix  Lionsgate , MGM and Paramount  , Animal Planet and the Discovery Channel -- a fact Hastings referred to in his most recent blog post . Had Netflix been able to time the price increase with the announcement of significant new streaming content , consumers might have accepted the change . Netflix took a big risk with its new business model and pricing structure . Hastings had a vision of where he wanted his company to go and made some mistakes trying to achieve that vision . Some of those mistakes look like they may have been avoidable , especially in hindsight . Despite my personal annoyance at the price hike and the inconsistent messages , I continue to respect Netflix and its brave CEO for their  multiple  public apologies , their speed in developing a new service  Qwikster  and their speed in canceling Qwikster when they saw the negative response . Hastings "  failed fast " and then adjusted and adjusted again , which can be painful . His willingness to move forward , even in the face of public criticism , is all too rare among public company CEOs . Netflix is still a "  buy " in my book . It knows how to deliver video content through multiple channels . It seems to be making headway in its studio deals , and it is willing to act fast , admit mistakes and keep moving forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robbie Kellman Baxter .	Since July , Netflix has been taking a beating , says Robbie Kellman Baxter It raised prices by 60 % and made , and then unmade , a drastic change , she says Baxter : But Netflix 's CEO , Reed Hastings , is willing to make mistakes and take risks "  Netflix is still a ` buy ' in my book , " because it 's moving forward , says Baxter
"  Pikachu , I choose you ! " With those words , 400 Pokémon players from 26 countries around the world will vie Saturday and Sunday for the title of World Champion in the 2010 Pokémon Video Game Championships in Kona , Hawaii . Kids and teens compete in two age groups by playing the "  Pokémon HeartGold " and "  SoulSilver " versions of the titles available on the Nintendo DS console . U.S. champions and qualifiers will do battle against winners from competitions in Japan , the United Kingdom , Germany , France and Spain . The U.S. competition started in May and lasted two months before crowning 11-year-old Wade Stanley of San Diego , California , and 16-year-old Wesley Morioka , of Chicago , Illinois , as champions in the Juniors and Seniors age groups . The Pokémon universe is made up of more than 490 creatures that players can find , capture , train , trade , collect and use in battle against their rivals in the quest to become Pokémon Trainers . Each Pokémon is classified by a specific type -- such as Fire , Water , Grass , Psychic , and Fighting -- and each has its own set of strengths and weaknesses to create a rock-paper-scissors-style balance . In the video games , players collect and befriend Pokémon from the wild and train them to battle each other . Pokémon are never seriously harmed in these battles ; they merely faint , returning to their Poké Balls to rest and be fully healed at a later time . The Pokémon video game franchise has continued to enjoy great success since its inception in Japan in 1996 for the GameBoy handheld console . It arrived on the shores of the United States two years later and spawned a craze that created cartoons , card games , movies and more than 20 more video game titles . It is the second most successfulvideo game franchise of all time  Mario is first  with more than 207 million games sold worldwide . Their recent titles , "  HeartGold " and "  SoulSilver , " have sold 8.4 million copies worldwide , including 2.2 million in the U.S. , since their release in March 2010 . JC Smith , director of marketing for Pokémon , says the lasting draw of the game is its characters and storyline . "  The games provide a type of way to experience the world -- the story of adventure , training , being the best , " Smith said . "  It is a compelling world that draws players in . " Smith said the franchise allows players to play seriously but still have fun . He said there are players who like the strategy and the competition of the battle as well as collectors who enjoy exploring the vast Pokémon world in an attempt to "  catch them all . " Junior Champ Wade Stanley said he just thought it was fun . "  I 've been playing for about three years and I 'm 11 years old now , " Stanley said . "  It just looked good for my age at the time and I was just having fun . " Senior Champ Wesley Morioka "  blames " his uncle and aunt for getting him hooked on Pokémon 11 years ago . "  I received my first GameBoy as a present from my uncle and aunt from Texas when we went down to visit them , " Morioka said . "  As we started to play the games we got with it , we decided to stop at a store to buy other games and we saw Pokémon and decided to buy it . " Both Stanley and Morioka said they put a lot of thought into their Pokémon teams for the competitions and practice against older siblings because no one their own ages will play them . "  The only person who will battle is my sister , Tiffany , " who is 17 , Stanley said . "  Because everyone else is going to lose . " Morioka thinks he 's put in about 2,000 to 3,000 hours of actual game play over the past 11 years , not counting time spent researching , planning and practicing . He said battling against unknown people makes the game fun for him . "  I love the whole anticipation for upcoming tournaments and to see how the training , time , and effort finish at the end of the day , " he said . Smith said the competitions give the kids a sense of purpose for all the hours of play they put into Pokémon . At the events , the kids enjoy being around people who love the same thing they do . "  The depth of the game is unbelievable , " Smith said . "  Side quests , collecting , there is just so much to keep you entertained and -LSB- make you -RSB- fall in love with the characters . " Last year , Jeremiah Fan of San Jose , California , defeated Japan 's Santa Ito for first place in the Junior Division . In Senior Division , Japanese champion Kazuyuki Tsuji beat teammate Tasuku Mano for first place . Morioka was confident about bringing home the Senior Division trophy , but Stanley was a little less confident about his chances for the Juniors title . "  I feel like I 'm going to get matched up against the Japanese who always do well , " he said . "  But I 'm going to prepare and I 'm going to be ready . " Pokémon has been holding championship tournaments for its video game version and the trading card version since 2004 .	Hawaii will play host to hundreds hoping to be world Pokémon video game champions Pokémon launched in 1996 in Japan , two years later in the United States U.S. champ has put in as many as 3,000 hours on Pokémon , is confident he can win worlds Creators say Pokémon games appeal to serious and casual players alike
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- A Moroccan man accused of plotting a suicide bomb attack on the U.S. Capitol pleaded guilty Friday afternoon to a charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction against government property . In the plea agreement , Amine El Khalifi , 29 , agreed to a prison sentence with a maximum of 25 to 30 years . If he had been convicted in a trial , he could have been sentenced to life behind bars . U.S. District Judge James Cacheris set a sentencing date of September 14 . El Khalifi came to the courtroom wearing a jail jumpsuit with the word "  prisoner " stenciled on the back . He was not in restraints . He appeared relaxed and politely answered the judge when asked to confirm his guilty plea and other questions . The judge accepted the plea and found him guilty . El Khalifi was arrested February 17 as the result of an FBI sting operation . According to a statement of facts signed by El Khalifi , he accepted what he thought was a suicide vest containing explosives and a MAC-10 automatic gun . He put on the vest and was quickly taken into custody as he attempted to leave a parking garage and walk toward the Capitol building . "  Unbeknownst to El Khalifi , both the weapon and the bomb had been rendered inoperable by law enforcement , " according to court documents . El Khalifi told an undercover FBI agent and another man assisting law enforcement agents that he intended to use the MAC-10 to "  shoot people before detonating the bomb . " El Khalifi thought he was working with al Qaeda , but a man referred to in court documents as "  Yusuf " was an undercover agent . U.S. officials said El Khalifi had been closely monitored , and the public was never in danger . The U.S. officials also said he was not connected to terrorists and was working alone . According to the statement of facts , El Khalifi changed his mind about what to target and at various points had considered hitting a restaurant , a military installation and a synagogue . He finally decided to try to blow himself up in the Capitol , according to the court document , and said "  he would be happy killing 30 people . " El Khalifi admitted performing surveillance at the Capitol and asking an associate named Hussien who was secretly assisting law enforcement to remotely detonate the bomb if El Khalifi ran into problems with security officers . "  He absolutely was the real deal , " U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said after the court hearing . MacBride said El Khalifi chose his targets and weapons , thought he was a working with al Qaeda and wanted to carry out "  the first-ever suicide attack in the U.S. " FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge Bryan Paarmann said El Khalifi is another yet another homegrown extremist , although he did not offer a theory on why he became radicalized . According to Paarmann , El Khalifi "  had the intent , the disposition and the desire " to commit acts of violence . El Khalifi came to the United States in June 1999 on a B2 visa , which allows visitors for tourism and medical treatment . But U.S. officials said El Khalifi 's visa expired the same year , and he has been in the country illegally ever since . A condition of El Khalifi 's plea agreement is that he will be deported to Morocco after he serves his prison sentence .	Amine El Khalifi , 29 , was arrested February 17 as the result of an FBI sting operation He was closely monitored , and the public was never in danger , U.S. officials say He "  devised the plot , the targets and the methods on his own , " a U.S. official says
LifeWire  -- Like 20 - or 30-something singles , older men and women are dating and embracing their sexuality . But many older singles -- some of whom have already been down the aisle -- are n't looking to exchange their single status for a band of gold . Some older Americans are looking for companionship rather than marriage . "  We are not aiming for great changes in the second half of life , but looking for fulfillment in who we are now , " says Sharon Romm , a Seattle-based psychiatrist and author of "  Dating After 50 : Negotiating the Minefields of Midlife Romance . " "  Not everyone wants another marriage . Someone might want a companion for going to concerts on Saturday night and not much more . Others might absolutely want -- or not want -- sex as part of another relationship . " Dating dynamics More than a third of Americans over 50 are divorced , widowed , separated or have never married , according to a tally of statistics released in 2006 by the U.S. Census Bureau . "  Many over 50 are no longer looking for that one person , that ` soul mate ' , " says Dr. Philip Belove , a marriage and family therapist based in Bellows Falls , Vermont , who specializes in midlife relationships issues . "  If you have a life that you like and things you want to do and interests to pursue , maybe you do n't want to sacrifice some of those priorities in order to be someone else 's soul mate . " This sentiment does n't just apply to confirmed bachelors , either . For many women , their careers and hobbies rank higher on their priority list than do romantic relationships , according to Belove . As Margaret Murchie , a 52-year-old realtor in Honolulu , Hawaii , a self-proclaimed independent woman who dates but has never been married , puts it simply , "  They have to make me happier than I am now on my own . " A 2003 AARP study of 3,501 singles aged 40 to 69 showed that about one-third of those surveyed were either in a relationship or dating one person exclusively . A comparable percentage had dated one or more people in the previous three years . But of those who were dating , just 8 percent listed "  to find someone to marry " as their reason for doing so . Indeed , 49 percent said they were simply looking for someone "  to talk to and do things with . " Of course , dating is n't always easy , particularly for those who may be dipping back into the dating pool after years on the sidelines . But there are many ways for older Americans to meet and get to know one another , many geared specifically to their cohort : • Online dating and social networking sites , like BOOMj.com , SeniorFriendFinder.com , Match.com and eHarmony.com help seniors find like-minded people with whom they can connect . • Travel programs , such as Elderhostel offer learning adventures worldwide . • Volunteer programs , like the Senior Corps , connect those with community service programs in need . • Competitive and recreational sports programs , such as Sports for Active Seniors in Madison , Wisconsin , and the West Virginia Senior Sports Classic , target active older adults . • Institutes of higher education , such as The Ohio State University 's Program 60 or the University of North Florida 's Learning for a Lifetime , offer tuition waivers or discounted classes for seniors . Sexual evolution or revolution ? Just as older Americans are n't letting the years stop them from dating , they 're not letting it end their sex lives , either . Many of the 3,005 U.S. adults aged 57 to 85 surveyed for a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine  NEJM  reported having sex at least once within the past year : Among the oldest group of sexually active adults , 54 percent were having sex at least twice a month , while 23 percent reported engaging in sex at least once a week . The study published August 23 defines sex very loosely to include mutual activity that does n't require intercourse . "  It is time that our society 's traditional thinking that disconnects old age and sex be revisited , " says Ruth S. Jacobowitz , author of "  150 Most-Asked Questions About Midlife Sex , Love , and Intimacy . " "  We 're all living longer , so our needs to relate sexually are lasting longer . " But older Americans who are sexually active face health issues , too . • Although HIV/AIDS is a threat to Americans of all ages , about 19 percent of Americans infected with HIV/AIDS are 50 or older , according to the U.S. government 's National Institute on Aging  NIA  . The NIA does n't break down transmission rates among this demographic -- for example , through drug use , heterosexual or homosexual contact -- but the institute does point out that older adults in general tend to know less than younger Americans about how HIV/AIDS is transmitted and the necessity of using condoms . They are also less likely to be tested for the disease . • Aging can affect sexual performance . Both men and women may find that it takes longer to become aroused as they grow older , according to the National Institutes of Health  NIH  . This may be caused by health problems like heart disease , by medications being taken to treat health conditions , or simply by stress or concerns about a changing appearance as one ages . • The NIH notes that women in the midst of menopause , which causes estrogen levels to decline , may experience pain during intercourse . Contrary to a commonly held assumption , however , a study by the New England Research Institute and the University of Massachusetts Medical School in 2000 found that lower estrogen levels did not lower a woman 's libido . • In men , aging can cause impotence . About 5 percent of men aged 40 report having this problem , and it increases to about 15 percent of men aged 70 , according to the Massachusetts Male Aging Study . E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Jocelyn Voo is a freelance journalist and relationships editor at the New York Post .	Some Americans over 50 prefer dating to marriage Census : Third are divorced , widowed , separated or never married Survey : Many older people are sexually active
CNN  Two Muslims were burnt alive and another beaten to death in eastern India following the murder of a Hindu man . Muslim-owned houses in a village in Bihar state 's Muzaffarpur district were attacked and set on fire Sunday after the body of a Hindu man , reported missing since January 11 , was discovered in a field , police spokesman Gupteshwar Pandey told CNN . The victim 's father claimed his son was abducted for an apparent relationship with a Muslim woman , Pandey said . At least 14 arrests have been made so far , Pandey said . Muslims make up almost 13 % of India 's 1.2 billion mainly Hindu population . But the two communities have a history of violent -- occasionally deadly -- clashes . In 2002 , more than 50 people were killed in the western state of Gujarat after a train carrying Hindu pilgrims was set alight , allegedly by local Muslims . Eleven people were sentenced to death and 20 others were jailed for life for their roles in the attack , which sparked days of rioting across the region that left more than 1,000 people dead . In September 2013 , more than 60 people -- most of them Muslim -- died during sectarian rioting in the Muzaffarnagar district of Uttar Pradesh state .	Three Muslims killed in attacks following the murder of a Hindu man in India 's Bihar state Victim 's father claims his son was abducted for relationship with Muslim woman , police say India 's Muslim and Hindu communities have a history of violent clashes
CNN  -- At least 12 people were killed and dozens were injured Wednesday in separate attacks in Afghanistan , including an insurgent assault near a post for coalition and Afghan forces , local authorities said . In the eastern Afghan city of Ghazni , insurgents killed at least six civilians and two Afghan troops -- and injured 57 other people -- in an attack near a Provincial Reconstruction Team compound Wednesday afternoon , the provincial governor , Mosa Khan Akbarzada , said . The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack , Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said . The assault began when a suicide bomber detonated his car near the PRT compound , according to Akbarzada . Then six attackers opened fire on Afghan troops , he said . Most of the casualties were women and children , according to Akbarzada . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force confirmed the attack involved a a suicide vehicle bomb , indirect fire and small arms fire . It declined to say whether its personnel were injured . Earlier Wednesday , in a suicide car bomber killed four people and injured 15 more in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province , a government official said . The attacker rammed his car , laden with explosives , into a military convoy in Lashkargah , Helmand province spokesman Omar Zwak said . He believes the bomber was targeting foreign soldiers , but all who died were civilians , he said . CNN is seeking comment from the ISAF on possible coalition casualties . There has been no claim of responsibility for the Helmand attack . Roadside blasts in Helmand province , which is in southern Afghanistan , killed eight people earlier this month . Wednesday 's attacks came a day after Taliban fighters opened fire on coalition fuel trucks in southwest Afghanistan , killing six drivers and injuring 10 other people , according to a local official . At least 40 of the ISAF vehicles burned in the attack in Farah province , said provincial government spokesman Abdullrahman Zhwandai . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the Farah attack . Civilian casualties in Afghanistan increased 23 % in the first six months of this year , the United Nations said in a report released at the end of July . The increase in deaths and injuries so far this year was mainly driven by the stepped-up use of improvised explosive devices , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said in its report . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Taliban claims responsibility for attack that killed at least 8 people in Ghazni 4 killed when car laden with explosives rams a military convoy in Helmand province Civilian deaths in Afghanistan have surged due to improvised explosive devices , U.N. says Gunmen shot a convoy of fuel trucks , killing 6 drivers in Farah province on Tuesday
CNN  -- After posting a series of disturbing tweets about rape , musician CeeLo Green has returned with a 140-character apology . The controversy started last weekend after Green pleaded no contest Friday to one felony count of giving a woman the drug Ecstasy at a dinner in 2012 . The woman also accused Green of sexually assaulting her , but prosecutors concluded at an October 2013 hearing there was insufficient evidence for a charge . CeeLo Green accused of giving woman Ecstasy , but DA declines rape charge According to Billboard , Green aired his thoughts about the case Sunday on Twitter . "  If someone is passed out they 're not even WITH you consciously ! so WITH Implies consent , " he tweeted in a post that 's since been deleted but was preserved by a Twitter user . "  Women who have really been raped REMEMBER !!! " At first , Green deleted those remarks and attempted to offer an explanation . "  Let me 1st praise god for exoneration fairness & freedom ! Secondly I sincerely apologize for my comments being taken so far out of context , " Green tweeted Monday . "  I only intended on a healthy exchange to help heal those who love me from the pain I had already caused from this . Please forgive me , as it was your support that got me thru this to begin with . I 'd never condone the harm of any women . Thank you . " CeeLo Green leaving ` The Voice ' Yet those messages , captured by Billboard , were soon gone too as Green appeared to shut down his Twitter account altogether . By Tuesday , the "  Crazy " singer had returned , this time keeping his commentary brief : "  I truly and deeply apologize for the comments attributed to me on Twitter . Those comments were idiotic , untrue and not what I believe , " he said Tuesday . That mea culpa arrived just as TBS , which shares a parent company with CNN , canceled Green 's new reality show , "  The Good Life . " An online petition urged the network to end the program after Green 's tweets , but a source from TBS told CNN the series was n't picked up for a second season due to low ratings . CNN has also reached out to Green for comment . CNN 's Alan Duke , Topher Gauk-Roger and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Singer issues an apology on Twitter for remarks he made about rape CeeLo Green came under fire for tweeting controversial comments He deleted the tweets and initially appeared to have shut down his Twitter account
Editor 's Note : Arsalan Iftikhar is an international human rights lawyer , founder of TheMuslimGuy.com , and contributing editor for Islamica magazine in Washington . Arsalan Iftikhar says Obama made progress in improving relations with Muslim world . CNN  -- Opening the Muslim-world leg of the "  Audacity of Hope " world tour with the universal Islamic greeting "  Assalamu alaikum "  May peace be with you  to thunderous applause , President Obama began his long-awaited major address by going straight to many of our pressing geopolitical issues . He spoke from the hallowed halls of Cairo University in the heart of one of the largest Islamic capitals in the world . From beginning to end , President Obama 's speech was a concert of enlightenment compared to President George W. Bush 's famous farewell news conference in the Muslim world  which resulted in two Iraqi size-10 shoes being boomeranged toward his head  . From the issues of violent Muslim extremism to the growth of the neo-racism known worldwide as Islamophobia ; from Israel-Palestine to his overall Iraq and "  Af-Pak "  Afghanistan-Pakistan  strategy , President Obama successfully used his Cairo speech to lay out his framework for several key foreign policy issues . Additionally , with major sections of his address covering women 's rights , democratic reforms and nuclear weapons , President Obama devoted much of his 40-plus-minute speech to offering concrete and tangible policy initiatives that he plans to implement in the near future . He talked about his plan "  to invest $ 1.5 billion each year over the next five years to partner with Pakistanis to build schools and hospitals , roads and businesses " to help the countless number of internally displaced persons caught in the fighting in Pakistan . Similarly , for Afghanistan , he outlined that we will be "  providing more than $ 2.8 billion to help Afghans develop their economy and deliver services that people depend upon . " Aside from his concrete foreign policy proposals and tangible development initiatives , President Obama spent much of his Cairo address highlighting the "  common aspirations " of the United States and the Muslim world . He surprisingly cited the Holy Quran at least four times in his speech and noted that the first American Muslim elected to the U.S. Congress , Keith Ellison of Minnesota , "  took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Quran that one of our Founding Fathers -- Thomas Jefferson -- kept in his personal library . " Wow , that is quite a change from your past political interactions with Muslims , Mr. President . As most Muslim-Americans vividly remember , during the 2008 presidential election , when certain nasty and xenophobic right-wing elements in America tried to paint Obama as some kind of "  crypto-Muslim " Manchurian candidate , we did not see then-candidate Obama go , even once , within 12 feet of an American mosque entrance or Muslim political campaign event . During the 2008 presidential election , the "  Muslim " insinuation against Obama became so radioactive that two American Muslim women in Michigan were asked to sit out of camera range at an Obama campaign event in Detroit by campaign volunteers in June 2008 simply because the two women wore hijab , the traditional headscarf . But I guess when in Cairo addressing the greater Muslim world , an American president has to be wise enough to talk , and walk , like an Egyptian . On the essential need for a diplomatic , peaceful and final resolution to the Palestinian-Israeli situation , President Obama reaffirmed his commitment to a two-state solution on the condition that "  Hamas must put an end to violence " and that "  the United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements . " By successfully addressing the major foreign policy issues affecting much of the Islamic world today , President Obama has succeeded in positioning the United States closer to a rapprochement or political détente with the Muslim world . The Obama administration can bring some further resonance to the president 's eloquent words by making sure that key administration players like Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Richard Holbrooke and George Mitchell -- Obama 's special envoys for the Af-Pak and Israeli-Palestinian portfolios , respectively -- further carry out the president 's foreign policy agenda . . Finally , in the spirit of his event , President Obama concluded his remarkable Cairo address by highlighting the individual mandates for peace in each of the major Abrahamic religions . He said that , "  The Holy Quran tells us , ' O mankind ! We have ... made you into nations and tribes so that you may know one another . ' ... The Talmud tells us : ` The whole of the Torah is for the purpose of promoting peace . ... ' " "  The Holy Bible tells us , ` Blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called sons of God . ' ... The people of the world can live together in peace . We know that is God 's vision . Now , that must be our work here on Earth . " Amen , Mr. President . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar .	Arsalan Iftikhar : Obama speech addressed key geopolitical issues He says president made progress toward detente with Muslim world . Iftikhar : As candidate , Obama avoided mosques and other Muslim symbols He says Obama should make sure his staff follows up on foreign policy issues
CNN  -- A frail , elderly black man holding a thick , leather-bound Bible stood on the curb within earshot of Ferguson police . The cloud of tear gas that had recently chased away protesters had all but dissipated , though its effects could still be felt . "  We 're supposed to love one another , " he said between coughs . "  We 're supposed to love . " Not far over his head a string of Christmas lights with the words "  Seasons Greetings " glowed . In a few days the city 's festival of lights is scheduled to take place , complete with a parade . But now , another round of canisters of tear gas shoots out . Yelling , screaming and gunshots follow . I doubt the festival happens this year . "  Burn this bitch down , burn this bitch down " could be heard from the crowd that gathered in front of the city 's police station as it became apparent Officer Darren Wilson would not be indicted . Quietly , residents had suspected that would be the outcome . But they still had hope . Now , only sadness . And anger . Because another unarmed young man of color has been gun downed by police , and the person responsible for his killing will not be punished for his action . This is n't a tragedy or a mistake or a misunderstanding . This is a problem -- one that continues to plague this country because of the understandable lack of trust between minorities and police combined with the general lack of empathy between blacks and whites when it comes to cases such as these . In a recent CNN poll , half of whites who responded answered either "  almost none " or "  none " of the police in their areas are prejudiced against blacks , while 35 % of nonwhites held that view . A USA Today study found at least 70 police departments nationwide arrested blacks at a rate 10 times higher than nonblacks . Furthermore , "  only 173 of the 3,538 police departments USA Today examined arrested black people at a rate equal to or lower than other racial groups . " This is n't a coincidence or a fluke . This is a problem too many whites do n't see , and too many blacks are besieged by . I have literally lost count the number of times I have been stopped by police , but I remember the first time one drew his gun and pointed it at me . I was 12 , walking home from the store with a gallon of milk . He said I looked like someone they were looking for . I 've looked like that person ever since . The scenes in Ferguson on Monday night reminded me of the climactic scene in the 1989 Spike Lee film , "  Do the Right Thing . " After police officers kill an unarmed black man , the main character , in his frustrations , tosses a garbage can through the window of a local business . A riot boils over and the audience is left with a bit of a cinematic Rorschach test -- what triggered the violence , the broken window or the man killed by police ? Too many times the criminal justice system tells black people our lives do not matter . That 's why Ferguson was not alone in its demonstrations Monday night . We 've seen the not so subtle , dehumanizing reminders play out so many times this year alone -- reminders that the rules do n't apply to people of color and whites in quite the same way . Back in August , for example , KDVR-TV reported 18-year-old Steve Lohner walked the streets of Aurora , Colorado -- the scene of the horrific 2012 movie theater shootings -- with a loaded shotgun around his shoulder . Though Colorado is an open carry state , the 911 calls poured in . Police arrived and calmly asked the teen for his ID . He refused , saying he was carrying the gun "  for the defense of myself and those around me . " On the video the teen captured during the confrontation , an officer speaks to him with his hands down , tucked in his belt -- and not on his gun . Do you honestly believe a black teenager would have the same experience ? Especially when you consider that same month , in Ohio -- also an open carry state -- a 911 call was made about a man with a gun in Walmart . Store surveillance video shows John Crawford III picking up a pellet gun in the toy department before stopping by the pet supplies aisle . He was on the phone with the mother of his two children . Within seconds of police entering the store he was shot , according to news reports . Another example -- in March , police in Louisiana said Victor White III , with his hands cuffed behind him , pulled out a gun and shot himself in the back , committing suicide . Six months later , the coroner report reportedly states the fatal bullet entered through his chest and that the gunpowder residue found was not consistent with a close-range shooting . And the list could go on . And on . We still have a race problem in this country . And too many of us work harder at denying race has anything to do with the world we live in today than listening and empathizing with those who are hurting . But tell me , at what point will the kinds of killings that we are seeing time after time after time across this country be described as what they are ? Racism . Not the explicit Ku Klux Klan variety captured in sensational footage in documentaries , but the implicit prejudice . The kind that apparently sees a photo of a black police officer greeting his fraternity brother and interpreting their hand gestures as gang signs . A study in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology found that police officers view black children as less innocent than their white counterparts . That 's not an unfortunate "  situation . " That 's a problem . This condition makes it possible for police to approach a 12-year-old boy sitting on a swing in the park with a BB gun and moments later shoot him twice in the torso -- an incident reported in The Washington Post this week . "  The officer had no clue he was a 12-year-old , " Cleveland Police Patrolman 's Association President Jeff Follmer reportedly told WKYC-TV . Of course not . The Department of Justice provides $ 400 million in grants to police departments around the country . Sherrilyn Ifill , president of the NAACP , said she believes this money should come with strings attached such as body cameras , de-escalation tactics and training around explicit and implicit bias . "  What we have continued to see linger is the perception of young African-American men as dangerous and criminal , " Ifill told Brown Political Review . "  Until we begin to reverse this perception , and until all Americans -- white Americans in particular -- believe in the humanity of black people , we will continue to have these incidents of violence . " But first , we all have to have the courage to admit the country has a problem , not just for minorities , but for all of us . Talking about race does not instantly mean someone is a racist or race-baiter . It could mean he or she is aware of the world -- and its problems -- and not afraid to talk about them . What we are talking about are not accidents , or tragedies or misunderstandings , but a problem . That is , of course , unless you believe the tension in Ferguson is an anomaly -- that you can shoot yourself in the chest with your hands cuffed behind your back or that hundreds of armed black men could point guns at police , threaten to kill them and moments later everyone goes their separate way without incident . Did n't think so .	LZ Granderson : Cases like Ferguson indicate U.S. has a problem , not misunderstanding Granderson says he has lost count of the number of times police have stopped him We all have to have the courage to admit the country has a race problem , he says
CNN  -- The Kills celebrated the 10th anniversary of their first live gig with a concert/blowout party in New York this past weekend . Other rockers might not remember the exact date of their first gig , but it 's easy for singer Alison Mosshart to recall : She has the date tattooed on her hand . You probably have n't heard the Kills on the radio . But you may have heard their songs on TV shows like "  House , " "  True Blood , " and "  Cops " and not known it . And if you 're into more mainstream rock , or celebrity gossip , you 've probably read about Mosshart and co-Kill Jamie Hince for other reasons . Mosshart moonlights as the lead singer for one of Jack White 's two post-White Stripes bands , the Dead Weather . Hince married supermodel Kate Moss last year in a wedding breathlessly covered by the British press . Despite their busy lives outside the Kills , Mosshart and Hince still passionately focus on the band that changed their lives . Hince said when the duo started as "  an odd two-piece social group ... I think our souls knew we would still be doing it -LSB- 10 years later -RSB- , but I do n't think our brains did . " "  This band might never be a global phenomenon , but it 's the most successful thing in the world to me , " Hince said . Serendipity brought the two together . When Florida native Mosshart was touring Britain with her band , they stayed in a London flat that happened to be below Hince 's apartment . "  I 'd be making a noise , playing guitar and stuff , and unbeknownst to me , she was outside my window , listening , " Hince recalled , "  When we actually first spoke , she probably knew a lot more about me than I realized , because she 'd been sort of listening to me playing for about a week . " Mosshart soon moved to London to join forces with Hince , but there was one problem : She did n't play an instrument . "  We presumed we would be a normal band with this orthodox band set up , with a drummer and a keyboard player and a bass player , " Hince said . "  While we were talking about it , we 'd also be writing songs together . Then , we 'd talk further about what kind of drummer we wanted . Then , we 'd play some more music . A week would go by , and two weeks . Then , a month , and two months . And we 'd got a mountain of songs and we listened back to ourselves , and it sounded like a band , and we just stopped talking about meeting other people . " Mosshart said sounding like a band was n't so easy at first , "  He kind of had to re-learn guitar entirely because of me , because we were a two-piece band and I did n't know how to play anything . So , he had to develop this guitar style that was like playing bass and guitar at the same time to compensate for me . " Ten years later , Mosshart plays guitar , drums , and keyboards in concert , as well as ferociously prowling the stage as the lead singer . While the Kills are incorporating two drummers into some songs on their current tour , they play many tunes the way they 're created on record , with just the two Kills and a drum machine . Mosshart worries that opens up a lot of possibilities for error on stage . "  Two of us playing to a drum machine is like walking a tightrope , because if you take the wrong turn at any point , you 're off , and you 're off somewhere all by yourself ... and that 's kind of it for the song , " she said . Despite those fears , you should n't expect to hear ornate orchestration in any Kills songs anytime soon . "  I think it 's more important what you leave out of a song than what you put in it , " Hince said . "  The only thing you need on a song is that attitude and that burning electricity . You do n't need layers of music or , you know , a thousand drums , or string sections . You do n't even need an electric guitar to be electric . " "  I think that minimalist sound is really attractive to us , just kind of instinctually , " Mosshart added . "  We 'll try a lot of things and we usually get rid of almost everything . We just kind of leave the stuff that we think is important , because it sounds the best to us . " That minimalism has been a hallmark of edgy rock bands for more than 45 years , since the Velvet Underground , the "  house band " for Andy Warhol 's Factory in the '60s , "  created " the sound . When Hince and Mosshart first met , they bonded over a shared love of the Warhol scene . "  All that time was so romantic and beautiful , because there were n't a bunch of bands that were part of the scene . There were n't a bunch of artists that were part of the scene . It was just the Velvet Underground and these kinds of freaks , and these people with fake names , and these drag queens , and Andy Warhol , and then , these photographers , " Mosshart said . "  That appealed to us so much , because that 's kind of what we grew up doing . We wanted to do everything . We did n't just want to do one thing . We did n't just want to be in a band . We did n't just want to be artists . " The Kills display multimedia skills , producing artwork and photos for their CD jackets , creating pamphlets of Polaroids to hand out at concerts and even generating the concepts for many of their music videos . The disturbing video for 2008 's "  Last Day of Magic " depicts the couple beating each other in back alleys and bedrooms . A lot of articles over the years have alluded to sexual tension between Hince and Mosshart , but both insist romance has never been part of their dynamic . "  I think it 's really difficult for people to see a friendship -- not just a friendship between a man and a woman , but a creative , productive relationship . People do find it really hard to see that it could be possible , without there being some kind of regular love interest around it , " Hince said . "  I always wanted to be in this kind of creative , artistic relationship that was beyond anything else , and it 's like we willed it . We kind of yearned for it and we willed it , and we got it . " They also yearned for -- and are getting -- more mainstream recognition . "  It 's incredible when you go somewhere like South America and kids are going bananas to you and you 've never been there before , " Hince said . "  Equally , when Rolling Stone names this band I still see as this little sort of underground band , names -LSB- the Kills ' latest album Blood Pressures -RSB- as one of the best albums of -LSB- 2011 -RSB- , it means the world to me . " "  I have this very strong feeling that we need to be part of the world , " Mosshart said . "  If you 're not , what are you doing ? "	The Kills are Alison Mosshart and Jamie Hince The pair are known for both their music and personal lives They also produce artwork and photos for their CD jackets
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least five people were killed and 30 others wounded Friday after a bombing outside a Sunni mosque in northeastern Baghdad , police said . The blast took place as worshippers were leaving the mosque in the al-Rashidiya neighborhood following Friday prayers , police said . There has been an uptick in violence lately between Shiites and Sunni Arabs , and the persistent tensions have stoked widespread fears that the simmering hostilities , which raged during the Iraq War , could morph into a civil war . Since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's government , Sunni Arabs have been politically marginalized , and Shiites , who represent a majority of Iraqis , have emerged with more power . There have been protests for months by Sunni Arabs against the Shiite-led government and its prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki . The anger has escalated since a confrontation last week between police and protesters in Hawija . More people died violently in Iraq in April than in any other month since June 2008 , the United Nations said Thursday . A total of 712 people died and 1,633 more sustained injuries "  in acts of terrorism and acts of violence , " the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq said . Civilians made up most of the victims -- 595 -- and 1,438 civilians were injured . READ MORE : Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode READ MORE : April the deadliest month in Iraq in 5 years	The mosque is in northeastern Baghdad There 's been an upsurge in sectarian violence in Iraq April was the deadliest month in nearly five years , United Nations says
Near Suruc , Turkey  CNN  -- Iraqi-Kurdish Peshmerga fighters began arriving in the besieged northern Syrian city of Kobani from Turkey , two witnesses said Thursday , starting what analysts call a largely symbolic reinforcement of fellow Kurds defending the town from ISIS . About 10 Peshmerga fighters entered Kobani from the Turkish border in two vehicles , an activist and a Syrian Kurd fighter told CNN by phone . The 10 are among about 160 Peshmerga troops that are expected to arrive in Kobani after traveling from Iraq through Turkey , bringing heavy weapons , artillery and gear to help Syrian Kurds in a battle against ISIS for control of the border town . ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist militant group , has been fighting to take Kobani for about six weeks , hoping to add it to the territory it already captured in parts of Syria and Iraq for what it calls its new independent Islamic nation . Syria has been embroiled in a three-year civil war , with government troops battling ISIS and other rebels elsewhere , leaving Kobani 's ethnic Kurds to defend the city , with U.S. airstrikes -- part of a larger U.S.-led coalition effort against ISIS in the region -- intermittently taking out ISIS targets in the area . The supplies and troops , though roughly an infantry company-sized contingent , would boost Kobani 's defenders somewhat , given that they 've seen few reinforcements since ISIS ' siege of the city began in mid-September . The Peshmerga troops join about 200 Syrian rebels who , according to Syrian rebel commander Col. Abdul Jabar , entered Kobani at dawn Wednesday . Peshmerga troops -- Kurds who defend northern Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region -- are no strangers to ISIS , having battled them often this year as the militant group tries to expand its Iraqi territory . Tens of thousands of civilians fled Kobani and surrounding areas into Turkey to avoid the fighting . What impact will the Peshmerga fighters have ? Though the Syrian Kurds will welcome the Peshmerga , the troop movement does n't necessarily signal a major shift in the fight , analysts say . "  In terms of a major war that 's of some significance to U.S. national security , the arrival of 150 militiamen to an area is probably not of tectonic significance , " Steve Biddle , a senior fellow with the Council on Foreign Relations , told CNN Wednesday . Most tacticians consider Kobani to be of little inherent strategic interest in the fight against ISIS , Washington Institute defense fellow Jeff White said Wednesday . The city has attracted a lot of international media attention , in part because it lies just across the border from Turkey , giving journalists a clear vantage point to report on the battle there . ISIS is also reinforcing its contingent in Kobani , White said , setting out the prospect of a protracted fight over the city . But there is some military significance , analysts say . The fight for Kobani continues to give U.S. and allied forces the opportunity to bloody ISIS there , and to keep its forces tied up , White said . "  As long as the city does n't fall , it works to the advantage of the U.S. strategy , " he said . "  The ISIS guys who are fighting in the city are n't available to fight somewhere else . " The Turkish role With ISIS controlling the Syrian land surrounding Kobani , the Peshmerga 's easiest path into the city was through Turkey . And Turkey 's decision to let the Peshmerga traverse Turkish territory represented a major policy shift . The Syrian Kurdish fighters , part of the People 's Protection Units , or YPG , have ties to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought a 30-year guerrilla war against the government of Turkey , where about 20 % of the population is Kurdish . Turkey , the European Union and United States consider the PKK a terrorist organization . Earlier this month , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the Syrian Kurdish and ISIS militants were "  terrorists . " The Turkish government also has bristled at the United States ' efforts to parachute weapons , ammunition and medicine to YPG fighters . But while Turkey did nothing to intervene in Kobani , Kurds protested in Turkish streets . More than 30 people were killed in cities across the country this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups , as well as Turkish police . CNN 's Raja Razek reported from near Suruc , Turkey , and CNN 's Michael Pearson and Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Gul Tuysuz , Ivan Watson and Zeynep Bilginsoy contributed to this report .	About 10 of an expected 160 Peshmerga fighters enter Kobani , sources say Kobani has been under ISIS attack since September The arrival of Peshmerga fighters is symbolic , but not a major development , analyst says
CNN  -- The U.S. government on Wednesday refused to stop force-feeding prisoners at the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , during Ramadan . In court papers rejecting a petition by detainees , the United States said the feedings provide "  essential nutrition and medical care " and do not interfere with the detainees ' religious fasting during Ramadan , the holy month that begins on the evening of July 8 . The tube-feedings will take place in the early morning and late evening to help detainees comply with Ramadan restrictions , said Navy Capt. Robert Durand , spokesman for the detention facility . Shaker Aamer , Ahmed Belbacha , Nabil Hadjarab and Abu Wa'el Dhiab filed a lawsuit Sunday arguing that the feedings violate the Ramadan daily fast from dawn to sunset . U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler had set a deadline of noon Wednesday for the government to respond . Lt. Col Todd Breasseale , a Pentagon spokesman , said the military has changed force-feeding times at Guantanamo during Ramadan for years , but doing so "  is an accommodation , not a right . " Of the 166 prisoners at Guantanamo , 106 are on hunger strike , Breasseale said . In its court filing , the U.S. Justice Department also denied claims that it was giving the drug Reglan to the detainees . Gitmo hunger strikers : ` What more can they do to me ? ' Daily life at Gitmo : Hunger strikes , sprays of filth CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The military says prisoners will be force-fed in the early morning and late evening The U.S. says the feedings provide essential nutrition and medical care Four prisoners say the feedings violate the Ramadan fast The U.S. also denies giving detainees Reglan
CNN  -- Jazz guitarist Jim Hall , who played with the jazz greats of the 20th century and influenced the younger ones , died Tuesday , his family said . He was 83 . Hall 's seven decades in music covered the evolution of modern jazz , and his role included showing that the guitar could replace the piano , said guitarist Julian Lage . Hall legitimized the guitar as an instrument in jazz and many other styles of music , he said . "  I would n't be doing what I am doing if not for him , " said Lage , 25 , who played for several years in Hall 's trio . Hall became the first jazz guitarist to be given the National Endowment for the Arts ' Jazz Masters award in 2004 . "  One of the things that made Jim so special as a player , he had a beautiful sound on the instrument , " guitarist Russell Malone told CNN on Wednesday . "  He had a really full , nice , round , sweet sound . " Hall died in his sleep of heart failure at his home in New York 's Greenwich Village early Tuesday , his wife Jane Hall told CNN . He is also survived by a daughter , Devra Hall , who acted as his manager in recent years . "  There 's not a person in the world who does n't love Jim , " his wife said . "  He was the kindest person in the world . " "  He was such a lovely human being , " Malone said . "  I might get a call anytime of the night and it would be Jim Hall at the other end of the phone laughing and telling me how much he loved me . " "  Jim was one of the most generous , kind and funny people I have ever known and those attributes were so woven into his character , " Lage said . Born in Buffalo , New York , but raised mostly in Cleveland , Ohio , Hall began playing guitar at age 10 . After graduating from the Cleveland Institute of Music , he joined the Chico Hamilton Quintet in 1955 . Hall toured South America with Ella Fitzgerald in 1960 . He joined the Sonny Rollins Quartet in 1961 , playing on Rollins ' "  The Bridge . " "  The interplay between Rollins ' fiery solos and Hall 's classic guitar runs made this one of jazz 's most essential recordings , " the National Endowments for the Arts biography of Hall said . "  It was an electric guitar , but the natural acoustic qualities of the guitar were never lost , " Malone said . "  It 's the first thing that people hear . His sound was so appealing it made you want to listen to what he was saying musically . " "  He did n't play a whole lot of notes , but he always figured a way to play the notes that counted and they always meant something , " Malone said . "  Nothing was ever wasted . " The trio Hall formed in 1965 continued performing and recording through the end of his life . People we 've lost in 2013	NEW : Jim Hall legitimized the guitar as an instrument in jazz , guitarist Julian Lage says Hall 's guitar had "  a really full , nice , round , sweet sound , " guitarist Russell Malone says "  He was the kindest person in the world , " his wife says He was the first jazz guitarist given the NEA 's Jazz Masters award
London  CNN  -- British newspapers are abuzz with speculation that Prince William 's pregnant wife Catherine is expecting a girl after a member of the public reported hearing what seemed to be a hint that a daughter is on the way . The Duchess of Cambridge was talking to people who turned out to welcome her as she visited the coastal town of Grimsby , in northeast England , on Tuesday when the apparent slip of the tongue was made . Pregnancy and privacy : Royal Catherine 's dilemma "  The lady next to me gave her a teddy bear and I distinctly heard her say : ` Thank you , I will take that for my d. . . ' Then she stopped herself , " recounted Sandra Cook , 67 . "  I said to her : ` You were going to say daughter , were n't you ? ' She said : ` No , we do n't know ' . I said : ` Oh I think you do ' , to which she said : ` We 're not telling ' . " Does royal gender slip give palace the baby blues ? Whatever Catherine , now five months pregnant , might have been meaning to say , the story has prompted a rash of headlines in UK newspapers . "  It 's a girl ! Pregnant Duchess of Cambridge drops huge hint she 's having a daughter , " proclaimed the Mirror . "  Has Kate just given the game away ? " asked the Daily Mail . Author 's description of Catherine as ` machine-made ' doll sparks angry reactions A royal source quashed the speculation , telling CNN that the duke and duchess do n't yet know the sex of their baby . Catherine , who was hospitalized with acute morning sickness in December , recently returned to public duties . The baby , who will be a great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II , is due in July . If the child does turn out to be a girl , she is destined to ascend the throne as queen one day . Planned changes to the law of succession that end the tradition of a boy taking precedence over an elder sister are already de facto in effect , the British Cabinet Office has said . The child will be next in line to the British throne after William , whose father Charles is first in line .	Pregnant Catherine 's apparent slip of the tongue prompts speculation it 's a girl The Duchess said she was taking a teddy bear "  for my d. . . , " a bystander says Prince William and Catherine have said they wo n't reveal the sex of their baby The baby , who will be a great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II , is due in July
CNN  From the world 's largest archeology museum to its biggest eco-park , 2015 is gearing up to be a whopper of a year for global tourists in search of the next big thing . Video games will finally get the kind of museum treatment typically awarded to other forms of visual art . Texas will open a Texas-sized entertainment district . And everyone 's favorite , Hello Kitty , will finally take a stab at Mickey Mouse with her own lavish theme park . Below is our cultural calendar for 2015 , highlighting the most anticipated new attractions opening around the globe . Each of these multi-million dollar projects will have a major impact on local tourism , and every one of them is sure to make headlines in the coming months . Hello Kitty Park  Zhejiang Province , China Opening date : January , 2015 This joint venture between Japan 's Sanrio Corporation and China 's Zhejiang New Insight Leisure Tourism Development opened to Hello Kitty 's adoring fans on New Year 's Day . The new attraction includes 11 themed facilities , such as performance venues , amusement rides , a luxury resort and even a grand mahjong hall . The $ 215 million project is the first Hello Kitty theme park outside of the cartoon 's native Japan and is expected to attract up to one million visitors per year . Hello Kitty Park , 1 Tianshi Ave. , Anji County , Zhejiang Province ; +86 4009 778 899 The National Videogame Arcade  Nottingham , England Opening date : March 2015 Billed as "  the world 's first cultural center for gaming , " the forthcoming National Videogame Arcade will be a hub for video game culture , with public programs , educational outreach , archives , themed galleries and interactive exhibitions spread across a five-floor building in Nottingham 's Creative Quarter . The $ 3.9 million compound will house more than 12,000 objects , and aims to "  inspire and develop the game-makers of tomorrow . " The National Videogame Arcade , 24-32 Carlton St. , Nottingham ; +44 788 763 3751 Grand Texas Sports & Entertainment District  New Caney , Texas Opening date : Spring 2015 The first components of a massive new amusement zone 30 miles northeast of Houston , Texas -- including a motorsports park , sports complex and water park -- are expected to open to the public in the spring of 2015 . The 640-acre district will eventually house seven Texas-themed attractions in total , including a shopping and entertainment complex , a multi-use event center , concert venues , a wakeboarding lake , equestrian trails , a hospitality village and the Grand Texas Amusement Park . Grand Texas Sports & Entertainment District , 23065 Highway 242 , New Caney , Texas The National Blues Museum  St. Louis , Missouri Opening date : Late 2015 Blues fans will have a good reason to smile next year when the National Blues Museum opens to the public in downtown St Louis . Backed by everyone from blues legend Buddy Guy to actor John Goodman , the $ 13.5 million complex will contain 16,000 square feet of interactive exhibition space , a 100-seat theater and a robust calendar of public programming . The National Blue Museum , 615 Washington Ave. , St. Louis , Missouri ; +1 314 231 0400 Garage Museum of Contemporary Art  Moscow Opening date : June 2015 Conceived in 2008 by Dasha Zhukova  girlfriend of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich  . the Garage Museum of Contemporary Art will finally move into its first permanent home in 2015 . Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas helped transform a Soviet-era pavilion in Gorky Park into a 58,000-square-foot art compound that will display some of the best contemporary works from Russia and beyond . Garage Museum of Contemporary Art , 9 , Krymsky Val , Gorky Park , Moscow ; +7 495 645 05 20 Eternity Passage  Beijing Opening date : Summer 2015 Eternity Passage claims it will be China 's first hi-tech amusement park , weaving Chinese history with "  technological fantasy " across two large zones  one indoor and the other open air  . The theme park is currently under construction just outside of the Chinese capital , on the route to the Great Wall , and will be part of Beijing Outlets World , a complex with outlet shopping , resort hotels and a conference center . Eternity Passage , ChangPing County , Beijing Grand Egyptian Museum  Cairo Opening date : Fall 2015 Halfway between the Pyramids of Giza and the modern city of Cairo lies an $ 800 million compound that will soon be home to 100,000 ancient artifacts spanning more than 7,000 years of history . The Grand Egyptian Museum will become the world 's largest archeological institution when it opens in the fall , and includes a conference center , training center and several archeology workshops . Its biggest draw card will no doubt be the display of more than 3,500 artifacts belonging to the famous King Tutankhamen . Grand Egyptian Museum , El Remayah Sq. , Cairo-Alex . Road , Pyramids , Giza , Egypt ; +202 33 776 893 National Gallery Singapore  Singapore Opening date : November 2015 The 689,000-square-foot National Gallery will be the largest visual arts venue in Southeast Asia when it opens in the heart of Singapore 's Civic District next year with a collection of regional art spanning from the 19th century to present day . The opening is timed to coincide with Singapore 's Golden Jubilee , and marks a fresh attempt by the city-state to position itself as an international hub of the arts . National Gallery Singapore , 1 St. Andrew 's Road ; +65 6690 9400 Funtasy Island  Riau Islands , Indonesia Opening date : Late 2015 Developers are billing this $ 240 million , 740-acre amusement zone just off the coast of Singapore in Indonesia 's Riau Islands as "  the world 's largest eco-theme park . " Eight key "  eco-zones " under construction include a multi-sensory rainforest , land - and river-based safaris , snorkel and scuba zones , an interactive dolphin habitat and an aquarium where you can swim with whale sharks . Funtasy Island , 1 Maritime Square , Harbour Front Centre , Singapore ; +65 6376 5919 Louvre Abu Dhabi  U.A.E. Opening date : December 2015 The oil-rich emirate of Abu Dhabi paid an astounding $ 525 million just to be associated with the Louvre brand , along with another $ 747 million for art loans and managerial advice . Add to the price tag the cost of the building , about $ 100 million , and you 've got yourself one of the most expensive cultural institutions ever conceived . Inside the domed structure , designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Jean Nouvel , will be 65,000 square feet of permanent installations and 22,000 square feet more set aside for temporary exhibits . Louvre Abu Dhabi , Cultural District , Abu Dhabi Renovated attractions - A project aimed at restoring Mont Saint-Michel 's original tidal character will be completed in 2015 , revitalizing both the approach to the famous Normandy abbey and the spirit of its maritime setting . - One year too late to coincide with its centennial celebrations , the Panama Canal 's $ 5.2 billion expansion project should finally be completed by December with much fanfare to mark the occasion . - With a concourse 90 feet longer than the main concourse of Grand Central Terminal further uptown , the new wing-shaped World Trade Center Transportation Hub will serve more than 200,000 daily commuters and millions of annual visors from around the globe when completed in December 2015 . - Another New York City institution , the Whitney Museum of American Art will move into its new building between the High Line and the Hudson River in May , vastly increasing its exhibition and programming space .	Louvre Abu Dhabi is one of the most expensive cultural attractions ever conceived Indonesia 's Funtasy Island will be the world 's largest eco-theme park
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congressional Republicans offered what they call a "  centrist , practical " plan to overhaul the U.S. health care system Tuesday , one they say would be the cheapest of any option proposed so far . House Republicans say their health care plan is a better package than the Senate version . Illinois Rep. Mark Kirk said the package put together by moderate Republicans in the House of Representatives would be far cheaper than a plan being drawn up in the Senate . A preliminary review of that plan by the Congressional Budget Office found it would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years to extend health insurance to 16 million people who otherwise would not be covered -- about a third of the roughly 45 million now uninsured . "  I think this plan that we put forward is more centrist , more bipartisan and would be at significantly lower cost , " Kirk said . He said no cost estimate had been prepared for the measures he put forth Tuesday , but asserted its elements would require less money from taxpayers than other proposals . The package announced by the GOP "  Tuesday Group " includes some perennial Republican favorites such as regulatory relief , an individual tax break for purchasing health insurance and limits on malpractice lawsuits . It also would encourage insurers to pool their coverage to a greater extent than currently allowed , which Kirk and other supporters say has worked well in California . But it also emphasizes preventive care , computerizing patient records and reducing "  defensive medicine " by promoting treatments proven effective -- all principles the White House has endorsed , as well . The centerpiece of the plan , Kirk said , is a "  Medical Rights Act " that would keep government out of "  decisions made by you and your doctor . " He said the plans were drawn up during four months of talks with dozens of groups , including patient advocates , doctors , nurses , employers and "  other interested groups . " The proposal came as the conservative GOP leadership in the House stepped up attacks on the proposal being drafted by Senate Democrats . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Monday 's budget office report showed "  millions of Americans " would lose their current insurance . "  President Obama says the problem with our health care is that we spend too much , and if you look at all the proposals , clearly they are going to spend trillions of dollars of additional money that we do n't have -- that we 're going to have to borrow -- in order to finance their scheme , " Boehner told reporters . The report projected that the number of people covered by employer-based health care plans would fall by about 15 million by 2017 . In the same year , about 39 million people would be covered by policies purchased through a health insurance "  exchange " of the type Obama has proposed . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters Tuesday that a bill is still being drafted and "  has many twists and turns to go . " "  One incomplete older proposal I do n't think is indicative of where we are now , " he said .	Rep. Mark Kirk says GOP proposal would be far cheaper than Senate plan Plan keeps government out of "  decisions made by you and your doctor , " Kirk said Preliminary review of Senate plan finds it would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years Robert Gibbs says bill still being drafted ; "  has many twists and turns to go "
InStyle.com  -- Ever wonder how actresses like Sienna Miller look stunning 24/7 ? Good genes , sure . But they also get a little help from their friends Sienna Miller and favorite hairstylist Adir Abergel : "  If I worried what people thought about my look , I 'd get it all wrong . " Sienna Miller and hairstylist Adir Abergel Try to talk coifs with Sienna Miller and she 'll cut you off at the pass . "  I do n't even own a hairbrush ! " she insists . "  I 'm really not too attached to my hair . " No kidding . She gamely lopped off about 10 inches to play Edie Sedgwick in Factory Girl . But the actress is much less keen to part with her hairstylist Adir Abergel , for whom she has been known to cook dinner at her London home . "  Adir gets me , " says Miller . "  He knows I never like to look too done or polished . " Her biggest challenge ? "  I 've got quite a lot of hair , but I like it flat , so Adir squashes it down for me . " To create Miller 's ideal look , Abergel flatirons her roots and combats bulkiness with Frédéric Fekkai Coiff Finishing cream . "  Sienna feels most like herself when her hair is soft and airy versus set and stylized , " he says . Still , it takes effort to appear this artfully undone . It may seem like she rolls out of bed looking glamorous , but Miller says it is not that easy : "  I 'm very much involved in how I want to look . " Eve and makeup artist JJ Jacobucci She dyed her hair platinum as a Philadelphia teenager , rose to fame as a hip-hop biker chick , and cavorted with a tiger -- and later Gwen Stefani -- on MTV . It seems like Eve was born edgy . But until recently the rapper-singer-actress clung religiously to her signature look of cat eyes , dewy skin and pale pink lips , aided by the habitual application of MAC Lipglass in Malibu Barbie  she 's also a company spokeswoman  . It was on the L.A. set of Eve 's candy-colored video for "  Tambourine "  the hit single off her fall album Here I Am  that makeup artist JJ Jacobucci motivated the star to test a new image . "  JJ recently said to me , ` Thank you for letting me experiment , ' " says Eve , referring to a Cyndi Lauper -- inspired look that involved electric-blue eye shadow . "  I have definitely opened up a lot more . " Says Jacobucci : "  We were so used to seeing her in nude lips , bronze skin and comfortable colors . I push Eve to get out of that box . " The star has lately sported hot-pink lips , chartreuse highlighter on her browbones , and blue mascara with newfound confidence . "  At first Eve was like , ` Oh my god , ' " says Jacobucci of such intense shades . "  I was like , ` Listen , trust me . I 'm going to make you look gorgeous . ' " Kate Bosworth and hairstylist Renato Campora During the last three years , hairstylist Renato Campora has seen all shades of actress Kate Bosworth . "  When I met her , she had beachy -LSB- sandy -RSB- highlights , " says Campora , who brightened up Bosworth 's Blue Crush -- era color so she looked "  more movie star , like a young Marlene Dietrich . " Campora 's platinum touch sent his number straight to Bosworth 's speed dial . "  It 's a little secret , " she says of his closet coloring abilities  he 's known primarily as a haircutter  . "  I call him months in advance ! " Naturally , she also uses him as her stylist -- it was Campora who gave her the sleek bob that solidified her status as a hair icon last year . "  She was the first one to have it , " he says . "  And then everybody did the bob . She was the inspiration . " For someone whose biggest struggle is building volume  Bosworth has "  baby angel hair , " says Campora  the bob was perfect ; her hair looked thicker , and it practically styled itself . "  I could jump out of the shower , give it a tousle and leave , " says Bosworth . Her next experiment ? "  I want to be a redhead -- a deep , Karen Elson redhead . Just to go there once . " Hilary Duff and makeup artist Rachel Goodwin When Hilary Duff first settled into Rachel Goodwin 's makeup chair in 2004 , she felt like she had found a soul mate . "  It was really instant , " says Duff , who fell head over heels for the Chanel artist 's ability to create high cheekbones , luxe lashes and pale lips . But never mind the makeovers for movie premières and music videos for her latest album , Dignity ; for Goodwin , the real test was meeting Duff 's family . "  My mom -LSB- Susan -RSB- did makeup for Neiman Marcus , so she knows what looks good and what does n't , " says Duff . Luckily , Goodwin wowed the ` rents . "  That 's when I knew it was OK -- when Susan was like , ` This is good work , ' " laughs Goodwin , who now pushes the boundaries with blue shadows and white eyeliner . "  I have really big eyes , " says Duff , "  and for the longest time I would use black eyeliner to make them look smaller . Rachel actually made them look bigger by lining them with white . I love how she makes me see myself differently . " Now when the two get together , they share more than makeup tricks . "  We see each other a couple of times a week for hours , " says Duff . "  We talk about boys , life and work . We know each other so well . It 's like a big therapy session every time . " Rachel Weisz and hairstylist Mark Townsend She may be an Oscar winner , but Rachel Weisz has little in common with her gilded statuette . "  In real life I 'm very unpolished , " says the mother of 17-month-old Henry . "  Dressing for the red carpet is fantasy time , but in my day-to-day life , I 'm very grungy . " This low-maintenance attitude has served her hair well . "  It 's in great shape , " says Matrix hairstylist Mark Townsend . "  Rachel 's hair matches her personality : It 's not overdone , not super-fussed-over . And she 's incredibly approachable and sweet . " Fearless too : In 2005 the British actress sheared her locks to a half inch to play a dying woman in The Fountain . While growing out her hair , she often donned extensions . But a year later , when Townsend suggested she wear a thicket of curly , waist-length tresses to the Oscars , the eight-months-pregnant star did n't feel so brave . "  Are you sure we need this much hair ? " Weisz asked . But Townsend soldiered on , confident in his vision . "  I wanted fullness in the back to balance out her silhouette , " he says of the baby bump/hair bump symmetry . The romantic updo proved lucky -- and prophetic . "  Now I 'm growing my hair out , " she says . "  I 've come to like it really long and unruly . " E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stars get attached to hairstylists , makeup artists they trust Rachel Weisz : "  In real life I 'm very unpolished " Hilary Duff : Sitting in Rachel Goodwin 's makeup chair is like therapy Hairstylist Renato Campora gave Kate Bosworth her sleek bob
CNN  -- A former commercial pilot has been found guilty of charges that he was intoxicated while co-piloting a flight from Austin , Texas , to Denver in 2009 , a federal prosecutor announced Tuesday . Aaron Jason Cope , 32 , was found guilty of operating a common carrier under the influence of alcohol and faces up to 15 years in prison and a fine of as much as $ 250,000 , according to a statement from John F. Walsh , U.S. attorney for the District of Colorado . The conviction was handed down by District Court Judge John R. Tunheim last week after a bench trial June 6-7 . Cope was the first officer aboard United Express Flight 7687 on the morning of December 8 , 2009 . According to court documents , the flight 's captain , Robert Obodzinski , testified that although his co-pilot "  appeared to be thinking and speaking clearly , every few minutes during the flight  Obodzinski  detected an unusual odor , which he eventually concluded was the smell of an alcoholic beverage . " When the plane arrived in Denver , Obodzinski testified , he "  leaned over and took a big whiff " and determined that the odor was coming from Cope . Cope had been the "  monitoring " pilot on the flight and thus had not manipulated the plane 's controls . However , he was scheduled to fly the Embraer 170 aircraft on the next flight . The Embraer 170 has a seating capacity of 70 to 80 people . Once Cope returned to the cockpit after conducting a post-flight inspection , Obodzinski reportedly told him , "  if you have any problem taking a Breathalyzer , call off sick and get out of here , " to which Cope replied , "  Well , I guess I better call off sick then . " Obodzinski , who had been on the phone with superiors while Cope was doing the inspection , was directed by his company to escort the co-pilot to an alcohol testing facility in Denver International Airport 's main terminal , according to trial documents . There , his blood alcohol content was found to be 0.094 % , more than twice the FAA-prohibited level of 0.04 % for any crew member of a civil aircraft . Republic Airways prohibits any crew member from working with a blood alcohol level above 0.02 % . At the testing facility , according to testimony , Cope admitted that he had gone to a bar with a friend and also bought beer from a gas station near the hotel where he , Obodzinski and two flight attendants had stayed the previous night . United Express is the name under which several regional airlines operate flights for United Airlines . Flight 7687 was operated by Shuttle America , which is a subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings .	Aaron Jason Cope , 32 , was the monitoring pilot aboard the December 2009 flight The flight 's captain detected the smell of alcohol after he "  took a big whiff " of Cope He blew a .094 on a Breathalyzer shortly after plane arrived in Denver from Austin , Texas Cope , who now faces up to 15 years in prison , was due to pilot the next flight
CNN  -- The Vatican is warning people who plan to travel to the beatification of Pope John Paul II to look out for scammers claiming to sell tickets for the ceremony . "  It is very important to make as clear as possible that no tickets are needed to attend the beatification of John Paul II , " said monsignor Guido Marini , master of Papal Liturgical Celebrations , according to Vatican Radio . As in life , John Paul is drawing huge crowds after his death . Two million pilgrims are expected to flock to the Vatican for the special Mass , which will be presided over by Pope Benedict XVI and take place in St. Peter 's Square on May 1 -- the first Sunday after Easter . But officials became concerned after hearing about "  unauthorized offers by some tour operators , especially on the Internet , " asking people to pay fees for access to the event , the Catholic News Service reported . No tickets are required for the beatification Mass of Pope John Paul II , and any papal events that do require tickets are always free , the Vatican emphasized . There has been huge interest in John Paul 's road to sainthood , with his beatification -- the first step in the process -- coming six years after his death .  That timetable is very fast in Vatican terms . Pope Benedict XVI dispensed with rules that normally impose a five-year waiting period before beatification can even start . Born Karol Wojtyla in Poland , the charismatic John Paul spent more than a quarter-century as the head of the Catholic Church . He spoke more than a dozen languages and visited more than 100 countries , setting an unheard-of pattern of pastoral travel .	Some tour operators are claiming to sell tickets for the beatification of John Paul II No tickets are needed to attend the ceremony May 1 , Vatican emphasizes 2 million pilgrims are expected to flock to St. Peter 's Square for the ceremony
CNN  -- NASA put its newest Landsat satellite into orbit on Monday , extending a long-running program that has been beaming back dramatic images of Earth for more than 40 years . The Landsat Data Continuity Mission -- to be designated Landsat 8 , once it 's up and running -- lifted off from California 's Vandenberg Air Force Base atop an Atlas V booster . The $ 855 million platform , about the size of a sport-utility vehicle , has been in the works for years amid concerns about maintaining the U.S. suite of geoscience satellites . The first Landsat mission went into orbit in 1972 ; the last working mission , Landsat 7 , was launched in 1999 . It 's still sending back images long after its five-year life expectancy , but suffers from a scanner problem that leaves black diagonal streaks across them . Landsat 5 sent back its last images in January after nearly 29 years ; it had been designed to last three . The new mission 's solar panels deployed successfully after Monday 's launch , and the satellite should be fully operational after about three months of trials , NASA said . "  Everyone 's very relieved . We 've got good telemetry coming back from LDCM , so all is well so far , " Dunn told NASA TV . In 2012 , the National Academy of Sciences warned that a combination of budget pressure , program delays and a pair of launch failures in 2009 and 2011 left the United States facing a "  rapid decline " in its capability to monitor land and seas from space . An asteroid is coming , but do n't sweat it The Landsat program is managed by NASA and the U.S. Geological Survey , which has been distributing the data for free since 2008 . The imagery has been used to monitor urban growth , water use , farm production and a variety of natural disasters , from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens to the historic earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in 2011 . "  Landsat is a centerpiece of NASA 's Earth Science program , and today 's successful launch will extend the longest continuous data record of Earth 's surface as seen from space , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement .	The Landsat 8 satellite went into orbit Monday It 's the latest in a series that 's been beaming back data since 1972 The U.S. Geological Survey distributes the imagery for free
CNN  -- Now the party is really starting . Democrats and Republicans are preparing to gather to hold their conventions , each using this precious time to tell the nation what its presidential candidate is all about . Republicans are hoping that Gov. Chris Christie can tear down the Democrats , New Jersey style , in his keynote address , and that Condoleezza Rice can add some foreign policy heft to a ticket remarkably thin on international affairs . Democrats are depending on former President Bill Clinton to tap into the rhetoric he used against Republicans in the budget battles of 1995 to cut into Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan 's vision for Medicare . They hope that San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro , the keynote speaker , can send a message to Latinos about which party is on their side . Without any more deal-making in smoke-filled rooms , speeches are the highlight of the convention . Even when speeches are made at conventions whose candidate winds up losing , they can offer ideas and rhetoric that become integral to the party for decades to come . A look back at history reveals that there are different types of speeches that we might see in the coming weeks , each with very different purposes and effect . Ideological Agenda-Setters : There are some speeches that are notable because they lay out a set of principles for the party to embrace in the coming election and thereafter . As opposed to focusing on the particularities of a specific campaign , these speeches put forth ideas that shape the next generation of candidates . In 1948 , the Minnesota candidate for senator , Hubert Humphrey , delivered a thunderous address in which he called on Southern Democrats to embrace the cause of civil rights or leave the party . "  To those who say that this civil rights program is an infringement of states ' rights , " Humphrey said , "  I say this : The time has arrived for the Democratic Party to get out of the shadow of states ' rights and walk forthrightly into the bright sunshine of human rights . " The speech put the party on the side of racial liberalism and accelerated the path toward the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . The same year that Congress passed the civil rights legislation , Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater gave his most famous address , when he told Republicans to embrace conservatism and avoid the lure of centrism . He ardently defended a right-wing agenda . Even though Goldwater lost the presidential election , the speech signaled the future of the party . In 1980 , Sen. Ted Kennedy , who lost the nomination to President Jimmy Carter , energized delegates by talking about the party 's traditions and defense of the common man . "  Our commitment has been , since the days of Andrew Jackson , to all those he called ` the humble members of society -- the farmers , mechanics , and laborers . ' On this foundation we have defined our values , refined our policies , and refreshed our faith . " He warned against the creeping conservatism of the Carter administration and reminded the Democrats to stay true to their core values . His rhetoric continues to offer inspiration for Democrats to this day . Opposition Attacks : Other speeches are effective primarily because they eviscerate the opposition , defining candidates , and defining parties , in ways that stick . When Franklin Roosevelt accepted the Democratic nomination in 1932 , he introduced Americans to his vision of a New Deal -- a program of government assistance that would include help to farmers , workers and small business owners . FDR pushed back against the economic orthodoxies of the time , telling delegates , "  Our Republican leaders tell us economic laws -- sacred , inviolable , unchangeable -- cause panics which no one could prevent . But while they prate of economic laws , men and women are starving . " In 1984 , New York Gov. Mario Cuomo offered a powerful challenge to President Reagan 's argument that it was "  morning in America " again , and that the country was a "  shining city on a hill . " Cuomo distinguished between an economic recovery that benefited the wealthy and one that affected all Americans . "  There is despair , Mr. President , " Cuomo said , "  in the facts that you do n't see , in the places that you do n't visit in your shining city . " Cuomo 's speech became a powerful narrative for talking about the impact of Republican economic policies . That same year , Jeane Kirkpatrick , U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , ripped into the foreign policy of "  San Francisco Democrats , " castigating her former party , charging , "  They always blame America first . " Inspirational : Sometimes speeches are able to inspire delegates . In 1960 , John F. Kennedy said that "  We stand today on the edge of a New Frontier -- the frontier of the 1960s , the frontier of unknown opportunities and perils , the frontier of unfilled hopes and unfilled threats . ... Beyond that frontier are uncharted areas of science and space , unsolved problems of peace and war , unconquered problems of ignorance and prejudice , unanswered questions of poverty and surplus . " For many Americans , this speech was the moment they fell in love with the charismatic senator and started to believe that he could help the country to do great things The Star is Born : Convention speeches can put politicians on the map . In 1976 , Ronald Reagan won the hearts of Republicans , even if he did n't win enough of their votes to become the party 's presidential nominee that year . In unplanned remarks , he spoke to them about the need to stand firm against communism so that the country would protect the world from nuclear destruction . At the Democratic convention in 1976 , African-American Rep. Barbara Jordan of Texas introduced herself and a new generation of African-American politicians . In 2004 , Sen. Barack Obama 's powerful oratory at the Boston convention , about the need to unify the nation , propelled him onto the national stage . Coalitional : Like the rest of the campaign , a convention speech can help bring broad coalitions together , outlining points of commonality amid significant difference . In 1980 , Ronald Reagan displayed his formidable skills with an acceptance speech that reached out to the conservative base , fiscal conservatives , neoconservative hawks , and centrist voters all in one swoop . The Flop : Sometimes speeches are so bad they are good . When candidates deliver really poor speeches , they can attract considerable attention and , occasionally , they do n't end up sidetracking their careers . In 1988 , the rising star Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton delivered a long-winded speech that ended with delegates cheering when he finally said "  in conclusion . " Although he would later improve his style , going on to win the presidency , the failure of the speech actually gave him even more of the national spotlight . These are some of the kinds of speeches that we might see in the coming weeks . Each has a very different value and , other than the flop , each can be helpful in energizing the party for the battle that is ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Speeches are the highlight of each party 's political convention , says Julian Zelizer Some speeches put forth ideas that shape the next generation of candidates , he says Others eviscerate the opposition , permanently defining candidates and parties , he says Zelizer : Some speeches inspire , others make instant stars , and others flop resoundingly
London  CNN  -- In the broader frame , Vladimir Putin 's decision to stand again as Russian president is no big surprise . Batman returns , though the idea of Robin  Dmitri Medvedev  becoming prime minister may not work out for long . Sure , the timing was unexpected . There were good reasons for making the decision later -- last time around Medvedev was revealed as Putin 's choice for president only after the parliamentary  Duma  elections in December 2007 . Medvedev now becomes an early lame duck -- the Kremlin has not dealt with that problem simply by saying he will be prime minister under Putin . By making the announcement before the Duma elections , Putin has guaranteed a majority for his new ' "  Popular Front " -- but that will also create problems . Russian voters quickly cottoned on to the fact that the old United Russia party was just a roadblock : it could stop opponents winning elections , but had no role in government or in the generation of policy or strategic thinking . The corporatist behemoth Popular Front will be even worse . Russia has a "  managed democracy , " but the campaign for the presidential elections next March will now be even longer , and in a long campaign not everything can be easily managed . Comment : Putin and Medvedev , trading places There are other obvious downsides , even once the timing issue is out of the way . Western leaders who invested time and political capital in engaging Medvedev will be asking loudly what the interregnum was all about . The idea of a Kremlin-approved but reformist new liberal party has been squashed . So have the rumors that Russia 's liberal conscience and enforcer of fiscal discipline , Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin , would be the next prime minister . But Kudrin would have been a much better choice than an ineffective Medvedev , and could have taken Russia back to the long-forgotten era of real reform when Putin first came to power in the early 2000s -- before the Yukos affair in 2003 and the oil price explosion that sucked the life out of the reform impulse . What does Kudrin do now to stop the markets freaking out ? And how long will the mild-mannered Medvedev really last as PM , given that he is unlikely to transform himself overnight into a fire-breathing CEO ? The Russian government ca n't be run on Twitter . Then there are much bigger strategic questions . Will Putin 2.0 be any different from Putin 1.0 ? Can Putin dismantle Putinism ? Putin always hoped the history books would treat him well , which is why he chooses court historians to write them ; but even many of the supposed achievements of his first two terms of office  2000-08  , such as Russia 's much-vaunted "  stability , " the restoration of state authority and victory in Chechnya , may now be under threat if Putin comes back in much more difficult economic circumstances and with real anarchy looming in Russia 's North Caucasian "  internal abroad . " Even stagnation is not an easy option . Will Putin 2.0 be able to stop the growing torrent of capital flight out of Russia , which reached $ 21 billion in the first quarter of 2011 ? Putin 's ideologue Vladislav Surkov once coined the term "  offshore aristocracy ' " to abuse the "  cosmopolitan " oligarchs and Western advisers of the Yeltsin era ; but this is precisely what Putin 's oligarchy has become . The ruling elite is not investing at home -- many of them do n't even live in Russia . And capital flight is no longer just for oligarchs , as genuine entrepreneurs and small and medium enterprises  SMEs  despair of red tape and corruption . Will Putin be able to curb the bloated state that has grown so unwieldy under oil money ? The budget only balances at an ever higher oil price -- currently reckoned to be about $ 125 a barrel . How high will the necessary price be in a few years ? Putin has so far failed to build a new narrative . The same old guys still sit beside him . Even his old image as the "  good tsar " reigning in the "  bad boyars " is suspect . Putin has not cleansed the stables , and the oligarchs close to him may get bolder and more brazen once he comes back to power . Putin 's favorite foreign policy initiatives will be pushed further forward , like the idea of a customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan , with Ukraine under pressure to join . If Georgia 's President Mikheil Saakashvili "  does a Putin " and makes himself prime minister after his second term runs out in January 2013 , Saakashvili and Putin could then be squaring off for years . The ugly youth group Nashi and its skinhead hinterland will still be around . Periodically , Putin 's PR machine has pushed out the idea that he is tired of office and looking forward to retirement . We can now put that myth to rest . He has now guaranteed himself another six or even 12 years of hyperactivity , with an overflowing in-tray .	Putin 's decision to stand again as Russian president is no big surprise , says commentator Andrew Wilson says markets and investors are unlikely to be impressed by move He asks : Can Putin stop capital flight out of Russia ; guarantee stability in Caucasus And will Putin be able to curb bloated state that has grown unwieldy under oil money ?
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido was sentenced Thursday to 431 years to life in prison in the kidnapping and sexual assault of Jaycee Dugard , who was held captive from age 11 to 29 by Garrido and his wife , according to the El Dorado County , California , district attorney 's office . His wife , Nancy Garrido , 55 , was sentenced earlier in the day to 36 years to life in prison for her role in the abduction and rape , said Garrido 's attorney , Stephen Tapson . Dugard did n't appear in court Thursday for the sentencings , but she submitted an emotional statement that was presented by her mother , according to Dugard 's media representative , Nancy Seltzer . Jaycee Dugard , now 31 , called the Garridos "  evil " and described their captivity of her as a "  sexual perversion " forced upon her for 18 years . A statement by Dugard 's mother , Terry Probyn , was also read in court . The Garridos , a married couple , pleaded guilty in late April in El Dorado County Superior Court to charges of kidnapping and sexual assault . Dugard was abducted from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 . Authorities found her in 2009 . During those years , the Garridos held Dugard in a hidden compound on their home 's grounds in Antioch , California . She bore two daughters , fathered by Phillip Garrido . Dugard 's written statement , presented during Phillip Garrido 's sentencing , was lengthy . "  I chose not to be here today because I refuse to waste another second of my life in your presence . I 've chosen to have my mom read this for me , " Dugard wrote . "  Phillip Garrido , you are wrong . I could never say that to you before , but I have the freedom now and I am saying you are a liar and all of your so-called theories are wrong . Everything you have ever done to me has been wrong and someday I hope you can see that . "  What you and Nancy did was reprehensible . You always justified everything to suit yourself but the reality is and always has been that to make someone else suffer for your inability to control yourself and for you , Nancy , to facilitate his behavior and trick young girls for his pleasure is evil . There is no God in the universe that would condone your actions , " Dugard said . "  To you , Phillip , I say that I have always been a thing for your own amusement . I hated every second of every day of 18 years because of you and the sexual perversion you forced on me , " she continued . "  To you , Nancy , I have nothing to say . "  Both of you can save your apologies and empty words . For all the crimes you have both committed I hope you have as many sleepless nights as I did . "  Yes , as I think of all of those years I am angry because you stole my life and that of my family . Thankfully I am doing well now and no longer live in a nightmare . I have wonderful friends and family around me . Something you can never take from me again . You do not matter any more , " Dugard wrote . In her own statement to the court , Dugard 's mother recounted June 10 , 1991 , the day her daughter was abducted . "  I begged , I pleaded , I cried , I ranted and raved , I went crazy and thought I was going to go insane , " Probyn said in her statement . "  My baby was gone and all of my dreams turned to nightmares . Dreadful nightmarish thoughts of her bondage and of her suffering . "  For 18 excruciating years , I endured a huge gaping hole in my heart that some evil being had put their hand into and had ripped out . For 18 agonizing years , I guarded what little I had left and lived in hell on this earth , " Probyn wrote . The mother condemned the Garridos . "  I hate you both for the torment and anguish you put my daughter , myself , and my family through . I am nauseous at the thought of the sexual exploitation and the brutal abuse she endured at your uncaring hand . I am sickened by the reality that she had to suffer your cruel and heartless imprisonment for so long . You are the epitome of disgust and no amount of jail time or even death will cleanse your corrupt souls . You do not deserve to live or die or even exist , " Probyn 's statement said . "  You are nothing ... other than selfish , self serving , self gratifying monsters , " the mother said . She added that the Garridos will never see Jaycee Dugard 's two daughters again . "  Her daughters know what you did to their mother . They realize your backyard was a prison and understand your filthy , despicable secret . They are aware that they have been deceived and I am here to tell you that there is no love lost , " the mother 's statement to the court said . Jaycee Dugard 's maternal aunt , Tina Dugard , also provided a statement to the court in which she said her mother , Onita , died of "  a broken heart " because of Jaycee Dugard 's abduction . "  Jaycee was the center of my mom 's world , as only a first grandchild can be . Facing life without her beloved Jaycee was more than my mom could handle . I wish she had found the strength to live for me , for my brothers and sisters , and for her other grandchildren . But she could n't . Losing Jaycee was simply devastating , and she just could n't recover , " Tina Dugard 's statement said . Phillip Garrido was a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest . California law does n't provide for a death penalty for the offenses committed by the Garridos , District Attorney Vern Pierson said in April . Phillip Garrido , 60 , pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 13 counts of sexual assault , Pierson said . He has waived his right to appeal , the district attorney said . Nancy Garrido , 55 , pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and one count of rape by force , and to California 's "  one strike " rape law , Pierson said . Her sentence is the maximum possible based on the sentencing laws in effect in 1991 , he said . Nancy Garrido also has waived her right to appeal , prosecutors said . Her plea was offered contingent on Phillip Garrido pleading guilty and waiving his right to appeal , prosecutors said . .	Dugard 's statement to court calls the Garridos "  evil " Dugard calls her 18 years of captivity a "  sexual perversion " forced on her The married couple pleaded guilty to kidnapping and sexual assault in April
CNN  -- New Jersey 's Chris Christie faced new storms , literally and figuratively , on the first day of his second term as governor with scandal buffeting his administration and now a top conservative Republican in Virginia saying he should abandon a key GOP post . All of it , punctuated by a major snowstorm that swept through the Garden State as Christie took the oath of office , put new pressure on him as he contemplates a run for president in 2016 and stands atop polls as the GOP 's leading hope . Christie did not mention the unfolding scandals in his inauguration speech at the War Memorial in Trenton . Instead he praised how his state came together in his first four years to meet the challenges of the economic recession and Superstorm Sandy , as well as the landslide re-election victory voters gave him last November . "  This election has taught us that the ways we divide each other -- by race , by class , by ethnicity , by wealth , and yes , by political party -- is neither permanent nor necessary , " he said . "  Our dreams are the same : a good job , a great education for our children , safe streets in our neighborhood and core values which give our lives real meaning . " Christie 's carefully crafted strategy of success built upon reaching across the political aisle to Democrats is not necessarily a virtue shared by all Republicans , especially conservatives not yet sold on his credentials to uphold their causes in a national campaign . One prominent conservative in Virginia , former state Attorney General and 2013 gubernatorial candidate Ken Cuccinelli , said Christie should step down from his new role as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , seen as a stepping stone to a White House run . Cuccinelli , who lost his race for governor , said the current state legislative investigations into suggested political misconduct by top Christie administration appointees would hinder his ability to successfully campaign for GOP candidates . "  I think just from the perspective of setting aside this as an issue in other races , it makes sense for him to step aside in that role , " he said on CNN 's Crossfire on Tuesday . Cuccinelli was unhappy with the RGA -- which Christie did not lead at the time -- for not steering more money to his effort . Christie defenders speak out However , two Republican governors said recently they still support Christie in the RGA post . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , mentioned often as a potential presidential candidate as well , and Utah Gov. Gary Herbert said in Washington they had confidence in Christie 's leadership . Christie has said the uproar in his state would not impact his work on behalf of other governors . He was in Florida this past weekend to help raise money for incumbent Rick Scott . Christie 's administration has been rocked by suggestions of political dirty tricks and strong-armed politics that are being investigated by a state legislative committee and the U.S. attorney 's office . The lead scandal , in which investigators want to know if top appointees orchestrated traffic gridlock near the George Washington Bridge last September to politically punish a local mayor , has already cost four top advisers their jobs and spawned numerous subpoenas by a special state Assembly committee looking for documents and other materials . Christie has denied knowledge of the alleged bridge scheme . A Republican governor in a state dominated by Democrats , Christie distinguished himself from the partisanship in Washington by promoting a bipartisan vision for the Garden State . His inauguration remarks countered an image some opponents offer about an administration they say takes hardball politics to new levels in a state known for being rough-and-tumble politically . Christie scandals : What you need to know Hours before Christie 's second inaugural , a top New Jersey Republican defended him . "  He 's a former federal prosecutor , indicted over a hundred politicians . He 's the last guy on earth who 's going to do an illegal activity . It 's repugnant to him , " said Jon Bramnick , the Republican leader in the New Jersey State Assembly , on CNN 's New Day . With the next race for the White House on the horizon , and Christie said to be considering a bid , he hopes his inaugural message resonates with a national audience . However , new national polling indicates his crossover appeal among independents and Democrats , a rare characteristic that elevates his national standing , has softened . CNN exclusive : Port Authority job created for Christie ally , source says Hoboken mayor provides more evidence Aside from the bridge scandal , Christie 's team faces questions about how the administration handled Superstorm Sandy relief money approved by the federal government . Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer this week alleged that Christie 's administration hung -- or "  held hostage " -- storm recovery funds for her town on her support for a redevelopment project proposed by a firm , The Rockefeller Group , with ties to the governor . Zimmer said Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno delivered the message in a parking lot last May , saying it came directly from Christie . Guadango denies the allegation ; Zimmer is standing firm , saying she 's already told her story to federal prosecutors . State legislative investigators also want to hear from Zimmer . Also on Sandy , a federal watchdog is looking into how the state used relief money in promoting the state 's recovery from the October 2012 storm that devastated coastal areas . The Housing and Urban Development inspector general 's office is specifically looking at spending on an ad produced for Jersey Shore marketing purposes that featured Christie and his family . Christie 's office has said the Obama administration signed off on its marketing plan and vehemently denies any wrongdoing in the Zimmer matter . Who is Dawn Zimmer ? Hot piece of land in Hoboken at center of Christie-Zimmer dispute See her journal entries Christie marches on as controversy at home unfolds CNN 's Chris Frates , Steve Kastenbaum , Erin McPike , Jake Tapper , Paul Steinhauser , Peter Hamby and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	NEW : Cuccinelli : Christie should step down as chair of Republican Governors Association Gala celebrating Gov. Chris Christie 's second term canceled due to winter storm Christie 's office played politics with Sandy funds , Hoboken mayor says Separate state legislature investigations merged into one
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At the stroke of midnight Sunday , Pakistan made history . It marked the first time a democratically-elected government served a full five-year term in the country 's 65-year history . In its short existence , Pakistan has experienced three military coups , been ruled by generals for half its life , and it remains mired in near-constant political turmoil . "  Despite all the odds , completion of the term is an extraordinary and historic achievement , " Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf said in an address to the nation Saturday night . Ashraf said his country has a long history of confrontation between democratic and nondemocratic forces , but that democracy has now notched a victory . In the next few days , a caretaker government will be put in place to oversee the country through its next elections scheduled for May . Success at a price While the five-year term completion is a milestone well worth nothing , it has come with a price . The ruling Pakistan Peoples Party rode to power on the back of a populace disillusioned with then-President Pervez Musharraf 's policies that led to shortage of essential food items , power cuts and a skyrocketing inflation . Pakistanis also disapproved of the way Musharraf carried out his end of the "  war on terror " -- and used it as a crutch to explain away many of his unpopular moves . And the nation was collectively mourning the death of PPP leader Benazir Bhutto , who was assassinated just months before the last elections in February 2008 . Very few held out hope the PPP would resolve the many problems that plagued Pakistan . And throughout its five-year term , it seemed it could n't . Minister after minister were tainted with accusations of corruption . The power outages and food shortages that Pakistanis complained about remain . Terror attacks in city centers continued with depressing regularity . Violence directed at the Shiite minority reached new heights . And Pakistanis called the government stooges of the United States , while Washington grumbled that Pakistan was not doing enough to confront militants . Through it all , the shaky coalition the PPP cobbled together seemed on the verge of collapse every few months as partners threatened to walk away at the slightest disagreement . "  We could not provide rivers of milk and honey but tried our best to alleviate the country 's problems , " Ashraf said in his Saturday speech . Staying the course But credit goes to two factors that helped the government stay the course : The military was content to sit on the sidelines through the topsy-turvy turns -- even when it seemed that the widening rift with the government would force it to intervene as it has in the past . And President Asif Ali Zardari -- Bhutto 's widower -- proved surprisingly agile at survival . Three years ago , he handed over much of his power to the prime minister -- and in the process , robbed his critics of the accusation that he was amassing power like his predecessor . He also transferred some power from the central government to the provincial level . Musharraf 's return Against this backdrop comes news that Musharraf plans to return to Pakistan from self-imposed exile in the United Arab Emirates , and lead his party in upcoming elections . Musharraf plans to fly on a commercial airline into Karachi on March 24 , then attend a rally with 50,000 people , including more than 200 Pakistani expatriates from the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates , he said in a statement . Five years is often enough time for a populace to forgive and forget . It remains to be seen whether Pakistan , now soured by PPP 's reign , welcomes him back with open arms . CNN 's Nasir Habib reported from Islamabad ; Saeed Ahmed wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Saima Mohsin also contributed .	Pakistan has had three military coups Next , a caretaker government will oversee elections The milestone has come with a price Musharraf has said he will return this month
CNN  -- Thirteen Boston deputy fire chiefs have signed a letter of "  no confidence " in Fire Chief Steve Abraira regarding his handling of the Boston Marathon bombings , according to the letter , which CNN independently obtained from a deputy chief who signed it but requested anonymity . The deputy chiefs wrote of their displeasure to Boston Mayor Thomas Menino on April 26 , according to the letter . "  You can unequivocally consider this letter a vote of no confidence in Chief Abraira , " the deputy chiefs wrote in the letter . They said the chief failed to assume command responsibility or show any leadership at the scene . "  Despite the fact that the members of the BFD command staff have become accustomed to this ` ghost fire chief , ' nothing prepared us for his actions , actually inactions , on the day of the horrific terrorist attack at the Boston Marathon , " the letter reads . "  At a time when the City of Boston needed every first responder to take decisive action , Chief Abraira failed to get involved in operational decision-making or show any leadership , " the letter continues . In the letter , the deputies describe an e-mail that Abraira sent to all department members , saying that when he arrived at the scene , "  it was clear that our Command Officer had the incident well in hand and that our department was fully active in a support role with our law enforcement partners . " The deputies call Abraira 's argument "  illogical " and "  mere rationalization to justify his behavior , " saying that when Abraira arrived , the Boston Fire Department was "  still heavily involved in the incident " because of the possibility of "  second explosions , " "  additional suspicious packages " and "  structural stability concern of buildings , " among other issues . But Abraira defended his actions to CNN . "  In their estimation , they believe that if you do n't assume command , you do n't have responsibility there for what goes on , " he said . "  I tried to explain to them , if I 'm on the scene , I 'm still responsible . That 's it . But they do n't believe it . " Boston 's top cop asked if bombing was preventable The chief told The Boston Globe that he was comfortable with the way his commanders were handling the incident . "  The nationally accepted practice is that you only take command  as chief  if there 's something going wrong or if you can strengthen the command position or if it 's overwhelming for the incident commander , and none of those things were in fact happening , " he told the paper . The president of the Boston City Council , Steve Murphy , told CNN Wednesday that he was at the finish line shortly after the bombings and "  personally I did n't see anything but selfless heroic acts on the part of the fire , EMT and police personnel . " But Murphy added , "  if all 13 of our district chiefs are expressing no confidence then that concerns me . " He said if the mayor did not act in response to the letter that the City Council , which funds the fire department , would look into the functioning of fire department command during upcoming budget discussions . The twin blasts at the end of the Boston Marathon on April 15 killed three people and wounded more than 260 others . Six people remained hospitalized Wednesday , according to a CNN count . One of two bombing suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , died after a gunfight with authorities four days later . After much secrecy and protest , he was buried in a rural Virginia cemetery this month . To locals ' surprise , Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia cemetery Police took his brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , into custody on April 19 after finding him hiding in a boat in the backyard of a Watertown , Massachusetts , home . He has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction and malicious destruction of property causing death . Tsarnaev is being held at Federal Medical Center Devens . Source : Russia withheld details about Tsarnaev CNN 's Joe Sterling and Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	NEW : Letter says chief was n't "  involved in operational decision-making , " did n't show leadership Chief defends his actions to CNN , says incident was "  well in hand " when he arrived Source : Nearly all of Boston 's deputy fire chiefs sign letter of "  no confidence " The Boston Marathon bombing killed three and wounded more than 260 others
A dispute over public prayers at town board meetings will be taken up by the Supreme Court in coming months , another contentious case over the intersection of faith and the public arena . The justices announced Monday the court will decide whether a New York community may continue what it calls "  inclusive " prayers at its town board sessions . The petition will be argued later this year or early in 2014 , with a ruling ready by the spring . After the Greece , New York , Town Board 's policy was challenged because virtually all of those invited to offer prayers were Christians , the board for a time invited a few others , including a Wiccan , to offer invocations . But when that practice appeared to end , local citizens Susan Galloway and Linda Stephens sued . A federal appeals court found the board 's policy to be an unconstitutional violation of the Establishment Clause , which forbids any government "  endorsement " of religion . The town board then asked the Supreme Court to intervene . Galloway and Stephens say the board of the town outside Rochester almost always invited Christian clergy to open the meetings , usually with sectarian prayers . The plaintiffs said in court papers they were non-Christian and felt "  marginalized " by the practice . Americans United for Separation of Church and State , the Washington , D.C.-based group that is representing the two women , cited records showing that between 1999 and 2010 , approximately two-thirds of the invocations contained the words "  Jesus Christ , " Jesus , " Holy Spirit , " or "  Your Son . " And the lawsuit claims that from 1999 through 2007 , every meeting had a Christian-only invocation . Following the complaints from the plaintiffs , four other faiths were invited in 2008 , including a Baha'i leader and a Jewish lay person . Galloway and Stephens say the Christian-only invocations resumed from January 2009 through June 2010 . The plaintiffs then launched their legal fight , saying those invited to the monthly meetings were selected by a city employee from a local guide that had no non-Christian faiths listed . "  A town council meeting is n't a church service , and it should n't seem like one , " said the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , AUSCS executive director . "  Government ca n't serve everyone in the community when it endorses one faith over others . That sends the clear message that some are second-class citizens based on what they believe about religion . " While the 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in New York last year unanimously ruled against the city 's policy , other courts around the country have found such invocations -- if inclusive and limited in scope -- to be permissible . The U.S. Congress regularly opens its sessions with a prayer . Friday 's invocation by House Chaplain the Rev. Patrick Conroy began : "  Loving and gracious God , we give You thanks for giving us another day . Help us this day to draw closer to You so that , with Your Spirit and aware of Your presence among us , we may all face the tasks of this day . " Forty-nine members of Congress , mostly Republicans , along with 18 state attorneys general have filed supporting legal briefs backing the city . The Alliance Defending Freedom , a "  legal ministry " based in Scottsdale , Arizona , filed the lawsuit on behalf of the Greece Town Board , saying the Supreme Court has upheld the practice of government bodies "  to acknowledge America 's religious heritage and invoke divine guidance and blessings upon their work . " "  A few people should not be able to extinguish the traditions of our nation merely because they heard something they did n't like , " said Brett Harvey , an attorney for the group . "  Because the authors of the Constitution invoked God 's blessing on public proceedings , this tradition should n't suddenly be deemed unconstitutional . " But the 2nd Circuit appeals court concluded Greece officials were not diligent enough in efforts to find a more diverse set of voices from other faiths to open the public sessions , suggesting "  a single religious sect " was being advanced . The high court is now being asked to offer more firm guidelines over when and if such public prayers are constitutionally acceptable . The case is Town of Greece , N.Y. v. Galloway  12-696  .	A New York community has what it calls "  inclusive " prayers at its town board sessions Some local citizens sued and a federal appeals court found the policy unconstitutional "  A town council meeting is n't a church service , " the legal group backing the citizens says "  A few people should not be able to extinguish " the nation 's traditions , the other side says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's family will not hold a public or private viewing of his body at the Neverland Ranch , a spokesman for the family said Wednesday . Graumann 's Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles is the scene of a makeshift Michael Jackson memorial Wednesday . "  Plans are under way regarding a public memorial for Michael Jackson , and we will announce those plans shortly , " Ken Sunshine said in a written statement . Jackson 's will , which was filed in court Wednesday and dated July 7 , 2002 , did not specify where he wished to be buried . Jackson placed his entire estate , which he estimated to be worth at least $ 500 million , in the Michael Jackson Family Trust , which was described in another document not filed in court . Sunshine 's statement also said the Jackson family had just hired his public relations firm . Confusion and speculation spread in recent days over where and when a memorial service for Jackson might be held . Planning had been under way for a motorcade to carry Jackson 's body from Los Angeles to the Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , which state and local officials suggested would be difficult and costly . A public viewing at Neverland Ranch on Friday had also been under consideration , law enforcement sources said . The mother of Jackson 's two oldest children was left out of Jackson 's will . "  I have intentionally omitted to provide for my former wife , Deborah Rowe Jackson , " the will said . The pop star died Thursday at age 50 . While it will be up to a court to decide who gets custody of Jackson 's three children , the singer chose his mother , Katherine Jackson , as their guardian . If Katherine Jackson , 79 , is not living , Jackson said , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian . " The children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- have been placed under his mother 's temporary guardianship . Jackson attorney John Branca , attorney Barry Siegel and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime Jackson friend , were named as executors of the will . Watch as the details of the will are revealed " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff held an emergency hearing Wednesday morning to consider a request to immediately turn over control of the estate to Branca and McClain . Beckloff decided there was no urgency to replace Katherine Jackson , whom he appointed temporary administrator this week . Another hearing has been set for next Monday . Branca and McClain issued a joint statement Wednesday : "  The most important element of Michael 's will is his unwavering desire that his mother , Katherine , become the legal guardian for his three children . As we work to carry out Michael 's instructions to safeguard both the future of his children as well as the remarkable legacy he left us as an artist we ask that all matters involving his estate be handled with the dignity and the respect that Michael and his family deserve . " The question of what killed Jackson last week has gone unanswered pending toxicology results . Fans across the globe Tuesday continued to mourn Jackson five days after the 50-year-old singer went into cardiac arrest . The Drug Enforcement Administration has joined the investigation into whether prescription drugs were involved in the death of singer Michael Jackson , a source told CNN . The source , who did not want to be identified because he can not comment publicly on the matter , said DEA agents will be looking at various doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . In New York , thousands lined the streets Tuesday outside Harlem 's Apollo Theater , the hall that helped launch Jackson 's career . At 9 , the singer won a 1967 Apollo amateur night showcase with his brothers . "  We left our house at 4 o'clock in the morning and got here at 9 , and we were lucky to get here , " said Angela Staples , who came from Pennsylvania with daughter Jasmine . For many of Jackson 's fans , the cause of his death bore less significance than remembering his life . On Wednesday , the top nine positions on Billboard magazine 's top pop catalog albums chart housed Jackson-related titles . Watch how singer 's death has spurred sales " Jackson 's hometown of Gary , Indiana , angled to have its favorite son buried there and planned a massive memorial service at a local ballpark in July . Gary Mayor Rudy Clay told a Chicago , Illinois , radio station Tuesday that he has been in contact with the Jackson family about the burial . A burial site could be near a proposed Jackson family museum and a performing arts center , said mayoral spokeswoman Lalosa Burns , who said Clay had n't received any confirmation . Clay told WGN that he expects Jackson 's body , at the least , will be taken to Gary for a July 10 memorial service at U.S. Steel Works ballpark . Jackson 's father , Joe , has said Neverland Ranch has been ruled out as a burial site , but the family has given no public indication of where the singer 's final resting place may be . Michael Jackson purchased Neverland Ranch -- named for the fictional world in J.M. Barrie 's "  Peter Pan " -- in 1987 and filled it with animals and amusement rides . Tom Barrack Jr. , the billionaire who engineered Jackson 's financial rescue last year and gained control of the ranch through his company , said the property 's future will be discussed later . CNN 's Alan Duke , Saeed Ahmed , Kara Finnstrom , Don Lemon , Stephanie Smith and Aspen Steib contributed to this report .	NEW : DEA investigating use of prescription drugs in Jackson 's death , source says Will does n't specify where Michael Jackson wished to be buried Two attorneys , music exec named as executors of Jackson 's will "  I have intentionally omitted to provide for my former wife , " will says
CNN  -- When I won the reality show competition "  Survivor : Africa " in 2001 , I never dreamed that an obscure African flower would provide the drug that later helped me survive cancer . But that 's the way my life has unfolded . One day I was battling opponents for a million dollars , the next I was battling lymphoma for my life . I could n't have won either fight without having nature on my side . Now I 'm working hard to protect natural areas that will provide the source of future drugs that could save millions of lives . On the show we were expected to live off the land . I learned very early that survival would mean figuring out how to work with , rather than against , nature . We used thorny acacia plants to keep predators away from our camp . We drank from the same watering hole as elephants and giraffes , learning the best times to drink and how to stay out of their way . Nature was a good teacher . I won $ 1 million and the confidence that I could survive just about any challenge . In 2009 , I was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , and it turned out that the confidence I gained on "  Survivor " proved even more valuable than the million dollars . But not even the trials of the show could have prepared me for the greatest struggle of my life . Chemotherapy drugs wracked my body for months . But as they worked I found some comfort when I learned that one of them was derived from an African flower , the rosy periwinkle . The drug born of this flower , vincristine , was part of the regimen that saved my life . My cancer is now in remission and once again I owe my survival to working with nature . My case is not an isolated one . It turns out that dozens of plants in nature manufacture anti-cancer agents as chemical defenses . Scientists figured this out years ago , and 80 percent of all anti-cancer drugs possess an active ingredient from the natural world . This promise extends to other diseases as well , with half the new drugs created in the past 25 years derived from nature . According to a recent study , natural drugs and related products are used to treat 87 percent of all known diseases , including cancer , heart disease , diabetes and HIV . Yet this pharmaceutical pipeline is in danger . Researchers unraveled the biochemistry of the snakeroot plant to improve the treatment of hypertension , but the plant is now threatened by deforestation in Indonesia . Scientists derived a compound for treating severe chronic pain from a cone snail found in Pacific coral reefs , though its habitat is now threatened by destructive fishing practices and marine pollution . The first antiviral medication approved for the treatment of HIV/AIDS came from a marine sponge , yet marine habitats around the world are threatened by pollution , overfishing and climate change . Given the accelerating destruction of rainforests , reefs and other natural habitats around the world , we must take action today -- as there 's no telling how many useful undiscovered natural compounds we could lose for tomorrow . Right now , there 's a bipartisan bill in Congress , the Global Conservation Act of 2010 , that seeks to address extinction and natural resource depletion worldwide by laying out a strategy for helping other countries protect millions of square miles of natural habitat . President Obama must put his weight behind this bill and the Congress must pass it soon . According to the World Conservation Union , more than 16,000 species , plant and animal alike , are in danger of extinction , largely because of human activities . Indeed , scientists warn that two-thirds of the planet 's 10 million species could face extinction by the end of the century . Time is not on our side . I won "  Survivor : Africa , " and I 've won my battle against cancer . But in each case , I did n't do it alone . I had the most unlikely of partners : a small watering hole and , later , a flower . I do n't know what I 'll need from nature next or where the newest nature-based medicines will come from , but I 'm not willing to risk losing any of them . The rosy periwinkle saved my life . Who knows what could save yours ?	Winner of TV 's "  Survivor : Africa " beat cancer with chemo from African plant Ethan Zohn 's brush with death spurred him to save natural habitats Zohn urges Congress to pass bill that outlines strategy to protect natural habitats
CNN  -- With its purchase of Nokia 's mobile phone business , Microsoft has brought a longtime partner into the fold to help fight a battle that has been tough for both companies . Microsoft , which was late to the smartphone game with its Windows mobile operating system , badly trails Android and Apple 's iOS . And while Nokia is still a force selling feature phones worldwide , it 's barely made a dent in the smartphone market . But if the Finnish company is struggling today , it can still take pride in its history at the forefront of the mobile movement . Here are five ways the once-dominant phonemaker has helped shape the world of mobile electronics as we know it today : First to move It 's not the sort of thing that smartphone owners today probably remember -- if they 're even old enough . But the Nokia 1011 , released in 1992 , was the first commercially available mobile phone that operated on what 's called the GSM network . The letters stand for Global System for Mobile . And what that meant was that unlike earlier phones , the Nokia could be used to make a phone call from almost anywhere in the world . GSM is still the world 's most widely used mobile system , although 4G is expected eventually to replace it . Phone as fashion statement A phone is just a phone , right ? Of course not . Today , there are plenty of folks who , admit it or not , wrap at least a small part of their identity up in what kind of phone is in their pocket . That was a pretty alien concept up until the early 2000s when , if you owned a cell phone , there was a pretty good chance it was a Nokia . Remember those chunky , rounded models with the tiny gray screens and the nubby antennas ? The Nokia 5110 was one of the most popular . And it also was one of the market 's first phones that had a replaceable face plate . The plates came in a wide variety of colors , offering one of the first chances to personalize your phone 's look . The ` slider ' The popularity of early Nokia phones meant the company 's designs often became the standard for cell phones . It did n't create the first flip phone  that honor belongs to Motorola  , but the "  slider " was all Nokia . The first was the company 's 8110 model , which debuted in 1998 . How cutting edge was the design at the time ? It was the phone of choice in the futuristic 1999 sci-fi film "  The Matrix . " Mobile gaming Remember "  Snake " ? It seems laughably simple compared with the range of gaming possible on today 's smartphones . But plenty got addicted to this game . Even though it had already been in arcades , Nokia began preloading "  Snake " on its phones in 1998 . Do n't hit your own tail . Do n't hit the walls . And what the heck were those things you were eating , anyway ? Who knows -- but "  Angry Birds , " "  Candy Crush " and their app-store brethren owe a tip of the digital cap to Nokia 's vision of telephone-as-gaming-device . Windows warrior Phones running the Windows operating system have n't exactly set the marketplace on fire . In the second quarter of this year , 7.4 million phones running Windows were sold , according to Gartner Research . That 's a long way behind the No. 2 system , Apple 's iOS , with 31.9 million phones sold in that time . But Nokia has squarely positioned itself as the leading vendor of those Windows phones , making 82 % of the devices sold last year . In 2011 , Windows and Nokia announced a partnership in which Nokia switched to the Windows OS as the default system running all of its handsets . That has n't been enough to put Nokia on super-solid ground , at least not yet . But the longstanding partnership is what led to Monday 's purchase , and if having in-house hardware gives Windows Phone a boost , Microsoft and Nokia will reap the rewards .	Microsoft announced it is buying Nokia 's mobile phone division Despite smartphone struggles , Nokia has been a mobile leader It was the first to switch to an international mobile-networking system Nokia introduced phone gaming and the "  slider " style of handset
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- The wildfires that have scorched southern Greece , killing dozens of people , reached the ancient city of Olympia , birthplace of the Olympic games , an official said Sunday . Smoke rises Sunday in ancient Olympia , close to the archaeological site in western Peloponnese , Greece . The city is "  in danger , " said fire department spokeswoman Janis Stamoulis , explaining that the flames are encroaching on an old museum and archaeological center . None of the city 's historical sites has been destroyed , she said . Officials said Sunday they have arrested and charged two individuals in connection with the fires that have razed dozens of villages and killed at least 51 people , Fire Brigade Officer Nikos Tsogas said Sunday . Watch how the death toll continues to rise " One of the individuals is a 65-year-old man , who witnesses said they saw torching areas in the southern Peloponnese region near the town of Areopolis , located 190 kilometers  120 miles  southwest of Athens . Map " The second person was a 77-year-old woman who reportedly started a fire while cooking in her garden in Zaharo , one of the hardest hit areas in the south . Tsogas said authorities are deeming her behavior criminal neglect . Meanwhile , officials are also investigating a gas canister explosive device found attached to a cell phone on the outskirts of Athens . About 30 meters away rags drenched in petrol were found underneath parched brush and twigs , Tsogas said . Witness reports indicate two "  suspicious " individuals were seen near the site . Tsogas said authorities were treating the case seriously . Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis declared a nationwide state of emergency Saturday night , mobilizing all resources . View photos from the blaze and aftermath " In a nationally televised address , Karamanlis suggested the blazes might have been deliberately set by political extremists ahead of next month 's national elections . The fires have placed a damper on campaigning . "  So many fires sparked simultaneously in so many places is no coincidence , " Karamanlis said , vowing to punish those responsible . No one has the right to take human lives and destroy the environment , he added . He described the situation as a "  battle that has to be won " and ordered all resources mobilized to fight the fire . Many firefighters said they are suspicious of the fire 's source , given several witness reports that the blazes cropped up simultaneously along a 20-kilometer  12-mile  front of lush greenery in southern Greece . Scores of people have been hospitalized with severe burns and respiratory problems , state-run television reported . As of Sunday a total of 45 villages have been evacuated in the parched southern region and at least three villages north of Athens . Efforts to temper the flames have been stymied due to the sweltering heat wave gripping the area , which has left forests and scrubland parched . That , coupled with strong winds fanning the flames , have led authorities to call this the country 's worst fire season on record . Since June more than 3,000 fires have razed thousands of hectares of forests and scrubland across the country -- nearly triple last year 's total -- according to officials . Heavy smoke billowing Saturday afternoon above Mount Hymettus southeast of Athens signaled that a new fire had broken out . The worst-hit area stretched for 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the western towns of the Zaharo , within the highlands of the western Peloponnese , to the southern tip of the peninsula , Mani . A mother , her child and at least seven other people died while trying to flee a burning , wooded area in the mountainous villages in the western Peloponnese , near the town of Zaharo , according to a fire brigade official . Farther south , six people -- including two French tourists found by rescue crews in an embrace -- were killed in a forest fire that swept near their hotel in the town of Areopolis , located 190 km  120 miles  southwest of Athens . Greece 's elections are set for September 16 . The ruling party has called for a temporary suspension of political campaigning as a sign of respect to those who died in the flames , and flags on government buildings were flying at half staff Saturday . The modern Olympics began in 1896 , but the ancient games can be traced to 776 B.C. . The games were staged on the plains of Olympia for 12 centuries until 393 A.D. when Emperor Theodosius issued a ban on "  pagan cults , " according to the International Olympic Committee . E-mail to a friend Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report	NEW : Flames nearing museum , archaeological center in ancient city , official says Two individuals arrested : a 65-year-old man and a 77-year-old woman Officials investigate a gas canister explosive device near Athens The Greek prime minister has declared a nationwide state of emergency
CNN  -- For a while , it seemed that the threat from ISIS was limited to sparsely populated desert regions in the Middle East . Through brutal tactics and persecution of minorities , the Sunni extremist group brought slaughter and chaos to large areas of Syria and Iraq . But its merciless efforts to establish its version of an Islamic caliphate unsettled the wider region , prompting U.S. airstrikes aimed at stemming its advance . The Islamic militant group has responded by beheading three of its Western hostages in recent weeks , ratcheting up the crisis . It has also amped up the rhetoric , threatening attacks on the United States and its allies . On Monday , several countries quickly rejected the threats , which were made in an audio recording from an ISIS leader who urged attacks on civilians in the United States and other Western nations . The situation underscores the question of what ISIS hopes to gain through the intensifying conflict with the United States and its allies . What has ISIS been saying about the U.S. ? ISIS , which calls itself the "  Islamic State , " has been ramping up its threats against the United States and the West for months . The extremist group publicly warned of "  direct confrontation " with the U.S. as far back as January , according to the National Counterterrorism Center . ISIS has also "  repeatedly taunted Americans , " the center said , notably during the recent videotaped executions of journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . The killings of Foley and Sotloff took place after the U.S. military began airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq to help Kurdish and Iraqi forces beat back the militants ' rapid advance . President Obama has since announced his anti-ISIS strategy , which is expected to involve expanding the airstrikes into the chaotic Syrian battle zone . The U.S. has also been working to build up a coalition of countries to help counter the threat from ISIS , which is also known as ISIL . Why is ISIS so eager to pick a fight with America ? This summer , ISIS declared the establishment of a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state stretching across the territory it has conquered . A former ISIS fighter told CNN this month that the group 's main aim is "  to establish an Islamic state that will encompass the Arab world . " "  And after that , we go to other countries , " the man said in an interview in Turkey . With that goal in mind , taunting and antagonizing the world 's foremost military power may not seem like the wisest way for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to expand and consolidate his territory in the Middle East . But analysts say that for the group to be seen around the world as locked in battle with the U.S. is an effective means of rallying more fighters to ISIS ' banner . "  For al-Baghdadi , fighting America and its coalition of 40 countries is a badge of honor , a powerful recruiting tool . It is proof that he and his organization have become the leaders of global jihad , toppling al Qaeda , their rival in that contest , " world affairs columnist Frida Ghitis wrote in a commentary for CNN . Will it work ? With the U.S. military carrying out strikes against ISIS forces , the extremist group is able to exploit the situation for propaganda purposes . The group said the executions of Foley and Sotloff were in response to the American airstrikes in Iraq . "  I 'm back , Obama , and I 'm back because of your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State , " the executioner says in the video of Sotloff 's beheading . "  Just as your missiles continue to strike our people , our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people . " The beheadings further intensified attention on ISIS and its efforts to impose its heavy-handed rule on parts of Iraq and Syria . U.S. intelligence officials estimate that more than 2,000 Europeans and more than 100 Americans have flocked Syria to fight with extremist groups there . They say it 's unclear precisely how many of them have joined ISIS . But the strategy could backfire . "  ISIS is gambling that drawing America and the West into the fight will make it stronger , but if the West is strategic and smart , this move will prove to be ISIS ' worst mistake , " said Ghitis . What kind of threat does ISIS pose to the U.S. ? U.S. officials say that ISIS fighters are n't a direct threat to the U.S. homeland at the moment . "  At this point , we have no information that ISIL is plotting an attack inside the United States , " Matthew Olsen , the director of the National Counterterrorism Center , said last week in testimony to Congress . The dangers , officials say , are to U.S. personnel and infrastructure in Iraq -- and from militants with U.S. or other Western passports potentially returning home and staging attacks . "  What really worries American counterterrorism officials is that ISIS will prioritize launching attacks against the United States , will train Western recruits in bomb-making and send them back , " said CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . The suspect in the deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum in May recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , according to French officials . Prosecutors say that when police arrested the French citizen , they also seized a Kalashnikov rifle wrapped in a flag bearing the ISIS insignia . What about the risk of homegrown attacks ? That 's what security analysts say is cause for concern -- and what ISIS appears to be urging in its new audio message . Attacks by homegrown terrorists are n't new . In recent years , the United States has experienced the horror of the Boston Marathon bombings and the Fort Hood shooting . Al Qaeda has long urged individuals in the West to mount their own attacks , providing instructions on matters like bomb-making in its magazine , Inspire . The Boston marathon bombers used pressure cooker devices they apparently learned to make online . The National Counterterrorism Center says homegrown violent extremists are "  the most likely immediate threat to the homeland . " It estimates that the level of activity of such extremists has remained consistent over the past few years , but that ISIS ' influence could start to play a role . "  We remain mindful of the possibility that an ISIL-sympathizer could conduct a limited , self-directed attack here at home with no warning , " the center says . Officials say they are particularly concerned about ISIS ' skillful use of propaganda , particularly on social media , to reach an audience in the West . Have there already been any cases of ISIS-inspired attackers in the West ? U.S. authorities have alleged that a man who owns an upstate New York food store funded ISIS , tried to send jihadists to Syria and plotted to kill U.S. troops who had served in Iraq . Mufid A. Elfgeeh , 30 , was arrested on May 31 , though federal officials did n't outline the case against him until last week . Elfgeeh , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Yemen , has pleaded not guilty to the charges , which include trying "  to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization " and attempting to kill officers and employees of the United States . In Australia , whose government has pledged combat aircraft and military advisers to the fight against ISIS , authorities carried out a large-scale anti-terrorism operation last week . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said that an Australian high up in ISIS had been calling on his networks in Australia to carry out "  demonstration killings . " Australian media reported that the alleged assailants planned to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and then drape him or her in an ISIS flag . Authorities declined to give details about the threat , citing an ongoing operation . Was the U.S. slow to grasp the scale of the ISIS menace ? While ISIS has been taunting the United States for months -- including publishing images of American soldiers engulfed in flames in its online magazine -- some critics have suggested Obama initially underestimated the extremist group . In particular , the President 's comments to The New Yorker in January have been singled out . "  The analogy we use around here sometimes , and I think is accurate , is if a J.V. team puts on Lakers uniforms , that does n't make them Kobe Bryant , " Obama told the magazine . Months later , Obama ordered airstrikes against the group , which he has described as a "  cancer . " His defense secretary , Chuck Hagel , said last month the threat from ISIS was "  beyond anything we have seen . " But senior administration officials have defended Obama 's earlier characterization of the extremists . "  The President was right , " Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN last month . "  They did not pose a threat like al Qaeda central to us in the homeland . "	Fighting the U.S. is "  a badge of honor " that helps ISIS recruitment , commentator says But taking on the world 's top military power also comes with risks U.S. intelligence officials have said they 're not aware of an ISIS plot inside the U.S.
CNN  While the New Jersey governor 's unusual adoration of the Dallas Cowboys has been well documented , Chris Christie 's loyalty for America 's team was on full display Sunday night when he was seen giving Cowboys owner Jerry Jones a bear hug after the team made a huge comeback to defeat the Detroit Lions . His embrace quickly spread via social media , drawing detractors and defenders alike for the governor 's NFL preference . As for the ribbing he got online , Christie said Monday morning that nobody was giving him a hard time until the Cowboys started doing welâ $ ` l. "  I would take all the abuse that I 'm taking from some of these folks in return for Cowboys playoff wins , " Christie said on WFAN 's "  Boomer & Carton " radio show , where he does regular call-in interviews . The Republican described the celebratory mood in Jones ' box as "  pandemonium " after the game . The locker room , he added , was also ecstatic , and he recalled being hugged by wide receiver Dez Bryant . Asked about the orange sweater he wore to the game , Christie said it was a good luck charm , one that he 's sported to every game he 's been to this year . "  And They 've won all five , " he said . Christie defended his longtime , out-of-state loyalty , saying "  you are who you are as a fan , " adding that he 's also remained a New York Rangers fan in the NHL rather than a New Jersey Devils fan . " He said he hopes to go to the Cowboys playoff game next weekend against the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field in Wisconsin . Asked if he 'll pay a visit to Gov. Scott Walker , a potential 2016 rival for the GOP presidential nomination , while he 's there , Christie said : "  Of course . Scott and I are friends , and I 'll see Scott . " The New Jersey native has long been clear about his professional football allegiance , saying it dates back to when he was fascinated by quarterback Roger Staubach as a kid . Christie said in 2013 that his father was a Giants fan -- "  Every Sunday , he 'd watch the Giants and yell at the TV set " -- and part of his own motivation for favoring the Cowboys stemmed from watching his dad get so upset on game days . "  I used to think to myself , why do I want to root for a team that makes you angry ? So I decided not to . " More recently in a late December interview , Christie was grilled by New Jersey reporter Steve Adubato about appearances with Jones in the Dallas Cowboys owners ' box . "  What is the deal ? " Adubato demanded during his hour-long interview with Christie shortly before Christmas . Christie defended his loyalty to the Cowboys as a badge of honor : "  You do n't change your sports teams . You know ? So that 's who I am . " His brother , Todd Christie , also came to his defense on Sunday night , writing in a fiery Facebook post : "  To all of those non Cowboy fans who have their panties in a ringer because the Governor of NJ is a Cowboys fan -- GET A LIFE !!! " While Christie acknowledges it 's politically incorrect to be a Cowboys fan in New Jersey , it could be a smart move in the Garden State , which technically does n't have an NFL team . Choosing one of the New York teams might not win him many friends in the southern part of the state , close to the Philadelphia Eagles -- and vice versa . Regardless of his sports affiliations , Christie 's friendship with Jones -- which he said developed over the past five years -- could be a valuable asset to the New Jersey governor if he runs for president in 2016 . More importantly , Christie 's friendship with Jones could help widen his donor network in a state where both Perry and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush -- two potential competitors -- have deep ties to many wealthy contributors across the state . Jones has been a generous contributor to Texas Gov. Rick Perry over the years , and also contributed to 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign early in the cycle . Asked if he thinks he can carry Texas now if he runs for president , Christie joked on the radio show Monday : "  I think our chances have improved . " Still , Christie has caught flack for his NFL choice . Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell said last month that Christie 's unapologetic love for the Cowboys is "  pathetic " and rooted in a "  basic inferiority complex . " "  If you are a Jerseyite or a Pennsylvanian and you 're rooting for the Cowboys , it means you 're not secure in yourself and you wanted to root for a team that was a team in your youth that was a constant winner , " the Philadelphia Eagles fan said Thursday on a radio show . He was booed by some of the children in the crowd at a central New Jersey elementary school during his 2013 gubernatorial campaign when he admitted the Cowboys were his favorite team . Before revealing that choice , he warned the audience that his answer often "  gets all my political advisers nervous . " Christie 's favorite basketball team , the New York Knicks , drew a more favorable response from the elementary school audience . When he named his favorite baseball team , the New York Mets , he got some heat from the young Yankees fans in the crowd . But some came to his defense Sunday night , including former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe , who tweeted that it "  takes guts " for someone to stand by their team .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie defended his love of the Dallas Cowboys on a radio show Monday morning Christie gave Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones a big hug after the Dallas team 's victory Sunday His allegiance could come in handy as he considers a 2016 presidential bid
CNN  -- A copyright dispute over royalties from an acclaimed film , "  Raging Bull , " can go the distance after the Supreme Court on Monday allowed a lawsuit to move ahead . The appeal deals with a 1963 book and screenplay on the life of former middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta , who wrote it with his childhood friend and business partner , Frank "  Peter " Petrella . LaMotta 's story was made into the 1980 movie , starring Robert De Niro . The justices , by a 6-3 vote , concluded Petrella 's daughter did not wait too long to make her claims against Metro-Goldwyn Mayer , which made and distributed the Academy Award-winning drama . The case on the merits will now be heard in lower federal courts . Entertainment companies will likely be affected financially by the ruling . Earlier courts had limited similar lawsuits , often filed many years after movies , plays , and television shows first premiered , by the estates of actors , writers , and producers . With new electronic outlets emerging for a range of entertainment and literary properties , those companies may have to rethink their strategy when negotiating not only rights to the original creative property , but such retooled content as merchandising , spinoffs , and video games . The underlying issue was a lot more dry and technical than the film itself : equitable defense and tolling for remedies in civil copyright claims . That was apparently enough to temper the court 's creative streak in Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's majority opinion -- no pop culture references to showbiz or sports ; no clever rhetoric about this being a "  knockout " legal fight ; and no justice who would admit ever seeing the acclaimed film . At issue is whether rolling time limits in filing copyright infringement lawsuits applied in this case . She claimed ownership over the original screenplay and the subsequent rights to the story . Her father died a year after the movie 's release . Federal copyright law gave Paula Petrella the sole right to renew the copyrights before the term expired , which she did in 1991 . But her lawsuit was not filed until 2009 . MGM Studios and 20th Century Fox -- the movie 's distributor -- say that violates the established legal principle of "  laches , " which bars most claims that are unreasonably delayed , on the theory it would unfairly burden the adverse party . Both sides also dispute what ownership rights the studio retained after the elder Petrella 's death , and which were subsequently returned to his daughter . Paula Petrella claims she is the sole owner of the book and the original screenplay , and that the subsequent film infringes on those copyrights . She seeks damages dating back three years from the filing of the lawsuit , and an injunction on further distribution of the work without compensation . Her lawyers claim the delay over years was caused by fear of retaliation , lack of money to file the suit , and being told by the studio that "  Raging Bull " was no longer making money . The federal government backed her , at least in part . MGM and Fox say they have invested heavily to convert the film to formats such as DVD for home viewing , and for overseas distribution . The companies say having an open-ended period to file copyright claims makes it hard to make future business decisions . But Ginsburg , writing for the court , concluded the studio had the weaker argument . "  If the rule were , as MGM urges , ` sue soon , or forever hold your peace , ' copyright owners would have to mount a federal case fast to stop seemingly innocuous infringements , lest those infringements eventually grow in magnitude , " she said . The three-year limitations period "  allows a copyright owner to defer suit until she can estimate whether litigation is worth the candle . She will miss out on damages for periods prior to the three-year look-back , but her right to prospective injunctive relief should , in most cases , remain unaltered . " Ginsburg added , "  Allowing Petrella 's suit to go forward will put at risk only a fraction of the income MGM has earned during that period and will work no unjust hardship on innocent third parties , such as consumers who have purchased copies of ` Raging Bull . ' " Justices Stephen Breyer and Anthony Kennedy , along with Chief Justice John Roberts dissented . Copyright experts say the high court 's ruling will make it easier to press decades-old copyright claims . "  Hollywood has an insatiable appetite for recycling old film content , " said William Kane , an attorney with BakerHostetler . "  Increasingly copyright ownership for much of this older content has now been passed down to the families and heirs of the original creators . And if the current owners did not sign over all their copyrights to the industry , you end up with potentially multi-billion dollar clashes of interest . " "  Raging Bull " won two Oscars , including best actor for De Niro , who portrayed the boxer . LaMotta is 92 and not a party in the appeal . The fighter also known as the "  Bronx Bull " held the middleweight title from 1949-51 . The case is Petrella v. MGM , Inc.  12-1315  .	The Supreme Court permits lawsuit to move ahead years after being filed The justices say daughter of book co-author did n't wait too long to make her claims She claimed ownership of the original screenplay and subsequent rights Entertainment companies are likely to be impacted by the ruling
EW.com  -- Bravo had a good year in 2013 -- so good that the network is adding an ambitious 15 new original shows to its programming . Famous for hits like the "  Real Housewives " series , Bravo earned the No. 1 spot in 2013 for the most engaged , educated , and affluent viewers for the 18-49 age group in prime time , and it 's now averaging 1.1 million total viewers . "  Our strategy of creating a total multi-platform lifestyle experience for our Affluencers is paying off with not just viewership growth across the board , but also loyalty , which is at an all-time high for Bravo , " Bravo president Frances Berwick said in a statement . "  This diversified new lineup , which includes two scripted series and our first ` real-time ' docu-series , will satisfy fans and also bring in new affluent viewers . " See what new shows Bravo has in store below , along with what series will be returning : New scripted series : "  Odd Mom Left Out " -- Jill Kargmen struggles to keep up with the wealthy , hip moms of the Upper East Side in this half-hour comedy . "  Girlfriend 's Guide to Divorce " -- A self-help book author needs some help herself after she secretly separates from her husband and finds herself single in her 40s living in Los Angeles . New unscripted series : "  Top Chef Duels " -- The 18 most memorable contestants from previous Top Chef seasons return to the kitchen to compete with each other one-on-one as celebrity chef Curtis Stone hosts . "  Best New Restaurant " -- Tom Colicchio and company pick sixteen of the country 's best new restaurants to battle , leaving one with a cash prize and the title of "  Best New Restaurant . " "  100 Dates " -- A group of young New Yorkers try to find love in the city in this docu-drama , with each week 's episode being shot and airing in the same week to allow viewers to participate in the action in real-time via social media . "  Friends to Lovers ? " -- Think Friends with Benefits  or , equally applicable , No Strings Attached  but a reality show : Platonic friends try dating to see what happens to their relationships . "  Manzo 'd with Children " -- Real Housewife of New Jersey Caroline Manzo shows the world her less-than-typical Italian family . "  Euros of Hollywood " -- Six Europeans hailing from places from Albania to Italy seek to take on America when they move to Los Angeles to find out how close to the top they can get . "  Ladies of London " -- This docu-series will follow the lives of a group of prim-and-proper British socialites and their day-to-day dramas . "  Game of Crowns -- Six mothers and wives compete in a "  Mrs. " pageant and juggle finding the right bikini and raising their kids right . "  Million Dollar Listing Miami " -- Three luxury real estate agents fight for the biggest listings and for the most prestige in the up-and-coming real estate market of South Florida . "  Jersey Belle " -- Jamie Primak Sullivan was a Hollywood publicist -- until she moved to a suburb in Alabama and married her town 's hottest bachelor . The docu-series will follow her new life in the south as we watch her balance her city girl roots with her southern home . "  Untying the Knot " -- "  Divorce Diva " Vikki Ziegler helps couples divide their assets when they 're going through divorces , and in this show we 'll get to see how Ziegler deals with one of the messier parts of divorce . "  Extreme Guide to Parenting " -- The proper way to parent is a hotly debated topic , and this docu-series will tackle it head-on as it gives us a look at two sets of parents who have very different ways of raising their kids . "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta : Kandi 's Wedding " -- Kandi Burruss and Todd Tucker are getting married , and this series will document their planning process -- including how they 're going to pull of a Coming to America-themed ceremony . Unscripted projects in development "  Going Going Gone -- Viewers can call in to bid on unique items , ranging from a dress modeled by Naomi Campbell to one of Wolfgang Puck 's old knives , in a live televised estate sale . "  Tour Group " -- In this luxury travel docu-series , a group of wealthy travelers get together to wander the globe and visit the world 's most scenic sights . "  Gen XYZ " -- Can women have it all ? That 's the question this reality series asks as it follows six successful women navigating the balance between their careers in fashion and beauty industries and their personal lives . Returning shows "  Below Deck "  season 2 "  Do n't Be Tardy "  season 3 "  Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles "  season 7 "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey "  season 6 "  Top Chef "  season 12 "  The Millionaire Matchmaker "  season 8 "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta "  season 7 "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills "  season 5 "  Shahs of Sunset "  season 4 "  Vanderpump Rules "  season 3 "  Fashion Queens "  season 3 "  Newlyweds "  season 2 "  Thicker Than Water "  season 2 "  Blood , Sweat , & Heels "  season 2 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The network is adding 15 new original shows Bravo earned a No. 1 spot in 2013 Several shows will also be returning
CNN  -- My favorite part of academic debate has always been the cross-examination period . We got a little piece of that  but not enough  in the Republican presidential debate Tuesday hosted by Bloomberg and the Washington Post . The presidential hopefuls were allowed to ask an opponent one question . Mitt Romney faced seven opponents , and four of them directed their questions at him because he is seen as the frontrunner . While this can be a good idea in theory to try and trip up the frontrunner , it actually helped Romney . The only two people to get significant air time in the first hour were Romney and Herman Cain . So by asking Romney more questions , the other candidates gave him even more time to present his case to the public . The strategy of the other candidates might have worked if he was on the ropes or was stumbling in the debate , but Romney had not given his opponents any obvious openings . In his answers to the four questions from his opponents , Romney did well . His answer to Newt Gingrich 's question was one of Romney 's strongest moments of the debate when he highlighted how his economic plan would help the middle class . He underscored that the middle class has been hit the hardest by the economic downturn , so any presidential candidate should begin by focusing on helping them . Herman Cain is pretty clever in these exchanges . You can tell he has a few lines that are well rehearsed . In fact , when it was his turn to ask a question , I actually thought he might try to ask himself the question . That way he could insert 9-9-9 into both a question and an answer  which would be a feat even for him  . Instead he asked Romney if he could list off all 59 points of his plan . This question was designed to showcase the simplicity of Cain 's plan in comparison . The question was effective enough , but might have backfired when Romney used it to his advantage to say that simple answers are oftentimes inadequate . Romney took a unique approach . His question was directed at Michele Bachmann . On its face , it seems like a puzzling approach , but I actually like the strategy . It gave air time to someone Romney does not think will be a factor , thereby taking time away from his main rivals . Plus , he simply asked Bachmann how she could help the economy by putting people to work , which guided her answer away from attacking Romney in her free time . It was a smart choice . Three of the candidates used their questions to also make solid points . Ron Paul asked Cain about his time spent chairing a Federal Reserve Bank , which is a negative with Paul . Paul 's question made the argument that he was correct all along about not trusting the Federal Reserve . Michele Bachmann used her question to attack Rick Perry and remind everyone that she has always been a conservative while Perry used to be a Democrat working for Al Gore . Rick Santorum also asked Cain a question that made an argument . As part of his question , he attacked the 9-9-9 plan by asking the audience who wanted to pay a 9 % sales tax . Santorum then asked the audience if they believed the federal government would stick to a 9 % income tax . He used their silence to question and attack Cain . Share your view on the debate Rick Perry does n't seem to get any part of these debates right , and that included the section where he was allowed to ask any other candidate a question . Perry asked Romney a question about health care , but he failed to have depth in his question or attack . Perry failed to make a positive point about his own health care policy and forgot that in answering the question , Romney would get to freely blast away at the lack of health care for children in Perry 's home state of Texas . This was a perfect example of the person answering the questions turning it against the questioner . As is becoming a trend in these debates , Perry came out on the wrong end of that exchange . Presidential candidates should get to ask each other more questions in the future . Such an approach would add substance , and allowing follow-up questions by the candidates would be even better , since we could more easily judge the depth and knowledge of each candidate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Candidates directed their questions at front-runner Romney He says Romney handled the questions deftly Graham says Cain seems well prepared while Perry fares poorly He says candidates should get to ask each other more questions in the future
CNN  A heroic dog that rose to Internet fame after attempting to save her owner from an Ohio house fire was released from an animal hospital and is now at home with her new family . Carmen , a 9-year-old boxer , went home Monday with Phil Ledford and his wife Elizabeth after two weeks of 24-hour care at an animal hospital . Phil Ledford 's brother Ben Ledford was Carmen 's original owner . He died in a February 5 fire . Phil Ledford said the homecoming is bittersweet . "  It 'll be tough in that sense , seeing Carmen everyday , because she will remind me of Ben , " Phil Ledford told CNN affiliate WCPO . "  But it 'll be like having a piece of him around , " he said . First responders to the fire found Carmen on top of Ben Ledford , trying to shelter his face from the heat , smoke and flame , according to WCPO . Ledford , 33 , was taken to a hospital where he died . Carmen ended up at Cincinnati 's Care Center , a critical care veterinary hospital where she has been ever since . Carmen was initially battling severe lung damage and smoke inhalation , Dr. Daniel Carey , a vet at the hospital , told WCPO . Carmen was able to come off oxygen support over the weekend and has been eating on her own , according to a post on the Facebook page of the animal hospital Care Center Vets in Cincinnati . "  We will all miss her sweet , loving face  and kisses  , but we are so glad she is able to be home with her family tonight , " the post said . Fans of Carmen have donated more than $ 29,000 toward the $ 25,000 goal for the care of the boxer on the Crowdrise website . Many dog lovers posted messages with their donations . "  We have a boxer baby , and this act of devotion is not surprising , " Don and Lukasz Mallory wrote Friday on the crowdfunding site . "  Prayers to the family for their loss and to Carmen for a fast recovery . If a dog can be this devoted to a human being , how much more should we be to each other . " Phil Ledford said he knows his brother would be happy to see Carmen "  healthy and happy . " "  We still can not find the words to truly express how much we appreciate the support we 've received from everyone for Ben , the family and for Carmen , " Phil Ledford said on the crowdfunding site . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Carmen was critically injured February 5 Her owner was killed in house fire Carmen now at home with deceased owner 's brother
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova put memories of her first round defeat at last year 's Australian Open firmly behind her with a convincing opening victory over Tamarine Tanasugarn of Thailand . Former champion Sharapova was shocked by fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko in 2010 as she struggled to find her best form after shoulder surgery , but all that was forgotten with a 6-1 6-3 victory at Melbourne Park on Monday . Given the first slot again on the showpiece Rod Laver Arena , Sharapova dropped the first game to love after serving two double faults and admitted thoughts of her loss last year were at the back of her mind . "  I was definitely a little bit nervous in the first game , " Sharapova told the official Australian Open website . "  Last year I played first match on center and lost . I really did n't want that to happen again . In the middle of the first set , I started swinging a little bit . " Should the Australian Open be played in February ? The 14th seed then reeled off the next six games to take the opener in just 25 minutes . Sharapova trailed 3-1 in the second set before a run of five straight wins enabled her to close out a comfortable win . Top seed Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark also came through a tough-looking opener against Argentina 's Gisela Dulko , the world number one in doubles . Wozniacki won 6-3 6-4 in one hour 40 minutes , putting an early defeat at last week 's WTA tournament in Sydney behind her as she bids for her first grand slam title . Australian Open : From nomad to nouveau riche With defending champion Serena Williams absent through injury , her sister Venus Williams is hoping to keep the title in the family and the fourth seed made a convincing start , beating Italian Sara Errani 6-3 6-2 in their first round match . French Open champion Francesca Schiavone dropped the first set to Spain 's Arantxa Para Santonja before winning 6-7 6-2 6-4 . Last week 's winner in Sydney , China 's Li Na , continued her fine form with a 6-1 7-5 win over Swede Sofia Arvidsson to advance . Former world number one Justine Henin , playing her first WTA tour match since losing to fellow Belgian Kim Clijsters in the last 16 at Wimbledon last year , came through a tough test against India 's Sania Mirza . Henin won 5-7 6-3 6-1 to set up a second-round clash with Britain 's Elena Baltacha . Henin , who has been sidelined with an elbow injury told the official website : "  I think I need this kind of match to really get into the tournament like I want to be and at my best level . " Clijsters , looking to win back to back grand slams after retaining the U.S. Open title , has a difficult first round match Tuesday against former world number one Dinara Safina .	NEW : Justine Henin beats Sania Mirza of India in three sets in her comeback match Maria Sharapova beats Tamarine Tanasugarn in Australian Open first round 2008 champion Sharapova beaten at same stage last year by Maria Kirilenko Venus Williams and world number one Caroline Wozniacki advance
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Men taking any of three erectile dysfunction drugs -- Viagra , Levitra or Cialis -- may be at increased risk for sudden hearing loss , prompting Food and Drug Administration officials to require label changes for the medications . The FDA is requiring label changes for drugs that may increase the risk of sudden hearing loss . The FDA said manufacturers must change the labels "  to display more prominently the potential risk of sudden hearing loss , " according to the agency 's Web site . Labeling must also be changed for the blood pressure medication Revatio , which has the same active ingredient as the other drugs . Men taking any of the ED drugs and experiencing hearing loss should immediately stop taking the drug and see their physician , the FDA said . Patients taking Revatio and experiencing hearing loss should not discontinue taking the drug because it is used to treat a potentially life-threatening condition , the FDA said . Those patients are urged to see their physicians immediately . The FDA is requiring the label change for the entire class of drugs -- called Phosphodiesterase Type 5 Inhibitor , or PD-5 inhibitors . The FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to the change their labels . "  This is basically a public health announcement to let people decide if they want to take the drug , " Dr. Robert Boucher said . Boucher is an ear , nose and throat specialist for the FDA who reviewed reports of sudden hearing loss in patients taking these drugs . The FDA began investigating the possible link between hearing loss and ED drugs after the publication of an article for ear , nose and throat specialists in last April 's Journal of Laryntology and Otology , according to FDA spokeswoman Rita Chappelle . The study reported on a man taking Viagra who had experienced sudden hearing loss . This prompted the FDA to look for other reports of sudden hearing loss . The FDA found a total of 29 reports , which involved patients experiencing ringing in their ears , vertigo and/or dizziness . In most cases , the hearing loss only occurred in one ear , and for about one third of patients , the hearing loss was temporary . Boucher said "  these 29 adverse event reports date back to 1996 , when Viagra , the first impotence drug , was approved . " "  So , we 're only talking about a couple cases per year , " he said . He said 40 million prescriptions of all four drugs have been filled worldwide so far . "  This is a very small number of cases , but because we 're talking about a person 's ability to hear , we thought it was important to make the label clear that this is a possible event , " Chappelle said . There are about 4,000 new cases of sudden hearing loss in the United States each year , according to the National Institutes of Health . Hearing loss can be caused by blood flow blockage as a result of diabetes or other illness , smoking , age and antibiotics . Pfizer manufactures Viagra and Revatio and Eli Lilly manufactures Cialis . Levitra , developed by GlaxoSmithKline and Bayer HealthCare , is jointly promoted in the United States by GSK and Schering-Plough Corporation . Representatives from Pfizer and Eli Lilly stressed that this is a "  class label change " for all such drugs . In separate statements , Pfizer and Lilly representatives said "  the FDA is making this change in the interests of patients so that patients can make informed decisions regarding PD-5 medications . " GlaxoSmithKline did not return calls , but Schering-Plough noted that "  based on patient reports , all occurrences of sudden hearing loss in patients taking Levitra were temporary . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Amy Burkholder and Ben Leach contributed to this report .	FDA requiring label changes for Viagra , Levitra , Cialis and Revatio Labels must clearly display potential risk of sudden hearing loss FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to change their labels There are about 4,000 new cases of sudden hearing loss in the U.S. each year
They seemed so triumphant at the time , the lyrics to country music star Mindy McCready 's hope-filled title track to her most recent album , "  I 'm Still Here . " "  On a cold dark cloud , with nowhere to fall but down , like a single , naked , unrelenting tear ... I 'm still here . " Now , those words sound like a cry for help . On Sunday afternoon , McCready , whose turbulent personal life overshadowed her music , was found dead on the front porch of her Arkansas home , the victim , authorities said , of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . She was 37 . McCready also appears to have shot and killed a dog that belonged to her late boyfriend , record producer David Wilson , before shooting herself , Cleburne County Sheriff Marty Moss said Monday . McCready is fifth ` Celebrity Rehab ' cast member to die in two years Moss added that it appeared McCready was home alone . McCready leaves behind two sons , 6-year-old Zander and 10-month-old Zayne . "  Zayne and Zander are loved , cared for and comfortable with foster families at this time , " her representative told CNN in a statement . The boys are in foster homes , the representative told CNN . Just a month earlier , police had paid another visit to the house in Heber Springs . On that day , they found Wilson , the infant 's father , dead on the porch . It has been reported that he also committed suicide by shooting himself , but Arkansas authorities say it 's still an open investigation . "  We 're currently still gathering information in regards to Mr. Wilson 's case and Ms. McCready 's case , " Moss said . "  When we 're able to lay all that out there , we will do so at that time . " Just a few weeks ago , a sobbing McCready appeared on NBC 's "  Today " show and denied she had anything to do with Wilson 's death . "  Oh , my God , no . Oh , my God , no , " she said . "  He was my life . We were each other 's life . " After Wilson 's death , McCready took a turn for the worse . Her father pushed for her to be committed to a mental institution . The father of her oldest son , Billy McKnight , tried to regain custody of Zander . Court papers say "  McKnight is concerned about McCready 's psychological state " and "  has grave concerns for the welfare and safety " of Zander . The long , tortured journey of Mindy McCready Spiraling downward Born Malinda McCready , she burst onto the music scene in 1996 with her debut album , "  Ten Thousand Angels . " It sold more than 2 million copies . Her chart-topping hit "  Guys Do It All The Time " followed that same year . In all , she put 14 songs and six of her albums on the Billboard country charts . But through it all , she was spiraling downward ; the final fall was painful and precipitous . She struggled , often publicly , with addiction and mental illness . In 2004 , McCready was placed on three years ' probation after she pleaded guilty to fraudulently obtaining the painkiller OxyContin at a pharmacy . The next year , she was arrested in Nashville for drunken driving , and was allegedly beaten and choked by ex-boyfriend Billy McKnight , who was charged with attempted murder . "  Yes , things have been going bad , " she told CNN in 2005 . "  I think it 's God 's way of getting my attention , saying , ` You better wake up , girl . I have important stuff for you to do in life , ' and I 've definitely been preoccupied or sidetracked doing the wrong things . " Before 2005 ended , McCready had suffered two drug overdoses , was arrested on drug charges , was pregnant with McKnight 's child and , authorities say , attempted suicide . She attempted suicide again in 2008 , authorities say , and overdosed again on drugs in 2010 before joining the cast of VH1 's "  Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew . " The reality show chronicles the lives of celebrities as they 're treated for alcohol and drug addiction . Stars reflect on McCready 's death Celebrity rehab Dr. Drew Pinsky said he contacted McCready last month after her boyfriend 's death . "  When I heard she was struggling , I did reach out to her and urged her to go to take care of herself , get in a facility if she felt she needed , " said Pinsky , who hosts a program on CNN 's sister network HLN . "  Her biggest fear was the stigma of doing so and what people would think if she , God forbid , took care of herself . And this to me is the most distressing part of this story . She is a lovely woman , we have lost her , and it did n't have to go down like this . " On one episode of the show , McCready performed "  I 'm Still Here , " dedicating it to the other cast members , who included Dennis Rodman , Heidi Fleiss and Mackenzie Phillips . "  When I was writing this song , I was in jail , " the singer said tearfully . "  I never knew it , but I was writing for all of you . " Custody battle In recent years , McCready had waged a public battle for custody of her elder son , Zander , whose father is McKnight . In 2011 , she took the boy from her mother , who had legal custody , and fled with him to her home in Arkansas , saying she had concerns over his safety . McCready fights for custody of her son A judge ordered authorities to pick up the boy and , days later , authorities found the boy and McCready in a closet at her home . In addition to her relationship with McKnight , McCready had romances with musician David Malloy and actor Dean Cain ; she also said she had had an affair with baseball player Roger Clemens , which he did n't confirm or deny . But Clemens did issue a statement Monday from training camp with the Houston Astros in Kissimmee , Florida . "  Yes , this is sad news , " he said . "  I had heard over time that she was trying to get peace and direction in her life . The few times that I had met her and her manager/agent they were extremely nice . " In 2010 , Vivid Entertainment released a porn video called "  Mindy McCready , Baseball Mistress " that featured McCready having sex with a man referred to as "  Peter " and talking about her exploits with Clemens . Country outpouring Sunday night , country music stars offered their condolences as they learned of McCready 's death . "  My heart goes out to Mindy McCready 's family . I knew her well , " singer LeAnn Rimes said on Twitter . "  It 's a horrible tragedy . May peace be with her sons . " Carrie Underwood said she grew up listening to McCready . And country artist Terri Clark said she had had some fun times with her "  back in the day . " "  I hope our society shows compassion and realizes the severity and reality of mental illness , and addiction , " she tweeted . Singer Wynonna Judd posted a series of tweets also calling attention to addiction and mental illness . "  It breaks my heart what addiction continues to take from this life , " she said . "  Addiction is a disEASE & not a character flaw . When the pain becomes too much , it causes people to want that pain to stop . This is just so unbelieveable & so sad . " Mindy McCready : A playlist In her words A year ago , McCready posted excerpts of a book she said was upcoming about her life . She acknowledged a difficult upbringing , personal problems and the challenges she faced turning her life around . "  I have n't had a hit in almost a decade , " she wrote in January 2012 on her official fan website . "  I 've spent my fortune , tarnished my public view and made myself the brunt of punch line after punch line . "  I 've been beaten , sued , robbed , arrested , jailed , and evicted . "  But I 'm still here . With a handful of people that I know and trust , a revived determination , and both middle fingers up in the air , I 'm ready . I 've been here before . I 'm a fighter . I 'm down , but I 'll never be out . " But Sunday , on the porch of her home , she may have changed her mind . On Monday , McCready 's publicist asked that the family be left alone . "  It is with the deepest sadness we say goodbye to an extraordinary and gifted talent , a daughter , a mother and friend , Miss Mindy McCready , " said Kat Atwood in a statement . "  Our attention at this time is devoted to the needs and care of Mindy 's family . As Mindy spent much of her life in the public eye , we respectfully request your consideration and sensitivity to enable friends and family this time of ` quiet . ' " McCready 's "  friends in music " are planning to organize a memorial in Nashville , she said . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Sheriff says investigation into her apparent suicide , her boyfriend 's death are ongoing Former singer apparently killed her late boyfriend 's dog first She struggled for years with addiction and mental illness She burst onto the scene in 1996 with her album "  Ten Thousand Angels "
TIME.com  -- Even if you 're not a fan of broccoli , your joints may be . Nutritionists have rhapsodized about the various benefits of broccoli â $ " the cruciferous vegetable is stuffed with vitamins A , B , K , C , as well as nutrients such as potassium , zinc and fiber â $ " and arthritis sufferers may soon join them . Along with its cousins brussel sprouts , cauliflower and cabbage , broccoli contains sulfur compounds that can filter out carcinogens that promote tumor growth . The latest study , published in the journal Arthritis & Rheumatism , shows that those substances may also battle inflammation , which is at the root of osteoarthritis , a painful , degenerative joint disease in which cartilage that normally protects joints starts to wear away under the influence of the inflammatory factors . For the estimated 12.4 million people affected by arthritis in the United States , these results are certainly welcome news . TIME.com : Acupuncture may offer real relief for chronic pain Starting with studies in mice , the researchers found that animals that ate a diet high in the sulforaphane found in broccoli had significantly less cartilage damage and signs of osteoarthritis compared to mice who did not consume sulforaphane . The team then moved to human and cow cartilage cells , and found that the sulforaphane was equally effective in protecting these cells from damage . The sulfur-based compound , they say , may be blocking enzymes that contribute to inflammation in cartilage , and the scientists are starting a trial to see if broccoli can protect a small group of arthritis patients getting knee replacement surgery . If that trial confirms these early results , that could help more people to avoid arthritis to begin with ; although surgery can treat symptoms , protecting joints from irreversible damage would keep joints stronger for a longer period of time . "  Although surgery is very successful , it is not really an answer . Once you have osteoarthritis , being able to slow its progress and the progression to surgery is really important , study author Ian Clark , professor of musculoskeletal biology at the University of East Anglia said in a statement . "  Prevention would be preferable and changes to lifestyle , like diet , may be the only way to do that . " Not to mention that a broccoli-rich diet could lower risk of other chronic diseases like obesity , which prior studies have connected to ... arthritis . This story was originally published on TIME.com & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Broccoli is stuffed with vitamins A , B , K , C , as well as other nutrients An estimated 12.4 million people are affected by arthritis in the United States Animals that ate a diet high in broccoli had significantly less cartilage damage
CNN  -- After months of psychological torment by guards loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , when a commotion arose outside the door of his solitary confinement cell in Tripoli 's most notorious prison , Matthew VanDyke was sure he was going to be executed . But what happened next is sure to be the Baltimore-based adventure writer 's wildest chapter yet . Reached by phone in a safe house in Tripoli , VanDyke , 32 , described a harrowing 30 hours that took him from Abu Salim prison to the safe house under the protection of anti-Gadhafi rebels . The freelance journalist and aspiring travel writer had not been heard from since mid-March , shortly before he was arrested in the city of Brega by forces loyal to Gadhafi . He had been without contact with any family member , government official or aid organization since March 12 , when he last spoke to his mother . Early Wednesday in Tripoli , he said , he heard prisoners yelling and shouting and banging , not unlike the sounds he had heard as guards rousted out other prisoners during his six months of solitary confinement . As he stared at the white walls where he had ticked off the days until he lost track , he thought , "  This is it , they 've come to lynch me . " A hand opened the small slit in the door where his food was passed through . He heard someone angrily shouting and pointing at verses in an open Quran pushed through the door . Not long after , someone hammered off the lock on the door . At first he thought it was a trap , he told his mother by phone , maybe a ruse to get him in greater danger . But then the realization dawned : He had a chance to escape . "  I saw some other prisoners and they were cheering and pointing down the hall , " said an exhausted VanDyke . "  I knew I was free , but did n't know what to do or what was going on . " VanDyke had no possessions to gather up , only a wet and ragged prison uniform . He found a pair of sandals left behind by another fleeing prisoner and then escaped the prison along with hundreds of other inmates . Many of those held in the facility were political prisoners , or had been caught up in crackdowns on rebel sympathizers or on the many battlefields edging closer to the capital . VanDyke joined up with one small group walking through the Abu Salim neighborhood of Tripoli , not knowing that they were in one of the last areas still controlled by Gadhafi loyalists . They could hear explosions and gunfire , but also got news that rebels were taking control of the city . The group made their way to a mosque . There , the imam and other neighborhood leaders were handing out cash , trying to help people desperately short of supplies amid the chaos and electrical blackout in the area . VanDyke said he moved on , to a makeshift hospital where he got some help and directions to a local wealthy person who had access to a working phone . It was there he was able to make his first phone call back to his worried girlfriend , Lauren Fischer , and mother , Sharon VanDyke , back in Baltimore . "  I 've always known he was OK , " Sharon VanDyke told CNN late Wednesday . The retired schoolteacher described the relief and surprise she felt after watching CNN endlessly for days , hoping for news and praying for her son 's safety . Now she and Fischer are focused on getting him out of Libya . VanDyke said he was eventually able to hook up with another escaped inmate who had ties to rebel forces and could speak English . The man gained access to a car and two guards armed with AK-47 assault rifles , and they sped through the night past rebel checkpoints . Eventually he arrived at a house once occupied by an American expatriate couple who had hastily fled in the earliest days of the conflict . VanDyke said the home still had food on the counters , remnants from the last-second escape of the last people there , a welcome windfall for him after months of rancid prison food . And the working phone there was a lifeline to the outside , he added . The writer is one of at least four American civilians who have been freed from Libyan prisons , the U.S. government said Wednesday . "  We can confirm that all U.S. citizens who were known to be detained in Libya have been released , " U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said in a prepared statement : "  The families of those detained individuals have been notified of their freedom and welfare . We remain concerned about the welfare and safety of those U.S. citizens who remain in Tripoli . For safety and privacy reasons we are unable to provide additional details . " VanDyke was surprised to hear that other Americans had been held in the prison and was unaware of their escape or current situations . Having traveled to nearly a dozen Middle Eastern and African countries since 2007 , VanDyke left for Benghazi in late February . Friends there had told him what was happening in Libya during the early stages of the revolution . "  He had a great respect for the people and the country , not the politics , " his mother said . VanDyke 's loved ones are n't certain why he was arrested , although he had a U.S. passport and press credentials when he was seized on a day trip to Brega . By phone , the exhausted writer said he would have a fuller account to tell of his capture after he was able to sleep and recuperate , but he said his arrest had been a surprise and he did not know the reason for it . VanDyke had been confined in two prisons , including Abu Salim , from which he and the hundreds of others escaped Wednesday , one day after rebels seized Gadhafi 's compound in the city . Libyan officials had recently acknowledged VanDyke was in custody . His mother traveled to Turkey in May to seek assistance in his release , but the country had just closed its embassy in Tripoli . His family , which has been assisted by the State Department and U.S. Rep. C.A. "  Dutch " Ruppersberger of Maryland , hopes to see VanDyke in several days . "  He said he was in good physical health , " said his mother . "  He was sorry we did not know for sure he was OK . " Sharon VanDyke said her son was unaware that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been killed by U.S. commandos in May . She and Fischer , 28 , expect VanDyke , who first went to Libya in 2008 , to complete a book about the people he has met and places he has seen in Mauritania , Iraq , Turkey , Afghanistan , Egypt and other countries . He toured several of those nations by motorcycle . "  Despite everything , I have no problems with Libyans , " VanDyke said , describing his safety and plans in Tripoli . "  But I 'll be determined to stay here to see the end of Gadhafi . "	Matthew VanDyke had been in solitary confinement since March He was arrested in the Libyan city of Brega He was freed Wednesday along with hundreds of others from a prison in Tripoli The Baltimore resident is a freelance journalist and writer
Baghdad  CNN  -- The angry mobs barged into the newspaper buildings , in the heart of bustling Baghdad . They smashed equipment , stole files , beat up guards and workers , and tossed one person from a roof . The assaults , which unfolded simultaneously Monday , apparently stemmed from outrage over a story seen as critical toward a Shiite cleric in Karbala . Police investigated the incidents on Tuesday . The U.N. mission in Iraq slammed the assaults as "  unacceptable under any circumstances . " UNESCO in Iraq stressed concern over the impact of the attacks . "  Freedom of expression is a crucial element for establishing true democracy and building sustainable peace in Iraq , " UNESCO Director in Iraq Louise Haxthausen said . Before the attacks , Younis al-Arraf , editor of the Parliament , said he met with angry followers of Mahmud al-Sarkhi , a firebrand Shiite cleric , according to the Journalistic Freedom Observatory  JFO  , an Iraqi media watchdog . They discussed a piece in the Parliament suggesting the cleric is planning to take over the Shiite religious authority in Karbala by force . The article also said the al-Sarkhi 's residence in Karbala , in the Shiite heartland of southern Iraq , resembles an armed camp , with the location protected by dozens of followers armed with sticks and knives . Al-Arraf said he explained to the people incensed with the article that it was written by a news agency , not produced by the paper itself . But later , attackers entered the buildings of four independent dailies in Iraq 's capital -- the Constitution , the Iraqi Future , the People and the Parliament , the observatory said . At least six people were injured , police said . Employees of a fifth Baghdad daily newspaper , al-Mada , received threats on Tuesday , the paper 's director general told CNN . Mada means "  range " in Arabic . A spokesman for the cleric said his office had nothing to do with the attacks and condemned them . The JFO condemned the attacks and called on authorities to investigate and protect journalists . After the fall of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and and the advent of democracy , a vibrant media scene has emerged in Iraq , with a slew of newspaper and broadcasting outlets independent or affiliated with political movements . But journalism can be a perilous calling in Iraq , one of the most dangerous countries for journalists to practice in since 2003 , when the war there began . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported on this story from Baghdad ; CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	A story about Shiite cleric Mahmud al-Sarkhi angered supporters It claimed al-Sarkhi plans to wrest control of the religious authority in Karbala U.N. mission in Iraq calls attacks "  unacceptable under any circumstances " A spokesman for al-Sarkhi says his office had nothing to do with the assaults
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Fires in central and southern California raged Saturday as triple-digit temperatures mixed with dry conditions continued to fuel the flames , torching thousands of acres and threatening scores of homes . Firefighters look on as fire rages near Ocean View Drive in Los Angeles on Saturday . Authorities confirmed three civilian injuries from a growing blaze known as the Station fire burning through the Angeles National Forest-La Canada Flintridge . The blaze nearly quadrupled in size from 5,500 acres Friday to more than 20,000 acres , officials said . The blaze , which grew to more than 20,100 acres , was 5 percent contained early Sunday , officials said . It was upgraded to type 1 brush fire -- the most severe classification . "  Today what happened is what I called a perfect storm of fuels , weather and topography coming together ... essentially the fire burned at will , " Mike Dietrich of the U.S. Forest Service said Saturday . Authorities consider the Station fire an anomaly , as it is not driven by strong winds as most California wildfires . Watch CNN 's Reynolds Wolf explain what 's driving the fire " "  The fire has been very active on all fronts , " U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Randi Jorgensen said . The fire threatened about 10,000 homes in Los Angeles County and 900 homes were evacuated , she said . Watch close-up views of the fast-moving fire " "  Basically , all the homes that back up to the National Forest in the La Canada-Flintridge are in danger from the fire , " Jorgensen said , adding that fire officials have told residents to be prepared for possible evacuation orders . The Station fire disrupted power to 750 homes . More than 750 workers have been dispatched to control the blaze , which started Wednesday afternoon . Watch iReport images and descriptions of the fire " Jorgensen confirmed one injury involving heat exhaustion . A wildfire also hit San Bernardino National Forest , burning 2,200 acres , fire officials said . The blaze , called the Cottonwood fire , started Thursday afternoon about 10 miles from the southern California city of Hemet , officials reported . That blaze was about 10 percent contained Friday evening . Hemet is about 85 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Firefighters fully contained another fire that torched 230 acres about 20 miles southwest of downtown Los Angeles on Friday . The blaze , called the Palos Verdes fire , forced 1,200 people to evacuate and destroyed five homes and two other buildings . Another fire in the Angeles National Forest had burned more than 2,100 acres . The blaze , called the Morris fire , started Tuesday . That fire was about 85 percent contained Friday evening , officials said .	The Station fire "  very active on all fronts , " U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman said The Cottonwood , Palos Verdes and Morris fires were all ablaze late Friday Homes in the Angeles National Forest-La Canada Flintridge area in danger
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some $ 700 million in economic stimulus money intended to upgrade baggage screening systems at airports will go further than originally expected , Department of Homeland Security officials said Wednesday . The new systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour on the older machines , the TSA said . The DHS said the money will now upgrade systems at 10 additional airports . Earlier this year the DHS announced funding for baggage screening at airports in 15 cities . The money will be used to speed up construction of in-line baggage screening systems , which take advantage of the airline 's existing conveyor belt systems to check bags , eliminating the need for minivan-size bomb detection systems now found in many airport lobbies . Government auditors have long complained about existing systems , which the Transportation Security Administration rushed into place to meet congressional deadlines after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . At airports with in-line systems , airline workers at the ticketing counters place the bags on conveyor belts , which pass through explosive detectors on their way to the aircraft . That is more efficient than stand-alone systems , which the TSA employees must staff . In addition , in-line systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour processed by stand-alone machines , the TSA said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement that DHS was able to "  stretch our resources " by managing the recovery money and by negotiating with airports . In addition to the $ 700 million intended for checked baggage systems , $ 300 million is being allocated for checkpoint technology , such as new X-ray machines , "  whole body imaging " technology and bottled liquid scanners . The new airports expected to get stimulus money for in-line explosive detection systems are : • Washington Dulles International Airport  Chantilly , Virginia • Lambert-St . Louis International Airport  St. Louis , Missouri • Yellowstone Regional Airport  Cody , Wyoming • William P. Hobby Airport  Houston , Texas • St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport  St. Petersburg , Florida • Gallatin Field Airport  Bozeman , Montana • Little Rock National Airport  Little Rock , Arkansas • Tulsa International Airport  Tulsa , Oklahoma • Charlotte Douglas International Airport  Charlotte , North Carolina • Colorado Springs Airport  Colorado Springs , Colorado Earlier this year , DHS announced funding for airports in the following cities : Atlanta , Georgia ; Columbus , Ohio ; Dayton , Ohio ; Honolulu , Hawaii ; Huntsville , Alabama ; Jackson , Wyoming ; Maui , Hawaii ; New Orleans , Louisiana ; Orange County , California ; Orlando , Florida ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Portland , Maine ; and Sacramento , San Francisco and San Jose , California . To learn more about the DHS Recovery Act projects , visit www.dhs.gov/recovery .	Department of Homeland security says stimulus money can be stretched DHS identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems Updated screening process is more efficient than stand-alone machines
His uncle Harry has promised the newest addition to the royal family that he will have "  fun " -- and if a centuries old tradition is to be followed , it is an odds on certainty that horse racing will play a prominent role in young Prince George 's future social life . A love of horses and thoroughbred racing is ingrained in the House of the Windsor , and Prince George 's great grandmother Queen Elizabeth II is a leading owner with a string of top horses . "  She adores breeding racehorses , " her racing manager John Warren told CNN . "  The British bloodstock industry is very lucky to have a patron such as the queen . " Fittingly , the 87-year-old 's most notable achievement is winning the Gold Cup at Royal Ascot with Estimate , a four-year-old filly guided by 10-time British champion trainer Michael Stoute . Ridden by Ryan Moore , Estimate stormed to victory in the prestigious Group One race in June , the first time in its 207-year history that the British monarch had owned the winner . It added to her earlier triumphs in the English Classics , the 1,000 and 2,000 Guineas , The Oaks and St. Leger . Derby disappointments Only the Epsom Derby eludes the queen , who saw her latest hope , Carlton House , come home third in 2011 after starting as favorite . "  She has inherited her father King George VI 's love of the turf , " said Nick Attenborough , spokesman for Great British Racing . The Queen Mother had a long , successful affiliation with steeplechase racing , where horses run longer distances than flat horses and have to negotiate jumps or hurdles . She died in 2002 at the age of 101 , but during her lifetime had 449 winners in her royal colors . A top race at the Cheltenham Festival , the Queen Mother Champion Chase , is named in her honor . But like her daughter , success in the most prestigious event -- the Grand National , jump racing 's equivalent of the Derby -- remained a dream for the Queen Mother . She was cruelly denied success in the 1956 edition when her horse Devon Loch , ridden by Dick Francis , led on the run-in at Aintree before falling to the turf unexpectedly . It was said the horse became distracted by the ear-shattering noise from a loyal crowd , desperate for a royal winner , and missed a stride . ` She strives to have winners ' While racing is often called the "  Sport of Kings , " in Britain "  Sport of Queens " is just as appropriate . According to official records , Queen Victoria is said to have become so excited while watching a race at Ascot that she broke the window of the Royal Box in a rush to see the finish . Her great great grand daughter would surely never be guilty of such unseemly behavior , but as Estimate stormed clear in the final furlong at Royal Ascot she could be seen with the broadest of smiles and maybe a hint of a tear . "  It 's a special thrill to win this race for the Queen and it will have given her enormous pleasure , " Stoute said at the time . "  She really loves this game and it 's a great recreation for her . "  The Queen has such a love for her breeding program and this will have been a bigger thrill to win with a filly , rather than a colt . She told me it was a very big thrill and thanked everybody involved . " Her grandson Peter Phillips put it more succinctly . "  This is her passion and her life and she 's here every year and she strives to have winners , " he was quoted as saying . That passion extends to a day-to-day involvement with her bloodstock and training operation . Formidable operation "  She names all her own horses , I believe -- it gives her fantastic pleasure , planning the whole process , " Attenborough said . It is a formidable operation with Royal studs at Sandringham and Wolferton in Norfolk and Polhampton in Berkshire , feeding into her training operation with about 25 horses racing each season . One of the stallions at Sandringham is former Derby winner Motivator , with the queen part of a syndicate using the horse for breeding . She will doubtless be hoping that one of his offspring can deliver her success at Epsom after the heartbreak of Carlton House 's unlucky near miss two years ago . The last Royal winner of the Derby , Minoru back in 1909 , was owned by King Edward VII , who was renowned for his love of racing and the good things in life . Edward also had success as the Prince of Wales with Diamond Jubilee in 1900 , named in honor of his mother Queen Victoria 's long reign . For the current British head of state it would represent a monumental achievement to emulate this feat , but it is not for lack of knowledge or trying . Well informed "  She is a very well-informed and keen owner , probably the best-informed owner in the country , " said leading trainer Andrew Balding , who has looked after a number of the queen 's horses , and knows he has to keep them in peak condition . The Queen 's keenness extends to low-key visits in a private capacity to racetracks such as Newbury , which is in the Royal County of Berkshire , to check on the progress of her horses . "  Most of the crowd would be unaware she is there , walking around the paddock , possibly wearing a head scarf , " revealed Attenborough , whose organization is responsible for promoting horse racing in Britain . While Queen Elizabeth will not hand over the reins of her racing operation anytime soon , Attenborough is confident that she will find a suitable successor . "  They are a family that understands traditional values and understand the value of succession , " he said . "  It can be traced back to Queen Anne 's day . " Queen Anne designated an area of land near Windsor to equestrian pursuits in 1711 , and it later became Royal Ascot . The Queen Anne Stakes , a Group One race that takes place every year at Royal Ascot , is named after the monarch who was so influential in the history of thoroughbred racing . Attenborough , and the whole of the UK racing industry in the UK , are hoping that the latest edition to the Royal family -- Prince George of Cambridge -- will be just as keen . Royal patronage They sent a special gift of a teddy bear , dressed in the queen 's racing silks , to the maternity wing of the London hospital where he was born in July . Watch : Pictures of Prince George released For now , Attenborough is delighted to have the queen as a figurehead to their sport , particularly as it is now competing for audiences with counter attractions such as the English Premier League and team sports like rugby and cricket . "  Fantastic for us as she has to be the most high-profile figure in Great Britain with a standing all round the world and it is hard for any country in the world to have a more prominent figurehead in their sport , " he said . Her star horse Estimate will likely return to Ascot on October 19 for the grand finale of the British flat racing season , the QIPCO British Champions Day , looking to repeat the earlier success on a course on which she has never been beaten , in the Long Distance Cup . Estimate will likely face stiff competition from horses owned by other royal families , with the rulers of the Gulf states , notably Dubai 's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , whose powerful Godolphin operation has been a major force in British racing for over 20 years . Attenborough believes the royal connections , with long standing owner breeders like the Aga Khan and the queen now competing against relative new entrants such as Sheikh Mohammed , can only serve to maintain interest in sport of the turf in the 21st century . "  Their involvement is a fantastic boost for British and European racing , " he said . Meanwhile , Britain 's monarch , despite her 87 years , shows no signs of slowing up in her relentless pursuit of thoroughbred perfection .	The British royal family are avid followers of horse racing Queen Elizabeth II owns 2013 Gold Cup winner Estimate She takes active role in Royal bloodstock and training operation The late Queen Mother had 449 winners in her racing colors
NATO urged Russia to keep its word this time and withdraw troops along Ukraine 's eastern border , saying it has seen no signs of soldiers returning to their bases . President Vladimir Putin ordered tens of thousands of troops near the Ukraine border to return to their bases , his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Monday . The withdrawal has started , he said , and could take some time to finish . But despite Moscow 's assertion , there were no signs of the troops ' withdrawal , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said hours later . The Obama administration was skeptical about Putin 's order , while Kiev said it 's monitoring the area to ensure troops are returning to their permanent bases . "  As you know , we have heard that promise before and have yet to see any indication that it 's been fulfilled , " said Jay Carney , the White House spokesman . Rasmussen reiterated the need for the withdrawal and said he would "  be the first " to welcome it . "  I think it 's the third Putin statement on withdrawal of Russian troops ... but so far we have n't seen any withdrawal at all , " he said . "  Withdrawal of Russian troops will be the first step to de-escalating the situation . " Ukraine 's presidential election scheduled for Sunday is crucial , Rasmussen said , and Russia and Ukrainian separatists should practice restraint to ensure it goes on as planned . "  We urge the armed pro-Russian separatist groups to stop their illegal activities . ... Russia should stop their support for these armed groups , " he said . "  Russia should demonstrate a clear will to let the presidential election to go forward . The presidential election constitutes the best chance to find a sustainable solution to the crisis in Ukraine . " Russia 's ` significant forces ' Putin 's decision to amass 40,000 troops along Ukraine 's eastern border triggered fears of an invasion ahead of the election . Moscow defended the troop buildup , saying it was a routine exercise that has since ended . Two weeks ago , Putin said Russian troops had pulled away from Ukraine 's border and were merely conducting "  regular exercises at the test grounds . " At that time , NATO and Western officials said they saw no sign of widespread troop withdrawals . But a senior U.S. administration official disputed Russia 's assertion that they were routine exercises "  The fact is that Russia has been maintaining significant forces in forward deployment areas along Ukraine 's border , " the official said . "  They have not been conducting routine training activities . They 've been up on the border in a menacing posture , and we 've been concerned about this military buildup and have been consistently calling on Russia to remove its troops back to their home bases and end this threatening behavior . " The official said the White House is monitoring the issue for evidence of withdrawal . "  As you 'll recall , they 've made similar claims before . They made them at the end of March and did n't follow through , so we 'll be tracking this closely over the course of today and the coming days , and we 'll want to see clear , firm evidence of this move before we make any judgment , " the official said Monday . The United States , which along with other Western countries has sanctioned Russia for its disputed takeover of Crimea , has threatened additional punishment for Russia if it fails to pull its troops back from the border . Tensions in the east Russian officials have said they reserve the right to protect the interests of Russian citizens and Russian-language speakers in Ukraine 's east , which traditionally leans toward Moscow . Tensions in that region remain high , with ongoing reports of violence and growing human rights abuses . Anti-terrorism operations that started in April in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions have killed 24 Ukrainian servicemen so far , said Valentyn Nalyvaichenko , head of the Ukrainian Security Service . He did not provide any more details . In one of the latest incidents , Russian separatists clashed with Ukrainian border guards Saturday after a separatist leader was detained at a checkpoint . Valeriy Bolotov , the self-declared governor of a "  people 's republic " in Luhansk , was detained by security forces in Dovzhanskiy . Attackers freed him after a firefight , but he was wounded and went to Russia for medical treatment , separatist spokesman Vasiliy Nikitin said . Over the weekend , the Russian Foreign Ministry accused Ukrainian troops of attacking Ukrainian citizens and questioned whether Sunday 's scheduled elections could be held amid the chaos . "  Such punitive action against its own citizens shows the hypocrisy of the Kiev authorities , " a ministry statement said , referring to an international pact agreed to last month that called for an end to violence . Ukraine favors Europe over Russia , new CNN poll finds Ukraine : Armed men free detained pro-Russian leader after checkpoint attack Opinion : Putin 's empire building is not a new Cold War	Obama administration skeptical about Putin 's order NATO says withdrawal would be "  first step to de-escalating the situation " Russia has said troops were conducting a routine exercise that has ended The presence of 40,000 Russian troops on the border has spurred fears of an invasion
CNN  -- It has n't been a blockbuster year for Nintendo , the video-gaming company that brought us "  Donkey Kong , " "  Super Mario Bros. " and the Wii . Sales of the Wii U , Nintendo 's latest gaming system , have been soft and the company has struggled to get enough top-tier games in front of the players clamoring for them . And while Microsoft and Sony have made headlines at E3 , the video game industry expo underway this week in Los Angeles , Nintendo has kept a lower profile , forsaking its usual splashy keynote in favor of a smaller news conference . But Satoru Iwata , president and CEO of Nintendo , believes the company can rebound by focusing on Wii U games . In an interview this week for CNN , Iwata admitted the company made missteps with the introduction of the Wii U . But he remains convinced a strong lineup of upcoming Wii U software will get gamers excited about the living-room console . He just needs them to play it . "  Those people who have already purchased the Wii U and are enjoying Wii U , they have already realized the value of the Wii U , and I understand that they are highly appreciating the entertainment experiences provided by Wii U , " Iwata said through a translator . "  But the fact of the matter is Wii U has yet to prove what is so unique  about it  , unlike how ... with a first glance , people were able to understand how different Wii was . " At E3 , Nintendo 's booth on the trade-show floor offered people a hands-on experience with six new Wii U titles : "  Pikmin 3 , " "  Super Mario Bros. 3D World , " "  Legend of Zelda : Wind Waker HD , " "  Donkey Kong Country : Tropical Freeze , " "  Bayonetta 2 " and "  Mario Kart 8 . " Nintendo is letting fans demo four of these games -- "  Donkey Kong Country : Tropical Freeze , " "  Super Mario 3D World , " "  Mario Kart 8 " and "  Legend of Zelda : Wind Waker " -- at select Best Buy stores in North America this Saturday from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Players can also visit the Nintendo World store in New York to try out the new titles . Nintendo faces increased competition from Microsoft and Sony , both of whom have new consoles -- the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 , respectively -- coming out this fall in time for the holiday season . To compete , Iwata believes Nintendo needs to get the games into as many people 's hands as possible so more gamers can understand the value of the Wii U. "  We just do n't care too much about what other companies are doing or are trying to do , " he said . "  Our primary focus is to think about and actually carry out something which other company 's hardware can never realize . We are trying to provide consumers gaming experiences that can only be available on Nintendo platforms . "  Software sells hardware , " he added . "  The number of hardware selling and the number of people who can experience the unique attractions of the Wii U are going to increase , and thereby the knowledge and the understanding about the Wii U system shall naturally expand . " Wii U problems According to Nintendo 's financial statement for the fiscal year ending March 31 , Wii U hardware sales had a negative impact on the company 's profits to the tune of 36.4 billion yen , or more than $ 385.7 million . The report directly blames a delay in development of new games for the soft sales  3.45 million units worldwide  . But the company is forecasting 9 million units sold for this fiscal year based on its games-first plan . Critics of the company have been saying the Wii U needs more new and exciting games to succeed . Brett Molina , online tech producer for USA Today , said the Wii U can rebound even though it might appear they are already behind the times . "  Once we see more first-party content for the Wii U , we could see momentum improve , " Molina said . "  But they need the equivalent of ` Wii Sports ' for the Wii U to convince consumers of the strength of the GamePad . There has n't been that kind of game yet . " Max Parker , video game columnist for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , thinks games are indeed important to the future success of the Wii U , but Nintendo 's early mistakes with the console could hamper any recovery efforts . "  Nintendo did a poor job in marketing the Wii U. Sharing part of its name with its predecessor was a misstep , " Parker explained . "  The public was unsure if the Wii U was a new console or a peripheral of the Wii . Nintendo did n't make it clear in their marketing that the Wii U was their new home console to replace the Wii . " If history is any indicator , the release of games for the Wii U could help drive hardware sales for Nintendo . Their handheld console , the Nintendo 3DS , also suffered from lagging hardware sales in the beginning but has rebounded to become a powerhouse in the marketplace . A May report by NPD Group , a video games market research company , said the handheld console sold more than 2 million units of first-party software titles in the first four months of 2013 , something that took them more than seven months to do last year . Nintendo 3DS was the only gaming platform to show a year-to-year growth despite an overall decrease in industry sales by 25 % . Handheld gaming Five of the top ten best selling franchises in home console history are exclusive to Nintendo -- Mario , Zelda , Smash Bros. , Mario Kart and Wii Fit . Molina said they need to get their stars out front . "  Nintendo is n't just coming out with rehashes of the same game . They 're doing more to make sure these games are original , " Parker said . " ` Super Mario Galaxy ' was one of the best franchises on the Wii . They can keep reusing the same characters if you ask me , as long as they keep coming up with new ways to play . " In addition to the looming shadow of its competitors ' new consoles , Nintendo has also contended with the rise of smartphone gaming as a potential threat to its handheld Nintendo 3DS console . Iwata says he 's not concerned . "  There are a number of people who have watched the spread of smart devices today who are concluding that handheld gaming devices would not have a future at all , " Iwata said . "  But  a number of trade people , retailers and distributors , are visiting the E3 show right now , and I understand they believe the potentially biggest seller for them this year ... is going to be Nintendo 3DS . " According to Nintendo , 3DS software sales of first-party titles in countries such as France , Germany and Belgium are driving hardware sales as well . The company is projecting sales of 1.8 million hardware units and 8 million software units for the 3DS in the next fiscal year . "  Nintendo should be thankful for the success of the 3DS , " Parker said . "  They have managed to turn that handheld around since its dark beginnings , and it has become quite a success for them . " "  Whether it happens with Wii U remains to be seen , " Molina added . Again , it all comes back to games . But is it too late to get people 's attention ? Iwata says no , and is ready to back it up with action . "  Starting from this summer , Nintendo is preparing for a very strong first-party software line-up that people really want to try out . By selling the software , we 'd like to expand the hardware sales of the Wii U system . That 's our message . "	Nintendo president says new titles will turn around lackluster Wii U sales Japanese company has kept low profile at this year 's E3 video-game expo Iwata compares Wii U to Nintendo 3DS , which started slow then picked up New "  Mario Bros. , " "  Zelda " and "  Donkey Kong " titles are on the way
Tupelo , Mississippi  CNN  -- A Tupelo , Mississippi , man has been charged with possession and use of a biological agent as a weapon in connection with an investigation into ricin-tainted letters sent to President Barack Obama and others , federal authorities said Saturday . The federal charges against James Everett Dutschke come days after prosecutors dropped charges against Paul Kevin Curtis in the same case amid Curtis ' claims he was framed . Dutschke , 41 , is expected to appear in U.S. District Court in Oxford on Monday before Magistrate Judge S. Allan Alexander , according to a statement released by the U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Mississippi . Dutschke was arrested without incident at his home early Saturday , FBI spokeswoman Deborah Madden said . Earlier this week , agents searched Dutschke 's residence and former martial arts studio , though it 's not clear what they found . ' A train has been lifted off my shoulder , ' former suspect says The arrest of Dutschke is the latest twist in a bizarre case that began earlier this month when federal investigators arrested Curtis , an Elvis impersonator from Corinth , Mississippi , for allegedly sending letters containing ricin , a deadly toxin , to Obama , Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi ; and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County . The letters touched off anxieties in Washington and elsewhere in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings . Authorities later said the Boston bombings and the ricin-tainted letters were unrelated . The revelation of the ricin-laden letters recalled the fear that gripped the country in the days following the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks when anthrax-laced letters were sent to U.S. senators and journalists . Curtis cleared The FBI said the recent letters tested positive for ricin , a toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote . No illnesses have been reported . Prosecutors on Tuesday dropped the charges against Curtis after his attorney , Christi McCoy , told authorities that she believed her client was framed , possibly by Dutschke . As Curtis , 45 , walked out of jail , FBI agents were searching Dutschke 's home and the studio where he practiced martial arts . At the time , Dutschke told CNN affiliate WMC-TV that he agreed to the FBI search "  to help clear my name . " "  I had absolutely nothing to do with those letters , " he said . ' I am KC ' The letters read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " They were signed "  I am KC and I approve this message , " a source told CNN . Each letter had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . Curtis , a self-styled activist known as Kevin Curtis , has used similar signoffs on letters and social media posts , his attorney said . "  I do believe that someone who was familiar and is familiar with Kevin just simply took his personal information and did this to him , " attorney McCoy told CNN . Curtis told CNN that he did n't even know what ricin was until he got out of jail and looked it up on the Internet . When police stormed his home and arrested him last week , Curtis said an investigator asked him about ricin , and Curtis said he responded , "  Well , I do n't eat rice , and I do n't have any rice in the house . " Online feud Dutschke 's attorney , Lori Basham , has said her client used to work for Curtis ' brother , but the two have had no contact since 2010 . Basham declined to comment on Dutschke 's arrest Saturday . The relationship between the two men is at best hazy , with each publicly accusing the other of bad behavior . Curtis has said that while Dutschke worked for his brother , the two talked about collaborating on the publication of a book , but later had a falling out . He has accused Dutschke of stalking him online , a claim the former taekwondo instructor has denied . Dutschke told reporters this week that he did not know Curtis well . "  He 's just a little nutty . I do n't have a relationship with him , " he said . "  I 've met him two times in person , and then there was a third time we sent e-mails back and forth . " In the e-mail exchange , according to Dutschke , he accused Curtis of posting a fake membership certificate for MENSA , the high-IQ organization . Curtis acknowledged that he posted a fake certificate , but said he did it to catch Dutschke stalking him online . Ties to letters ? Authorities have not said how they linked the letters to Dutschke , who appears to have personal ties to at least two of the three people who were sent letters . In 2007 , Dutschke failed in his bid as a Republican to defeat Democratic state representative Steve Holland , whose mother , a judge , received one of the ricin-tainted letters . "  We just want to move on , " Holland told CNN , adding that he wanted justice for his mother . "  This could have been devastating . Mom could have died had this taken the worst-case scenario . " Dutschke also has said he has met Wicker . Other charges Dutschke , meanwhile , faces molestation charges in an unrelated case . According to a grand jury indictment handed down this month and obtained by CNN , he is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . The accusations go back as far as 2007 , according to the indictment . Dutschke has repeatedly denied the charges in interviews with local media , and he pleaded innocent in court this month . He closed his taekwondo studio after the allegations were made public . Vivian Kuo and Alina Machado reported from Tupelo , Mississippi ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's John Branch and William Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : James Everett Dutschke faces unrelated child molestation charges Dutschke has been charged with possessing and using ricin as a weapon On Tuesday , authorities dropped charges against another Mississippi man The FBI said letters sent to Obama and two others tested positive for the toxin ricin
CNN  -- The seven missing in London . That 's what the headlines in the West African nation of Cameroon call the athletes who walked away from the Olympic village at the London Games . The Cameroon athletes -- five male boxers , a female footballer and a male swimmer -- walked away from the Olympic village last week , immediately raising questions about their intentions . While the Cameroon Olympic delegation has stopped short of saying the athletes planned to defect , at least one member of the country 's national Olympic committee believes it 's more than likely . "  Back home , they are n't giving the proper training . They know if they are well trained , they could beat the person from another country , " Aka Amuam Joseph told CNN during a recent interview outside a sports training facility in Cameroon . Joseph also serves as a member of the Cameroon Karate Federation . "  It pains them to be here and see people beat them , who they can beat if they are well taken care of . " Nothing has been heard from the athletes since they went missing , said David Ojong , Cameroon 's head of mission to London 2012 , but said , but their compatriots "  hope and believe " the athletes will rejoin the group before they return to Cameroon . Athletes competing at the London Games have visas that allow them to stay in the United Kingdom until November 8 , according to authorities . Footballer Drusille Ngako , who was one of the team 's reserve players , was the first of the seven to disappear . He went missing on July 26 , Ojong said . Swimmer Paul Ekane Edingue and boxers , Thomas Essomba , Christian Donfack Adjoufack , Yhyacinthe Abdon Mewoli , Serge Ambomo and Blaise Yepmou Mendouo , have n't been seen since last Monday , he said . The Cameroonian delegation approached the Games organizers and the High Commission of Cameroon in London as soon as they became aware of the missing athletes , Ojong has said . Pictures of the athletes this week adorned the front pages of newspapers in Cameroon , including Le Jour which carried the banner headline : "  The Seven Missing in London . " Since the 1996 Games in Atlanta , dozens of athletes from Cameroon have defected . Cameroon , with a population of about 20 million , is one of the world 's poorest nations , according to the International Monetary Fund . It has little money to develop top-notch training facilities , one of the reasons Joseph believes the athletes going looking for "  greener pastures . " "  Why do Nigerians not flee away ? Why do people from South Africa not flee away ? When you go there , you see infrastructure of the highest level , " Joseph said . "  Why do n't they flee ? They know that what they find in Europe , they find back home . " The training facilities in Cameroon are spartan . It 's Olympic boxing facility offers just one ring in a building with a concrete floor , peeling paint and wooden spectator benches . Its weight room offers a limited selection and a peeling carpet . "  I am positively convinced that if the government did more in this field , we would have little of this disturbance , " Joseph said . Athletes and team officials have been allowed to seek permission to enter and remain in the United Kingdom without a visa from March 30 to November 8 . CNN 's Jo Shelley , Richard Allen Greene and journalist Tapang Ivo contributed to this report .	An Olympic official from Cameroon believes defection is likely The seven athletes -- six men and a woman -- walked away from the Olympic village Headlines in Cameroon refer to the athletes as "  missing "
CNN  -- I am a 54-year-old black woman -- a mother , lawyer and law professor . I teach at the Washington University in St. Louis Law School and live 12 miles away from Ferguson , Missouri . The median household income in my suburb is $ 85,000 per year . In Ferguson , it is $ 36,000 . In my suburb , 3.5 % of the people are black . In Ferguson , almost 70 % are black . These are stark contrasts . Yet I share things in common with black people in Ferguson and , indeed , throughout the United States . When I shop , I 'm often either ignored as a waste of time or scrutinized as a potential shoplifter . In June , my daughter and I walked into the china and crystal department at a Macy 's department store . I was about to speak to the salesperson directly in front of me . She walked right past me to welcome the white woman behind us . My daughter looked at me and said : "  Really ? Did she just ignore us ? " My daughter is a young teenager at the crossroads of "  skin color does n't matter " and "  oh yes , it does . " She is in transition . I felt hurt , anger and embarrassment . But this kind of encounter happens routinely . Driving , I tend to have a bit of a lead foot -- hitting 45 in a 35 mph zone . The few times I have been stopped in my suburb , the first question I 'm asked is whether I live "  around here . " Not one of my white friends has been asked that question when they were pulled over by a police officer . Last summer , my teenage daughter was shopping with four white friends at a mall in an affluent St. Louis suburb . As they left the store , two mall security guards approached my daughter . They told her the store had called them and reported her as a shoplifter , and asked her to come with them . After a search , they found she had nothing . So far in her young life , mall security guards have stopped her on suspicion of shoplifting three times . Each time she was innocent . I also have three sons . My two oldest are 22 . They are 6-foot-5 and 6-foot-4 and each weighs more than 220 pounds . One recently graduated from college ; the other will graduate in 2015 . The youngest is 13 . All three like to wear jeans and the latest sneakers . They love hoodies . They like looking cool . These three young men have never been arrested or even been in a fight at school . Every time my sons leave the house , I worry about their safety . One of my sons loves to go out at night to clubs . I worry about potential unrest at the clubs -- yes , black-on-black crime is a problem , and despite what many people think , black people complain about it all the time in their communities and churches and in newspapers and on radio stations . I also worry about his drive home and his being stopped by police . The data in Ferguson are an example of the larger picture in the St. Louis County area . Police stop , search and arrest black people at a disproportionate rate , even though they are less likely to possess contraband than white people . This son of mine who likes to go out at night is big and tall and he has brown skin . He graduated from college in May but can not find employment . He is an intelligent , clean-cut young man . But the negative stereotypes automatically assigned to his skin color follow him everywhere , even in job interviews , like extra weight . It reminds me of the airline employee who asks before you can check your suitcase : Did a stranger ask you to carry something or pack your bag ? In my son 's case , the answer is yes . He is carrying extra weight , unfairly , and without his knowledge or consent , packed in his luggage . A few years ago my husband and I went on a cruise . My older boys were teenagers at the time and were taking summer enrichment classes at a school about a mile from our home . They planned to walk to school in the morning . At the top of a long list of things to do before we left for our trip was "  e-mail chief of police . " I explained to the chief that my husband and I were going on a cruise , I was a member of the community and that my two sons would be walking to school . I attached pictures of the boys , explaining that only a couple of black families lived in the neighborhood . My sons did not normally walk in the neighborhood , so they would draw attention . I offered to bring my sons to the police department so officers could meet them . The police chief and I met and all went well . But I 've asked myself : How many parents of white sons have thought to add to their to-do-before-leaving-town list , "  Write letter to local police department , introducing sons and attaching photos , so police do not become suspicious and harass them " ? Even though my older boys are men , I still worry about them . I worry about my 13-year-old . This worry is a stressful , and sadly normal , part of my daily existence . My youngest will be 6 feet tall in the coming weeks . He has brown skin . These young black men have arrows pointed and ready to shoot at them daily -- black-on-black crime , police encounters , societal bias and mistrust . Shortly after the Michael Brown shooting , I met with a group of my 13-year-old 's black male friends to explain to them what happened in Ferguson , and what to do and how to respond if they are ever stopped by the police . My words reminded me of stories and fears my grandfather used to share with me about his encounters with police during the Jim Crow era . These are just a few of the many ways in which people in America are treated differently based on the color of their skin . This has been going on for a long time . I hope the events in Ferguson will encourage people to see the stark differences in the experiences of black people -- not just black people who struggle economically but also black people like me -- and white people as they go about their routine , daily lives .	Kimberly Norwood , a black woman and lawyer , lives in a suburb 12 miles from Ferguson She has been ignored or seen as shoplifting risk in stores , as has her young daughter She notified police when her sons were walking to school so they would n't harass them Norwood hopes Ferguson will start conversation on black Americans ' daily experiences
CNN  -- The European Tour has long sought to grow golf outside the continent , taking top players around the world to Asia , the Middle East and Africa , while its second-tier circuit even visited South America this year . Its latest bid to break new ground -- the largely untapped golfing market of Eastern Europe -- has been driven by the desires of one of its major sponsors . One of the tour 's premier events , the World Match Play Championship , will next year move home from economically-stricken Spain to Bulgaria -- which does n't have a player ranked in the world 's top 1,500 professionals , but has attracted car manufacturer Volvo . "  Volvo was the first company to bring a European Tour event to China and we are the first to take a full European Tour event to Bulgaria , as Eastern Europe is an important business area for us , " the Swedish corporation 's president of event management said on Monday . "  We are very proud to still be delivering ground-breaking innovations as we mark our 130th professional golf tournament . Everyone at Volvo looks forward to welcoming Bulgaria to the ` family ' of exclusive host destination partners . " The tournament was staged at England 's Wentworth from 1964 to 2009 , and this year was the last at its second home at Finca Cortesin . Next year 's venue , Thracian Cliffs , has been hailed as Bulgaria 's version of the famous American coastal course Pebble Beach . "  You will not find a golf course like this anywhere else on the planet , " said its designer , South Africa golf legend Gary Player , who won the World Match Play title five times between 1965-1973 . Volvo , which also sponsors the European Tour 's China Open and Golf Champions event in South Africa , said the World Match Play will be rotated in areas of interest to its business . "  We will announce future venues in due course , " Ericsson said . Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov said it was a "  real coup " to land the tournament . "  The vast media coverage will deliver a reputable boost for Bulgaria and our tourism industry . The recent growth of golf in our country will have the opportunity to be showcased around the world , " he said . "  Volvo is setting a wonderful example to other international companies , as this shows they view Eastern Europe and Bulgaria as an area of interest for their future business development . " Nicolas Colsaerts , who helped Europe to win the Ryder Cup against the U.S. in a thrilling finale last month , will defend his World Match Play title at Thracian Hills from May 16-19 . "  I 've never been to Bulgaria but I 've heard great things about the country and Thracian Cliffs , " the Belgian said . "  Having won both the 2011 Volvo China Open and the 2012 Volvo World Match Play Championship , I think Volvo might be my lucky charm so so I hope that continues to be the case in 2013 . " Colsaerts will be one of 11 Ryder Cup winners playing at the European Tour 's BMW Masters in China this week , including world No. 1 Rory McIlroy and his predecessor Luke Donald . McIlroy won the inaugural tournament at Lake Malaren , near Shanghai , last year when it was a smaller event with no sanctioning but offering a $ 2 million first prize -- the biggest on offer in golf . This time the winner will take home â ‚ ¬ 888,560  $ 1.16 million "  To go to back and win for the second time would really put the icing on the cake of what has already been a great year for me , " said the 23-year-old Northern Irishman , who claimed his second major title at August 's PGA Championship . Next Monday he will take on world No. 2 Tiger Woods in an exhibition match at Jinsha Lake Golf Club in Zhengzhou .	Bulgaria will host a full European Tour event for the first time in May 2013 The World Match Play tournament will begin a new rotation of venues Its sponsor Volvo is seeking to take it to areas of business interest European Tour circuit moves to China this week for a newly-sanctioned event
A transgender first-grader who was born a boy but identifies as a girl has won the right to use the girls ' restroom at her Colorado school . The Colorado Rights Division ruled in favor of Coy Mathis in her fight against the Fountain-Fort Carson School District . Coy 's parents had taken her case to the commission after the district said she could no longer use the girls ' bathroom at Eagleside Elementary . In issuing its decision , the state 's rights division said keeping the ban in place "  creates an environment that is objectively and subjectively hostile , intimidating or offensive . " The Transgender Legal Defense & Education Fund praised the ruling that was filled under Colorado 's Anti-Discrimination Act . Michael Silverman , the group 's executive director , called the ruling "  a high-water mark for transgender rights . " This is the first of it 's kind ruling in the country regarding the rights of transgender students . No court , no tribunal has ever said what the Colorado Division of Civil Rights has said today which is that trangendered students must be treated equally . They specifically referenced the outmoded concept of separate but equal and told us that separate but equal is very rarely equal and it is certainly not equal in Coy 's case . Coy 's mother , Kathryn Mathis , said she 's pleased that Coy can return to school and put this behind her . The first-grader has been home schooled during the proceedings "  We 're very thrilled that Coy is able to return to school and have the same rights that all the other girls had , that she should have had and was afforded by law to begin with . We 're extremely happy that she 's going to be treated equally and we thank the civil rights division for coming to this conclusion , " Kathryn Mathis said . "  We 're very grateful to the voters of Colorado for putting its laws into place to begin with . " A girl 's life For most of the past year , Coy has dressed as a girl . Coy 's passport and state-issued identification recognize her as female . Transgender kids : Painful quest to be who they are Mathis said she got a call "  out of the blue " from the school in December saying that Coy could use the boys ' bathroom , gender-neutral faculty bathrooms or the nurse 's bathroom , but not the girls ' facilities . The district "  took into account not only Coy , but other students in the building , their parents and the future impact a boy with male genitals using a girls ' bathroom would have as Coy grew older , " a letter the family 's attorney received in December said . "  However , I 'm certain you can appreciate that , as Coy grows older and his male genitals develop along with the rest of his body , at least some parents and students are likely to become uncomfortable with his continued use of the girls ' restroom . " CNN was unable to reach the school district early Monday for comment on the ruling . But in February , the district 's attorney , W. Kelly Dude , said : "  The district firmly believes it has acted reasonably and fairly with respect to this issue . " Opinion : Gender identity not just body parts A little-studied group Transgender children experience a disconnect between their sex , which is based on their anatomy , and their gender , which includes behaviors , roles and activities , experts say . For the general public , transgender identity may be a new concept , though many might recall Chaz Bono , the child of entertainers Sonny and Cher . Born female , Bono underwent a transition in his 40s to become a man . He wrote in his book "  Transition " that , even as a child , he had been "  aware of a part of me that did not fit . " He appeared last year as a man on "  Dancing with the Stars , " in part , he said , to destigmatize being transgender . Being transgender no longer a mental ` disorder ' in diagnostic manual Comprehensive data and studies about transgender children are rare . International studies have estimated that anywhere from 1 in 30,000 to 1 in 1,000 people are transgender . Some children as young as age 3 show early signs of gender dysphoria or gender identity disorder , mental health experts who work with transgender children say . These children are not intersex -- they do not have a physical disorder or malformation of their sexual organs . The gender issue exists in the brain , though experts do not agree on whether it 's psychologically or physiologically based . Many transgender people report feeling discomfort with their gender as early as they can remember . Transgender job seekers face uphill battle Gender identity is often confused with sexual orientation . The difference is that "  gender identity is who you are , and sexual orientation is who you want to have sex with , " said Dr. Johanna Olson , a professor of clinical pediatrics at the University of Southern California , who treats transgender children . Children around age 3 are probably not interested in sexual orientation , she said . But experts say some children who look like they will be transgender in early childhood turn out to be gay , lesbian or bisexual . Differences in schools School policies toward transgender students vary across the United States . In New York , for example , the law says students ca n't be discriminated against on the basis of their gender identity . But in Maine , a court ruled in November that a school district did not violate a transgender student 's rights when she was told she could n't use the girls ' bathroom . Gender nonconformity is not a disorder , group says Dude , the Colorado school district 's attorney , has said there is nothing in that state requiring public schools to permit transgender students to use restrooms intended for the gender with which they identify . At the time , he argued that the Fountain-Fort Carson School District adheres to the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act in all respects : "  Coy attends class as all other students , is permitted to wear girls ' clothes and is referred to as the parents have requested . " On Monday , Silverman underscored what he described as the unfairness of Coy 's situation . "  By denying Coy the right to use the little girls restroom like all the other little girls at school it had created an environment that was hostile , discriminatory and unsafe . Coy was treated in what was referred to as an exceptional way , which limited her educational opportunities . In the end , we 've been saying from the start , that Coy wants the same dignity , respect and opportunity , and deserves that , as every other student in Colorado . The state of Colorado has now said that 's exactly what she deserves , " Silverman said . Girl Scouts accept transgender kid , provoking cookie boycott	Coy Mathis wins complaint under Colorado 's Anti-Discrimination Act She was denied the use of the girls ' restroom at her elementary school Coy was born a boy but identifies as a girl Ruling says district was "  objectively and subjectively hostile "
CNN  -- The body of Mary Kennedy , the estranged wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , was moved to "  a sunny hillside " in a separate section of the Cape Cod , Massachusetts , cemetery where she was originally interred two months ago , her family said . Kennedy , who had been battling depression , was found dead May 16 in Bedford , New York , a small town north of New York City where she lived . The medical examiner 's office determined Kennedy died as a result of asphyxiation due to hanging . She was 52 . The decision to move her grave in St. Francis Xavier Cemetery was made because the original plot was closely surrounded by other graves with no room for expansion , Kennedy family spokesman Ken Sunshine said . Toxicology results : No alcohol in Mary Kennedy 's system "  The grave is now on a sunny hillside , shaded by an oak tree in an area with room for her children and other family , " Sunshine said . Kerry Kennedy , Mary 's best friend and sister-in-law , and two of Mary 's children selected the new gravesite last week , he said . Kennedy family members have since purchased some 50 plots surrounding the grave , including plots reserved for all six of Mary and Robert Kennedy Jr. 's children , he said . Learn more about the life of Mary Kennedy CNN 's Khara Lewin contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Grave moved because first plot offered no room for other family plots A medical examiner ruled Mary Kennedy died of asphyxiation due to hanging Kennedy family members purchased some 50 plots surrounding the grave
CNN  -- A 19-year-old woman who handled ducks in northern China has died in Beijing from bird flu , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . Nantong of Jiangsu province , China , last month , where the H5N1 virus was discovered . The woman , Huang Yanqing , died Monday morning after she was admitted to hospital on December 27 , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . Huang had been in close contact with ducks at a market in Hebei Province , which neighbors Beijing , on December 19 . She bought nine ducks from the market and cleaned the dead fowl before giving them to some relatives and friends , Xinhua reported . Only Huang fell ill , though she had close contact with 116 people , according to the Beijing Municipal Health Bureau . Zhao Qingchao , an official with the local government in Langfang City where the market is located , told Xinhua that they have taken steps to detect the source of the deadly virus . No other cases of the H5N1 avian influenza have been reported from the same area , Xinhua reported . Authorities have disinfected and isolated the woman 's home , and officials met in Beijing on Monday about the case , but the market is still selling ducks , Xinhua reported . H5N1 has led to 248 deaths worldwide since 2003 , including 21 in China , according to the WHO .	The woman died Monday after she was admitted to hospital on December 27 She had bought ducks at a market in Hebei Province , which neighbors Beijing No one around her has fallen ill H5N1 has led to 248 deaths worldwide since 2003 , including 21 in China
CNN  -- A fire that sparked huge explosions and injured three workers on a pair of Mobile River barges is out , the U.S. Coast Guard said Thursday . Three workers who were preparing the barges for reloading Wednesday night were severely burned , according to Mobile fire officials . They were in critical condition Thursday at the University of South Alabama Medical Center , according to a spokesman . Authorities do n't believe any workers are missing . The barge was empty at the time of the initial explosion Wednesday night , but authorities believe a spark ignited vapors in it , causing an explosion that ignited a second barge , CNN affiliate WALA TV reported , citing Coast Guard Lt. Mike Clausen . At least seven explosions rocked the barges , according to the Coast Guard . At the Fort Conde Inn across the river they sounded like "  planes above you dropping bombs , " general manager Alan Waugh told WALA Wednesday . "  We were up on a second floor balcony and the sky lit up in orange and yellow , " he said . With the fire out , the Coast Guard has lifted the safety zone around the scene , allowing the shipping channel to reopen , the agency said in a news release . The barges are moored across the river from the Carnival Triumph , the cruise ship that lost power in February and drifted in the Gulf of Mexico for days before being towed to Mobile for repairs . At least 500 employees working on the ship were evacuated , Huffman said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Michael Pearson , Tina Burnside , Dave Alsup , Jessica Jordan , Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : The Mobile River barge fires are out , the U.S. coast Guard says A spark ignited natural gas vapors , a Coast Guard official tells CNN affiliate WALA Three injured workers are in critical condition with severe burns , a hospital says The explosion happened near where the stricken Carnival Triumph is being repaired
CNN  -- NASA is planning to catch an asteroid and place it in orbit around the moon . Seriously . What sounds like something from science fiction is actually a part of President Barack Obama 's proposed federal budget for the next fiscal year , according to a Florida senator . The budget is expected to be unveiled this week . Money needed to prevent big asteroid strike "  In a nutshell , the plan in NASA 's hands calls for catching an asteroid with a robotic spacecraft and towing it back toward Earth , where it would then be placed in a stable orbit around the moon , " read a statement from the office of Florida Sen. Bill Nelson . Opinion : Meteor shows why it 's crucial to keep an eye on the sky Astronauts would then travel to the asteroid where "  there could be mining activities , research into ways of deflecting an asteroid from striking Earth and testing to develop technology for a trip to deep space and Mars , " it said . NASA 's plan is similar to one suggested last year by experts at the California Institute of Technology , said Nelson , who is chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Science and Space . That plan proposed bringing a 500-ton asteroid closer to Earth . Meteor lights up East Coast -- and social media Obama supports NASA 's plan and is including about $ 100 million in his proposed budget to kick it off , the senator said . The president has previously said that he wants to send astronauts to an asteroid for the first time by 2025 . NASA 's plan would bump that date up by four years to 2021 , according to Nelson 's office . The proposal may have gotten an unexpected boost in February when an asteroid exploded over Russia , injuring more than 1,000 people , causing millions of dollars in damage and sparking fresh concerns about the severity of space threats . Catch up on space and science news on Light Years	NASA aims to tow the asteroid back toward Earth , says Florida Sen. Bill Nelson Astronauts would then travel there to study it President Barack Obama supports the plan , Nelson says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Call it a case of high tech meeting low tech , really the lowest of tech . Satellites are locating penguin waste , which is easier to find than the penguins themselves British scientists are using pictures from high-powered satellites to pinpoint emperor penguin colonies in Antarctica . The penguins are difficult to pick up on sea ice , because of their natural camouflage that helps them blend into the shadows -- so the British Antarctic Survey had to come up with another method . Fortunately , penguin waste shows up nicely from space , staining the ice a light brown . "  We ca n't see actual penguins on the satellite maps because the resolution is n't good enough , " said mapping expert Peter Fretwell . "  But during the breeding season the birds stay at a colony for eight months . The ice gets pretty dirty and it 's the guano stains that we can see . " The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new . Of previously known colonies , six had re-located and six were not found . "  This is a very exciting development . Now we know exactly where the penguins are , the next step will be to count each colony so we can get a much better picture of population size , " said penguin ecologist Phil Trathan . "  Using satellite images combined with counts of penguin numbers puts us in a much better position to monitor future population changes over time . " Estimates put the total number of penguins at between 200,000 and 400,000 breeding pairs .	British scientists are using a new way to pinpoint penguin colonies in Antarctica Satellites pick up images of penguin waste as actual penguins can not be seen The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new
CNN  -- It 's a sweltering May afternoon in Hong Kong . In Tsim Sha Tsui , facing the city 's iconic skyline , a Russian couple poses -- a slender woman with impeccable style drags her boyfriend by the hand toward the skyscrapers across the harbor . Nearby , a hoard of journalists takes their own pictures of this couple taking pictures . It 's all for a perfect Instagram shot . This is the couple behind , or in front of , the "  Follow Me To " project . The images of Natalia Zakharova leading her photographer boyfriend , Murad Osmann , toward exotic , picturesque locations around the globe took off last year , and Osmann 's Instagram account now has more than 1.1 million followers . All the images are taken in the same style : from Murad 's perspective showing just his extended arm and Natalia 's back against beautiful backdrops . The project started accidentally in 2011 during a holiday in Barcelona when Natalia got frustrated with snap-happy Murad , who was pre-occupied taking pictures of the city . "  This is just a hobby , " says Natalia . "  We 're not thinking about being famous at all . " Will Russia follow them ? Now , the Hong Kong Tourism Board has commissioned the pair to lure more Russian tourists to the city . Out of the 54 million tourist arrivals in Hong Kong last year , 223,664 came from Russia . That 's a 20 % increase from 2012 . Russians spend more than any other tourists  HK$ 9,258  $ 1,190  per person , on average  , including those from Mainland China  HK$ 8,937  , according to the Hong Kong Tourism Board . The couple have taken their signature images at some of Hong Kong 's top tourist spots -- such as the Choi Hung Estate -- as part of the Tourism Board 's social media campaign . The first two images were revealed over the last week and the rest will be released one by one leading up to winter , a key travel season for Russians , explains a HK Tourism Board spokesperson . Both Zakharova and Osmann have day jobs back in Moscow -- she 's a journalist and he 's a film director -- that they try to juggle with this continuously expanding project . "  It 's really hard to balance our jobs and all the travel , " says Murad . "  We plan ahead -- we speak to the local photographers and communities for recommendations . Then we have to take weekends out . "  We have to take up to 20 dresses with us -LSB- for Natalia -RSB- to see what looks best and all the equipment . It 's not an easy project -- it 's not a holiday . " In future we can expect to see short travel video guides from the couple , comprising behind-the-scenes footage of the creation of each image as well as walking viewers through each destination 's history and culture . "  It 's not a commercial project , " says Natalia . "  Each city , each country has its own unique character . We love all of the places . " Alisha Haridasani is a freelance journalist based in Hong Kong where she works for a variety of print and broadcast institutions .	` Follow Me To ' now has 1.1 million followers on Instagram HK Tourism Board hopes to attract big-spending Russians with new campaign Future projects include a series of travel videos
