Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- I stopped on a recent night in front of the palace of the Polish president . I had no choice : The crowd stood so thick that I could not move . We were hemmed between the buildings on one side of the sidewalk and a police barrier on the other . The wide pavement between was obstructed by gawkers watching a strange performance : a weird seemingly incomprehensible little passion play of stereotyped figures . What the hell is this ? I asked an onlooker wedged against me . I kept asking . He answered , but in Polish , leaving me no wiser . I had stumbled across the summer 's big political conflict in Poland : the site of a wooden cross placed to commemorate the accidental death of Lech Kaczynski , the former president of Poland killed in an air crash near Smolensk in April . Admirers of the president had laid the cross at the gates of the presidential residence as a symbol of mourning . In the same spirit , admirers of Princess Diana laid flowers at the gate of Kensington Palace in London . But while flowers disintegrate after an interval , wooden crosses do not . The cross stayed in place for weeks . Supporters lit candles , said prayers . You might expect the crowds to thin as time passed . Quite the opposite . Feelings for -- and against -- have flared and intensified the battle over a cross that has come to symbolize the divisions in Polish society . Kaczynski was not a universally admired figure . Younger Poles , urban Poles , highly educated Poles tended to perceive Kaczynski as rustic , embarrassing . Older Poles , rural Poles , tradition-minded Poles were Kaczynski 's constituency . Like them , Kaczynski upheld traditional Catholic beliefs and mistrusted free-market economic reforms . Kaczynski 's death confirmed both his supporters and his detractors ' views . Supporters saw a Polish patriot flying to Smolensk to pay tribute to the 22,000 Polish officers murdered in the Katyn Forest in 1940 -- and to extract from Russia belated acknowledgement of its crime . Detractors saw an egomaniac trying to upstage his own prime minister , who had made the same trip for the same purpose three days earlier . They quietly suspect Kaczynski pressured his pilot to disregard air traffic control and proceed with a landing in unsafe conditions , resulting in the deaths of 95 others . Supporters have increasingly represented Kaczynski as a martyr , a victim of a mysterious conspiracy organized by the Russians , the New World Order , who knows who ? Detractors are disgusted by the conspiracy theories -- and increasingly impatient with accolades to a president they quietly regard as deeply third-rate . At the beginning of August , Poland 's newly elected president , Bronislaw Komorowski , proposed a compromise . The cross would be removed from the presidential residence and displayed instead in nearby St. Anne 's Church , one of the capital 's most famous monuments . At the original site of the cross , a commemorative plaque would be placed in the pavement . That proposal enraged pro-Kaczynski Poles . On August 3 , more than 1,000 protesters forcibly prevented the removal of the cross . Cross opponents have now begun to stage counter-protests . The opponents have begun to perceive in the cross agitation an attempt to impose a sectarian identity on a state that -- while overwhelmingly Catholic in belief -- is secular in law . "  Crosses belong in church , not at the gate of the presidential palace , " one cross opponent told me . They see the crowds surrounding the cross as the embryo of a reactionary , xenophobic political movement : a repudiation of 20 years of effort to build a modern , dynamic , European Poland . But pro-Kaczynski Poles see the dismissal of the cross as a dismissal of them . Not all Poles speak English or German , not all Poles use a computer or work for international companies . Many Poles were born slightly too early to benefit from post-communist opportunities : For them , the end of communism meant only the end of a job at a steel mill or a coal mine or a collective farm . They know that city sophisticates disparaged Kaczynski as crude and ignorant . They darkly suspect that these upwardly mobile Poles hold an equally negative opinion of their less successful compatriots . As one Kaczynski supporter told the Financial Times : The cross "  is a reminder that there was a president here who suffered , who was made fun of . " If you catch echoes here of what Sarah Palin has meant to some of her supporters , it 's probably not a coincidence : a politician disdained by society 's smarty-pants - and who redeployed that disdain to gain the support of those who feel disdained themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	A wooden cross dedicated to late President Lech Kaczynski has prompted division in Poland David Frum says supporters of keeping cross in place favor more traditional values He says those in favor of moving cross support dramatic improvements in Polish economy Kaczynski 's admirers think he was not valued by the elites , Frum says , much like Sarah Palin
Sunset  -- Yes , I admit this was n't the first time I 'd forgotten an important event . Let 's not get hung up on that . What 's important is that I quickly and admirably redeemed myself . For a refreshing walk , try a sliver of the Laguna Beach coastline , about 50 miles south of Los Angeles . Once the florist came to deliver the white dendrobium  I collect orchids  and I read the note -- "  Happy Anniversary . Love , J " -- I immediately jumped into action : In less than an hour , I 'm driving my wife , Jan , to Laguna Beach , our favorite seaside village . It is a place blessedly stocked with eateries where a guy can get noteworthy huevos rancheros while his beloved browses chic shops along Ocean and Forest Avenues for bejeweled sandals during winter sales . Laguna Beach also happens to be where we spent a few days on our honeymoon years ago , so I have that going for me . Short of hiring a helicopter , there are only two ways to get to this gallery-filled artist colony , either along Orange County 's Coast Highway or down eucalyptus-laden Laguna Canyon Road , which curves like a riverbed , flowing down to the sea from the base of steep hills dotted with aerie bright-white homes that look like seagulls perched on precipices . As we roll into town just before sunset , we feel like we 're dropping into a box canyon with the Pacific Ocean as its only outlet , making the village feel cozy and isolated , particularly in the fall and winter months when the crowds thin out . A chilly breeze brings the faint smell of menthol  the canyon 's eucalyptus trees  and something sweet , like saltwater taffy , perhaps from one of the candy stores . Long sheets of purplish orange clouds scatter like flaming blankets across the sky , suffusing the ocean , the sky , even Jan 's face with a fireside glow . "  This is such a special treat , " she says . "  I ca n't believe you thought of it . By the way , where are we staying ? " Fortunately , I 'm prepared for this question . I 've been turning it over in my head from the moment we left home . I was thinking we could try to get a room at the hotel where we 'd spent three nights on our honeymoon , even though it was n't that great . But then my spousal guilt kicks in , so I decide to bite the bullet and go all out at Montage Laguna Beach resort and spa : California Craftsman architecture . Plein air art lining lobby walls . Feather-top beds . Soaking tubs for two . Views of Laguna 's beaches . Jaw-dropping room rates . That sort of thing . Beach romance When we get up the next morning , the sun warming up the room , Jan and I both notice the quiet . With doors open wide to the Pacific , we hear the chest-thumping crash of the waves , the raspy bark of sea lions , the singsongy entreaty of a distant jogger calling his dog back from a run on the beach . I say we love the quiet , then I talk about the sounds . But it 's different . In summer , beach sounds can be cacophonous . In fall and winter , there 's mostly the wind and waves and sea life . We love the communal feel of the town at this time of year , when locals , who seem to hibernate during the hot months , suddenly reappear to reclaim their favorite eateries and bars . One morning we laze about Zinc Cafe on boutique-lined Ocean Avenue , reading the paper while digging into massive bowls of oatmeal mixed with dried cherries and nuts and surreptitiously listening to the breezy conversation around us -- like that of the young woman at the next table who 's trying to convince a friend to join her in a laughter-yoga workshop on the beach . "  At first you just feel really stupid going hee-hee-hee , haw-haw-haw , but then you really do start laughing and it ... it 's such a release , " she says . "  What the heck is laughter yoga ? " I lean over and whisper to Jan. . She raises her eyebrows , perplexed , and we both try hard not to laugh . Fishing for adventure For exercise , we hike down from Coast Highway to Victoria Beach , a secluded cove hardly anyone goes to , particularly off-season . I take moody black-and-white photos of Jan on a sea-worn rock in front of an odd little castle turret on the beach , a tower built almost 80 years ago by an early inhabitant who was looking to camouflage spiraling stairs to his house -- long gone -- on the bluff above us . We do a lot of beach walking , particularly just before cocktail hour in the late afternoon . Strolling down Treasure Island beach , we come across couples cozy on their blankets , and chilled surf fishermen slapping their hands together while keeping a watchful eye on their poles . That night we enjoy dinner at Sapphire Laguna restaurant , where the old Pottery Shack , a local landmark , sat for 60 years . We huddle around a firepit on the patio , looking over the roofs of shops along the highway to where the sun is dipping into the dark ocean , and nosh on homemade rosemary and sea-salt potato chips while quaffing Chimay Blue dark ale . And while it is n't exactly my favorite adventure , in the spirit of the weekend I join Jan one afternoon while she pokes around the shops of Laguna Village , perched on a bluff above the ocean , trying not to act too annoyed when she insists I sniff herbal-scented candles or try on goofy-looking leather hats , the type worn by guys with walrus mustaches and jackets with fringe . In short , we do everything and nothing at all , which is really the best thing about Laguna at this time of year . And I think Jan appreciated my efforts . Which may explain why she seems completely unruffled when I confess that I had , indeed , forgotten our anniversary . "  Of course you did , " she says as we head back home . "  Why do you think I sent the orchid ? " A more cynical man might suspect that she 'd engineered the whole weekend herself . But what are the odds of that ? Getting there Laguna Beach is 50 miles south of Los Angeles and 75 miles north of San Diego ; John Wayne-Orange County Airport is 15 miles away . For more area info , contact the Laguna Beach visitors bureau  800/877 -1115  . 3 romantic stays Casa Laguna Inn & Spa Historical inn with suites and rooms , most with fireplaces . To make it extra romantic : The Togetherness spa treatment  from $ 250  includes side-by-side massages , a soak in the ocean-view garden tub , and a bottle of bubbly with souvenir flutes . INFO : Rooms from $ 250 , including breakfast , wine , and cheese ; 800/233 -0449 . Montage Laguna Beach Five-star digs in Craftsman-style buildings with stunning ocean views . To make it extra romantic : The Montage excels at sparking romance . Food of Love  from $ 150 per person  is a four-course candlelit dinner staged in a poolside cabana , and there are couples ' plein air painting sessions  from $ 200 per person  . But we like the Sunrise Surfing for two  from $ 200  , which comes with a private beach butler and the option of matching surfboards or bodyboards that you can keep . INFO : Rooms from $ 695 ; 888/715 -6700 . Surf & Sand Resort On the water and close to downtown shops and restaurants . Splashes restaurant  $ $ $ $ ; 1555 S. Coast Hwy. ; 949/376 -2779  is a local favorite in winter for enjoying storm surf . To make it extra romantic : Splurge on having the room decorated with rose petals and white tea lights  from $ 150  . INFO : Rooms from $ 275 ; 888/869 -7569 . Where to eat Sapphire Laguna Delicious homemade-chorizo huevos rancheros and eclectic dishes like kalua pulled-pork quesadilla ; brunch Sat -- Sun . INFO : $ $ $ ; 1200 S. Coast Hwy. ; 949/715 -9888 . Studio California-French cuisine showcasing seasonal ingredients . INFO : $ $ $ $ ; closed Mon ; in Montage Laguna Beach resort , 30801 S. Coast Hwy. ; 949/715 -6420 . Zinc Cafe & Market Tasty pastries and generous portions of breakfast and lunch offerings . INFO : $ ; 350 Ocean Ave. ; 949/494 -6302 . What to do Laguna Art Museum If the dozens of local art galleries overwhelm you , spend an afternoon at this museum . Its focus on California art is a good primer for further discovery . INFO : $ 10 ; 307 Cliff Dr. ; 949/494 -8971 . Laguna Village Beach - and art-themed kiosks . INFO : On S. Coast Hwy . near Legion St. Pure Light Make candles  from $ 14  any day , or sign up for a workshop  from $ 10  and create holiday cards or ornaments . INFO : 821 Laguna Canyon Rd. ; 949/376 -7200 . See sea lions Despite its name , Seal Rock  free ; Crescent Bay Beach , N. Coast Hwy . at Cliff Dr.  is the place to observe Laguna Beach 's sea lion colony ; they 're here year-round . Or you can go to Pacific Marine Mammal Center  free but donations welcome ; 20612 Laguna Canyon Rd. ; 949/494 -3050  , where injured and ill sea lions are rehabilitated . Proceeds from the gift shop help care for the mammals . Treasure Island Crescent-shaped beach with fishing and tidepools . INFO : Free ; down a ramp at the southwest edge of Montage Laguna Beach resort . Victoria Beach Beautiful pocket beach near Casa Laguna Inn & Spa . INFO : Free ; down the narrow staircase  watch for other beachgoers  off Victoria Dr. at Sunset Terrace St. E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Laguna Beach , California , is about 50 miles south of Los Angeles Crowds thin out in Laguna Beach in the fall and winter months Art galleries , shops and secluded beach walks keep visitors entertained
CNN  -- Born into grinding poverty and with a degenerative eye condition which left her almost totally blind , Terezinha Guilhermina first became aware of her athletic abilities when fleeing a school bully in her home city of Betim in Brazil . Despite her apparent disadvantage , Guilhermina easily outpaced her much older would-be assailant and , as fear mixed with exhilaration , she inadvertently found her true forte in life . "  I love to run . I feel free and complete , " the three-time Paralympic gold medalist told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The feeling of moving fast is just magical , it 's wonderful . " Guilhermina may have been blessed with natural talent , but the handicaps she faced on her journey to track and field stardom would have defeated most mere mortals . Coming from a family of 12 , her mother died when she was just nine and the children were often left to forage for leftovers just to feed themselves . "  We did n't have much to eat , our diet was always poor , " the 34-year-old recalled . Despite her visual impairment , Guilhermina was forced to attend a regular school -- "  I suffered from bullying because I was n't normal " -- and was in her early 20s before she completed her education . Sporting dream Still harboring a dream to excel at sports , the impoverished Guilhermina enrolled on a disability project being run by the Betim city council , focusing on swimming and running . "  I found an association that had sports for the vision-impaired . I joined and started to compete . " She initially chose swimming because she did n't own a pair of running shoes , but her sister , who worked as a maid , said "  here , take mine . " Guilhermina may have had a pair of hand-down trainers and a coach who encouraged her to compete in her first race , but her visual handicap left her at a further disadvantage . "  I had to train when no one was around because I had no guide , " she said . So for fear of obstructing other runners , Guilhermina took to the track when it was deserted . "  I had to train at the hottest time , which was from 12-2 p.m. because there was no one around . I would run and run until I did 40 laps  16 kilometers  . " Existing on a diet of flour and sugar , living in a house where there was no real shelter from the rain , only an incredible inner will to succeed kept her going . "  I said I wanted to be the best in the world , I thought if I could make it , I would be able to change my future , to change my destiny , " she said . "  I would push myself to the limits . I would do 70 laps and barely eat . " First prize Guilhermina started taking part in local road races with the aim of making money to fund her activities and buy basic foodstuffs . "  The first money that I earned made me believe that I would be able to realize all my dreams , " she said . "  I won 80 Reais  $ 40  in a street race , and stopped in a market to buy a yoghurt that I always dreamed of eating since I was little . " Her ability came to the notice of Brazilian Paralympic officials and she was selected to compete in the 2004 Games in Athens , over the distances of 400 , 800 and 1500m . Categorized as T11 for athletes who have no functional vision , Guilhermina was able to run with a guide , but the athlete nominated to run with her proved of little use . "  When we got to Athens , the first thing he said was , ` You are on your own . ' The night before the 400m race , he spent the whole night clubbing and during the event he almost fell ... he was more tired than I was ! " she said . Despite the near mishap , Guilhermina took the bronze medal in the 400m -- but finished down the field in the other two events . She realized that she was competing in the wrong races , and swapped the two longer ones for sprints over 100m and 200m . It proved an inspired move and , once she had mastered the skill of driving out of the starting blocks , Guilhermina never looked back . First gold A world record in the 100m for her category came in 2007 and she won a full set of medals at the Beijing Paralympics the following year . Her defeat in 100m was a disappointment though , as Chinese runner Wu Chunmiao won gold . "  I was slow getting out of the blocks and I stumbled . " But Guilhermina made amends in the 200m to win her first Paralympic gold , and repeated her bronze of Athens in the 400m . Coming into London 2012 , Guilhermina was ever more confident , particularly because of the ability of her guide runner , Guilherme Soares de Santana . He is her seventh , having come together in 2010 . "  He 's the best guide in the world because I 'm not aware of him on the track . Guilherme has given me back the feeling of running by myself . That 's the best gift I could have . " The ultimate goal for 2012 was a hat-trick of Paralympic golds and , after a comfortable win in the 200m , they seemed on track . Then disaster struck in the 400m , in one of the most heartbreaking moments of the Games . The pair looked set for victory when Soares de Santana fell in the finishing straight , pulling down Guilhermina in full flight . The capacity crowd gasped in disbelief as France 's Assia El Hannouni crossed the line first while the Brazilian pair lay prone on the track . World record In defeat , Guilhermina had made the headlines and highlighted the fine line between success and failure in disability sport . "  I felt literally blind in that moment , and that moment , he stopped being invisible to me , " she recounted . But it was to be expected that Guilhermina would not let that setback derail her ambitions and the very next day , still "  very sore from all the previous races , " she stormed to victory in the 100m in a world-record time of 12.01 seconds . Honor was restored after the bitter disappointment of just 24 hours previously , and she and Soares de Santana shared the glory on the podium . "  We are a team . If we lose we do it together , and if we win ... we win together , " she said proudly . Despite her advancing years -- she will be pushing 38 by the time of the Rio Paralympics -- Guilhermina is absolutely determined to compete in her three events in front of home fans and achieve the hat-trick which so cruelly eluded her . "  I 'm going to take care of myself so that in Rio I can win gold medals in every race I compete . I intend to do better than London when it comes to my times . " The inspiration is performing for the last time in front of her home fans and being a role model for the next generation . "  I feel honored to be an example for others , " she said . "  It makes it feel worthwhile to have overcome all the challenges I have encountered so I can help others to dream and also fulfill their dreams . " Ultimate high Guilhermina describes the award of the Summer and Paralympics Games to the Rio de Janeiro as a "  gift from god " which leaves her with the opportunity to go out on the ultimate high with "  unforgettable moments " which could not be topped . Her future after running is unclear , though when she was younger she had ambitions to go into the legal profession . Fearing that her disability would lead to being discriminated against in such a profession , Guilhermina opted for a sporting life . "  I feel like I 've accomplished all my fantasies and childhood dreams , " she said . "  I had nothing , now I have everything . "	Terezinha Guilhermina is the fastest blind woman runner in the world She won two gold medals at 2012 London Paralympics but fell in 400m The 34-year-old will retire after the 2016 Paralympics in her native Brazil Guilhermina : "  I had nothing , now I have everything "
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. transportation security officials want to speed more travelers through airport security lines by expanding a voluntary program that requires a background check . "  Let 's get away from the one size fits all and let 's focus on those that we can pre-screen , " Transportation Security Administration chief John Pistole told the Aspen Security Forum on Friday . "  Those who are willing to share just a little bit of information and say let 's do that pre-screening so we can expedite your physical screen at the checkpoint because we have a high confidence that you are not a terrorist , " he said . For those who opt to become a five-year member of the PreCheck program for $ 85 , they can keep their shoes , belt and light jacket as they walk through a dedicated and expedited security line . Additionally , they can keep a laptop and small water bottle in their bag . The original initiative required travelers to opt in through an airline 's frequent flier program or first enroll in other programs like trusted traveler . Starting later this year , U.S. citizens will be able to apply online and visit an enrollment site to provide identification and fingerprints . TSA will start the program at Washington Dulles and Indianapolis International with plans to expand later . It also requires a background check . "  Then , within two to three weeks ... you will be issued a known travel number , " Pistole said , to applause in Aspen . TSA hopes to have 25 % of the traveling public enrolled in expedited screening by the end of 2013 . More than 650 million people fly U.S. airlines annually . Airlines and TSA have for years sought to expedite passenger screening , especially for premium-paying business customers . But striking a balance between thorough security in a post 9/11 age and the desire of travelers to reduce the "  hassle factor " of airport screening has been a political , logistical , and financial challenge . The idea of removing low-risk , pre-screened people from the main security lines , will allow security resources to be concentrated more closely on potential threats and alleviate long lines at security checkpoints . Homeland security officials are most concerned about long-standing terror interests in bringing down U.S. airliners . Currently , the focus has been on sharpening the ability of security personnel to detect explosives . Since the TSA first announced the PreCheck program in March of 2012 , a total of 12 million travelers at 40 airports have taken advantage of expedited security lines . When it was first released , the program was only available on Delta and American Airlines , but US Airways , United Airlines and Alaska Airlines were later included . The latest expansion will include JetBlue and Southwest , the largest airline for domestic flights . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Tim Hume contributed to this report .	The PreCheck program requires fingerprints and a background check More travelers can enroll online later this year TSA , airlines have for years sought to balance security with passenger convenience Several airlines , including Delta , American , United , and Southwest participating
CNN  -- Much has been made of the electric car driving to the rescue of ailing automobile manufacturers and saving the planet at the same time . But what if that eco-savior came on two wheels instead of four ? Lean , green electric machine : KLD is hoping to kickstart the electric scooter industry with its new engine . A high price tag , a limited range , sluggish performance and the tendency not to work when they get wet , have meant that electric scooters are a rare sight on the roads . However , KLD Energy Technologies , an electric engine company based in Texas , believes that its new electric motor can overcome all these problems and kick-start the sector . It 's teaming up with Vietnamese motorbike manufacturer Sufat to produce an affordable electric-powered scooter that has a performance just as good as a normal petrol-powered bike . "  We chose Vietnam -LSB- to launch the bike -RSB- because there are 22 million scooters in a country of 85 million people . That 's a lot of people riding scooters in a contained area and the pollution is a concern . All governments in southeast Asia are looking for solutions -LSB- to pollution problems -RSB- , but so far there has n't been one . We believe that we 've found that solution , " Christian Okonsky , founder of KLD Energy Technologies told CNN . Rather than looking at making batteries more efficient , KLD has improved the performance of the engine itself . The company has built an engine using nano-crystalline composite materials , which it believes is 10 times more efficient than traditional iron core motors , giving an output of 2500 hertz . Together with a computerized motor control , the KLD engine is compatible with any type of battery . Top speed of the KLD scooter is about 55 mph , which is almost double that of many electric scooters and delivers twice as much torque , accelerating from 0 to 50 mph in ten seconds . The engine also does n't require a transmission . The range on a full charge depends on the type of battery used , although in tests KLD says that its motor system extends the distance a battery can go before a charge is required by 40 percent . Cost-efficiency of components and years of technological development have created the engine KLD has the sole license to produce . "  The nano-crystalline material was developed 20 years ago , but it was incredibly expensive and people could n't figure out how to use it in a motor . Even 10 years ago a computer , to run this kind of high frequency engine , would have been more like the size of a desk top computer . The magnets we use today that cost 20 cents 10 years ago would have cost $ 4 to $ 5 , " said Okonsky . Vectrix Electrics is another company that has been developing electric scooters , so far selling only in North America and Europe . While the performance of its scooters is comparable to KLD 's , their models sell at a much higher price tag around $ 11,000 . Earlier this month Vectrix reported financial difficulties and has been forced to make staff cuts . Okonsky , however , remains positive that the KLD scooter engine will be successful and that there is a market for electric-powered scooters . By the end of the year KLD is aiming for 2,000 scooters a month to be produced by Sufat with its electric engine . The projected retail price is around $ 1500 , only slightly more than Sufat 's existing bikes that sell in Vietnam for between $ 800 and $ 1250 . "  Among two-wheelers a scooter is the best for electric drive , " auto industry analyst John Wormald of Autopolis told CNN . "  A motorcycle is too performance-driven , so it 's not really suitable , but a scooter would be . For many electric bikes with very limited battery capacity , the power is just an assist and the battery can be heavy which is n't great , if you 're cycling . " Yet the market for electric bikes -- the pedal variety with a battery pack -- has been booming , particularly in China . According to the China Bicycle Association , sales of electric bikes in China stood at 58,000 in 1998 , compared with the 20 million recorded just a decade later in 2008 . Watch the report on electric bikes " . However , rather than replacing cars , the majority of electric bikes are affordable substitutions for bicycles , as Chinese cities continue to grow and daily commutes get longer . Their impact in reducing pollution then is open to question , as car sales in the country continue to rise . Ultimately the real eco-credentials of electric vehicles depends on how the electricity is generated , but for helping to relieve vehicle exhaust-filled streets , especially in Asia 's two-wheel dominated city centers , electric mopeds could go a long way . As the idea of electric vehicles as viable substitutions for petrol-powered ones becomes more widely accepted , Okonsky 's bigger challenge will be convincing skeptics that the old problems of electric scooters have been overcome . "  I 'm always asked , ` What happens if I go through a puddle , will it still work ? ' The answer is yes , " Okonsky said . In fact , Okonsky says that they 've tested their engine underwater and it still works . Expect a video of the trial on KLD 's Web site soon .	Electric scooter developed with same price and performance as petrol models Engine 's developers say it is much more effectual than other electric motors Huge scope for electric scooters , primarily in Asian cities , if made affordable
As an argument between Gina and her boyfriend escalated in their New Jersey home more than 20 years ago , he started to become violent . Gina 's friend Shawna , who 'd come over to check on her , picked up the phone to call the police . Soon , Gina 's boyfriend redirected his fury . It was n't until he turned his attention from Gina and began beating Shawna with the phone that it clicked . "  It was such an eye opener to what he had been doing to me , " Gina said . Shawna 's reaction was not to cower , as Gina had done in the past when her boyfriend flew off the handle . She fended off the violent man , and Gina helped her . "  I saw then that he was n't this superhuman . Two pretty slight girls were able to subdue him , " Gina said .  CNN is using only first names to protect the women 's privacy . Shawna had told Gina time and again that her partner was abusive . "  I made all sorts of excuses for him : He was stressed , having a bad day , etc. . Mostly I blamed myself for it , " Gina said . Inspired by Shawna 's actions , Gina obtained a restraining order , and the police removed him from the home . Their nearly two-year relationship was over . "  I surrounded myself with friends , kept busy , but I did n't get a healthy mindset until years later , " Gina said . To an outsider 's eye , the issue of domestic violence can be black and white : Just leave . For those left physically and emotionally black and blue , that zero-tolerance perspective is n't as clear , creating a disconnect between the abused and those who care for them . When pop stars Chris Brown and Rihanna affectionately attended a Lakers game together on Christmas Day , many were left scratching -- or shaking -- their heads over the potentially rekindled romance . Brown had been sentenced in August 2009 for felony assault on Rihanna , his then-girlfriend . He was required to serve probation , do 1,400 hours of community service and complete a 52-week domestic violence program . Opinion : Rihanna making a bad decision ? After their outing became public , CNN reader Daverelentless commented on the Marquee blog , "  When he beats her up again  it 's only a matter of time  , I will not feel sorry for her . Only an idiot sticks their head in the Lion 's mouth TWICE just to see if the Lion bites . " He was n't alone in expressing anger and bewilderment over Rihanna 's decision to welcome Brown back into her life . Witnesses to abusive relationships often ask : Why go back ? Katie Ray-Jones , president of the National Domestic Violence Hotline and the National Dating Abuse Helpline , says there are countless reasons a victim returns to or stays in an abusive relationship : low self-worth , financial worries , fear of what the abuser would do if the abused left , even love . Friends and family are often an integral part of the victim 's way out . According to Ray-Jones , loved ones of the abused are the second most frequent callers to her organization 's help line , behind the abused themselves . "  What can we do , because she does n't want to leave ? " they ask . Ray-Jones uses "  she " and "  her " because only 3 % of the hot line 's callers are male . But domestic violence affects men too : A 2010 CDC survey found that more than one in three women and more than one in four men had experienced violence by an intimate partner . Ray-Jones said an abused woman will leave a relationship approximately seven times before she leaves for good . The back and forth can frustrate friends and family . If victims feel supported , they may grow stronger and more confident . "  It 's really important for her to make the decision to leave . He 's controlling decision-making , so if you seem to control her decision as well , it 's not good , " Ray-Jones said . Being supportive does n't mean telling the abused over and over that they should leave . Instead , offer a listening ear for when they 're ready to open up . " ' I really care about you ; I 'm your friend ; I want to make sure you 're OK ; and I want to let you know I 'm here for you , ' " Ray-Jones suggested . Ray-Jones also notes that if you think an abused person 's life is at risk , you should be "  very careful " about calling 911 . "  If the police show up and they do n't arrest him for whatever reason , that could be a really bad situation for her , " Ray-Jones said . An alternative is to offer the victim a safe place to stay or a referral to a shelter . Even if the victim does n't listen the first or second or eighth time , it 's important not to give up , Ray-Jones said . The mantra : "  I respect your decision . Here are some tips to keep you safe . " If an abuse victim feels judged by a friend or family member , he or she could lose trust , withdraw and become skeptical of talking about the abuse to anyone else . When Krystal 's sister , Renee , left her second abusive relationship , she turned to her family , who had stuck by her and helped her move away from her first abuser . During that year-long relationship , Renee often refused help but would n't get angry when the family offered , Krystal said . "  I have no doubt that she could have survived on her own ; she 's a strong woman . I think the most important thing was that we validated her feeling that things were n't right , " Krystal said . Renee managed to extricate herself from her first abusive relationship , and according to Krystal , her new boyfriend was "  so nice and welcoming when I visited . He seemed really sweet to her most of the time . " Then , Renee 's boyfriend kicked her out of the house with no money . She needed a place to stay , so she picked up the phone and called their father again for help . "  She did n't give many details , just that she was kicked out of the house . Slowly , other details started coming through , but I think it took her a while to really accept that she was in an abusive situation , " Krystal said . It was n't until much later that she mentioned to Krystal that he had even , at one point , threatened her with a gun . Renee never pressed charges or called the police . She still has to keep in contact with her abuser because they share custody of their children . Her family is still behind her , even with the knowledge that they ca n't fix everything . "  I felt absolutely helpless , " Krystal said . "  The survivor has to be the one to take action and make decisions . It 's not easy to admit that you ca n't just come to the rescue for your little sister . " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Sarah LeTrent on Twitter	Friends and family can be an integral part of a domestic violence victim 's way out Offer a listening ear for victims when they 're ready to open up CDC : Third of women , quarter of men had experienced violence by an intimate partner
Remee Lee was elated when she became pregnant , but those feelings quickly turned into a nightmare that wo n't let go of her . Her boyfriend was n't happy about the pregnancy , but it was Lee 's dream to have a child . Until her boyfriend , John Andrew Welden , took that dream away . This week , Welden , 28 , pleaded guilty to killing their unborn baby . How ? He tricked Lee into taking an abortion pill , causing her to miscarry . "  Every day is a nightmare for me ever since this began , " Lee told Chris Cuomo on CNN 's ` New Day ' Tuesday . "  Even hearing the guilty  plea  yesterday , it 's hard to believe it , it 's hard to read it and know that this actually happened to me . " Guilty plea ca n't take away pain Lee , 26 , was in the Florida courtroom Monday , dabbing away tears as her former boyfriend accepted a plea deal that could send him to prison for at least 13 years . Follow the conversation with Chris Cuomo Welden was indicted under the rarely used federal Unborn Victims of Violence Act , a murder charge that carries a life sentence . Todd Foster , Welden 's defense attorney , told reporters that the stakes of going to trial were too high . "  The possibility of a mandatory life sentence , no discretion to the judge , obviously is a big factor , " Foster said . "  Obviously it 's tragic all around from every angle , and I think that 's recognized . " Those who know Lee say she 's still burdened by sadness . "  Nothing is going to bring back what was taken from her , " Lee 's attorney Gil Sanchez said . She trusted him Lee has said she was madly in love with Welden when she suspected she was pregnant . They went together for a sonogram at Welden 's father 's Tampa-area clinic . The test showed she was six weeks pregnant . Despite her boyfriend 's reluctance , Lee planned to have the baby . Days later , Welden told Lee that her blood tests had shown that she had an infection and needed to take amoxicillin . But instead of the antibiotic , Welden brought her Cytotec , a drug that causes contractions . Welden told her to take three pills a day . She trusted him . After she took only one pill , Lee was rushed to the hospital with abdominal pain and bleeding . She lost the baby . When doctors inspected the pills , it was discovered that they were not antibiotics , but abortion pills . "  There 's just no words for the horror I wake up with every day that this is my reality . There 's no escaping it , there 's no turning it off , " Lee said . Welden said nothing as he left the courtroom Monday . Surrounded by security , he silently walked by a group of reporters , got into a black Hummer and was driven away . Welden is scheduled to be sentenced December 5 . Women selling positive pregnancy tests on Craigslist	John Welden pleaded guilty Monday He was accused of tricking his girlfriend into taking an abortion pill Welden faced a life sentence but took a plea deal He is scheduled to be sentenced in December
Johannesburg  CNN  South African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence . Their first target : the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown , where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday . South African police raided a Jeppestown hostel Tuesday while troops secured the perimeter . Earlier , Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants . "  This intervention is not an indictment on the police . ... We are coming in because they need that support , " she said after visiting Johannesburg 's Alexandra township , one area where mobs have attacked immigrants from other African nations and looted their shops -- ostensibly based on the belief that immigrants are taking South Africans ' jobs . Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from South Africa 's neighbors . Xenophobic killing caught by photographer Much of this month 's violence happened in the port city of Durban , where at least two foreigners and three South Africans were killed after mobs with machetes attacked immigrant shops . Thousands of people took temporary shelter at refugee centers or police stations as a result , according to aid group Gift of the Givers . Similar violence happened late last week in Johannesburg , where immigrant-owned shops were looted or destroyed . The attacks came as residents accused immigrants of taking their jobs and committing crimes . The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25 % , according to government figures . The United Nations said the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers . What 's behind the xenophobic attacks in South Africa ? CNN 's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg . CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta .	South African troops help police conduct raids in Jeppestown Defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is back . After battling a knee injury which threatened to derail his glittering career , the Spaniard is back on track and back on top following a 6-2 3-6 6-4 6-1 win over world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the U.S. Open final . The second seed recovered from losing the second set and emerged victorious from an energy-sapping third to win his 13th grand slam and his 22nd consecutive hard-court match . The Mallorcan , who added the Flushing Meadows title to the French Open crown he clinched earlier this year , now trails only Pete Sampras  14  and his great rival Roger Federer  17  in the list of all-time major winners . He also now holds a significant lead over Djokovic in the race to end 2013 at the top of the world rankings . Not bad for a player whose ability to compete at the highest level was called into question in June after a straight-sets defeat to 135th-ranked Steve Darcis in the first round of Wimbledon . "  I never thought something like this could happen , I 'm so excited to be back on tour trying to be competitive , " Nadal told the U.S. Open 's official website after avenging his final defeat to Djokovic in the 2011 final . "  But I never thought about competing for what I have competed for this year , all the Masters 1000s , two grand slams ... so it is just more than a dream for me . "  I 'm very happy for everything . It 's true that I worked , but you need luck to be where I am today . " Blog : Can Serena become the greatest ever ? Six-time grand slam champion Djokovic has now tasted defeat in consecutive U.S. Open finals , his latest disappointment coming after his loss to Andy Murray in the 2012 title match . In fact , the Serb has been in four consecutive finals of the New York grand slam , his only victory coming against Nadal two years ago . "  All the credit to him , " said Djokovic after the 37th meeting between the two players . "  I had my momentum from midway through the second set to end of the third where I was supposed to use it and realize the opportunities that were presented to me . "  I did n't do it . I did n't deserve to win in the end . "  It 's obviously disappointing to lose a match like this , but again it was a huge privilege and honor to be fighting for this trophy . "	Rafael Nadal wins second U.S. Open title , 13th grand slam He won three of four sets , dropping only the second He has made triumphant return from knee injury
CNN  -- Brazilian authorities on Thursday ruled the death of former world boxing champion Arturo Gatti a suicide , according to local media reports . Arturo Gatti was found dead on July 11 in a rented condo in Brazil , where his family was vacationing . Gatti 's death initially had been investigated as a murder . The boxer 's widow , Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues , who had been arrested as a suspect , was released from jail Thursday , the newspaper O Diario de Pernambuco reported . Her lawyer , Celio Avelino , argued that it "  would have been impossible for her to suspend and hang a man of that size " . Gatti was found dead on July 11 in a rented condo in Brazil , where he was taking a vacation with Rodrigues and their young child . Police found strangulation marks on Gatti 's neck and a blood-stained purse strap at the scene . The public safety ministry of the northeastern Pernambuco state said investigators determined that Gatti hanged himself in a stairwell , the newspaper O Globo reported . Police official Paulo Alberes said Gatti used the purse strap to end his life , O Diario de Pernambuco reported . The 37-year-old Canadian , who was born in Italy and made his name as a fighter based in New Jersey , was staying in the northeast seaside resort of Porto de Galihnas . Gatti made his reputation in his renowned trilogy of fights against "  Irish " Micky Ward , losing the first but triumphing in the other two . He was a former International Boxing Federation  IBF  super-featherweight champion and World Boxing Council  WBC  light-welterweight champ . Gatti retired in 2007 after suffering a knockout defeat by Alfonso Gomez , ending with a record of 40 wins and nine losses , 31 by knockout . He grew up in Montreal , Canada , after leaving Italy at an early age , and returned to the city after his retirement . Gatti 's suicide came less than two weeks after another world champion boxer took his own life . On July 1 , three-time world boxing champion Alexis Arguello , who was the mayor of the Nicaraguan capital of Managua , was found dead in his home from a gunshot wound to the chest . He was 57 . A third boxer , former welterweight champion Vernon Forrest , died last week after being shot multiple times in a neighborhood southwest of downtown Atlanta , Georgia .	Gatti 's death initially investigated as a murder His wife , arrested as suspect , freed on Thursday , newspaper says Gatti was a junior lightweight champ and a junior welterweight champ
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An enormous Asian elephant stepped out from behind a big red curtain at the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus in Atlanta , Georgia . Eli Hummer , 3 , gets to try out an oversized motorbike at the circus . An audience of 20 pre-schoolers clapped and squealed as the elephant was handed a tiny harmonica and started playing . But , instead of sitting far away in the stands , the children , all visually impaired , were just a few feet away from the action . Among them was 3-year-old Eli Hummer . "  He does n't see , so to learn about it , he has to touch it and be close to it , " explained his mother , Martha Hummer . She said being able to use the sense of smell , touch and sound helps her son understand the concept of a circus . Every year as it tours the country , Ringling Brothers sponsors a "  Blind-Touch Tour " in about a dozen cities . During a stop in Atlanta , Georgia , children from the Center for the Visually Impaired got more than a front row seat . After the show , they were invited into the circus ring to interact with performers and try out some of their props . Watch more on the "  Blind-Touch " tour " Eight stations were set up where children could touch and try on circus costumes , play with giant umbrellas and butterfly wings and sit on an oversized motorcycle . Clowns roamed the ring juggling and trying to make the children laugh . One clown dressed in a polka dot shirt and checkered pants took Eli 's little hand and asked the boy if he wanted to touch the red clown nose . Watch some of the sights and sounds of the circus " Eli responded by trying to pull off the ball-like prop . His teacher , Joyce Burnett , who is also visually impaired , spent two weeks before the circus visit preparing the kids in the classroom for the unique experience . "  We had clown shoes , a nose and a wig and we tried all of those on , " Burnett said . She said the students also listened to elephant sounds and drew the outline of the animals with chalk . "  Eighty to 90 percent of early learning comes through vision , " Burnett said . "  Our children are not using vision or  have  very little vision , so all of the other senses will make their world real . " Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living Michelle Singleton , mother of 4-year-old Miya , said the experience is something the kids ca n't get anywhere else . "  The fact that she 's on the floor now , she is really excited . She wanted to see the elephants so she 's happy now , " Singleton said . Four-year-old Kristina Masta was fascinated with a trapeze swing that was hanging low to the ground . One of the performers helped the girl climb on while her mother , Michelle Masta , stood nearby . "  Because of her visual impairment anything that is highly tactile and brightly colored helps out a lot , " Masta said . Her daughter weighed 1 pound , 1 ounce at birth and suffers from retinopathy of prematurity , a disease in which the small blood vessels in the back of the eye grow abnormally . Masta said other people may not realize the limitations and challenges of having a visually impaired child . "  Everything is ten times harder , " she said . Masta smiled as her daughter handed her a rainbow-colored lollypop to unwrap . "  The kids feel special because they get to actually do something that the other kids do n't do , and it is a real treat , " Masta said .	Ringling Brothers ' "  Blind-Touch Tour " gives visually impaired kids circus experience Children get close-up performance , chance to try out costumes and equipment Parents say it helps the kids understand and enjoy the circus
CNET  -- Are you confused by the myriad changes Facebook keeps making to its privacy settings ? Are you angry about your data being exposed without your express consent ? Are you just fed up and not going to take it anymore ? You 're not alone . A recent poll from Sophos found that an estimated 60 percent of users are considering quitting Facebook over privacy issues . More than 11,000 people have committed to ditching the social-networking site on May 31 , according to QuitFacebookDay.com . And more people are searching Google for ways to delete their Facebook accounts than ever , according to the Search Engine Land blog . But leaving Facebook can be almost as confusing as navigating the privacy backwaters on the site . Here are some tips on deleting your account and answers to questions about what that means for your data , and more . What 's the difference between deleting and deactivating a Facebook account ? Deactivation means the profile information and content are hidden from view of others but are saved on Facebook servers in case you want to reactivate the profile . Messages you 've sent and Wall posts remain , but your name appears in black text that is not clickable since your profile is now hidden . Deleting an account removes it from the site permanently and you have to start from scratch if you decide later that you want to be on Facebook again . There is a 14-day delay before the data is completely deleted to give users time to change their mind . If you change your mind you can merely log into the account and the deletion request will be canceled . How do I deactivate my account ? Click the Account tab in the upper right-hand corner of your main page . The Settings tab should be highlighted and there is a Deactivate link at the very bottom of the list . When you click it , you will be asked if you are sure you want to deactivate your account and why you are doing so . You will also be shown photos of you with friends with accompanying messages that say "  Your friend here  will miss you . " There is also a box to check at the bottom to opt out of receiving e-mails from Facebook if friends tag you in photos or invite you to join the site . How do I delete my Facebook account ? It 's not as easy to find out how to delete your account . I clicked on the Account tab and then Help Center and typed in "  delete account " in the search window . Under the question prompt "  How do I permanently delete my account " there is a link to this page where you can click the Submit button or the Cancel button . What happens to my data after I delete my account ? According to this Facebook Help Center page all personally identifiable information associated with your account will be purged from Facebook 's database if you choose to permanently delete the account . "  This includes information like your name , e-mail address , mailing address , and IM screen name , " the site says . "  Copies of some material  photos , notes , etc.  may remain in our servers for technical reasons , but this material is disassociated from any personal identifiers and completely inaccessible to other users . Facebook also does not use content associated with accounts that have been deactivated or deleted . " I asked a Facebook spokesman why copies would need to be kept at all and for how long , exactly when all traces of the data are gone entirely , and whether any data remain on any servers of partners , and if so for how long ? Here is his reply : "  When a photo or video is deleted , or when a person deletes his or her account , we quickly delete all of the metadata for the photo as well as any and all tagging and linking information . For all practical purposes , the photo no longer exists , and we would n't be able find it if we were asked or even compelled to do so . This is similar to what happens when you delete information from the hard drive of your computer . Technically , the bits that make up the photo persist somewhere , but , again , the photo is impossible to find . It 's possible that someone who previously had access to a photo and saved the direct URL from our content delivery network partner  this is different from the Facebook URL  could still access the photo . However , again , the person would have to know the URL , and the photo only exists in the CDN 's  content delivery network 's  cache for a limited amount of time . " If I 'm not ready to leave Facebook what can I do ? You can shore up your privacy settings and hope that Facebook does n't make any new modifications that will undo what you 've specified . There are several tools that can automatically check your Facebook settings and set them to the most private option , including browser bookmark tool SaveFace and a Facebook privacy scanner available at ReclaimPrivacy.org . Or you can do it yourself in a number of steps . First , make sure the default setting for different types of information you have on your page -- particularly Posts by Me -- is not set to the default of "  everyone , " which means everyone on the Internet . Click the Account tab at the top right of your profile page and click Privacy Settings . From there you can set the information in Personal Information and Posts , as well as Contact Information , and Friends , Tags , and Connections to a range of options from "  everyone " to "  only me . " You also need to set privacy for each of your photo albums , under the Personal Information and Posts section . Under the Search option you can specify who can see your search result on Facebook and allow or disallow search engines to display a preview of your Facebook profile . The Applications and Websites section lets you control how much of your information friends and applications can see and share . There you can opt out of the Instant Personalization setting , which allows partner sites like Yelp and Pandora to provide a customized experience when you visit their sites based on your Facebook activities . To block ads from sharing your information you can click Account Settings from the top-right Account tab on your main page and click the Facebook Ads tab and switch it to the default "  only my friends " to "  no one . " The Huffington Post has a helpful video that walks through all of these steps . And if you want to just make a statement but not leave the site , you can join the Facebook Protest movement and avoid logging on June 6 . What other social-networking sites are there ? Wikipedia has a long list of potential alternatives , but none of them are as popular as Facebook , which boasts 400 million active users . A social network is only as useful as the number of friends or relevant contacts it has and it would be tough to get your friends to move en masse to another site . One upcoming promising option is Diaspora , which calls itself "  the privacy aware , personally controlled , do-it-all distributed open-source social network " and was started in response to the Facebook 's problems . The creators are raising money to finish the site and had reached the $ 100,000 mark on May 13 , but it 's unclear when it will be up and running . What does Facebook say about all of this ? Company executives realize there is a backlash and that they 've got a public relations problem on their hands . They held a companywide meeting last week to assuage the concerns of the rank and file . A Facebook spokesman said he could not provide an executive to discuss the privacy issues with CNET this week . However , Elliot Schrage , Facebook 's vice president of public policy , answered reader questions on The New York Times site last week . "  Clearly , we need to rethink the tempo of change and how we communicate it , " he said . "  Trust me . We 'll do better . " Asked why the company does n't put the control in the hands of its users with an opt-in policy , Schrage said : "  Everything is opt-in on Facebook . Participating in the service is a choice ... Please do n't share if you 're not comfortable . That said , we certainly will continue to work to improve the ease and access of controls to make more people more comfortable . " What does the government say ? So far , there have been no Congressional hearings or battle cries from Washington , D.C. , but there have been some complaints lodged . More than a dozen privacy and consumer groups complained to then Federal Trade Commission about Facebook late last year . And more recently , Sen. Charles Schumer of New York has asked the agency to question Facebook about its privacy practices . What 's all the fuss , anyway ? This interactive site entitled "  The Evolution of Privacy on Facebook " shows visually exactly how site changes to the privacy settings over time have encroached on users ' privacy , revealing more of their data to more and more people . Facebook is obviously making a business decision to expose more member content that can be monetized . Web surfers are used to dealing with the privacy versus profit trade-off , but what really irks them is that with each modification , users have to go back in and redo their settings or risk having photos , contact information , and other data exposed to the public that they want only friends to see . Ted Weinstein , a San Francisco-based literary agent , said he is annoyed that Facebook keeps changing the rules on privacy and he has removed almost everything from his profile bit by bit . But he 's reluctant to entirely cut ties with all of his contacts on the site . "  I do n't want to throw those  Facebook contact  linkages away lightly . So I have removed material I 'm not comfortable having everybody I 've ever connected with having access to , " he said in an interview . "  I do n't have confidence that Facebook wo n't make changes that make my prior settings irrelevant . "  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Poll says 60 percent of users are considering quitting Facebook over privacy issues Deactivation means profile info and content are hidden from view but are saved on servers Facebook execs recognize the backlash and that they 've got a PR problem
WEST PARK , Florida  CNN  -- "  We are an army , " says Andrea Ivory of the group gathered with her early on a Saturday morning . Breast cancer survivor Andrea Ivory is on a mission to educate Florida communities about the disease , one door at a time . Armed with clipboards , leaflets and high spirits , the energetic Ivory leads them into the neighborhood , where they start knocking on doors . The mood is lighthearted , but their mission is serious : to save lives , one house at a time . They 're volunteers from the Florida Breast Health Initiative , or FBHI , and they are waging war against breast cancer . It 's an effort started by Ivory , 50 , herself a survivor of the disease . Every weekend in the spring and fall , she and her volunteers -- who include college students , senior citizens and suburban moms , all wearing matching T-shirts -- fan out across low-income communities in southern Florida , educating women about breast health . They especially seek out uninsured women age 35 and older , who statistics show are twice as likely to be diagnosed with late-stage breast cancer , and thus more likely to die from the disease . For Ivory , comparing this work to a battle is n't overblown . "  The only thing that we have to fight this disease and lower the mortality rate is early detection , " she says . "  We are the troops on the front lines . " Since 2006 , Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms to eligible women . Ivory herself had always been diligent about getting annual mammograms , but when the breast cancer diagnosis came in 2004 , she took it in stride . "  I just knew that it was for a higher purpose , " she recalls . Ivory says that purpose became clear during her cancer treatment . Reflecting on how lucky she was to have health insurance and to have gotten annual mammograms , she realized that thousands of women without health care were likely falling through the cracks and putting themselves at risk . "  Those women do n't even have a fighting chance , " she says . "  The mission became reach -LSB- ing -RSB- those women . " Ivory started FBHI to do just that . Her mantra : "  Early detection is the best protection . " Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes The operation runs like clockwork . The first three Saturdays of each month are devoted to outreach -- distributing educational materials and signing up women for free mammograms . She and her volunteers have visited nearly 18,000 homes . "  I love knocking on doors , " Ivory says with a smile . "  I like to think of us as little pixies spreading breast cancer awareness . " On the last Saturday of each month , a large mobile mammography van from a partner hospital rolls into the neighborhood , bringing screening technology directly to women who need it . As they line up around the van , the excitement is palpable . Since many have never had a mammogram , Ivory and her team try to make the experience fun -- providing refreshments , smiles and support . One mammogram recipient said the "  convenience factor " of the free screenings made the offer too hard to refuse . "  Ultimately this is the reason we do the work that we do , " says Ivory , "  because we want to screen women who would not ordinarily have -LSB- the -RSB- opportunity . " Watch Ivory and her army in action " Telmilda Ariza , 62 , always had health insurance , but after losing her job , her annual mammogram became a financial burden . She smiles when recalling the volunteers ' first visit to her home . "  They knocked on my door and , wow ! It was -LSB- a -RSB- miracle , coming from the sky , " she says . "  It 's something I really needed . " Ariza was so grateful that she started volunteering and knocking on doors herself . Watch Ariza describe how she went from recipient to volunteer " Charlene Thomas , another of Ivory 's regular volunteers , considers herself living proof of the program 's impact . Uninsured , she 'd paid for her mammogram out of her own pocket , but when she needed a follow-up , she kept putting it off because it was so expensive . "  I had other priorities . It seems stupid now , " she admits . "  But I did n't think anything was wrong with me . " She finally asked Ivory for help and FBHI paid for the screening . It led Thomas to a cancer diagnosis and ultimately a mastectomy . "  The fact that I was diagnosed and am cancer free -- there 's no way I would 've done it without the Florida Breast Health Initiative , " says Thomas , who was back knocking on doors three weeks after surgery . "  Now I feel more of a sense of urgency . I 'm knocking on doors trying to find myself . " Stories like this only deepen Ivory 's commitment to her cause . For her , every day is a chance to educate women about fighting the disease and Ivory says she 's determined to expand her efforts around Florida and far beyond the boundaries of her state . Watch Ivory 's group bring mobile mammography to the neighborhoods " "  In the future , we want a fleet of mammogram vans . We 'd love to do outreaches all over the country , " she says . "  No woman needs to die from breast cancer . I ca n't be a doctor , but I know I can save a life . Every time I knock on the door , it 's a chance to do that . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Florida Breast Health Initiative and see how to help .	Breast cancer survivor founds group to educate women about the disease Andrea Ivory , 50 , and her volunteers have visited nearly 18,000 homes Since ' 06 , Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- There is a one-word subtext to President Obama 's trip to Africa : China . After 9/11 , the United States became embroiled in more than a decade of wars in Asia and the Middle East . As a result , U.S. engagement in Latin America and Africa largely atrophied . Meanwhile , China saw an opportunity . China has now displaced the United States as the largest trading partners of two key Latin American countries , Brazil and Chile . China 's economic rise is particularly marked in Africa ; it quietly surpassed the United States as the continent 's largest trading partner four years ago . Sino-African trade is now estimated to be $ 200 billion a year and is expected to rise to $ 325 billion in the next two years . While the conventional view has long been that Africa is largely a motley collection of economic basket cases , in fact , according to the most recent IMF figures , five out of 10 of the world 's fastest-growing economies are in Africa . Indeed , South Sudan , Libya and Sierre Leone are the globe 's top three economic hot spots with projected 2013 growth rates of 32 % , 20 % and 17 % respectively . As if to underline the importance that the Chinese see in Africa , within two weeks of assuming office in March 2013 , the new Chinese president Xi Jinping visited two of the three African countries Obama will be visiting on his African trip , Tanzania and South Africa . China is the largest trading partner for both of those nations . Read this : Obama ` plays catch up ' in Africa Seemingly as a result of its substantial investments and trade in Africa , China is well liked on the continent . A 2007 Pew Research Center survey found 92 % of respondents held favorable views of China in the Ivory Coast and Mali , and between 67 % and 81 % held favorable views in Kenya , Senegal , Ghana , Nigeria , Tanzania and Ethiopia . Pew noted that these favorable views of China come at the expense of the United States : "  China 's influence is almost universally viewed as having a more beneficial impact on African countries than does that of the United States . " In other words , the United States has considerable catch up to play in Africa . In 2012 then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton toured Africa and made what many assumed to be a not-so-thinly veiled swipe at China , which is heavily involved in African mineral and oil extraction : "  The days of having outsiders come and extract the wealth of Africa for themselves , leaving nothing or very little behind , should be over ... " Obama is likely to avoid any criticism of China but he has chosen to visit Senegal , Tanzania and South Africa , countries that are all relatively functional democracies , and he is likely to dwell on the issues of good governance and respect for human rights in his public remarks , which will serve to subtly remind Africans that these are issues that the United States puts more value on than does China . But the real message Obama will be signaling is that America is open for business with Africa . In Tanzania , the president will have a closed meeting with some two-dozen leading American and African CEOs . And , according to Jennifer Cooke , an expert on Africa at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , "  some 500 business leaders will join the president at various points in his trip to assess the opportunities for themselves . " Perhaps they may conclude , as the World Bank did last year , that "  Africa could be on the brink of an economic takeoff , much like China was 30 years ago , and India 20 years ago . " And if that happens , the United States , of course , would want to be part of this story .	President Obama is visiting Africa after years of little U.S. engagement with continent Peter Bergen : China took advantage of the opportunity to vastly expand trade He says Obama is seeking to counter China , show that U.S. is open for business Some African economies are growing very fast , and there are forecasts for more growth
CNN  -- If anyone wants to transform the old , lifeless , "  white-guys-in suits " caricature of the Republican Party , look no further : Your dream candidate has arrived . Gabriel Gomez is an antidote to the stuffy Republican establishment that only says "  No " and scares next-generation voters away . Sledding uphill in traditionally Democratic Massachusetts , the young and energetic Gomez is running to fill Secretary of State John Kerry 's vacated Senate seat , calling himself "  a new kind of Republican . " Surprisingly , in this bluest of states , he has drawn within single digits of his Democratic challenger . Even stranger , perhaps , is that GOP money and support has not matched the flood of Democratic money that is pouring in on behalf of his opponent . Gomez has made it a close race with only a modicum of GOP help . His opponent , the plodding Ed Markey , is tailor-made for an upset . A lifelong career politician , Markey is the poster boy for everything that 's wrong with Washington . The Boston Globe reports , "  The only jobs he would ever hold outside of politics were summer gigs as ` Eddie the Ice Cream Man ' selling Fudgsicles and Beatle Bars out of an ice cream truck and a stint as a substitute teacher . " Markey has spent 37 undistinguished years in Congress , unencumbered by accomplishment , warming the same seat since "  Saturday Night Fever " was a hit , John Travolta was thin and disco lived . During his tenure , Disco Ed has danced with the Washington establishment : He bounced 92 checks in the House banking scandal , took a million dollars in campaign contributions from special interests he regulates and voted himself regular pay raises while raising voters ' taxes . When asked whether he could recall opposing a tax increase favored by his party 's leadership , Markey told reporters he 'd have to get back to them . If Markey has made Washington work , it has only been for himself . Begala : Why Gabriel Gomez is just more of the same old , same old A weak candidate , Markey is being well advised that he should debate only when necessary and , preferably , after the election . In their most recent head-to-head , when Gomez challenged that Markey did n't understand the math of job creation , Markey responded , "  It 's really not math . It 's just arithmetic , " drawing laughs on Twitter and despair from his elementary school instructors . Foghorn Leghorn could have been describing Markey when he said , "  That boy is as sharp as a bowling ball . " Word inside the community of Washington political consultants is that Democrats are growing increasingly anxious , "  seeing ghosts of Scott Brown " and not liking their survey data . In his fundraising appeals , Markey himself is citing a Republican poll that calls the race a "  dead heat . " The PollTracker Average shows Markey with only a 6-point advantage . And a Suffolk University poll that had Markey leading by 17 points last month shrank that lead to just 7 points last week . At this point in the special election in 2010 , Scott Brown was behind 9 points yet came from behind to take the race . Markey has hit the panic button . On the House floor a few days ago , a Republican congressman overheard a desperate Markey running up to a group of House Democrats , saying he needs a lot more money to win , that he feels it is too close and could lose -- and he 's worried about a repeat of the 2010 election . Though President Obama remains popular in Massachusetts , anti-Washington emotion is cresting because of the IRS , Benghazi , news media snooping and NSA scandals , piled on top of America 's stagnant economy and Washington 's unstoppable indebtedness . There is a sense in Massachusetts , as everywhere , that "  Washington is out of control , like 2010 , " one of Gomez 's consultants told me , "  and we need to send an outsider to watch the insiders . " Markey , who spends most of the year at his home in the D.C. metro area , is on the wrong end of that anti-Washington sentiment . Changing Washington is Gomez 's campaign . A businessman who worked in private equity , as he explains , "  building the retirement savings of firefighters , public school teachers and policemen , " Gomez graduated from the Naval Academy in Annapolis with merit . He then gained an invitation to flight school and earned the wings of Navy pilot , flying early-warning E2-C Hawkeyes and C2-A Greyhounds off aircraft carriers . That was n't enough for Gabriel Gomez . He asked to transfer to the Navy SEALs . Though he knew that 80 % never complete the grueling training and was warned he would lose his Navy pilot status if he did n't make the cut , Gomez started again from scratch , committing himself to the elite Special Operations force . He succeeded with distinction , becoming a SEAL platoon commander . There was still room for accomplishment on Gomez 's r  sum  : After his service , he attended Harvard and earned an MBA . A son of Colombian immigrants , Gomez speaks fluent Spanish , as he proved in this week 's debate , responding to one question entirely in the language of his parents ' birthplace . A GOP that is struggling to reach out to a growing Hispanic audience could n't ask for a better candidate . GOP Chairman Reince Priebus proved again why he is exactly the right man to be leading his party at this moment of transformation : The Republican National Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee , to their credit , put on their big-boy pants and bet early and heavy on Gomez . Still , though Gomez is finally getting some help from GOP supporters , the most familiar independent pro-GOP groups have been sitting unexpectedly on the sidelines . As of June 12 , the Markey campaign and outside pro-Markey groups were outspending the pro-Gomez forces on TV the final two weeks , $ 5.1 million to $ 1.8 million . The old GOP establishment is playing it safe . Steven Law , who runs Karl Rove 's Crossroads super-PAC , has even told heavy-hitting GOP contributors to stand down because Gomez is "  too far behind to win . " The GOP needs Rove and Crossroads . In fact , the Republican Party is dependent on Rove : No one else on can raise the hundreds of millions he can to offset what pro-Democratic groups pour in against Republicans like Gomez . It would be foolish for any Republican to wish Crossroads anything but success . It 's understandable that Rove and Law now want to be cautious and appear as responsible stewards , after blowing $ 300 million of their contributors ' money in 2012 with nearly nothing to show for it , but they are paying a terrible price . No doubt the odds augur against any Republican in Massachusetts , as they did against Brown , but Gomez is a dream GOP candidate , running against one of the densest career politicians in D.C. , in an anti-Washington environment -- and he 's within single digits . It 's time for the GOP to stop paying lip service to Hispanic outreach . This is the moment for Republicans to grow a pair . If not , we may not only blow our chance for a next-generation Republican to pick up a Senate seat but also the party 's chance to turn things around and build momentum for the 2014 elections . Candidates like Gomez are the future . A GOP that wants a future should bet every chip on him . Gomez has adopted the SEAL ethic of "  team first " as his own . It would serve all Republicans well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : Gabriel Gomez is a dream candidate for the Republican Party In Democratic Massachusetts , Gomez is running a tight Senate race He says Gomez 's opponent , Ed Markey , represents what 's wrong with Washington Castellanos : A GOP that wants a future should bet every chip on Gomez
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain is prepared to send more troops to Afghanistan , the head of the British Army said in an interview published Friday . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Richard Dannatt , the chief of the general staff , did not say how many troops he would be prepared to deploy . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Dannatt told The Times newspaper that elements of the 12th Mechanized Brigade had been "  earmarked for Afghanistan . " He said there are no plans to send the whole brigade of 4,000 troops . "  If we 're asked for more and we say we can , it 's not going to be 4,000 -- it 's going to be something in between " that and the current troop level , Dannatt told the Times . The Ministry of Defense confirmed his remark . British defense sources told The Times that a rise of 1,700 to 2,000 was "  the uppermost ceiling . " U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce a new strategy for Afghanistan on Friday that includes sending another 4,000 troops to the country with hundreds of civilian specialists , senior administration officials told CNN . The troops -- which are in addition to the 17,000 that the president announced earlier would be sent to Afghanistan -- will be charged with training and building the Afghan Army and police force . The plans include doubling the Army 's ranks to 135,000 and the police force to 80,000 by 2011 , the officials said . Military officials told CNN earlier that the Afghan government had requested the additional troops .	Britain is ready to increase troop numbers in Afghanistan , army chief says Richard Dannatt told the Times up to 2,000 more could be sent Army waiting for formal request by U.S. government , he says
Every dog has its day , and scientists are trying to figure out when that first day happened . At some point in ancient history humans developed close relationships with four-legged creatures that would have otherwise been wild , fierce wolves . A new study in the journal Science argues that the domestication of dogs happened between 18,800 and 32,100 years ago in Europe . They say European hunter-gatherer cultures were responsible for turning lupine foes into best friends , long before humans developed agriculture . It 's a conclusion that barks up a controversial tree . The study goes against the idea wolves were domesticated when they wandered over to human agricultural settlements , lured by food . The study also contradicts previous research suggesting that dog domestication may have first happened in the Middle East or East Asia . "  There were many aspects in this study that we did n't expect , " said Olaf Thalmann , researcher at Finland 's University of Turku , who led the study . Chief among the surprises : the European origin of dog domestication . Digging up bones Seeking to sniff out when and where domesticated dogs emerged , scientists turned to genetics . Researchers extracted and sequenced mitochondrial DNA . Mitochondria are structures in cells that convert food energy into usable forms . When working with these ancient samples , scientists focused on mitochondrial DNA because it is more prevalent in cells than DNA within a cell 's nucleus . Scientists recovered DNA fragments from the genomes of 18 prehistoric dog and wolf-like carnivores and 20 modern wolves with origins in Eurasia and America . Researchers compared these mitochondrial genome sequences with those of 49 wolves , 77 modern dogs , 3 Chinese indigenous dogs and 4 coyotes . By highlighting similarities in DNA sequences among all of these specimens , researchers put together trees of close relationships called "  clades . " The more similar two creatures ' sequences are , the closer together they will be in the clade . Researchers organized the specimens in the study into four clades , with three of these groups having sister species represented by ancient fossils from Europe , and the fourth relating to modern wolves as well . It appears , based on these groupings , that the oldest domesticated dogs were in Europe . The carcasses that ancient hunters left behind may have attracted wolves , which could have led to a relationship between dogs and humans , study authors said . A group called Clade A includes examples of the modern dog breeds Basenji and Dingo , as well as some pre-Colombian New World dogs as old as 8,500 years . The ancient dogs of the Americas seem to have already been domesticated when they got there , having arrived with humans , Thalmann said . "  What we propose is actually the process that led to dog domestication in Europe also gave rise ...  to  dogs in the New World . " Clade A demographically shows a connection with humans . Between 5,000 and 2,500 years ago dog population declined , but then began to rise sharply starting about 2,500 years ago , said Thalmann . Human population size also went up at that time , indicating that dogs were dependent demographically on the human societies , he said . Meanwhile , wolves became more scarce , as agrarian cultures emerged and wolves lost their habitats and wild game . Surprisingly , researchers did not find a population of modern wolves that might have given rise to modern dogs . In fact , modern dogs have more genetically in common with ancient wolves than the ones we see today . "  It 's quite likely that the population of wolves that gave rise to modern dogs does not exist anymore , " Thalmann said . Dogs vs. wolves Another big surprise from the study is , based on mitochondrial DNA , the two most ancient samples of dog-like creatures included in this study did n't seem to be dogs at all . One of the oldest samples was previously described in a 2011 study in the journal PLOS One , led by Nikolai Ovodov , a co-author on the new Science study . Ovodov and colleagues described remains of a "  dog-like " creature from Razboinichya Cave in Siberia , about 33,000 years old , and found similarities between it and domesticated dogs from Greenland that lived about 1,000 years ago . But the new study 's genetic analysis suggests that this particular sample is an ancient sister lineage to modern dogs and wolves , not a direct ancestor . A 36,000-year-old dog-like carnivore found in Belgium does not seem to represent a direct ancestor either . "  We did not expect that these two particular dogs -- the putative earliest dogs -- that they 're not directly related to modern dogs , " That 's not something the study authors expected , Thalmann said . So what 's going on ? There are two theories about what happened to these creatures , Thalmann said . It 's possible that both of these fossils represent early attempts of humans to domesticate dog-like animals . These creatures did not appear to leave any descendents , so they may signify a failure of domestication . Alternatively , these creatures may not have been domesticated at all , but rather unusual wolves that died out before the last Ice Age . More recent specimens -- such as a 14,700-year-old fossil from the Oberkassel site in Bonn , Germany , and the 12,500-year-old fossil from Germany 's Karstein cave -- seem to be more directly related to modern dogs . Scientists previously had evidence based on their physical features , but the new mitochondrial genome analysis adds more support , Thalmann said . By 14,000 years ago , "  dogs had become a consistent component of human settlements and were subject to deliberate burial themselves and were included in human graves , " the PLOS One study said . On the scent of other theories This new study does n't present the whole story , however . It did not include ancient samples from the Middle East or China , which are alternative proposals for the origins of dog domestication . Thalmann anticipates that this will be a criticism of the study . Also , regarding wolves , the study included fewer wolf samples from the Middle East and East Asia than other areas , potentially skewing that part of the analysis as well . But , notes the study 's senior author Robert Wayne , a biologist at the University of California , Los Angeles , the oldest dog fossils from East Asia are no more than 8,000 years old , making them much younger than the European samples and dating from well after the domestication of dogs . The oldest Middle Eastern dog remains are between 10,000 and 12,000 years old , and so still more recent than the European fossils . Mitochondrial DNA from ancient canines from these areas would make for a more complete picture of canine evolution , but it was not available in this study . If a 20,000-year-old dog fossil were available from these areas , scientists would also need to find other fossils to arrange them in a tree of relationships , Thalmann said . If those were genetically more closely related to modern dogs than the European samples , that would argue for a different origin of domestication -- but such samples have not been recovered . This result seems unlikely , given the close associations found between modern dogs and ancient European wolves and dogs , Wayne said . Many questions remain about the first domesticated canines . They may be dog-gone , but science is making sure they 're not forgotten . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Study : Dogs were domesticated between 18,800 and 32,100 years ago European hunter-gatherer cultures domesticated dogs , researchers say This contradicts other previously held theories
Last night , a video emerged of the execution of American journalist Steven Sotloff , at the hands of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's ISIS , the extreme jihadist group that has illegitimately declared the establishment of a militant "  caliphate " in Syria and Iraq . This latest execution video follows that of a similar crime committed against another U.S. journalist , James Foley , a fortnight ago . Like the first "  Message to America , " this latest video ended with the executioner threatening to behead another captive non-combatant , this time a Briton . First and foremost , it is imperative that we do not allow the traction that these videos have gained in the West to eclipse ISIS 's other inhumane actions . In years gone by , ISIS -- which refers to itself as the Islamic State -- and its forebears have consistently and persistently committed the most atrocious of war crimes against communities in the Middle East . In the last month alone , it has been held responsible for attempting a genocide against the Yazidi minority sect , as well as the extermination of the Turkmen Shia Muslims of Amerli . These come on top of the wholesale massacre it committed against the Sunni peoples of the Shu'aytat tribe in East Syria in August , as well as countless other summary executions of people it deems to be its enemies . We must not be fooled into thinking that ISIS only beheads its Western captives ; last week , a Kurdish man - unarmed , of course - was executed in front of a mosque in Mosul in a video entitled "  A message written in blood . " But because it was directed at the president of Iraqi Kurdistan , this particular piece of propaganda did not receive widespread coverage in the international media . A cursory glance at ISIS propaganda suggests that the West is its primary target . While this may be the case in terms of the group 's long-term ambitions , events on the ground in Syria and Iraq paint a very different picture , with ISIS predominantly killing those it deems to be "  apostate " , including its co-religionists . In light of events in Syria and Iraq , the international community must react robustly and swiftly . This week 's NATO summit is fortuitously timed , and one would hope that the ISIS crisis takes its place at the top of the meeting 's agenda . However , as I 've said before , a strategy of solely Western intervention would play right into the ISIS ideology . Indeed , it would be exactly what the group wants . As such , it is paramount that other states -- particularly those within the region -- step up to the plate as well . Countries such as Turkey and Saudi Arabia must actively respond instead of leaving it to others . It is not just the international community that has a responsibility , though : the media must act as well . It is paramount that it carefully considers its treatment of ISIS propaganda , with its twin aims of intimidation and recruitment . Every time a still or clip from an ISIS video is shown , the group gets what it wants : the oxygen of publicity . Of course , it is necessary that people the world over are aware of the atrocities occurring at the hands of ISIS , but journalists must be careful not to do the jihadists ' job for them . This also involves establishing a firm no-platform policy for al-Baghadi 's stooges in the West . These insidious individuals thrive on media attention , which they use to amplify their otherwise ostracized voices . As Quilliam 's last report , which looked at extremist content online , showed , it is an unfortunate truth that online censorship does not work . Any attempts at censorship in the aftermath of the Foley killing were always doomed to failure . Simply put , corporations and governments are unable to remove propaganda from the internet at the rate that it is uploaded . More effective than government-led censorship was the "  ISIS media blackout , " in which users across the internet resolutely refused to publicize ISIS material . After all , videos like these have minimal propaganda value if they have no audience . At the same time , instead of publicizing what ISIS wants , we must popularize what it does n't . The anti-ISIS fatwa recently released by prominent Sunni British imams would be a good place to start , because it dismantles any sense of legitimacy for the self-proclaimed "  caliphate " and directly calls for Muslim communities to take an active stance in opposing this appalling group . More initiatives like this must emerge . That they have not materialized already is testament an untenable situation in which the vast majority of Muslims , who are invariably moderate , are largely silent , something which leaves extremists to dominate the discourse on Islam . The time has passed when we can allow ISIS to popularize itself unchallenged . Challenging ISIS propaganda must be at the forefront of international policy towards Syria and Iraq . And it is not just something for governments to deal with . People all over the world , Muslim and non-Muslim alike , are responsible too .	West outraged at beheading of second U.S. hostage by ISIS militants Cooper : gruesome videos must not "  eclipse ISIS 's other inhumane actions " Every time an ISIS video is shown , the group gets what it wants : publicity "  The time has passed when we can allow ISIS to popularize itself unchallenged "
CNN  -- Parts of northeast Australia braced for more flooding Thursday , a day after the nation 's prime minister promised aid to flood-ravaged towns , and half of the state of Queensland was declared a disaster zone . Emerald , an inland city of 15,000 residents , had essentially been isolated by flood waters and was accessible only by helicopter . "  Things have changed drastically overnight , " said Megan Lewis , a radio reporter with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , in an interview from the city on Thursday . "  Yesterday the town was expecting things to not be so bad . " Waters have reached 15.4 meters  51 feet  there and are expected to rise another meter on Friday , she said . Lewis did not specify exactly where in the town that level was reached . Some Emerald residents have been making their way to evacuation centers around the city , while others are stockpiling food and supplies . On Wednesday , the Australian government provided two Blackhawk helicopters to help evacuate all 300 residents from the town of Theodore , one of the worst affected by the floods . Queensland Emergency Services Minister Neil Roberts said Theodore was one of about 20 communities that had to be evacuated because of the floods . "  Most of our major river systems have been in flood over the last week , " Roberts told CNN . Besides Emerald , the other major population center threatened by flooding is Rockhampton , a city of 50,000 on the coast , he said . Forecasters have said the weather would clear over the next 48 hours , Roberts said , but the heavy rain the area has had so far means water has built up in river catchment areas . "  It does take a day to three days , in some instances , for that water to come down in some of the cities that are under threat , so we 're over the worst of the rain , but some of the worst flooding is still yet to come , " he said . The Bureau of Meteorology said flood warnings remained in place for many areas of Australia , with major and moderate flooding still occurring throughout much of Queensland 's southern half . Thirty-one of Queensland 's 73 communities are now receiving government disaster assistance , Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's office announced . Acting Attorney General Brendan O'Connor said the government would continue to monitor the situation in disaster-declared areas across Australia and work with state authorities to provide more assistance .	NEW : City of Emerald is isolated , accessible only by helicopter Half of Queensland has been declared a disaster zone Helicopters help evacuate an entire town of 300 people
CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan will become the country 's first directly-elected president by a wide margin of votes , according the semi-official Anadolu News Agency . Erdogan stopped short of declaring victory when he spoke Sunday night . "  We will continue to work for our nation , we will continue to serve our homeland , " Erdogan told a crowd in Istanbul . "  We will continue our fight for advanced democracy and sovereignty of democracy standards . " With nearly 98 % of the votes counted , Erdogan avoided a runoff by winning more than 52 % of the votes , according to CNN Turk and Anadolu News Agency . Diplomat Ekmeleddin Mehm Ihsanoglu came in second with 38 % of the votes. Kurdish politician Selahattin Demirtas was a distant third with 9 % . CNN 's Hande Atay and Chandrika Narayan contributed to this report .	Erdogan avoided a runoff by winning more than 52 % of the votes Erdogan stopped short of declaring victory when he spoke Sunday night "  We will continue to work for our nation , " Erdogan told a crowd in Istanbul
If a reservation feels like the best thing you could make for Thanksgiving dinner this year , you 're not alone . According to the National Restaurant Association  NRA  , 15 million Americans opt to dine out for the biggest meal of the year . That 's not including the additional 4 million takeout customers on Thanksgiving or all the happy soloists giving thanks at places like Taco Bell , Burger King or KFC . The top stated reason ? Convenience and the chance to enjoy family freed from yellow Playtex handcuffs -- not to mention complex mathematical formulas dictating appropriate turkey cooking time . But the pleasures of good eating  cooked and served by attentive strangers  are right up there too . We scoured up high and down low for some of the tastiest looking out-of-home Thanksgiving Day prix fixe feasts across the United States . These seven will get you started . Georgia Brown 's  Washington , D.C. Could Washington , D.C. , the civic embodiment of America 's differences as a nation , possibly provide an amiable setting for a holiday reputed for its dinner-table discord ? Well , a reassuring cast of Washingtonians will be joining hands and giving thanks together at this Low Country cuisine institution that 's hosted one of the heartiest Thanksgiving feasts for the last 20 years just two blocks away from the White House . Starters include she crab soup , fried green tomatoes or catfish fingers . Then you can choose from one of five entrees -- including turkey  roasted or fried  , crab-stuffed flounder , prime rib , country ham or black-eyed pea cakes for vegetarians . Soul food sides and cobbler for dessert mean you 'll barely be able to waddle out to the car . Georgia Brown 's , 950 15th St. , NW Washington ; +1 2023934499 ; $ 45  $ 20 children 10 and under 75 Chestnut  Boston Deep in New England blueblood country , this converted redbrick-townhouse-turned-cozy-local-bistro-where-everyone-knows-your-name does n't shy away from serving old school American comfort food faves like quahog chowder to its regular Beacon Hill clientele on the fourth Thursday of the month -- or doing something equally creative with a goose . This year 's Thanksgiving meal  between 11:30 a.m. and 6:30 p.m.  leans a little more standard , kicking off with harvest pumpkin bisque and reaching a crescendo with roasted turkey and walnut stuffing , giblet gravy and pilgrim cranberry-orange sauce , before concluding with rum raisin pudding with fresh berries and chocolate sauce . Or just go with the pumpkin pie . Either way , see you next week for Wine Wednesday . 75 Chestnut , 75 Chestnut St. , Beacon Hill , Boston ; +1 6172272175 ; $ 55  half price , half portions for children 6 to 12 , free for children 5 and under Akasha  Los Angeles Two words : pie buffet . First , it 's OK to feel good about gluttony at this hip Culver City restaurant renaissance leader that specializes in New American comfort food with all the organic , sustainable , locally sourced fixins that 'll make you want to stuff your face in Birkenstocks . Akasha 's creative and relatively guilt-free Thanksgiving feast  not to worry , they offer a mac and cheese side dish  features starters like heirloom squash and leek bisque with spiced pumpkin seeds and a fuyu persimmon and pomegranate salad with Humboldt fog goat cheese and hazelnuts . Herb-roasted turkey comes from a local farm and is accompanied by chestnut and sage stuffing , Yukon gold mashed potatoes and cranberry-lemon chutney . If that 's too irresponsible , you can stick with the herb-roasted king oyster and hen of the woods mushrooms with baby pumpkins and chestnut-and-herb stuffing before closing with a vegan dark chocolate tart . Akasha , 9543 Culver Blvd. , Culver City , California ; +1 3108451700 ; 1-7 p.m. ; $ 65  $ 35 children 12 and under The Skillet  Mountain View , Arkansas The most inviting-looking public Thanksgiving event in the heart of Arkansas Mountain Country  because we know you were wondering  will be in full force again this year at Ozark Folk Center State Park -- a living history facility dedicated to preserving the rich natural and cultural heritage of the Ozarks and the scenic town of Mountain View , aka "  The Folk Music Capital of the World . " The huge Thanksgiving buffet  11 a.m.-3 p.m.  at the park 's restaurant , The Skillet , is a no-nonsense , priced-right assortment of artery-shocking staples -- fried chicken , beef tips , ham steak with grilled pineapple , candied yams and buttered carrots . If you 're not full , you can come back at 7 p.m. for the Gospel Concert , featuring an equally hearty lineup of local musical guests . The Skillet , 1032 Park Ave. , Mountain View , Arkansas ; +1 8002643655 ; $ 15.95  $ 8.95 kids 9 and under Mohegan Manor  Baldwinsville , New York Want to preserve the tradition of carving the turkey while abandoning every other Thanksgiving Day responsibility ? At Mohegan Manor you can prix fixe an entire five-foot round table with up to seven loved ones and your own dedicated 15 - to 16-pound tableside turkey . Stuffing , squash , cranberry sauce , mashed potatoes and gravy and green bean amandine play backup , while apple and pumpkin pies close out the festivities . Perhaps best is that anything you do n't eat goes home with you , preserving yet another Thanksgiving tradition : Leftovers Month . Mohegan Manor , 58 Oswego St. , Baldwinsville , New York ; +1 3158570079 ; noon-2 p.m. ; $ 199 for up to 8 people Primehouse  Chicago Renown for its hand-selected , dry aged steak -- the turkey of the Plains -- David Burke 's culinary canvas also offers the steak of the forest : turkey ! Specifically , roasted turkey breast and leg confit with giblet gravy , as well as a cider-brined pork chop , pan-seared salmon or the filets and ribeyes that are the restaurant 's mtier . Primehouse 's four-course Thanksgiving menu also features pumpkin bisque with crab and crostini , peppered Wagyu carpaccio and family-style side dishes like herb stuffing , mac and cheese and whipped potatoes , on which it has been scientifically proven humans can not get full . Polish off the whole thing with pumpkin cheesecake , maple creme brulee or glazed chocolate cake and you 'll earn yourself a take-home turkey sandwich for later , which is included . Primehouse , 616 N. Rush St. , Magnificent Mile , Chicago ; +1 3126606000 ; $ 60  $ 20 children 12 and under , free for children 5 and under Wrigley Mansion  Phoenix The former winter residence of chewing-gum goliath William Wrigley is now an event space , ghost house and Thanksgiving Day staple , with 360-degree mountainside vistas over greater Phoenix . Thanksgiving service is served buffet-style , offering breakfast items as well as traditional Thanksgiving fare across three seatings , at 10:30 a.m. , 1 p.m. and 3:30 p.m. Brunch/dinner features turkey , prime rib and leg of lamb , but also omelets , salads and a cold seafood assortment of oysters , mussels and other shell dwellers . Mimosas are bottomless and the assortment of sweets is as vast as the Sonoran desert . Sonoran desserts , if you will . Wrigley Mansion , 2501 E. Telawa Trail , Camelback East , Phoenix ; $ 75  $ 37.50 for kids 6 to 12 , free for children 5 and under	About 15 million Americans eat out for the biggest meal of the year Convenience and the chance to enjoy family freed from cooking obligations are reasons most cited In Chicago , Primehouse 's four-course Thanksgiving menu includes pumpkin bisque with crab and crostini There 's a pie buffet at Akasha in Los Angeles
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Locksmiths have realistic personalities . They are results-driven , hands-on people who like problems and solutions . Everyone knows how hard it is to get along with others when there 's a personality clash -- so imagine how hard it is to be happy in career that does the same thing . Similar to when you 're looking for a mate , you want to find a career that complements your character , not conflicts with it . For example , if you 're active and outgoing , you might not do well sitting behind a desk all day . On the same token , if you 're shy and soft-spoken , you might not do well in a job that requires a lot of social interaction , and if you like working alone , you would n't thrive in a team setting . Here we have six personality groups which seem to encompass the majority of people . From there , we 've listed what jobs might be suited to best fit your needs . Please note that each requires different education , training and qualification requirements . Personality : Artistic What you 're like : Artistic personalities are creative by nature , with imaginations that stretch further than others can conceive . These people like to express themselves through their work versus completing structured tasks . They like to work without rules , and enjoy working with forms , designs , colors , words and patterns . Job matches : Editor ... $ 47,811 * Graphic designer ... $ 48,891 High school drama teacher ... $ 52,856 Landscape architect ... $ 53,241 Perfumer ... $ 21,791 Producer ... $ 79,310 Personality : Conventional What you 're like : Conventional people like conventional things : Rules , procedures , schedules and instructions are all things that appeal to them . They prefer working with details and data versus ideas ; they are practical and like routine and order . Job matches : Accountant ... $ 46,171 Actuary ... $ 97,354 Building inspector ... $ 47,735 Cost estimator ... $ 53,413 Financial planner ... $ 63,837 Technical writer ... $ 55,747 Personality : Enterprising What you 're like : Enterprise people are leaders . They like to see projects through from start to finish , business ventures in particular . They are doers more than thinkers and are more interested in the "  big picture " than the small pieces that make it up . Job matches : Advertising sales agent ... $ 39,103 Financial officer ... $ 77,019 Management analyst ... $ 63,610 Program director ... $ 48,382 Sales representative ... $ 44,784 Sales manager ... $ 85,091 Personality : Investigative What you 're like : Investigative people prefer to work alone . They like using logic over imagination , solving problems and mysteries , putting together pieces of a puzzle , precision , science and they pay extreme attention to detail . Job matches : Computer systems analyst ... $ 61,549 Librarian ... $ 48,025 Optometrist ... $ 95,058 Science professor ... $ 73,532 Software engineer ... $ 75,850 Statistician ... $ 59,830 Personality : Realistic What you 're like : True to their name , realists are ... well , realistic . They are results-driven , hands-on people who like problems and solutions . They like working outdoors , as well as with machines , tools and jewelry . Job matches : Diagnostic medical sonographer ... $ 56,603 Electricians ... $ 35,158 Highway patrol pilots ... $ 69,098 Locksmiths ... $ 34,148 Nuclear engineer ... $ 84,044 Orthodontist ... $ 271,373 Personality : Social What you 're like : Social people like helping others and working with teams . They communicate well , thrive on human interaction and they 'd rather talk than work with machines or data . The best jobs for them are ones that let them be with other people . Job matches : Family practitioner ... $ 160,264 Personal coach ... $ 64,523 Personal trainer ... $ 24,881 School psychologist ... $ 49,622 Student affairs director ... $ 71,093 Teacher ... $ 44,137 * Salaries according to CBSalary.com Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Find a career that complements your character , not conflicts with it Artistic personalities are creative by nature with imaginations that stretch Social people like helping others and working with teams Enterprise people are leaders that like to see projects through to the finish
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration and many of its national security critics agree that it 's time to revisit the war authorization that Congress approved a week after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . But when to end it and how to replace it is another matter . The House defeated an amendment by Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , that would have "  sunsetted " the so-called "  never-ending war " a year from now . Attention now turns to the Senate and whether a proposal will emerge there . The law authorized a military response to the terrorist attacks by striking back against al Qaeda and associated forces , including their Taliban allies , who at the time ruled Afghanistan . Its scope is broad enough that it has been used by successive administrations to carry out military attacks as far afield as Africa and Yemen . When to end it is a prickly enough issue that the White House has done little to move ahead with President Barack Obama 's promise , as described in a 2013 speech at the National Defense University , to work with Congress to "  refine and ultimately repeal " the Authorization for Use of Military Force , or AUMF . As in other national security policy fights -- that of drones , for instance -- the rise of tea party-affiliated libertarians and Obama 's sagging popularity have scrambled some of the traditional alliances on the war authorization . Liberals and right-leaning libertarians who criticize the war authorization as too much of a blank check to the President are uniting to support a repeal of it as a way to assert congressional authority . Some conservatives -- who not long ago supported extending the current AUMF -- now suggest replacing it with a law that specifies the groups the U.S. is fighting . "  I think we have abdicated our responsibility to define the nature of the conflict we 're in , " Schiff said in an interview . His amendment appeared to have gained steam , in part because the White House has struggled to make clear what it thinks should happen . At a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing Wednesday , senior lawyers from the Defense and State departments said repealing the law would do no harm to national security or affect military operations , because the President 's executive powers allow a military response to any threats to the nation . And yet , they would n't say whether the administration supported ending the war now . "  We 're not here to say it should be repealed today , " said Mary Mcleod , deputy legal adviser at the State Department . The issue matters because U.S. forces are exiting a war in Afghanistan that lasted more than twice as long as World War II . Some legal experts believe that development adds some pressure to replace the existing AUMF , in part , because the main al Qaeda forces that attacked the U.S. have been decimated , even as new offshoots have metastasized the terrorist threat to parts of Africa , Syria and the Arabian Peninsula . Michael Mukasey , attorney general under President George W. Bush , said at the Wednesday hearing that he supports the idea of Congress revisiting the authorization to clarify its intent . Harold Koh , the State Department 's top lawyer under Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , said the law should be narrowed and eventually repealed . Administration officials say part of the complication lies in ongoing negotiations with Afghanistan over whether the United States will retain forces in that country after this year , a deal that ca n't be reached until after Afghanistan elects a new president in June . "  As we work with the government of Afghanistan to identify an appropriate U.S. military presence in Afghanistan after 2014 ; as we continue to make progress towards the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay ; and as we continue to work with our friends and partners around the world to provide assistance and training to counter al Qaeda and its associated forces , we will engage further with Congress and the American people on efforts to ensure that the legal authorities for our counterterrorism and detention operations are appropriately tailored , " said Caitlin Hayden , spokeswoman for the National Security Council . "  In keeping with our ongoing efforts to realign our forces and capabilities after the drawdown in Afghanistan , we look forward to engaging the Congress on the President 's goal of refining and ultimately repealing the AUMF , " she added . Only three years ago , Congress was being pressured to expand the authorization . In 2011 , Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , tried to pass a new AUMF to reaffirm the war against al Qaeda and to try to restrict the President 's hand on issues such as the plan to close the Guantanamo prison . McKeon 's push to give the existing war authorization more life has partly influenced the Obama administration 's effort on the issue . Two administration officials told CNN that part of the reason for the White House 's hesitation is the fear that some congressional hawks would use the opportunity to expand the so-called War on Terror . Or that the administration could end up without any authorization at all . In his State of the Union speeches this year and last , Obama said he aimed to pull the United States back from its "  permanent war footing . " Some congressional critics say Obama 's policies appear to prematurely declare victory over al Qaeda 's core leadership , and ignore the growing threat from affiliates such as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and groups fighting in Syria , Iraq and Libya . With partisan bickering sowing gridlock in Congress , passing any law on the war authorization is a tall order . Congress is also debating surveillance law changes in the wake of the leaks about the U.S. government 's spying activities by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Schiff scoffs at the notion it 's too hard to tackle . "  We drafted the AUMF in days after 9/11 ; we should be able to do this in a year , " he said . After all , "  one of the most important things that Congress does is to declare war and define the focus of that war . "	The Authorization for Use of Military Force was approved in 2001 It allows the U.S. to go after al Qaeda and its associates Some say AUMF should be repealed or refined NEW : House defeats proposal to end war authorization
Police militarization -- the issue that briefly united conservatives and liberals over Ferguson -- has turned out to be a dud . A White House review suggests largely leaving intact federal programs that provide surplus military equipment to local police departments . President Barack Obama ordered the review after widely criticized heavy-handed police response to August protests following the shooting of Michael Brown . A report released by the White House on Monday suggested making improvements to the programs , to standardize training and better track equipment . But the White House response falls short of wholesale changes that some suggested should be made after police deployed military-style vehicles on the streets of Ferguson , Missouri , after the Brown shooting . Efforts in Congress to rein in the programs have also fizzled . The White House report concluded : "  These programs , in the main , have been valuable and have provided state and local law enforcement with needed assistance as they carry out their critical missions in helping to keep the American people safe . " Between 2009 and 2014 , the federal government has provided nearly $ 18 billion in funds and resources to support programs that provide equipment and tactical resources to state and local law enforcement . The vast majority of that money goes to back office equipment , with only 4 percent of property going to heavier , more controlled equipment . Police tactical units in recent years have taken to wearing camouflage and some agencies have received heavy-duty battlefield vehicles known as MRAPs , an acronym for Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles . What many saw as militarization , some law enforcement officials say , was what has come to be standard gear used by SWAT teams , which are n't routinely deployed on civilian streets . Some law enforcement officials say that instead of focusing on equipment , more attention should be paid to police training . Justice Department officials have pushed for improved training for St. Louis-area police agencies , moving away from "  warrior " tendencies and toward being "  guardians " for communities that police serve . The White House report released Monday suggested standardizing training for police to respect civil rights and liberties . The president plans to issue an executive order to tighten some of the controls over the programs to better track equipment provided to law enforcement agencies . The White House also plans to boost funding to pay for 50,000 body cameras for police officers .	White House review largely leaves intact federal programs that provide police with surplus military equipment The response falls short of what some had called for in the wake of the Michael Brown shooting More training will help ease concerns about police militarization , White House review says
CNN  -- The man who helped bring David Beckham , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Thiago Silva to Paris Saint-Germain as part of its empire building is leaving the Qatari-owned French club . A key figure in the club 's revival thanks to his extensive network of contacts , Leonardo handed in his resignation as sporting director , signaling the second major departure from PSG in two weeks after coach Carlo Ancelotti -- Leonardo 's friend -- left for Real Madrid . "  Leonardo has informed Paris Saint-Germain of his desire to resign from his position as Sport Director at the end of the current transfer window , " PSG said in a statement Wednesday . "  We regret this choice but respect his decision . "  We thank him greatly for his important contributions towards the project of building a top European club in Paris and wish him all the best for his future career choice . " Earlier this month Leonardo 's suspension for shoving a referee following PSG 's 1-1 draw with Valenciennes in May was extended from nine to 13 months , although the ban would n't have affected most of his duties as sporting director . When Leonardo was hired by PSG in July 2011 , he said he was n't overawed as he sought to turn the team -- backed by the wealthy owners -- into a global powerhouse . He called the challenge a "  buzz . " With Ancelotti at the helm and the likes of Ibrahimovic , Silva and the now retired Beckham -- for a short while -- on the pitch , PSG last season claimed the league title for the first time since 1994 . The influx of cash did n't hurt . The owners invested an estimated more than $ 195 million in the club , turning it into the highest-spending side in Europe . In Europe the campaign was also a success , as inexperienced PSG reached the quarterfinals and was only knocked out on away goals by Barcelona thanks to Lionel Messi 's late cameo . Almost one million people tried to obtain tickets for the first leg that was played in PSG 's 45,000 capacity Parc des Princes stadium . Before the Brazilian leaves , PSG could tie up a deal for sought after Napoli striker Edinson Cavani , a boost for Ancelotti 's managerial replacement Laurent Blanc . The transfer window in France closes on August 31 , with PSG kicking off the defense of its Ligue 1 title at Montpellier on August 9 . But it was n't all smooth sailing for Leonardo . Besides his suspension , he clashed with Ibrahimovic in the dressing room after PSG won the title and has drawn criticism for some of PSG 's signings , including Javier Pastore . The Argentinean 's transfer fee was a hefty $ 54 million . Leonardo collapsed and had to go to hospital shortly after his altercation with Ibrahimovic , sparking reports he was stressed . Leonardo , like Blanc a World Cup winner , earned more than 50 caps for Brazil and was a fan favorite during his four years at A.C. Milan , the club most commonly associated with Ancelotti . He turned to management when his playing days were over , spending a season at both A.C. Milan and its city rival Inter .	Leonardo to resign as sporting director of Paris Saint-Germain after two years with club Leonardo 's ban for shoving a referee was this month extended to 13 months It 's the second major departure in the off-season following Carlo Ancelotti 's move to Real Madrid
CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and John McCain are pushing for a gas-tax holiday , but Sen. Barack Obama says the plan is a quick fix that would do more harm than good . Sen. Hillary Clinton campaigns this week in Wilmington , North Carolina . Gov. Mike Easley has endorsed her . McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , was the first to propose a temporary suspension of the federal gas tax . His plan would lift the 18.4 cents per gallon tax during peak summer travel months . It also would suspend the 24.4 cent diesel tax . Clinton , who rejected a similar idea in 2000 , said her plan is different from McCain 's . She said the Republican 's proposal would cost the government up to $ 10 billion -- money that is used to improve roads . The senator from New York said she 'd make up for the lost revenue with a "  windfall profits tax " on oil companies , meaning their profits over a certain amount would be subject to a 50 percent tax . Her plan also would close $ 7.5 billion in oil and gas loopholes as well as monitor prices for manipulation . Watch how candidates plan to deal with soaring gas prices " Obama does not support a suspension of the gas tax , which he described as a political scheme that would save the average driver $ 25 to $ 28 . "  It 's typical of how Washington works -- let 's find some short-term , quick fix , even though we 're not really doing anything , " he said . Watch an analysis of how the candidates ' plans differ " Instead , Obama would use a windfall profits tax on oil companies to help low-income families pay their energy bills . He also insists he would put forth more effort than others to limit oil companies ' influence in Washington . Analysts and Obama said the proposal to suspend the tax temporarily would do little to stimulate the economy or lower gas prices and could leave roads in disrepair . "  It 's a quick fix for people who believe cheap gas is their birthright , " said Tom Kloza , chief oil analyst at the research firm Oil Price Information Service . "  It 's not a prudent thing to do . " Kloza said the amount of money motorists would save would do little to stimulate economic growth . The revenue from the gas tax is much needed for road repairs , he added . "  Look , somewhere down the road you have to use less , " Kloza said . "  As painful as it might be , higher prices do sway behavior toward a more energy disciplined America . " Obama is using the issue to liken Clinton to McCain , while she is trying to paint Obama as out of touch with working-class voters -- a group that will play a big role in the upcoming Indiana primary . Indiana and North Carolina both hold their primaries next Tuesday . Obama leads Clinton in the overall delegate count , 1,725 to 1,588 . Clinton has a slight edge in superdelegates , leading Obama 256 to 234 . Since neither candidate can capture the 2,025 delegates needed to secure the nomination with wins in the remaining contests , the party 's superdelegates probably will decide who gets the Democratic nod . Superdelegates are party leaders and officials who vote at the August convention for the candidate of their choice . North Carolina Gov. Mike Easley , a superdelegate , endorsed Clinton on Tuesday . Recent polling suggests Obama holds a double-digit lead over the former first lady in that state , though no surveys have been released since Clinton 's win in Pennsylvania last week . After attending a rally with Easley in Raleigh , Clinton is scheduled to head to Indiana for events in Indianapolis , Hobart and Princeton . Obama also is in North Carolina , where he has town hall-style meetings scheduled Tuesday in Winston-Salem and Hickory . McCain continues his weeklong health care tour , with a speech Tuesday in Tampa , Florida . McCain opposes federally mandated universal coverage . Clinton wants mandated health insurance coverage for all Americans , while Obama backs a plan that would mandate coverage for children but not adults . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Jessica Yellin and CNNMoney.com 's Steve Hargreaves contributed to this report .	Sens. Hillary Clinton and John McCain back federal gas-tax holiday Sen. Barack Obama says plan would do more harm than good North Carolina Gov. Mike Easley endorses Clinton McCain in Florida as part of weeklong health care tour
A half-dozen men considered prisoners in the U.S. war on terror until yesterday now have a new designation -- refugees -- and a new temporary home : Uruguay . A U.S. medical aircraft carrying the six former Guantanamo Bay detainees landed at a military base in the Uruguayan capital , Montevideo , in the middle of the night , CNN affiliate Canal 10 Uruguay reported on Sunday . Within a few hours , a caravan of 15 to 20 vehicles , including ambulances , drove the newly freed men to hospitals . The U.S. Defense Department confirmed the transfer Sunday and said it coordinated with the government of Uruguay to make sure the transfers took place with adequate security and with humane treatment . "  The United States is grateful to the government of Uruguay for its willingness to support ongoing U.S. efforts to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , " the department said . GOP congressman : We ` ought to rethink ' Gitmo transfer policy "  We have offered our hospitality for humans suffering a heinous kidnapping in Guantanamo , " Uruguayan President Jose Mujica wrote on his presidential website on Friday . "  The unavoidable reason is humanitarian . " Four of the former detainees -- Ahmed Adnan Ahjam , Ali Hussain Shaabaan , Omar Mahmoud Faraj , and Jihad Diyab -- are Syrian nationals , while Abdul Bin Mohammed Abis Ourgy is Tunisian , and Mohammed Tahanmatan is Palestinian , Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said Sunday . Canal 10 reported that the United Nations refugee agency will be responsible for returning the released prisoners to their homes . Their transfers to Uruguay were unanimously approved by the United States ' Guantanamo Review Task Force , which represents six departments and agencies . The review was prompted by an executive order issued by President Barack Obama shortly after his inauguration in January 2009 . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel informed Congress of the intent to transfer the six men , the Defense Department said . Saturday 's transfers leave only 136 detainees at Guantanamo Bay , out of more than 750 . That 's the lowest number of inmates at the base in Cuba since detainees started arriving in 2002 . What happens when detainees leave Guantanamo Bay ? At least seven detainees have died in custody over the years . In Mujica 's open letter , he also called for the United States to lift its embargo on Cuba and release some Cubans and Puerto Ricans he called political prisoners .	Prisoners are transferred in the middle of the night , then taken to hospitals Uruguay 's president calls it "  hospitality for humans suffering a heinous kidnapping " The U.S. expresses gratitude to Uruguay for supporting efforts to close Guantanamo Bay 136 detainees remain at Guantanamo , the lowest number since 2002
CNN  -- Retired Adm. William Fallon resigned in March as leader of the U.S. military 's Central Command after reportedly clashing with President Bush . Retired Adm. William Fallon told CNN he resigned to maintain confidence in the military chain of command . During an interview Tuesday on CNN 's American Morning , " Fallon denied a magazine article 's assertion that he had been forced to resign over his opposition to a possible war with Iran . CNN 's Kyra Phillips asked Fallon about his resignation and about U.S. policy regarding Iraq and Iran . Kyra Phillips : How were you informed that this was it ? Who called you ? Fallon : The story is -- the facts are that the situation was one that was very uncomfortable for me and , I 'm sure , for the president . One of the most important things in the military is confidence in the chain of command . And the situation that developed was one of uncertainty and a feeling that maybe that I was disloyal to the president and that I might be trying to countermand his orders , the policies of the country . ... The fact that people might be concerned that I was not appropriately doing what I was supposed to do and following orders bothered me , and my sense was that the right thing to do was to offer my resignation . Watch Fallon break his silence " Phillips : Do you feel you were pushed out ? Fallon : What was important was not me . It was n't some discussion about where I was with issues . It was the fact that we have a war in progress . We had a couple of hundred thousand people whose lives were at stake out in Iraq and Afghanistan and we needed to be focused on that and not a discussion on me or what I might have said or thought or someone perceived I said . That 's the motivation . Phillips : -LSB- Esquire magazine writer -RSB- Tom Barnett made it appear that you were the only man standing between the president and a war with Iran . Is that true ? Fallon : I do n't believe for a second President Bush wants a war with Iran . The situation with Iran is very complex . People sometimes portray it or try to portray it in very simplistic terms -- we 're against Iran , we want to go to war with Iran , we want to be close to them . ... The reality is in international politics that -LSB- there are -RSB- many aspects to many of these situations , and I believe in our relationship with Iran we need to be strong and firm and convey the principles on which this country stands and upon which our policies are based . At the same time demonstrate a willingness and openness to engage in dialogue because there are certainly things we can find in common . Phillips : Would have you negotiated with Iran ? Fallon : It 's not my position to negotiate with Iran . I was the military commander in the Middle East . I had responsibility for our people and their safety and well-being . It 's the role of the diplomats to do the negotiation . Phillips : So when talk of the third war came out , a war with Iran , the president did n't say to you , "  This is what I want to do , " and did you stand up and say , "  No , sir . Bad move " ? Fallon : It 's probably not appropriate to try to characterize it in that way . Again , do n't believe for a second that the president really wants to go to war with Iran . We have a lot of things going on , and there are many other ways to solve problems . I was very open and candid in my advice . I 'm not shy . I will tell people , the leaders , what I think and offer my opinions on Iran and other things , and continue to do that . Phillips : Do you think that cost you your job ? Fallon : No , I do n't believe so at all . It 's a confidence issue of do people really believe the chain of command is working for them or do we have doubts , and if the doubts focus attention away from what the priority issues ought to be , then we 've got to make a change . Phillips : We talk about your no-nonsense talk and the fact that you had no problems standing up to the president . Your critics say that Admiral Fallon is a difficult man to get along with . Are you ? Fallon : You probably could ask my wife about that . She would have a few things to say . I think that what 's really important here is that when I was asked to take this job about a year and a half ago , I believe it was because we were facing some very difficult days in Iraq and Afghanistan and in the region . I had some experience in dealing with international problems . I certainly had a lot of combat experience , and I was brought in in an attempt to make things better . That 's what I went about doing . Again , there are things that are important and other things in life that are less so . A lot of the issues that became points of discussion to me were not really important items . The important items were the people , what they 're doing , how to get this job done , how to get the war ended and get our people home . Phillips : Hillary Clinton -LSB- and -RSB- Barack Obama talk about pulling troops out by next year . John McCain says , no , we 've got to stay the course . What is the best course for Iraq right now ? Watch what the candidates say about war policy " Fallon : I believe the best course is to retain the high confidence we have in General Dave Petraeus and his team out there . Dave has done a magnificent job in leading our people in that country . Again , this situation is quite complex -- many angles . There 's a very , very important military role here in providing stability and security in this country , but that 's not going to be successful , as we know , without lots of other people playing a hand . The political side of things in Iraq has got to move forward . That appears to be improving . People have to have confidence in their futures . They want to have stability . They would like to be able to raise their families in peace . They would like to have a job . They would like to look to tomorrow as better than today . It takes more than the military , but the military is essential to provide stability and security . The idea we would walk away from Iraq strikes me as not appropriate . We all want to bring our troops home . We want to have the majority of our people back and we want the war ended . Given where we are today , the progress that they 've made particularly in the last couple months , I think it 's very , very heartening to see what 's really happened here . The right course of action is to continue to work with the Iraqis and let them take over the majority of the tasks for ensuring security for the country and have our people come out on a timetable that 's appropriate to conditions on the ground .	Former Central Command chief William Fallon denies president sought third war Fallon : Concern for confidence in chain of command led to resignation "  There are many other ways to solve problems " besides war , he says Fallon : Best course in Iraq is to maintain confidence in Gen. David Petraeus
CNN  -- Toro Rosso have announced an all-new driver pairing for the 2012 Formula One season with Daniel Ricciardo and Jean-Eric Vergne replacing Sebastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari . Both new signings are part of the junior driver program at Toro Rosso 's owner and fellow constructor Red Bull , and both featured in practice sessions for their new team during 2011 . Australian Ricciardo also drove for Hispania Racing  HRT  in the second half of last season . The 22-year-old said he was delighted to secure his future in the sport . "  To be honest , I am still jumping up and down with excitement at the news , " he told Toro Rosso 's official website . "  I ca n't wait to get to work once testing begins . Pit-lane pioneers : Women in Formula One "  This is a really big deal for me and something I have wanted ever since I was driving for Toro Rosso on Friday mornings at the races in the first part of last season . " Like Ricciardo , Vergne , from France , is a former winner of the British Formula 3 Championship . The 20-year-old said he was determined to repay the faith his team had shown in him . "  Christmas has come early for me this year ! Having driven for them a few times this year and also testing for Red Bull Racing in Abu Dhabi , I definitely feel ready to make the move , even if I know there is a big difference between testing and actually racing . "  I enjoyed working with the guys at Toro Rosso this year and I ca n't wait to be part of the team for real . Sitting on the grid in Melbourne next March can not come soon enough . " Team principal Franz Tost defended the decision to replace Buemi and Alguersuari , saying his new duo had long been primed for their debut seasons with the team . Champion Vettel honored to be part of F1 history "  I must also thank Sebastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari for all their hard work over the past three seasons . They have delivered some excellent performances which have helped the team move forward and develop . "  However , one has to remember that when Scuderia Toro Rosso was established in 2005 , it was done so with the intention of providing a first step into Formula 1 for the youngsters in the Red Bull Junior Driver programme . "  It is therefore part of the team 's culture to change its driver line-up from time to time in order to achieve this goal . " Elsewhere , Team Lotus officially changed their name to Caterham F1 on Wednesday , with team principal Tony Fernandes eyeing improvements in the 2012 Formula One season . The UK-based outfit 's name change officially ends the dispute over the use of the Lotus name in F1 , with Renault set to race as Lotus next year . The marque have finished 10th out of 12 teams in each of the two seasons they have competed in since entering the sport in 2010 , but are yet to score a world championship point . "  The race team must improve and be a true showcase for our group of businesses , " Fernandes said in a team press release . "  Yes , being in F1 implies that you are already ahead of the pack . However , ultimately we want to be leading that pack . It 's not going to happen overnight , but if we set realistic targets , then it 's something we will achieve . " Elsewhere , Hispania Racing  HRT  announced the departure of team principal Colin Kolles after two seasons with the team . The Romanian joined the Spanish outfit for their F1 debut in 2010 , but has seen the team fail to register a point in the either of the last two seasons .	Daniel Ricciardo and Jean-Eric Vergne will drive for Toro Rosso in 2012 The duo replace the 2011 pairing of Sebastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari Team Lotus officially change their name to Caterham F1 on Wednesday Hispania Racing Team announce the departure of team principle Colin Kolles
CNN  -- Japan is set to go ahead with some of its whaling activities even though a recent international court ruling ordered the country to end its whale hunt in the Antarctic . The East Asian nation halted its annual Antarctic whaling mission after the U.N. 's International Court of Justice  ICJ  ruled last month the hunt violated an international moratorium on commercial whaling . The Japanese fisheries ministry announced last week it would still proceed with a smaller research program in the northwest Pacific . The mission 's departure , originally scheduled for April 22 , was postponed until after a state visit by U.S. President Barack Obama , according to local media reports . The whaling fleet is now expected to leave Japan 's shore on Saturday . Japan is also making preparations for a new proposal which could see its whaling fleet return to the Antarctic as early as next year , the ministry said . Both announcements by the ministry sparked renewed anger among environmentalists , who say Japan 's research program is a thinly veiled attempt to circumvent a ban on the commercial whale meat trade . The head of Greenpeace Japan , Junichi Sato , said the fisheries ministry 's latest announcement was a "  huge disappointment " that flew in the face of the U.N. court 's ruling and threatened to "  damage Japan 's international standing . " Sea Shepherd Conservation Society 's founder Captain Paul Watson was skeptical the revised plan reflected a sincere attempt by Japan to ensure the whale hunt produced valuable research . "  If they do it as a genuine scientific program they wo n't be able to kill very many whales and it would n't be worthwhile for them to go down there  to the Antarctic  , " he said . Although few people in Japan regularly eat whale meat , many support the controversial whaling research program . A survey , released by the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun earlier this week , found that 60 % of respondents thought the research whaling should continue , while around 23 % said the practice should stop . Almost half of those who thought the research should continue said they did n't eat whale meat . Only 4 % said they consumed whale meat "  occasionally " while 10 % said they ate it on "  rare occasions , " according to Asahi Shimbun . Japan 's Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries Ministry said the catch from the upcoming Pacific mission would be reduced from 380 whales to 210 and nonlethal methods for carrying out the research would be explored , according to a statement released by the ministry last week . In a separate statement , fisheries minister Yoshimasa Hayashi said Japan would conduct research whaling "  based on international law and scientific evidence , " while firmly maintaining its policy of "  aiming for the resumption of commercial whaling . " Tokyo is making preparations to submit a revised whaling plan for both the Pacific and the Antarctic to the International Whaling Commission by this fall , ahead of the 2015-16 season . He also said Japan would explore ways to deal with anti-whaling activists , who are often involved in scuffles with Japanese whaling vessels . The International Whaling Commission banned commercial whaling in 1986 , but Japan has continued to carry out whale hunts by taking advantage of a loophole that permits the killing of mammals for scientific research , despite strong criticism from international anti-whaling campaigners and governments of countries that include the United States and Australia . The International Court of Justice ruled on March 31 that Japan can no longer continue its whale hunt in the Antarctic after the court failed to find evidence the program had legitimate research value . In the Asahi Shimbun poll , 40 % of Japanese respondents said the court 's decision was reasonable while almost as many , 39 % said it was unreasonable . PHOTOS : Waiting for the whales	Japan will proceed with a whaling mission in the Pacific A U.N. court found the nation 's Antarctic hunt violated a ban on commercial whaling Japan says the whaling is scientific ; plans to submit a revised proposal soon
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Police defused a bomb at a Buenos Aires theater Tuesday , a day before a former Colombian president was scheduled to speak there . Authorities offered different assessments of the danger the explosive posed , and when it was set to go off . A judge who investigated the Gran Rex theater said the bomb was set to be detonated around 4:30 p.m. Wednesday afternoon , when former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe is scheduled to speak . "  It was a simple apparatus , but one that could have caused the death of people closest to it , " Judge Norberto Oyarbide told reporters . Later Tuesday , federal police said the bomb was designed more to cause commotion than serious damage , and had been set to go off on Tuesday afternoon , according to the state-run Telam news agency . "  It was designed to produce shocking sounds , " police spokesman Commissioner Nestor Rodriguez said . A theater employee alerted authorities after finding the device , Oyarbide said . "  Undoubtedly it looked like a bomb . You could see two pieces , and a cell phone , and it was connected in the middle , " said Hector Fernandez , a theater employee . Authorities were investigating to determine who placed it in the theater . Colombia 's defense minister condemned the apparent attack attempt and called for an investigation . Last week , a former top official from Uribe 's administration survived an assassination attempt -- a daylight bombing in Colombia 's capital . Uribe was Colombia 's president from 2002-2010 , and was known for his focus on improving security and his tough stance on leftist guerrillas . Uribe is scheduled to speak on at an international entrepreneurs conference Wednesday at the Gran Rex , one of the largest theaters in Buenos Aires . A description of the event on the WOM Leadership Symposium 's website said Uribe would be discussing his role in "  the transformation of Colombia . " "  In 2002 , he found a country beset by guerrillas and overcome by uncertainty and despair . Eight years later , he handed over a country that was safe , thriving and respected by the international community as one of the most attractive countries for foreign investment , " the website says . A statement on the website said the conference would continue as scheduled Wednesday . Human rights groups are planning a demonstration Wednesday afternoon near the theater to protest the former Colombian president 's participation in the symposium . An announcement of the protest describes Uribe as a "  true threat to the region , " arguing that "  in the name of the fight against ` terrorism ' he committed the most atrocious crimes against the Colombian people . " CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez and journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say the bomb was designed to cause commotion Former President Alvaro Uribe is scheduled to speak in the theater Authorities are investigating to determine who planted the explosives Last week a former top Colombian official survived an assassination attempt in Bogota
CNN  -- As the world looks for ways to help the victims of Haiti 's earthquake , the FBI is now warning that there are also those who are looking for opportunities set up scams surrounding the latest disaster relief efforts . The FBI advises that people should be very skeptical of any unsolicited appeals they receive or find on the Internet . One month after Hurricane Katrina , the FBI said it was suspicious of most of the 4,600 Web sites soliciting money on behalf of those victims . Within an hour of the World Trade Center attacks , scam sites popped up on the Web according to ScamBusters.org . At CNN 's Impact Your World , you can find a list of list of Web sites of charities highly rated by CharityNavigator.org , an independent , nonprofit organization that evaluates and rates thousands of charity groups based on effectiveness and financial stability . But Web sites are not the only way criminals try to get their hands on charity funds -- they might also send you an e-mail , a letter , phone you or even knock on your door . Here are some tips from the FBI , Scam.Busters and the Better Business Bureau on how to make sure your money goes to people in need .  Be skeptical if someone e-mails you or contacts you through social networking sites claiming to be a quake victim or a government or charity official and asks for donations , the FBI says . Also , the agency says , do not click on any links within those e-mails . And do not click on attached files labeled photos or video because they may contain viruses .  It 's OK to be suspicious . Ask for the name , phone number and address of the charity . The American Institute of Philanthropy says honest charities encourage you to know about them and respond to your questions . Also , request that they put the information in writing .  However , do not give them your personal or financial information , because that may leave you vulnerable to identity theft .  Do n't be misled by a charity name that "  sort of sounds familiar . " Scammers may change one word in the title to trick you .  Ask if the charity is registered with any organization and get the registration number . Check for the organization on Web sites such as the Better Business Bureau 's Wise Giving Alliance , or Charity Navigator.org .  Ask what percentage of the money you give actually reaches the needy . You also can designate how your donation is to be used .  Do n't ever donate cash . Make the check out to the name of the charity , not the person asking for money . And get a receipt with the name of the charity on it . Do NOT give your credit card number to telemarketers or use it on a Web site of a charity you have not checked out .  If the person seeking your donation asks you to give more , that may be a sign that something is wrong . Legitimate charities are grateful , not demanding .	To help Haiti earthquake victims , check out charities at Impact Your World FBI says do n't click on links or files in unsolicited donation request e-mails Do not ever donate cash ; do n't give your credit card info to people phoning for donations Ask if charity is registered and what percentage of money goes to victims
Parenting.com  -- When your toddler is hurt and screaming and emotions are bubbling over , it can be hard to tell if a situation is a true emergency , something that can be treated in your doctor 's office or an issue you can handle at home . "  It 's always better to call the pediatrician before going to the ER for anything but life-threatening emergencies , " says Lara Zibners M.D. , a pediatric ER doctor and author of "  If Your Kid Eats This Book , Everything Will Still Be Okay . " We spoke to pediatric ER doctors about the most common accidents and whether your child 's doctor will deal with the issue over the phone , have you come into the office or call the ER to alert them that your child is on the way . What if your baby pulls up on the coffee table and then yanks a mug of hot tea on herself ? Head to the ER if the burn covers a large part of her body ; if it 's on her face , hands , feet or genitals ; or if it 's a third-degree burn , which is pretty unlikely from a hot beverage . Otherwise , treat her at home and act fast . Since the first thing to do is get the hot liquid off the body , Dr. Zibners recommends removing the wet clothing and plunking her into a cool shower . "  If it 's only a small part of the hand or arm that 's been burned , " she says , "  running cool water over the limb in the sink for 10 to 15 minutes or until the pain subsides will stop further injury and provide immediate pain relief . " Keep the area in water until it 's cool to the touch , then treat the burn . At-home burn basics If she has a first-degree burn  the skin is red  , follow these tips : DO : After the burn has cooled , cover it loosely with a dry bandage or clean cloth . DO N'T : Apply ointments  or butter  . This could cause infection or trap heat and make the burn deeper . Do not break any blisters . This could allow bacteria into the wound . What if your toddler topples off his changing table ? The goose egg is huge , and he 's hysterical . Head to the ER ? For kids older than 12 months , you can take a watch-and-wait approach . Dr. Zibners says most kids who bump their heads are fine , and the size of the bump rarely has anything to do with the extent of the injury . There are loads of blood vessels in the head and face , so the swelling can be dramatic . Keep an eye on him for the next few hours to make sure he does n't limp or favor one arm , vomit or become unusually sleepy or especially irritable . If you see any of these signs , call the doctor as they could mean something more serious . And , of course , if your child is motionless or unconscious or refuses to move after his fall , call an ambulance right away . The exception : Dr. Zibners says any child under a year of age who experiences more than a minor bump should always be checked out by a physician because injuries are harder to detect when the patient ca n't talk . Parenting.com : How to decode that strange rash Diaper duty The American Academy of Pediatrics offers these guidelines for safe diaper changing : - Choose a changing pad with a concave middle to keep baby in place . - Always buckle the safety strap . - Keep diapering supplies within your reach  but out of baby 's  . What if another kid bites your baby and the skin is broken ? Call your pediatrician right away . She may decide to send you to the ER , depending on the location of the bite and its appearance .  She might prescribe an oral antibiotic .  Otherwise , wash the wound immediately and thoroughly with soap and warm water and then apply an antibiotic ointment and bandage . "  Human bites are among the dirtiest of all wounds due to bacteria normally found in the human mouth , " says Karen Frush M.D. , a pediatric emergency room doctor and chief patient safety officer at Duke University Health System in Durham , North Carolina . "  Thoroughly washing the skin with soap and water is the best thing a parent can do to effectively reduce the bacteria load found in the wound . " Parenting.com : How gross is it ? Your germiest situations analyzed What if someone sideswipes your car ? Your child is strapped into his safety seat , but he 's upset and crying . Head to the ER ? Only if he does n't calm down after a reasonable amount of time , say 15 or 20 minutes . "  With children age 5 and under who are properly restrained in an age-appropriate car seat , the likelihood of injury is small in a non-or low-impact situation , " says Dr. Frush . But if your child wo n't stop crying , bring him to the emergency room . "  That may mean he was subjected to unusual force , and a doctor can figure out if there are any injuries , " she adds . Generally , though , if your child is moving his arms and legs , the best thing to do is remove him from his car seat , try to calm him and make sure he 's OK . Warning signs Sometimes symptoms take a few hours to appear . Call the doctor if you notice these signs : - Blood in his urine  which could be a result of injury to the upper or lower urinary tract  . - Bruising over his chest or belly from the straps . - Refusing to move or turn his head . - Refusing to bear weight . What if your toddler falls , bites her tongue and it 's bleeding buckets ? Head to the ER ? Only if it 's still bleeding after 10 or 15 minutes of applying direct pressure with a clean washcloth . The tongue is full of blood vessels , so it 'll bleed a lot , which may scare her  and you !  . "  With young children -LSB- applying direct pressure -RSB- is often very difficult , so it may be helpful to encourage her to suck on an ice pop , which can also provide pressure on the tongue and sometimes help stop the bleeding , " says Dr. Frush . She adds that tongues usually heal nicely and it 's very rare a child will lose enough blood from a tongue injury to become anemic . Parenting.com : 9 pediatric emergency essentials To treat a tongue bite DO : Dampen a clean washcloth with cool water , seat your child on your lap , then press the washcloth over the injured area of the tongue . Feed her cold foods , such as frozen yogurt . DO N'T : Give your baby any acidic or salty foods while her tongue is healing because it will sting and make the pain worse . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Most kids who bump their heads are fine "  Human bites are among the dirtiest of all wounds due to bacteria , " Karen Frush said Sometimes symptoms take a few hours to appear
Beijing , China  CNN  The son of kung fu movie star Jackie Chan has been released after being jailed for six months in China for drug offenses . Jaycee Chan was detained in August last year after he tested positive for marijuana and police found more than 100 grams of the drug in his Beijing apartment . His management company , Mstones , said he was released early Friday morning and will hold a press conference on Saturday . "  He will make a formal public apology and give a full explanation , " the online statement said . A Beijing court sentenced him in January but took into account the time he already spent in jail since last summer . Chan pleaded guilty to "  hosting others to take drugs , " was also fined 2,000 yuan  $ 320  , announced the Dongcheng District People 's Court . The Hong Kong native was arrested along with a Taiwanese actor , amid a government crackdown on celebrity drug offenders . Although he did not attend the trial , Jackie Chan -- who has starred in Hollywood blockbusters like "  Rush Hour " and was named an anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009 -- had expressed anger and disappointment in his son in media interviews . "  I failed to discipline him -- now the state is helping me discipline him and make him get rid all the bad habits , " the elder Chan , 60 , told the state-run Xinhua news agency last December , while denying his son had received special treatment in jail . The younger Chan 's case has put a spotlight on the Chinese capital 's intensifying anti-drugs campaign . By mid-November , the authorities had detained almost 10,000 people for using drugs , nearly double the previous year 's figure . Announcing the numbers , a top anti-narcotics official in Beijing emphasized the government 's "  zero-tolerance " stance on celebrity offenders due to the impact of their behavior on the youth . Last August , dozens of management agencies representing actors and singers signed an agreement with Beijing authorities , banning drug use from the entertainment industry and pledging to fire any artists who break the law . CNN 's Vivian Kam contributed to this report from Hong Kong .	Son of Jackie Chan released from jail after 6 months sentence Jaycee Chan tested positive for marijuana in August His father was named anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009
CNN  -- The legendary computer club where Apple co-founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak first showed off their early retail computers is reuniting next month . Tech-savvy members of the Homebrew Computer Club are scheduled to present at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , Calif. , the same city where tech giants Google and LinkedIn now have their headquarters . SEE ALSO : Technostalgia : 20 Misty Memories of Personal Computing A Kickstarter campaign , which aimed to raise $ 16,000 to fund the reunion , announced that the event will take place on Nov. 11 . Original members of the club will be on hand to "  celebrate their legacy and to impart their wisdom to the next generation of hackers and creators whose innovations will shape the future , " according to the Kickstarter page . The Homebrew Computer Club was founded in 1975 and , in typical Silicon Valley fashion , hosted its inaugural meeting at computer engineer Gordon French 's garage in Menlo Park , Calif. "  If one had to pick the single most important moment in personal computing history , the first meeting of the Homebrew Computer Club in that dimly lit garage in Menlo Park might be at the top of the list , " the campaign 's organizers said on Kickstarter . So far , 25 members from the club 's old guard , including Wozniak , have RSVPed for the reunion . Tickets for the public are being sold via the Kickstarter page ; a single ticket costs $ 64 , or $ 128 for a ticket and a limited-edition t-shirt . The campaign aimed to raise $ 16,000 to fund the event space , food , and travel for some of the club 's original members . As of Saturday , more than 200 backers had pledged over $ 23,000 towards the event . If the campaign raises $ 30,000 , professional photographs from the event will be shared online . If $ 40,000 is raised , a micro-documentary will be made about the reunion . What do you think was the Homebrew Computer Club 's biggest contribution to technology ? Tell us in the comments , below . This article originally appeared on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The Homebrew Computer Club will present at the Computer History Museum Club was where Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs first showed their computers The reunion was funded on Kickstarter
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Nine North Koreans defected to the South by boat over the weekend , the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff said Wednesday . The group made the border crossing Saturday in the Yellow Sea off the west of the Korean peninsula , according to the JCS . The nine defectors made the journey in an engineless boat and are being questioned by South Korean authorities about their motives and their route , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported . The development comes four months after a group of 31 North Koreans accidentally crossed over into South Korean waters on a fishing boat . Four members of that group decided to defect to the South , despite Pyongyang 's demands that they all be repatriated to the North , the South Korean Red Cross said in March . There are currently more than 20,000 North Korean defectors in South Korea , according to the South 's Unification Ministry . The number of annual defectors has risen drastically since the turn of the century and continues to climb . Defectors who are forcefully repatriated to the North after attempting to cross over into places such as China , Mongolia or Southeast Asia are commonly sent to prison camps as a punishment . Many defectors who live in South Korea fear for the lives of their family or relatives who remain in the North . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	The group makes the border crossing over the weekend in the Yellow Sea They travel in a boat with no engine South Korean authorities are questioning them about their motives
CNN  -- Fiona Apple recently spent a night in a jail in Texas . She apparently was a little ticked off at the behavior of some of the folks who watched over her stay . The Grammy-winning singer told the audience at her next show about it , and videos of her harsh speech were posted on the web . The Hudspeth County Sheriff 's Office must have gotten wind of it because its public information officer issued a sharp rebuttal Monday . Rusty Fleming even had some advice for Apple : "  Just shut up and sing . " Border Patrol agents arrested Apple after finding marijuana and hashish on her tour bus on Wednesday . Investigators found 0.010 pounds of marijuana and 0.010 pounds of hashish , a statement said . After she was released from jail , Apple did a concert in Houston where she launched into her critical remarks before her first song . "  Most of the people were very nice to me , " she said . "  There are four of you out there , and I want you to know that I heard everything you did . I wrote it all down with your names and everything you did and said stupidly thinking I could n't hear or see you . " Then it got interesting . Apple said she ripped the paper up , not before "  encoding " the information and putting it in a "  lock box " or a "  holding cell . " Another holding cell holds the decoder and Apple is the only one with the key , she said . She said the behavior of the four was inappropriate and likely illegal . Fleming said it was the official position of the sheriff 's office that if she has a legal complaint she should call the state attorney general . "  We 'll give her the number if she needs that , " the release said . Apple told the Houston concertgoers that she was going to keep the information private unless "  you 're interested in being a celebrity , I 'll make you ... famous any time you ask , " she said , referring to members of the sheriff 's department . Fleming was not amused , it seems . "  First , Honey , I 'm already more famous than you , I do n't need your help . However , it would appear that you need mine . Two weeks ago nobody in the country cared about what you had to say . Now that you 've been arrested it appears your entire career has been jump started . Do n't worry , Sweetie , I wo n't bill you , " he wrote . The sultry-voiced singer first shot to fame in 1997 with her hit single , "  Criminal , " which earned her a Grammy Award for best female vocal rock performance . She is currently on tour promoting her new album and was scheduled to perform in New Orleans on Monday night . So far , no new videos on YouTube . More celeb arrests : Lindsay Lohan in trouble again CNN 's David Alsup and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Fiona Apple is not happy with police in Hudspeth County , Texas They are not happy with her public criticism of the sheriff 's department Spokesman says he is more famous than her Apple was arrested for marijuana , hashish possession
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Jesse Fraunfelder , an unemployed husband and father , shakes his head when he thinks of the salaries going to members of Congress . "  If we worked 5 % of the time and 80 % of the time we said : ` We 're either not going to vote , we 're going to scream at each other or not do our job at all , ' what would happen to us ? " he asked . "  Would we be fired ? I think so . " iReporter Fraunfelder lives in Aurora , Colorado . CNN selected him for this story prior to the movie theater shooting . Fraunfelder is incensed over the gridlock in Washington and blames partisan rancor for failure of Congress to compromise on issues ranging from jobs to the national debt . Disappointed and cynical as he is , however , Fraunfelder will still vote this fall . Watch behind-the-scenes interview with Fraunfelder "  I care about my country . I vote , " he said . "  We need to make sure they hear us , especially now . " But drive three hours from Fraunfelder 's house , into the Rocky Mountains , and Roxanne Pranger is not sure if she 'll vote . "  I am so discouraged with Congress and how they ca n't get along , " she told CNN Radio . "  They used to sit and hash things out and that 's how it should be . " Pranger , who lives in Steamboat Springs , just turned 60 last month and believes this is the most divided she has ever seen her government . "  I just feel like they 're acting like kindergarteners , " she said . According to Congressional Quarterly 's annual review of votes in Congress , 2011 set a record for both the number of partisan votes  votes where a majority of one party votes against the majority of another party  and the intensity of the partisanship  the frequency that members vote with their party  in the House of Representatives . "  Right now we 're seeing an increase in polarization , " said Vanderbilt political science professor John Geer . "  At some point it will start to decrease . " Geer is more analytical than emotional about the tide of partisanship , noting that the U.S. government was designed to be contentious . "  I 'm not looking for them to be members of the clergy , " Geer told CNN Radio . "  We have two parties for a reason . " But Geer also believes there is a danger when partisanship reaches this kind of extreme level . He gave an example of how divide , and the gridlock it caused , hurt the country in the past . "  There are injustices that have unfolded in this country , namely like civil rights , that took far , far too long for those to unfold ... which is a problem with the system , " he said . But can this change ? What 's your take on partisanship ? Share your view with CNN iReport . "  I do n't know what can get us out of it , " Geer admitted . But he ventured an idea . "  At some point enough people like Roxanne  Pranger  need to be angry enough that maybe they do n't vote , or maybe they vote for a third party , " Geer said . For now , it is certainly possible Pranger will stay home on Election Day . She told CNN Radio that she likes President Obama , but is disheartened by negative ads on both sides , causing her to consider staying home on November 6 . Listen to Fraunfelder 's original story on CNN iReport Meanwhile , Fraunfelder said he is still considering how he 'll cast his vote . The self-described independent voter insisted he will look at who is more likely to hold moderate views and , he hopes , be less partisan . See all of the Embed America coverage here . And track the Embed team 's progress on our map .	iReporter Jesse Fraunfelder angry with both parties for what he calls "  political stunts " Expert : U.S. House set records for the amount and intensity of partisan votes last year Aurora , Colorado , is in Arapahoe County , voted 56 % Obama , 43 % McCain in 2008 Follow CNN Radio 's Embed America trip on our map
CNN  -- "  Sometimes I ask myself , why me ? Why did this have to happen again ? " says 31-year-old Andile from the Khayelitsha township in Cape Town , South Africa . "  But the problem is I could have got it anywhere , on the bus , in a taxi , in my work . It 's everywhere . " Andile has extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis  XDR-TB  , a form of the airborne disease that is resistant to the four main groups of drugs used to treat it , meaning treatment can take years and requires alternative drugs that have more side effects . He 's had tuberculosis for more than two years but it 's not the first time he 's been infected . "  Where I stay , the environment is not right , it 's not clean . I could have got TB there , or on the taxis we use as they never open the windows , " he says . TB has long been known as a disease of poverty . Dense housing , shared living space , poor ventilation , poor nutrition and poor healthcare systems are the prime conditions for the infection to spread , and thrive . This ancient disease was known as the "  White Plague " in 18th century Europe and still kills more than one million people a year globally . It 's a complicated disease with the potential to affect many parts of the body and it can remain latent in people for many years , leaving them unaware they are infected . The main active form of the disease affects the lungs ; if left untreated it can cause considerable lung damage , resulting in eventual death . ` Public health emergency ' After repeated exposure , Andile has extensive damage to his lungs , leaving him reliant on an oxygen tank as he receives his treatment from Medecin Sans Frontiers . The NGO plays a large role in treating TB in Khayelitsha , one of the largest townships in the country . Andile is one of thousands of people who contract the extensively drug-resistant form each year and he makes a crucial point -- TB is everywhere in South Africa and is the leading cause of death . It 's estimated that up to 80 % of drug-resistant forms of the disease are now transmitted directly between people , rather than developing over time . "  The disease has reached a public health emergency in South Africa , " explains Keertan Dheda , professor of medicine at the University of Cape Town . "  We treat half a million cases a year and today , the epidemic has taken a turn with drug resistance . We treat 8,000 cases of resistance a year and now a chunk of those have developed resistance beyond XDR-TB -- incurable TB . " Looking at the disease globally , in 2013 there were 72 cases of drug-resistant TB in the United States . In 2012 there were 64,000 cases in India and 59,000 in China . The more people and the closer their proximity , the easier the disease spreads . Drug resistance can develop for a variety of reasons . For TB , the origins lie in incomplete treatment regimens where people did not complete their course of antibiotics due either to poor health systems or personal preference or complacency . Incomplete treatments mean the bacteria behind the disease -- Mycobacterium tuberculosis -- have had some , but not full , exposure to the drugs prescribed to kill them , giving them the opportunity to mutate and become resistant . The result today is such vast resistance that in some settings , all known drugs have been rendered useless and these forms are now transmitting between people . "  We now have patients who are therapeutically destitute , " explains Dheda . Global problem The problem is now global . XDR-TB has its highest prevalence in Russian , Eastern Europe , China and India , with the latter reporting cases of total drug resistance . But according to the 2013 Global TB report from the World Health Organization  WHO  , this extensive form of resistant TB has been reported in 92 countries , and is likely to be in more . "  It 's probably in every country , " says David Heymann , head of the Center on Global Health Security at think tank Chatham House and chair of the Health Protection Agency in the United Kingdom . "  The disease has spread internationally and is a real concern . " The 67th World Health Assembly took place last week and it approved a long-term global TB strategy , including targets to reduce TB deaths by 95 % between 2015 and 2035 . Also firmly on the agenda was the global concern of antibiotic resistance and the fear of many diseases becoming untreatable . The issue has been addressed by many public health organizations in 2014 and Heymann believes TB is a prime example of the problem and should be declared a public health emergency of international concern by the International Health Regulations Emergency Committee . But such a declaration is yet to be made . The man in charge of the controlling the problem globally is Mario Raviglione , director of the Global Tuberculosis Program at the WHO . "  TB is competing with HIV/AIDS as the number one killer among the infectious diseases , " explains Raviglione . "  There are about 450,000 new drug-resistant TB cases every year and this is the scariest part of tuberculosis as you are left with less options to treat people , many of which are toxic . " ` Extraordinary measures ' Raviglione stresses that the epidemic may differ in different parts of the world but is very much an international issue . "  Russia , India , China and South Africa have about 60 % of the world cases , so if they do n't improve there is no way the world can progress , " he says . Raviglione is especially concerned about the increased rates of drug-resistant TB seen in Southern Africa . "  This scares us most because in that part of the world there is a lot of HIV and so it can become explosive and really spread and move fast as HIV amplifies the effect of tuberculosis . " The ability of HIV to suppress human immune systems enables TB bacteria to take over the body . The WHO strategy therefore is to target high-burden countries and improve the diagnosis and treatment of drug-resistant TB . Because patients must take drugs for at least two years , getting them to stick with the treatment is essential , and transmission must also be controlled . Not a simple feat . "  This threat has to be prevented and when it does occur , extraordinary measures must be put in place to diagnose and treat to stop it spreading to others , " states Raviglione . "  It 's a real threat and has to be taken extremely seriously . " This story was partly supported by the Pulitzer Center on crisis reporting	Drug-resistant TB is on the rise , with some strains immune to all major drugs Extensively resistant TB reported in 92 countries but is likely to be in many more About 450,000 new drug-resistant TB cases reported worldwide in 2012 "  It 's probably in every country , " says expert
He plays the only sport approved by the Taliban , and Mohammad Nabi Eisakhil hopes the game he learned as a war refugee will play a big part in uniting his country . "  Now it 's very popular . The young generation really like cricket , supporting the Afghanistan team , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series at the team 's training base in Sharjah . "  When we were children it was nothing . Now in Afghanistan we have big support . Everyone likes our cricketers . " It 's a country ravaged by war since the Soviet invasion of 1979 . Following the Taliban 's subsequent harsh period of rule , which ended in a U.S.-led intervention after the 9/11 terror attacks , Afghanistan 's government is now battling to forge its own path of democracy between the opposing forces of Western expectation and fundamentalist Islamic tradition . Cricket , however , is being supported by Afghanistan 's opposing factions , says Noor Muhammad , chief executive of the sport 's national association . "  This is a game that can bring Afghanistan together and be a very good tool for peace and stability , " he told CNN in a phone interview . "  Despite all these difficulties , the anti-government groups and armed groups hanging around , cricket has been progressing very well . "  We have been receiving very good support , even from anti-government people as well , because we have been going frequently to the remote areas . "  Cricket has a very bright future here . The mountains cover 75 % of land in the country -- despite the fact land is very expensive , we have been offered a huge amount of land to build cricket grounds , in the north , the east and the west . " Nabi has come a long way since his family had to flee Afghanistan in the 1980s during the war with Russia . "  I was taught cricket in Pakistan , where there 's a lot of cricket in the street , in schools . We were a lot of guys , we played together , with a tennis ball , " he said of his upbringing in the border region of Peshawar -- once the gateway to some of Asia 's richest trade routes , now a breeding ground for extremist elements . Since then , not only has he had the chance to play for Afghanistan in one-day and Twenty20 internationals , he has also been appointed team captain . And the 28-year-old is doing everything he can to achieve the country 's dream of being accepted at the top levels of cricket . "  It 's a big pressure to take this challenge , as a captain , " Nabi said . "  It 's a big challenge to me to lead in the front , and perform well . That gives me more motivation . " Muhammad says that , in a country where 70 % of the population is under the age of 30 , it is important to not only target but also to educate young people in order to develop the sport . "  That 's why we are going to be working with the Ministry of Education so that this game will be part of the sports period and will officially be taught in schools , " he said . "  We do n't need only cricketers , we need educated cricketers . We are appointing coaches to go to the schools and train their teachers . So instead of taking boys to academies outside of schools , we are in fact taking cricket into their venues . " Nabi 's big break came when he was invited to spend three months at the home of English cricket , Lord 's , in 2007 as part of the young player program run by the Marylebone Cricket Club -- which governed the sport until the advent of the International Cricket Council in 1993 . "  It 's a beautiful ground , a beautiful academy , beautiful facilities . It 's a very interesting and moving experience for me , " he recalls . By that stage the Afghan national team had been in existence for only six years , despite cricket having been played in the country as early as the 19th century by British soldiers . It rose quickly through the ranks of the minor nations -- those not accorded full status by the ICC . In 2009 , the team finally won through to the final qualifying round for the ICC 's 50-over World Cup tournament , scraping through after winning a rain-affected match against Uganda . "  It was a very important match at that time . If we lose that match we did n't qualify , " Nabi said . That was just a small step in Afghanistan 's journey to join cricket 's elite . The team has twice played at the World Twenty20 finals , but despite earning one-day international status , has yet to win a place at the World Cup -- and hopes of becoming a full member Test-playing nation are yet far away . "  There is a lot of thirst for this game but it is difficult to persuade the international community to come and play some matches -- that will further develop and promote the game , " Muhammad said . Outside of official tournaments , Afghanistan does not play many matches -- which hinders its chances of moving up the rankings . It is 13th of the 50-over nations , and 12th in Twenty20 . Two victories over Scotland last month kept alive Afghanistan 's hopes of qualifying for the 2015 World Cup , but it will likely need to beat Namibia and Kenya in its remaining games to have a chance of claiming one of two places on offer for the tournament from the eight-nation WCL Championship . The other six teams will have another chance to qualify , with two more places up for grabs at a final eliminator in New Zealand next year . The full member nations automatically qualify . "  It is disappointing that we are not receiving expected support from full member countries , apart from Pakistan , who is comparatively supporting us , " Muhammad said . "  But we are not hopeless , we together with media can motivate these countries , especially Asian counties , who can provide ODI and T20 opportunities . "  It is difficult to convey our message at ICC level because we are an affiliate member . Hopefully this will change in the future , and we 're hoping the ICC will come and see how crazy people are for cricket . " For Nabi , it would be a dream to lead out his national team on home soil at the highest level of cricket . At present , the Afghans play their "  home " internationals in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates . "  We are not playing in Afghanistan , one-day internationals or Twenty20 , " said Nabi , who this year signed a contract to play in the Bangladesh Premier League . "  We want to . We have good supporters in Afghanistan . We want the ICC to allow some teams to Afghanistan . "  That 's what we want , to become a Test nation . "	Afghan cricket team is battling to become a fully-fledged international member Many of its players learned the game while in refugee camps in Pakistan Mohammad Nabi grew up in Peshawar due to the Soviet war of the 1980s He is now Afghanistan 's captain as the team bids to qualify for the World Cup
CNN  -- In anger over the recent death of an Internet activist who faced federal charges , hackers claiming to be from the group Anonymous threatened early Saturday to release sensitive information about the U.S. Department of Justice . They claimed to have one such file on multiple servers ready for immediate release . The hackers hijacked the website of the U.S. government agency responsible for federal sentencing guidelines , where they posted a message demanding the United States reform its justice system or face incriminating leaks to select news outlets . The lengthy , eloquently written letter was signed "  Anonymous . " Richard McFeely , executive assistant director of the FBI 's Criminal , Cyber , Response , and Services Branch , said the bureau was immediately aware of the threat and is "  handling it as a criminal investigation . " "  We are always concerned when someone illegally accesses another person  's  or government agency 's network , " he said . The U.S. Sentencing Commission said its website was brought down "  temporarily " before it was restored later Saturday . "  The commission 's publications , training materials and federal sentencing statistics are again readily accessible to visitors to the site , " it said in a statement . The suicide of Internet activist Aaron Swartz on January 11 triggered the posting of the hackers ' message to the web address of the sentencing commission , they said . His death , which they blamed on the justice system , "  crossed a line , " the letter said . How Aaron Swartz helped build the Internet A YouTube video accompanied the message , and made use of images from Cold War nuclear scenarios and games of strategy . The letter contained nuclear metaphors to refer to chunks of embarrassing information . The hackers said they have obtained "  enough fissile material for multiple warheads , " which it would launch against the Justice Department and "  its associated executive branches . " It gave the "  warheads " the names of U.S. Supreme Court justices . ` Anonymous ' threatens Westboro Baptist Anonymous accused the FBI of infiltrating its ranks and claimed the federal government is applying "  highly disproportionate sentencing " to ruin the lives of some of its members . Swartz , 26 , was facing federal computer fraud charges and could have served 35 years in prison . Anonymous said he "  was killed , " because he "  faced an impossible choice . " His family has issued a statement saying that federal charges filed over allegations that he stole millions of online documents contributed to Swartz 's decision to take his own life . The files were mostly scholarly papers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Opinion : Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz Swartz 's suicide has inspired a flurry of online tributes and mobilized Anonymous , the loosely defined collective of so-called "  hacktivists " who oppose attempts to limit Internet freedoms . Both Swartz and Anonymous have been stark proponents of open access to information and open-source programming . A review of a cached version of the USSC.gov website showed the Anonymous message on its homepage early Saturday . Anonymous also posted an editable version of the website , inviting users to deface it as they pleased . Multiple pages -- not only the home page -- appeared to allow users to alter them . The "  warhead " names appeared as links , most leading to 404 error messages of pages not found , but some leading to pages of raw programming code . The hackers said they chose the commission 's website because of its influence on the doling out of sentences they consider to be unfair . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Jason Moon , AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	U.S. Sentencing Commission website restored The FBI is handling the incident as a "  criminal investigation " Hackers say they have a file of incriminating information ready to launch The threat note cited anger over the death of Internet activist Aaron Swartz
The Texas state senator whose filibuster of an abortion bill became a national phenomenon has a long history of persisting against tough odds . Wendy Davis -- the 50-year-old Democrat who stood and spoke for 13 hours Tuesday at the Texas Capitol -- went from being a teen mom to graduating from Harvard Law School . She began working after school at age 14 to help support her single mother and three siblings , according to her campaign website . "  By 19 , Wendy was a single mother herself , working two jobs to make ends meet in hopes of creating a better life for her young daughter . " She pursued community college , then transferred to Texas Christian University . With the help of scholarships and loans , she graduated first in her class . She went on to graduate with honors from Harvard Law at the age of 33 . She also had a second daughter . While standing during the filibuster , Davis wore pink running shoes . It was unclear whether the color was chosen because anti-abortion Republican feminists have been referred to as "  pink elephants . " In 2010 , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin spoke of a "  stampede of pink elephants , " promising a movement of GOP women against abortion . Davis entered public life in 2008 , defeating a longtime Republican incumbent to enter the Texas Senate . Her district covers parts of Fort Worth and its suburbs . This week 's was not her first filibuster . Filibuster rivets online She previously took on Gov. Rick Perry and the Republican majority , "  staging a filibuster and forcing a special session in her attempt to stop $ 5 billion in crippling cuts to Texas public schools , " her website says . When she was running for the state Senate last fall , a Fort Worth Star-Telegram editorial described her as "  a successful attorney with a powerful personal narrative , " but it pointed out she has legal clients that are public entities , such as Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and the North Texas Tollway Authority . Davis pledged to abstain on voting on some legislation that at least one client -- the tollway authority -- was expected to advance . The newspaper endorsed her candidacy last fall , calling her "  a tough fighter , a conscientious public servant and an able leader . " Her politics , however , apparently inspired some critics to violence . Last year , firebombs were thrown at Davis ' office . She was not present at the time , and no one was injured . "  Thank you all for your expressions of support and concern , " Davis said on Twitter at the time . "  My team and I are concentrating on moving forward and staying focused . " With tens of thousands of new followers Wednesday as a result of her filibuster , Davis tweeted , "  Thanks to the powerful voices of thousands of Texans , #SB5 is dead . An incredible victory for Texas women and those who love them . "	Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis wore pink running shoes during filibuster She 's described as "  successful attorney " whose clients include public entities She was a teen mom who pursued education and attended Harvard Law School Her office was firebombed last year
Nine Ukrainian soldiers were killed by tank fire Monday at the airport in the flashpoint city of Donetsk , according to the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council Information Center . Twenty-seven were wounded in the fighting , said Andrey Lysenko , spokesman of the center , at his press briefing . In a separate incident , three civilians were killed and five injured in shelling overnight in Donetsk , the website of the city office said Monday . Residential and administrative buildings were damaged as a result of artillery fire , according to the site , which described the situation as tense . Ukrainian government forces have been fighting pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine for months . Despite the ongoing violence in places such as Donetsk , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko insisted last week that a ceasefire signed with rebel leaders more than three weeks ago was holding .	Nine Ukrainian soldiers killed in clashes , Ukraine says Twenty-seven soldiers also reportedly wounded Three civilians were killed in overnight shelling in Donetsk
CNN  -- An Irish man known as "  The Naked Adventurer " was rescued off the coast of Western Australia during a failed attempt to row across the Indian Ocean . Keith Whelan -- whose website says he wants to become the first Irish person to row across the ocean -- was hit by a wave Monday and "  sustained a large laceration , " said Tracey Jiggins of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . "  He was rescued 206 kilometers  128 miles  off the shore northwest of Geraldton , " Jiggins said Tuesday . She said a merchant ship picked up Whelan , who was en route to Bunbury in Western Australia on Tuesday . "  His injuries are not life threatening , so  he  will remain on the ship until it docks at Bunbury tomorrow afternoon , " Jiggins said . A statement on Whelan 's website -- TheNakedAdventurer.com -- says Whelan was asleep Monday night when the force of the wave threw him across the boat 's inner cabin . "  Keith was able to stop the bleeding himself and ... decided to seek help at first light , " the statement said . When asked why he decided to attempt the 6,000-kilometer  3,728-mile  journey from Western Australia to Mauritius , Whelan said on his site , "  I am a risk taker and risking your life to achieve a dream is the biggest risk you can take . Some might say it 's foolish but to my mind it is only foolish if you do n't know the risks and you do n't prepare for them and train for every possible scenario . " Whelan is also raising money for Keep a Child Alive , which helps provide life-saving treatment , care and support to children and families in Africa and India affected by HIV/AIDS , according to the website . The site also said Whelan embarked on the solo challenge in the buff . "  Having gotten into a rowing boat for the first time only a year or so beforehand , he will spend 110 days alone at sea , facing 50 foot swells , hurricane force winds and unrelenting sunshine ... and he 'll be naked , " it said . Why naked ? "  As the Ocean is a very salty environment , clothing tends to become encrusted with salt , " Whelan said on the site . "  I will have no means of cleaning this from any clothing at sea , so wearing this clothing when full of salt would lead to severe salt sores on my body which is why I will be naked for most of the journey . " Jiggins said she was not sure whether Whelan was found naked , "  nor do I care . " CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Keith Whelan is hit by a wave and suffers a "  large laceration " A merchant ship rescues him off the coast of Western Australia Whelan was trying to be the first Irish person to row across the Indian Ocean He says he planned to row naked because salt would build up on clothing
In a yet another audio recording , Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling purportedly explains why he infamously told a woman not to bring black people to his games : He was jealous that she was with black men . The recording released Friday -- the second in two days unveiled by RadarOnline.com -- allegedly reveals Sterling trying to add context to racist comments that got him banned from the NBA last month . That context , he purportedly says , was that he was trying to sleep with the woman he was talking to . "  The girl is black . I like her . I 'm jealous that she 's with other black guys . I want her . So what the hell , can I in private tell her , you know , ' I do n't want you to be with anybody ' ? " the man purported to be Sterling says in the new tape , according to RadarOnline . "  I 'm trying to have sex with her . I 'm trying to play with her , " the man also says . "  You know , if you  are trying  to have sex with a girl and you 're talking with her privately , you do n't think anybody 's there . You may say anything in the world . What difference does it make ? "  Then if the girl tapes it and releases it , my God , it 's awful . " The new recording is of a phone conversation between Sterling and an unidentified person , made after the controversy over racist comments erupted last month , RadarOnline said . CNN 's attempts to verify with Sterling 's representatives that he is on the tape were not immediately successful . Sterling , an 80-year-old married lawyer and billionaire real-estate investor , has not released a public statement since celebrity gossip website TMZ posted a 10-minute audio recording in which he chastised a woman named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of her posing with African-Americans , including basketball Hall of Famer Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . Sterling made the comments during an argument with Stiviano , 31 , on April 9 , according to TMZ . "  In your lousy f *** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " responds Stiviano , who is part African-American , according to the recording . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Although the latest recording claims that Sterling was jealous , the tapes released last month by TMZ purportedly reveal Sterling being OK with Stiviano sleeping with black men . Referring to Johnson , Sterling purportedly said : "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me . And do n't bring him to my games . " Sterling also said , according to TMZ : "  You can sleep with  black people  . You can bring them in ; you can do whatever you want . The little I ask you is not to promote it on that ... and not to bring them to my games . " One apparent source of friction , according to the pair on the TMZ tapes , was the man 's view that she "  was perceived as either a Latina or a white girl , " and that people were calling him with negative reactions to her pictures with black people . "  People call you and tell you that I have black people on my Instagram , and it bothers you , " the woman said . "  Yeah , it bothers me a lot if you want to ... broadcast that you 're associating with black people . Do you have to ? " the man TMZ identified as Sterling responded . The TMZ release triggered a firestorm that led to Sterling 's lifetime ban from the NBA and a $ 2.5 million fine . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has asked the other 29 owners to force Sterling , the longest-tenured owner in the league , to sell the Clippers . More from Friday 's tape : ' I know I 'm wrong ' In the new tape , the man RadarOnline identifies as Sterling says he was wrong . "  I know I 'm wrong , what I said was wrong . But I never thought a private conversation would go anywhere out to the public , " the man says . "  I did n't want her to bring anybody to my game because I was jealous . I mean , I 'm being honest , " he continues . In a recording that RadarOnline released Thursday -- again featuring someone it says is Sterling talking to an unidentified man -- Sterling allegedly denies he 's a racist . "  You think I 'm a racist ? " a man purported to be Sterling says . "  You think I have anything in the world but love for everybody ? You do n't think that . You know I 'm not a racist . " A second man in that tape says , "  they 're trying to force you to sell . " "  You ca n't force someone to sell property in America , " Sterling purportedly says . "  Well , I 'm a lawyer ; that 's my opinion . " The matter of the team 's sale is with the NBA 's Advisory/Finance Committee , which met Wednesday in a conference call . Members discussed the "  termination of Mr. Sterling 's ownership of the team , " the NBA said in a news release . The committee will meet again next week , the statement said . If the case proceeds to a full vote , 75 % of the owners would have to approve the forced sale . Wife wants to retain her ownership share However , an attorney for Donald Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , said Friday on CNN 's "  Situation Room " that she wants to keep her 50 % stake in the team and they have been talking by phone with NBA officials . "  She wants to remain a passive owner , " said attorney Pierce O'Donnell . "  She 's not going to want to manage the team . She 's going to want a very skilled , professional , well-heeled new owner to come in and replace Donald , " O'Donnell said . "  She only wants to own the team in her lifetime . She 's 79-years-old . At this point , she 's earned it . She 's been an owner for 33 years , and she 's an avid fan . " Technically , the team is now owned by the Sterling family 's trust , with Donald and Shelly Sterling serving as co-trustees . Their two children are named as beneficiaries . During a news conference announcing Sterling 's lifetime ban , the NBA 's Silver was asked whether there would be sanctions against Shelly Sterling . "  No , there have been no decisions about other members of the Sterling family , and I should say that this ruling applies specifically to Donald Sterling and Donald Sterling 's conduct only , " Silver said . Shelly Sterling has n't done anything wrong and will fight any effort to try to force her to sell her stake in the team , O'Donnell said . She has not violated the "  the bylaws and constitution of the NBA , " he said . " ... The last thing I saw that being a wife of a reviled co-owner is not one of them . " He described the calls by fans and players to force his client to sell her share as "  mob psychology . " "  I think it 's preposterous to think that players under contract who make tens of millions of dollars a year are going to boycott because a 79-year-old woman , a passive owner of the team who does n't manager , is sitting in the stands , " O'Donnell said . "  It 's ridiculous . " O'Donnell said Shelly Sterling has denounced her husband 's comments . The Sterlings have not lived together for more than a year . Shelly Sterling is "  weighing her options " as to whether she wants a divorce , O'Donnell said . He also said she categorically denied making any racist statements , as alleged in court documents filed when the couple was sued for discrimination at their apartment buildings . O'Donnell said those allegations were retracted , and the court ultimately decided in favor of the Sterlings . Although her husband is banned from NBA arenas , Shelly Sterling has attended some of the Clippers playoff games since the scandal unfolded . Opinion : Sterling vs. the NBA : Who has the edge ?	Donald Sterling 's wife vows to fight any effort to force her to sell , attorney says RadarOnline releases another purported audio recording of Sterling The Clippers owner allegedly says he was jealous that V. Stiviano was with black men "  I 'm trying to have sex with her . I 'm trying to play with her , " man purported to be Sterling says
CNN  -- Just as the sun peeked over the horizon , Brian Fuchs arrived at work . Eight floors up , he opened a Diet Coke , looked out his office window at the frozen Nebraska plains and smiled . Maybe the rest of America is tired of this winter 's punishing snows , but Fuchs and his colleagues are thrilled . "  Yeah , realistically we do like seeing that snow accumulation , " he says , "  because that water will go into the water cycle . There is a lot of moisture going into lakes and reservoirs and that is a good thing . " Fuchs is with the National Drought Mitigation Center based in Lincoln . For the past decade , the center staff has watched dry conditions hurt farming , tourism and even city water supplies , so they can see good in this winter 's storms , and even in the catastrophic floods that ravaged Colorado in September . Last year at this time , well over half the country was in drought . "  Now , it 's 37.6 % , " Fuchs says , "  so we 've had some improvement over that time . " Whether a big snowfall is seen as lovely , treacherous or both depends , like beauty , on the beholder . Certainly , millions of Americans who have been pounded by storms are not pleased . Schools have lost days of education , airlines have lost millions of dollars , cars have been wrecked , houses plunged into darkness , and the entire industry of Valentine 's Day has been thrown into a heart stopping tailspin . I ca n't even guess how many young lovers in the East were scrambling to find flowers and chocolates after being snowed in for the critical days before the holiday . It could be worse , of course . Modern meteorology gives us better warning about bad weather than mankind has ever known . Sure , the Al Roker - Bill de Blasio dustup suggests there is still room for disagreement about forecasts . But back in 1888 , when the U.S. Weather Bureau was in its infancy , an unexpected blizzard on the Great Plains left more than 200 people dead , many of them children who were trying to get home from rural schools . It was a national tragedy , unimaginable today . Yet greatness grows beneath the drifts , too . At the same time as that disaster in the West , some of Europe 's greatest impressionist painters were enthralled with winter scenes . Monet , Renoir , Gaugin , Pissarro , Sisley and many others stood in the freezing cold to capture landscapes of snow and ice . Although the whites , blues and grays of the winter scenes are often overlooked even by art enthusiasts , who tend to favor the bold colors of spring and summer , the artists themselves were fascinated by the delicate interplay of light on the luminous , frozen surfaces . Well before the impressionists took off , acclaimed painter Frederic Edwin Church , from Connecticut , unveiled a winter masterpiece . "  The Icebergs " is huge , powerful and cools the Dallas Museum of Art even on the steamiest days . The Russians , of course , would love to have more snow at Sochi , where soaring temperatures have threatened to turn ski slopes into mudslides . But in Moscow , at the famed Tretyakov Gallery , one of the world 's most treasured paintings is a winter scene . No one knows the identity of the beautiful young woman riding in a sleigh in Ivan Kramskoi 's "  Portrait of an Unknown Woman , " but it captures something of the rare spirit of people around the world who find beauty and contentedness living in cold climes . Brutal snow and cold have informed many of the arts , and sometimes in ways that produce visceral reactions . Read Jack London 's short story , "  To Build a Fire , " about a man freezing to death in the Yukon , and chances are you 'll start to shiver . Recall the frosted face of Jack Nicholson at the end of "  The Shining , " and the cold fairly seeps into your bones . Science also enjoys the cold . Core samples of ice from the poles tell us volumes about climate change , natural history and perhaps even the origins of the Earth itself . Tiny bubbles , sealed in the ice , allow us to sample the air of the ancients . Mammoths and men alike , frozen in time , have been preserved in remarkable ways , giving us glimpses of life on Earth long , long ago . In the early 1990s , a German couple hiking around the Alps found the head and shoulders of a frozen man poking up from the ice . Turns out he was something of a time traveler . Researchers concluded he died during the Bronze Age , some 3,000 years before Christ . Yet the perpetual winter of the mountains preserved him so well , scientists knew he ate venison not long before dying , and they could even tell the color of his eyes . Brown . Greatness has come in from the cold . Polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton 's ship , The Endurance , was crushed by Antarctic ice in the early 1900s . His expedition was a failure . But the daring journey he and his men made in an open boat to escape the savage cold made him into a hero . Like I said , as hard as this winter has been , it 's all in how you see it . So , with much of the West still hurting for water , maybe it 's not surprising that back in Lincoln , Brian Fuchs and his pals look at reports of blizzards blanketing much of the nation and say , "  From our perspective here , we wish we 'd seen a little bit more . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Foreman .	Tom Foreman : Snow has many benefits , especially for the drought-stricken Midwest Winter has been the subject for many artists , from Monet to Renoir Snow and ice serve as important indicators for scientists
CNN  -- With his opinion for a narrow majority of the Supreme Court , upholding major provisions of the Affordable Care Act , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. has , for the first time since his confirmation as chief justice in 2005 , breached the gap between the conservative and liberal wings of the court on a polarizing political issue . News : Legal scholars unsurprised by Roberts In doing so , he has jettisoned his reputation as a predictable conservative vote on controversial issues , such as campaign finance reform and affirmative action , that have been decided by a divided court . Roberts , in finding the critical provisions of the Affordable Care Act constitutional , has followed the example of his predecessor , Chief Justice Charles Evan Hughes , who led the court during the tumultuous constitutional battles over President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal legislation . Hughes , like Roberts , sometimes found narrow grounds to uphold New Deal legislation and , as a result , cautiously steered the court away from the public perception that justices voted according to their political values , not constitutional principle . Chief Justice Hughes , and now Chief Justice Roberts , demonstrated that they placed a high value on projecting the image of the court as a nonpartisan judicial institution that upholds the rule of law and is above partisan politics . Hughes skillfully worked to promote the court 's public image as nonpartisan , not just in his narrow opinions , but , dramatically , in defending the justices against FDR 's attacks and his court-packing plan . Later , in grudging admiration , Roosevelt said that Hughes was "  the best politician in the country . " That was hardly the way Hughes would have chosen to be remembered , but there was much truth in the president 's remark . In June 2012 it may be said that Chief Justice Roberts , like Hughes , has employed political as well as judicial skills in his role as the leader of the Supreme Court . News : Emotions high after Supreme Court upholds health care law Roberts surprised almost everybody , including constitutional pundits and members of the Obama administration , when he announced Thursday 's decision upholding the Affordable Care Act 's most controversial provision , the individual mandate , under Congress ' power to tax . Judges on the lower federal courts who passed judgment on the Affordable Care Act , as well as both the challengers and defenders of the law in the Justice Department , focused their arguments on Congress ' authority to regulate interstate commerce . The chief justice , after rejecting the administration 's Commerce clause argument , turned to the more general power of Congress to tax . And tellingly , he declared that the court was obligated to uphold a law as constitutional if there were reasonable grounds to do so , even if there were alternative grounds to strike it down . In this respect , the chief justice 's opinion was a model of judicial restraint , a term that has not frequently been used to describe the Roberts court . The chief justice pointedly wrote that the court did not pass judgment on the wisdom of the law , only its constitutionality . The distinction Roberts made between what may be wise , or even good public policy , and what the Constitution allows , has always been a hallmark of judicial restraint . When the Hughes court in the 1930s , led by four ideological conservatives , struck down major pillars of the New Deal , dissenters accused the justices in the majority of substituting their political judgment for that of popularly elected branches of the federal government . News : By the numbers : Health care insurance Though Chief Justice Hughes sometimes voted with the court conservatives , he demonstrated , time and again , that he understood the distinction between the role of the political branches of the federal government and that of the court , which is obligated only to rule on the constitutionality of a statute . Today , Chief Justice Roberts , like Hughes  whom he is known to admire  , has again struck a blow for judicial restraint and integrity . As a result of Thursday 's decision , the ultimate fate of the Affordable Care Act does not reside with a majority of the life-tenured members of the court , but with the political branches of federal government and the American voters . In a representative democracy , this is exactly where the responsibility should be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Simon .	James Simon : Chief justice breached gap between court 's conservative , liberal wings He says Roberts upended reputation as predictable conservative , like a predecessor He says FDR-era Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes also kept politics out of decisions Simon : Roberts left fate of law with political branches and voters , where it belongs
CNN  -- Good luck stopping the phenomenon that is One Direction . According to Forbes , the group has announced 2015 summer tour dates just two months after their highly successful Where We Are Tour ended . The aptly titled On the Road Again Tour will travel across Europe and the U.S. "  The band will be playing a few of the same stadiums they did during ` Where We Are , ' including Gillette Stadium , MetLife Stadium and Lincoln Financial Field , " Forbes reports . "  However , many of the stops on upcoming tour are new such as Santa Clara 's Levi 's Stadium , Seattle 's CenturyLink Field and Columbus ' Ohio Stadium , which has a capacity over 104,000 . " This will be music to the ears of the tweens and teens who were n't able to snag tickets last time around . But it 's probably not so great for the parents who may have to foot the bill , which averaged over $ 100 per ticket . Last year , the group was predicted to become the first boy band worth $ 1 billion , thanks in part to the tour and their film "  This Is Us . " With so much boy band heat , could there be a further resurgence ? We 're looking at you , * NSYNC .	The boy band announces On the Road Again Tour The summer 2015 tour will hit some new venues Business Insider predicts the group will be worth $ 1 billion
CNN Student News  -- April 28 , 2014 Headlines from South Korea , Vatican City and Ukraine lead off the week 's first edition of CNN Student News . We 're wrapping up our Financial Literacy Month coverage by defining a college savings plan , and we 're looking at the science behind tornadoes as the storm season ramps up in the U.S. On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What are some ways in which news media might play a role in storm preparedness ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . prime minister 2 . Enhanced Fujita scale 3 . 529 Savings Plan Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are some events that have followed the sinking of a ferry off the coast of South Korea ? What high-ranking government official has resigned ? What reason has he given for this action ? 2 . In what ways was history made yesterday in the Roman Catholic Church ? What two popes were declared saints ? How did Pope Francis describe these men ? 3 . According to the video : What signs indicate that Ukraine may be "  bracing itself for war " ? In a nationally televised speech , what did Ukraine 's prime minister say about recent actions by Russia ? How has President Obama responded to the heightened tensions in Ukraine ? Who are Russian leaders accusing of "  orchestrating " the crisis ? 4 . What is "  Tornado Alley " ? Where is it located ? What factors combine to make this region especially prone to tornado activity ? How does tornado activity from this past March compare to that of other years ? According to the video , what may be one reason for this ? 5 . What is the purpose of a 529 Savings Plan ? According to the video , what advantage does this method of saving for college have over a traditional savings account ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think that the international community should respond to the current situation in Ukraine ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 2 . Do you live in an area that has experienced tornadoes ? If so , how does your school and community prepare for these storms ? What are some things that you and your family can do to be prepared for violent storms ? 3 . Are you planning to go to college ? If so , what steps are you and your family taking to pay for college costs ? Where do you think is a good place to start that process ? Whom might you talk to about your options ? What online resources might you consult ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republicans narrowly blocked Democratic campaign finance disclosure legislation in the Senate Tuesday after raising concerns the bill would curb freedom of speech and tilt campaign spending in favor of the Democrats . A 57-41 vote fell short of the 60 votes needed for the Senate to cut off debate on the measure . Republicans unanimously opposed the measure while Democrats solidly backed it . Democrats said the legislation -- known as the DISCLOSE Act -- would bring greater transparency to campaign contributions from corporations , labor unions , and other special interests , which were able to ramp up political spending in the wake of the Supreme Court 's controversial ruling in Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission earlier this year . The bill would require organizations paying for political advertising to disclose the names of their top donors in the ads , similar to what now is required of political candidates for federal office . Republicans accused Democrats of trying to preserve their majorities in the House and Senate by skewing the rules in the favor of labor unions , trial lawyers , and other Democratic-leaning groups . Democrats denied that was their motive , and made certain changes to the bill last week aimed at satisfying GOP critics . The Republicans were not mollified . Democrats "  fear the righteous judgment of the American people in this coming election , " warned Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , who spearheads the Senate Republicans ' election effort . "  So they 're trying to change the rules in the middle of the game to suppress the speech of those who might disagree " with them . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , slammed the bill as a "  partisan effort , pure and simple . " "  This bill is about protecting incumbent Democrats from criticism ahead of this November 's election , " he said . It 's an "  all-out assault on the First Amendment . " Democrats accused Republicans of going back on their pledge to find a way to add transparency to political giving after the Citizens United ruling . They argued that without the new law , special interests will run roughshod over voters ' interests . "  The Supreme Court decision was a true step backwards for this democracy , " said Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington . "  It allowed corporations and special interest groups to spend unlimited amounts of their money influencing our democracy and it opens the door wide for foreign corporations to spend their money on elections right here in the United States . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said the bill was "  about trust and confidence in our democracy . " The measure "  asks us to put the people before the special interests , " he argued . Let in "  the sunlight that disinfects our democracy . " Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , who often votes with Democrats and who has worked on campaign finance legislation in the past , complained Democrats were resorting to "  ram and jam " legislating in which Republicans are not invited to help craft bills and are forced to vote against measures they could have supported . "  I know it 's good for politics to have a vote , but it is n't good for policy and getting it right , " she said . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , promised that the Democratic leadership will continue to seek ways to overturn or reduce the impact of the high court 's Citizens United ruling . "  This is a sad day for our democracy , " he said . "  This fight will continue . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Republicans accuse Democrats of an "  assault on the First Amendment " The Senate GOP stops Democrats from ending debate on a campaign finance bill The bill would require groups paying for ads to disclose their top donors in the ads Democrats claim the bill is necessary to reduce the impact of a Supreme Court ruling
Washington  CNN  -- Taxes , religion and education -- this politically charged trifecta divided the Supreme Court on Wednesday in a case involving a state school choice program . At issue is a lawsuit challenging Arizona 's tax breaks for voluntary donations benefiting private school scholarships . The 13-year-old program provides dollar-for-dollar income tax breaks for money given to "  school tuition organizations , " or STOs . Some Arizona taxpayers challenged the program as unconstitutional because , they say , not-for-profit religious organizations award most of the scholarships , and require children to enroll in religious schools . Those opponents say the state has effectively been funneling taxpayer money to religious schools through a third-party "  front " group . The justices appeared torn over whether that represented a de facto "  endorsement " of religion by Arizona . "  The state could not give tuition vouchers on the basis of religion -- could not say , if you are a Catholic you do n't get these tuition vouchers , " said Justice Elena Kagan , who was impressive in her command of the complex issues argued . "  But what the state has done here , apparently , is to set up a scheme that uses intermediaries that can make exactly that distinction , that can say -- sorry , if you are a Catholic you do n't get scholarships out of our STO . " One key issue for the court is whether the tax credit means the donated amount is the government 's money or an individual 's . "  There is a very important philosophical point here . You think that all the money belongs to the government , except to the extent that it deigns to allow private people to keep some of it , " Justice Samuel Alito told a lawyer for the taxpayer plaintiffs . "  They do n't owe it to the government if they have made this contribution . That 's the whole point . " Besides the church-state questions , the high court must decide whether individual residents have "  standing " to sue the state , even if they do not donate to the scholarship program . That could be the key legal point the justices decide to tackle , aside from the larger state-action debate . The growing popularity of school choice plans around the country has raised fresh legal questions about whether Arizona 's plan is religion-neutral , and whether parents have true decision-making power , free from government intervention . A federal appeals court ruled the decade-old lawsuit could proceed . In 2002 , the Supreme Court separately upheld school voucher programs . Supporters of the Arizona aid program say theirs is no different from the Cleveland program approved eight years ago , because in both cases , government does not direct any money to religious schools . Arizonans can receive a $ 500 credit  $ 1,000 for a couple filing jointly  off their state income taxes for contributions to school tuition organizations , which operate as charities . These organizations must spend at least 90 percent of money received on scholarships , and must offer them to students at more than one school . Parents would apply for the tax-credit funded scholarships at either a religious or secular school . State figures show more than 50 school tuition organizations had received about $ 400 million in contributions through last year . In 2009 the program provided 27,000 scholarships to 373 schools , with most going to students who would not have been able to afford to attend . An Arizona Republic newspaper investigation found that of the $ 54 million in scholarships awarded in 2008 , 93 percent went to students attending religious schools . Four Arizona taxpayers had sued the state and some of the largest school tuition organizations . The plaintiffs are represented by various outside groups including the American Civil Liberties Union . In oral arguments , the divided bench struggled over whether these four Arizona taxpayers could claim they were directly affected by how the scholarship money was spent , and whether the program was funded by money from the government or private contributors . Arguing for the Obama administration , Acting Solicitor General Neal Katyal defended the state program , saying parents ultimately control where the scholarship money is spent . "  If you placed an electronic tag to track and monitor each cent that the -LSB- suing taxpayers -RSB- pay in tax , not a cent , not a fraction of a cent , would go into any religious school 's coffers , " he said . Several left-leaning justices appeared unconvinced . Echoing the arguments of the taxpayer plaintiffs , Justice Sonia Sotomayor said , "  Either you pay it to the state -LSB- in taxes -RSB- or you use it for this -LSB- school -RSB- purpose , but it 's the state 's money and it 's given you by its largesse , the right to redirect it . " "  Does anyone have standing , in your view , to challenge this scheme ? " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg asked the government lawyer . "  The Establishment Clause will be unenforceable unless we recognize taxpayer standing . " "  Suppose that an STO -- this is a hypothetical case -- discriminated on the basis of race . No Hispanic or no white or no black can receive our money , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy , who could well prove the deciding vote in this appeal . "  Do n't you think a strong argument can be made that it can be attributed to the state , " allowing a private individual discrimination claim to be made . "  The state has all sorts of rules about what an STO has to be . The state provides the mechanism through the credit for the funding . " Kagan added , "  There are STOs that make these distinctions that clearly would be impermissible if the state administered the program . " Paul Bender , attorney for the plaintiffs by contrast , faced tough questioning from several conservative justices over the state action . "  How is it discriminating on the basis of religion if the STO does n't care whether it goes to a religious school or not ? It 's treated the same ? " asked Chief Justice John Roberts . "  That does n't matter . If the state 's grantee cares , that 's unconstitutional , " said Bender , an Arizona State University professor . "  This is a government spending program . Is there any doubt about that ? The money in this program is not private charitable contributions . " "  It 's a great leap to say that it 's government funds , that any money the government does n't take from me because it gives me a deduction , is government money , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  This money has never been in the government 's coffers . The government has declined to take this money . " Taxpayers are generally limited in their ability to claim constitutional wrongdoing over government spending . A special class was carved by the high court 42 years ago for some kinds of disputes related to the First Amendment 's prohibition on government "  establishment of religion . " The current cases are Arizona Christian School Tuition Org . v. Winn  09-987  and Garriott v. Winn  09-991  . A ruling is expected sometime next year .	Arizona gives tax credits for money donated for private school scholarships Four taxpayers filed suit , saying this amounts to government aid to religious schools Justice Anthony Kennedy could be the deciding vote on a split court
CNN  -- I am extremely blessed . My unborn son , Claiborne , is due just before Father 's Day this year . His pending birth motivated me to get an annual physical six months ago , a checkup I had avoided for three years . When my physician , Dr. Kenneth Kennedy , asked whether I wanted a prostate-specific antigen test , I agreed , despite the $ 150 out-of-pocket charge . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force advises against routine prostate cancer screenings . The debate over the necessity of these tests is ongoing in research labs and doctor 's offices across America . Despite the controversy , a good friend of mine , who also happens to be a doctor , told me to always have my PSA levels screened after age 40 . His belief is that there are still many men who are diagnosed in their 40s and that if executive health programs include the PSA test for men beginning at that age , then the test should be done , regardless of government guidelines and/or family history of cancer . Prostate cancer screening remains common My PSA test results were higher than normal , not indicating certain cancer but suggesting the need for a biopsy , which I chose to do right away . It was an ordinary workday when I got a call from Dr. Haden Lafaye . I tried joking about his Hai Karate aftershave but was cut short : My biopsy results had come back positive for high-risk prostate cancer . I 'm a 47-year-old husband and father of one -- with another on the way -- and the results came as a complete shock . I had no symptoms , and up until this point , I thought I was healthy as a horse . How was I going to tell my pregnant wife that I had prostate cancer ? After tests , blood draws and CT scans , my urologist , Dr. Surena Matin , told me that my cancer was localized , and we scheduled my da Vinci Prostatectomy -- a minimally invasive treatment for prostate cancer in which the surgeon uses a "  robot " as the vehicle to remove the prostate . My incredible team of doctors diagnosed the cancer so early and did such an expert job removing my prostate that I did n't need any additional cancer treatment . No radiation . No hormone therapy . I was cancer-free . I was stunned . This Father 's Day , I urge dads everywhere to schedule an annual checkup . The dads I know are always there for their families -- sometimes , at the expense of their own health . The men I know do n't like talking about doctors and checkups , especially when it comes to an illness that can profoundly affect their masculinity . I 'm hoping that by sharing my story , I can change perceptions about prostate cancer and reinforce the fact that we are all responsible for our own well-being . In my case , if I had n't visited my doctor six months ago for an annual checkup , I believe that I would not have as many Father 's Days to spend with my wonderful family and new son .	Father of one , with one on the way , urges dads to get a checkup Government guidelines advise against routine prostate cancer screenings Andrew Webster says the PSA test saved his life
CNN  -- The riskiest , trickiest , friskiest movie you can see right now happens to be a documentary . Do n't let that put you off . This is the story of an ambitious European entrepreneur who buys himself diplomatic immunity for less than $ 200,000 . That would be Danish agent provocateur Mads Brugger , who greases several palms in a bid to get himself appointed the Liberian ambassador to the Central African Republic . And why would anyone want to do that ? Well , if you think Liberia could use some governmental oversight , wait until you see what goes on in the Central African Republic . While most of the populace is mired in poverty , let 's not forget that this former French colony is also home to some of the world 's richest diamond fields  which is where diplomatic status proves an invaluable investment  . We 're used to seeing intrepid reporters digging out a story , but bribing officials to smuggle out blood diamonds ? That 's not something Robert Redford would have done , surely ? Brugger is short and bald , very white , and with a ginger goatee . In his previous film , "  The Red Chapel , " he sneaked a peek into North Korea under the guise of filming a theatrical troupe on a cultural exchange . Here he dresses the part of a colonial martinet : tight jackets , jodhpurs , riding boots , and even affects a cigarette holder . He makes "  humorous " remarks about Hitler in an effort to ingratiate himself with his new friends -- a ploy that works quite well , actually -- and liberally distributes what he calls "  little envelopes of happiness " to smooth the way for his business proposal , a plan to build a match factory staffed by the country 's pygmy tribe . This is his cover story , a fig leaf for his smuggling plans , and an illustration of the kind of development that might genuinely help the indigenous peoples . But it 's also a cruel hoax on the pygmies he meets , collateral damage in his bid to expose their corrupt political masters and the international diplomatic classes who feed off them . Brugger is playing with dynamite here . The closest comparison may be Sacha Baron Cohen 's knife-edge satirical rubes . The film is often very funny even if you feel lousy about laughing -- except that Baron Cohen has n't put his own neck on the line like this . Central Africa can be a dangerous place at the best of times . For a long while Brugger is marooned there  his documentation has not come through , and in fairness to Liberia 's authorities , it never does  , and if he needs any reminder of what could go wrong , it all comes crashing home when one of his interviewees is assassinated . The movie 's last 20 minutes play like a real-life John le Carr spy thriller : The wheels start to come off the deceit and we have to wonder if he 'll be able to extricate himself without serious injury . "  The Ambassador " is a damning movie on almost every level . You might have serious reservations about his methods , but you ca n't fault the man 's nerve . It 's extraordinary just how many illicit conversations with important men Brugger manages to get on camera . Already the Liberian president has called for an inquiry , though there seems little likelihood of similar soul-searching in the Central African Republic . In any case , Brugger has given his testimony and issued his indictments , too .	The filmmaker plays at a game of deceit to uncover corruption Closest comparison may be Sacha Baron Cohen 's knife-edge satirical rubes "  The Ambassador " is a damning movie on almost every level
Washington  CNN  -- A 21-month investigation into allegations that the Federal Air Marshal Service has a hostile work environment -- rife with discrimination and retaliation -- has concluded that no "  widespread " problem exists , according to an internal government e-mail obtained by CNN . But , investigators also concluded , a large number of air marshals think those problems exist . The e-mail is the first glimpse into the long-awaited investigative report , which is scheduled to be released to the public on February 9 . Whistle-blowers in the air marshal 's Orlando , Florida , field office triggered the investigation in early 2010 when they alleged that supervisors used a "  Jeopardy! " - style whiteboard to demean and ridicule rank-and-file officers . The board contained derogatory terms to allude to gays , lesbians and African-Americans , they said . But the investigation grew to include other field offices and other accusations , and the Department of Homeland Security 's internal e-mail Tuesday said Office of Inspector General investigators have interviewed more than 300 DHS employees . While investigators have remained silent about their work , air marshals contacted by CNN say they provided evidence of a wide range of misconduct , including a supervisor who ran a private security business while at work , supervisors who perjured themselves in sworn testimony against subordinates , and instances of favoritism , racism , sexism and discrimination . A Federal Air Marshal Service spokeswoman declined to comment on the pending report and government e-mail Tuesday . But several air marshals said they are eager to read the report , and say they will dispute any conclusion that discrimination and retaliation are not widespread . "  We 're going to tear the report apart , " one air marshal , who asked not to be identified , said Tuesday . "  We 're going to take and review the report and we 're going to look at our conclusions , because we know what we gave them . " The internal DHS e-mail summarizes the report 's findings . "  The  OIG  concluded that there was no widespread discrimination or retaliation within  the Federal Air Marshal Service  , " it says . "  However , the report does suggest that a large segment of our workforce feels that retaliation and discrimination exists . " Supervisors have a responsibility to "  dispel " the perception that the service is rife with discrimination and retaliation , it continues . In addition to the normal investigative techniques , the OIG took the unusual step of surveying the air marshal workforce . The survey asked air marshals if favoritism ever played a role in promotions , job evaluations and mission assignments ; whether air marshals have ever been discriminated against or harassed on the job ; and whether they feel they can report misconduct without fear of retaliation . In August 2011 , the Department of Homeland Security declined a CNN Freedom of Information Act request for the survey results , saying that the documents involved an ongoing investigation . It also said the results could reveal the total number of air marshals , which is classified . A House committee has scheduled a hearing on the air marshals on Feb. 16 .	CNN obtained an internal DHS e-mail about a probe of the Federal Air Marshal Service E-mail : Probe found discrimination is n't "  widespread , " but many air marshals think it is Air marshals tell CNN they provided evidence of perjury , discrimination , other misconduct "  We 're going to tear the report apart , " says air marshal who asked not to be identified
CNN  -- There are few cities in the world blessed with a more beautiful setting than Seattle . It is surrounded by rugged green wilderness ; to the west the Olympic Mountains , to the east the volcanoes and glaciers of the Cascade Range , and all around the brisk waters of the Northwest . The Space Needle dominates the Seattle skyline . Over the years , Seattle has inspired a number of nicknames . It 's not hard to understand why some refer to it as "  Rain City , " but visit when the sun is shining , when lakes Union and Washington are sparkling under a blue sky and majestic Mount Rainier is visible in the distance , and you 'll realize that "  Emerald City " is the most appropriate of its monikers . Seattle started out as a logging town , grew as a stop-off point for gold prospectors at the end of the 19th century , and earned another nickname , "  Jet City " , when plane manufacturer Boeing rose to prominence in the 1950s and 60s . At the height of its powers , Boeing employed some 100,000 locals and the Jet City remained a solidly working-class town until the 80s , when local startup Microsoft started making a name for itself . As Microsoft grew into the behemoth it is today , other tech firms such as Amazon.com and Nintendo were drawn to the city , bringing with them a wave of young , educated and affluent workers . Seattle began to shake off its blue-collar roots and in recent years its cultural credentials have been boosted by the addition of the Olympic Sculpture Park and a showpiece public library , while the acclaimed Seattle Symphony , Opera and Pacific Northwest Ballet have all moved into impressive new buildings in the last decade . Some resent Seattle 's gentrification , bemoaning the near-gridlocked traffic and arguing that the city 's most interesting neighborhoods have lost their individuality to the property developers . But if you spend some time in neighborhoods like Capitol Hill or Fremont , the self-proclaimed "  Center of the Universe , " you 'll find there 's still plenty of the native free spirit in evidence . It was that free spirit that gave birth to Grunge , the post-punk guitar noise that came out of the city in the early 90s , when local bands Soundgarden , Pearl Jam and Nirvana became international stars . Now Grunge is just a memory , but in popular culture it remains as much of a symbol of the city as the Space Needle , the persistent drizzle and the excellent , ubiquitous , coffee shops . Despite its rapid growth , Seattle has kept its trees and parks and many areas maintain an almost suburban feel . The city and its residents are laidback and liberal , and that famous free spirit is as at home in the great outdoors as in Seattle 's boho neighborhoods . As a modern , civilized outpost among outstanding natural spectacle , the place once known as the "  Queen City of the Northwest " still reigns supreme .	Seattle has been known as "  Jet City , " "  Rain City , " and "  The Emerald City " It has a great location , surrounded by mountains , lakes and fantastic scenery The city boasts a symphony orchestra , and ballet and opera companies
CNN  Before you fly this holiday season , do n't forget to remove your gun from your carry-on bag . Not remembering could get you in trouble . The U.S. Transportation Security Administration has seized a record 2,000 firearms from carry-on luggage this year , as of December 1 . That 's more than the TSA has ever seized in any other full year of its existence . And we still have another month to go . "  The vast majority of passengers have no nefarious intent but forgot their firearm in their carry-on bag , " TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein wrote in an email . Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport security has seized the most guns this year , with 109 guns as of December 1 . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is in second place with 93 gun seizures , and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is in third place with 73 gun seizures . Forgetting can be costly . Passengers whose guns are spotted by TSA security during the screening process can be arrested by airport or local police and face criminal charges , and the TSA can impose civil penalties . And TSA Pre-check members can be temporarily or permanently banned from the expedited screening program . "  It is a reminder that passengers should check their personal belongings before arriving at the TSA checkpoint , to ensure they do not have any prohibited items in their possession , " Feinstein said . In 2013 , the TSA seized 1,813 guns , up from 1,556 in 2012 and 1,320 seized in 2011 . The agency seized 1,123 guns in 2010 , 976 guns in 2009 , 926 guns in 2008 , 803 guns in 2007 and 821 guns in 2006 . If you need your gun at your final destination , do n't just drop it into your suitcase and check that bag to your mom 's house . Go to www.tsa.gov to find the TSA rules to follow for checking firearms and other weapons . There are also state and local weapons laws that vary by jurisdiction . And it 's not just about real guns . The TSA does n't want you to attempt bring your firearm replicas , special gravy , cranberry sauce or super-special snow globes through passenger screening this December . Check them , ship them ahead of time or consider making your special sauce once you arrive . Pies and cakes can go through passenger screening but may be subject to secondary screening . And a horror for Santa-believing parents everywhere : Presents may be unwrapped . Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013	The TSA says it has seized 2,000 guns this year Most people probably forget their guns are in carry-on bags Follow TSA rules for including your guns in checked luggage
Niwot , Colorado  CNN  -- Crocs , the distinctive colorful clogs loved and hated in equal measure , first hit stores in 2004 and were an immediate hit . By 2007 , the Colorado-based company was selling 50 million pairs a year , reaching $ 850 million in sales . Then it all went south . The economic collapse in 2008 , combined with a saturated market , created what Crocs CEO John McCarvel described as a "  perfect confluence of events . " "  Too many people have the same product , selling it to the same consumers , and just our inability to evolve as a brand caused a turn of fortunes in the business , " he said . The company was hit hard . In one year , it went from a $ 200 million profit to a $ 200 million loss in 2008 . There were too many Crocs in too many stores , and some people had grown weary of the comfortable , but not exactly fashion-forward , design . By early 2009 , the company was almost out of cash and struggling to make payroll . It needed to find a way to attract new customers . "  We had to innovate our way out of the situation we had put ourselves in , " McCarvel said . In other words , the company would have to expand beyond its classic clogs if it was going to survive . "  I think you do get to the point where maybe everybody has a red and a blue and a black pair and they are looking for something else , and that was part of the strategy , " said Christy Saito , the company 's vice president of product design . "  We need to offer different looks for people because they ca n't wear the same thing every single day . " While Crocs clogs were undeniably popular , they were also scorned by fashionistas and people tired of seeing the colorful plastic shoes nearly everywhere . One hater started an I Hate Crocs blog , and another launched a Facebook page called "  I Do n't Care How Comfortable Crocs Are , You Look Like a Dumba ** " which has more than 1.6 million "  likes . " McCarvel is familiar with the criticism of the original Crocs design . "  When I first wore the shoes home ... my wife says to me , ` What are those ? Those are the ugliest shoes I 've ever seen , ' " he said . "  And you know there 's a certain truth to that . " But within the company , there was a notion that perhaps even critics could find something to love about Crocs . "  A lot of the haters did n't like the way other people looked in them , but they did maybe resent a little bit the comfort those people had and that they had the courage to go ahead and go out in public and wear them , " explained Dale Bathum , Crocs ' senior vice president of product . So the company set out to create a new line of shoes -- flats , wedges , sneakers , boat shoes , even winter boots -- that would be as comfortable as the clogs , but would appeal to more style-conscious consumers . "  It 's so funny , someone actually stopped me in a mall and said ` Where did you get those shoes ? I love them , ' and I said , ` These are Crocs , ' " Saito said . " -LSB- People -RSB- say , ` Oh my God , where can I buy these ? ' That 's the normal reaction we get from people , " she said . "  There has been hardly any resistance . " Crocs still sells plenty of its old-school clogs , but the new designs now account for 54 % of the company 's sales . "  Our main focus today is getting new customers to understand that we 're no longer just a clog , " McCarvel said . "  I think this is our biggest challenge as a brand today ... getting people to take a look at us in a different way . " To showcase the new shoes , Crocs has opened 120 stores in the United States and hopes to open another 100 stores this year . It is also expanding into new overseas markets , which now account for 65 % of sales . With the new designs leading the way , Crocs is back in the black . Last year , the company make $ 150 million in profits and $ 1 billion in total revenue . "  We 're a very young company , we 're barely 10 years old , " Saito said . " -LSB- These -RSB- ups and downs have taught us about how to compete and how to have a comeback . "	Colorful plastic Crocs clogs became wildly popular Colorado-based company reported $ 850 million in sales at its peak in 2007 Then , the company was hit hard by the 2008 economic collapse and a saturated market "  We had to innovate our way out of the situation we had put ourselves in , " Crocs CEO said .
CNN  -- Last week , Iraq 's second-largest city of Mosul fell to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . In a few hours , the city 's security forces had dropped their weapons and uniforms and fled . Since then , the militants introduced a political charter in Mosul and marched south , seizing additional towns en route to the capital , Baghdad . In taking Mosul alone , ISIS gained as much as $ 425 million in cash , an unspecified quantity of gold bullion , huge amounts of light and heavy weaponry  mostly U.S.-made  and probably hundreds of new recruits from three main detention centers , all which were overrun . This Iraq-based offensive has been coming for at least two years . After the last American military personnel withdrew from Iraq on December 31 , 2011 , the then-Islamic State in Iraq began its gradual but determined recovery -- befitting the organization 's mantra of baqiya wa tatamadad  "  lasting and expanding "  . The strategy was meticulously planned and carried out in clear stages . Principally , in Iraq these militants  ISIS since April 2013  have spent two years breaking senior leaders out of prison and re-establishing a professional command and control structure ; expanding operational reach , including into Syria , and exploiting rising Sunni discontent with the Shiite-led government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , thereby encouraging sectarianism . It has expanded extensive underground networks in Sunni strongholds , particularly Mosul , Baghdad and Anbar province ; stepped up coordinated , often near-simultaneous bombings ; and debilitated Iraqi security force capacity and morale through a concerted campaign of intimidation and assassination . ISIS has substantial roots in Mosul , where it managed to remain a potent force during and after the U.S. troop "  surge . " The group has recently been raising $ 1 million - $ 2 million per month in Mosul through an intricate extortion network . This reality , plus Mosul 's proximity to ISIS positions in eastern Syria , made the city a natural launching ground for this shock offensive in Iraq , which is ultimately aimed at Baghdad . But this is not all about ISIS . Many other armed Sunni actors are involved in what has become , in effect , a Sunni uprising -- groups such as the Jaysh Rijal al-Tariqa al-Naqshbandia , Jaish al-Mujahideen , Jamaat Ansar al-Islam , Al-Jaish al-Islami fil Iraq and various tribal military councils . ISIS may be the largest force involved  with about 8,000 fighters in Iraq  , but it is far from sufficient to take and hold multiple urban centers . It is still totally reliant on an interdependent relationship with what remains a tacitly sympathetic and facilitating Sunni population . But this "  relationship " is by no means stable and should not be taken for granted . The militant group has consistently failed to retain popular support , or at minimum , acceptance . Mosul residents might be praising the current stability and ISIS-subsidized bread and fuel prices , but once the public flogging , amputations and crucifixions begin , this may well change . In fact , it is not surprising that tribal elements are already preparing to force ISIS from captured areas . The militants ' prospects are also dependent on the government and its supporters continuing to advance sectarianism -- something that encourages Sunni actors to accept ISIS . Unfortunately , this apparent sectarianism has been consolidated in recent days with al-Maliki 's call for a "  volunteer army " encouraging the further reconstitution of the Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq , Jaish al-Mahdi and the Badr Brigades  three Shiite militias active during the U.S. occupation of Iraq , which appear to be receiving a new boost in recruitment  . Further calls by Muqtada al-Sadr to form "  Peace Battalions " and by the Shiite community in Diyala to form "  Peace Committees " -- as well as Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani 's call for Iraqis to take up arms against ISIS -- have increased the perception of sectarianism inside and outside Iraq . Iran 's role is crucial . Already , the commander of Iran 's external Quds Force , Qassem Suleimani , is in Baghdad , and Iraqi sources have reported 500 Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps personnel arriving in the capital and , allegedly , 1,500 Basij militiamen  Iranian paramilitary force  in Diyala . As such , it seems wise at this point for the United States not to get actively involved militarily in Iraq but to focus on containment and intelligence collection . The conflicts in Iraq and Syria are intricately linked -- to act on one and not the other would be a strategic misstep . Last week , the Iraqi insurgency was just that , an insurgency . Fighters carried assault rifles and drove pickups mounted with heavy machine guns , while others drove civilian cars and minivans . Anti-tank weaponry was minimal  but growing , thanks to Syria  , and anti-aircraft weapons were confined to guns and a small number of aging SA-7 man-portable air-defense systems . In addition to massive quantities of small arms and ammunition , this latest offensive has seen ISIS reportedly seize dozens of U.S.-made armored Humvees and military transport vehicles , American M198 howitzers and possibly even helicopters . There have been reports that other Sunni groups have seized more than a dozen armored personnel carriers and tanks . There can be no underestimating the impact this will have upon Iraqi instability . But this is not just about Iraq . Within 12 hours of seizing Mosul , there were reports that ISIS transferred Humvees , manpower and other weaponry into eastern Syria . Meanwhile , on Thursday , a human rights group reported that Syria-based al-Nusra Front crossed with other Sunni groups into Qaim in Iraq 's Anbar province and captured several Humvees . Opinion : Bush 's toxic legacy in Iraq The Iraq-Syria border is therefore increasingly immaterial -- conflict on both sides of the border has become inherently interconnected . As the only group genuinely operating on both sides of it , ISIS maintains an overarching strategy  aimed toward establishing a unitary Islamic State and the Levant  , whereby operations in Syria and Iraq feed off one another . Considering recent events and its march to Baghdad , this objective might not be so inconceivable . But beware of coming to too simplistic a conclusion . ISIS ' self-interested pursuit of its absolutist ideals has made it countless enemies in Syria , and it will face huge challenges to avoid a similar fate in Iraq . Nonetheless , whatever its fate , ISIS represents a formidable force with an ever growing membership . This latest offensive is arguably the most significant event in Sunni jihadism since 9/11 . Having already challenged al Qaeda 's ideological legitimacy , ISIS has now underlined its perceived military superiority to a receptive younger and more fanatical generation of potential recruits around the world . While al Qaeda and its affiliates are embracing a more patient locally focused strategy , ISIS manifests a determination for rapid , dramatic results . It 's certainly just shown these in Iraq . But whether this will prove a more effective long-term strategy remains to be seen .	Charles Lister : ISIS gaining recruits , cash and weapons in inevitable offensive in Iraq Lister : ISIS gains from what has become a Sunni uprising , but its ties to Iraq 's Sunnis unstable He says once ISIS brutality starts , support may change and ISIS will be forced back Lister : ISIS a formidable , fanatical force bent on rapid results but may fail in long term
CNN  -- Jon Sandusky , son of former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky , was arrested in North Dakota on suspicion of drunken driving by the Fargo Police Department , a jail official said . Authorities did not disclose additional information . But the North Dakota newspaper , The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead , said Sandusky was pulled over Tuesday morning for making an illegal turn . After field sobriety tests , Sandusky was arrested , the newspaper reported . Jon Sandusky is an executive with the Cleveland Browns football team . His father , Jerry Sandusky , 69 , was convicted in June 2012 on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . Jerry Sandusky 's effort to appeal his case was denied last week . Sandusky 's adopted son , Matt , and six other victims of the former Penn State assistant football coach finalized settlement agreements with the university , attorneys said in August . The amounts of the settlements are confidential .	Jon Sandusky was arrested on Tuesday His father , Jerry Sandusky , was convicted of dozens of counts of child sex abuse Jon Sandusky works for the Cleveland Browns
CNN  -- Police have arrested Scotland international striker Garry O'Connor on suspicion of possessing cocaine , according to the UK Press Association . The striker , who is currently without a club , has recently been training with Glasgow side Celtic and has played for Birmingham City in the English Premier League and Lokomotiv Moscow in Russia . He was allegedly caught with the Class A drug in the early hours of Saturday morning in the Scottish capital Edinburgh . O'Connor , who is from Edinburgh , was reportedly detained by police but released without charge pending further enquiries . After being released by Barnsley , who play in the second tier of English football , O'Connor has been training with Neil Lennon 's Celtic , who narrowly missed out on the Scottish title to city rivals Rangers on Sunday . He has 16 Scotland caps . The UK Press Association also reported that two players from Edinburgh club Hearts were allegedly caught with an illegal substance . It said Ian Black , 26 , and Robert Ogleby , 19 , had been detained on suspicion of possessing a Class A drug and later released . A spokeswoman for Lothian and Borders Police said : "  We had two people detained , both were cautioned and charged . "	Scotland international Garry O'Connor arrested on suspicion of possessing cocaine UK Press Association report striker was allegedly caught with the drug in Edinburgh O'Connor detained by police but released without charge pending further enquiries Two other Scottish players also allegedly caught with an illegal substance
CNN  -- When George McNeill went to bed Saturday , he did n't envision the round of his life the next day at The Greenbrier Classic . He had a lot on his mind . But that 's exactly what he did at the PGA event , shooting a career-low 61 -- including a hole-in-one on the 8th hole . With the sensational final day of the tournament at White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia , McNeill finished second to Angel Cabrera and qualified for golf 's next major , The Open Championship later this month in Merseyside , England . A memorable outing for sure . But it 's not the full story . The PGA had tweeted Sunday that McNeill was "  dealing with family health issues this week . " That was in reference to his older sister , Michele , 46 , who was dying from breast cancer , according to Jason Sobel of the Golf Channel . McNeill had already announced that he had withdrawn from the John Deere Classic , which starts Thursday , to be with his family . Michele died just 20 minutes before McNeill 's tee time , and he got the news after he finished his round . Afterward , he emotionally alluded to "  things going on elsewhere " and got choked up when interviewed by CBS analyst Peter Kostis . "  I know it 's really difficult , and I will not press the issue with you , but sometimes perspective comes in different forms , does n't it ? " Kostis asked . "  It does , " McNeill answered . "  Yeah , you go out and , you know , golf does n't really mean a whole lot , so it 's hard . I played good today , and I 'm glad to finish , and it was a nice middle part of the round . So like I said , golf does n't mean a whole lot sometimes . "	McNeill had a hole-in-one and shot 61 at The Greenbrier Classic But his splendid day is overshadowed by the death of his sister from cancer "  Golf does n't mean a whole lot sometimes , " McNeill said in an interview afterward
San Pedro Sula , Honduras  CNN  -- At the morgue in San Pedro Sula , the second largest city in Honduras , a grim new tally greets Dr. Hector Hernandez every morning . On Monday , the number was four . On Tuesday , five . Some are riddled with bullets ; in one case 72 bullet wounds . Others are bound by their hands and feet and strangled . The ceaseless river of bodies flowing through the morgue in San Pedro Sula is a sobering testament to one reason so many people leave Central America to risk it all on a long , perilous journey to the United States . In a country with rampant crime and little economic opportunity , even the prospect of a dangerous journey is overshadowed by the potential reward of a new life north of the border . Hernandez , the city 's director of forensic medicine , needs no reminder . One of the most troubling cases for him came in a week ago : a 13-year-old girl with her throat slit ear to ear . Her body was found in a shallow grave in a backyard . The circumstances of her death are still under investigation . Each body brought in tells of brutality and violence , of the city 's devastating gang activity . Fueled by the drug trade , rival gangs duel here for recruits , territory and cash . From January to June of this year , the city experienced 538 homicides . A gun was used in 423 deaths . It 's these tragic figures that have led to the city being dubbed "  the murder capital of the world . " The saddest room The small room where families learn of their loved ones ' fate has a crucifix , auditorium-style seats and a wall filled with pictures of the city 's missing . Sisters Albertina Eriquez and Suyapa Arguete sit in two of those seats . Their eyes are red and swollen with tears . A terrible call came over the weekend . Eriquez 's son and Arguete 's nephew , Jorge Villalobo , 24 , was found dead . His wife and three children , ages 12 , 6 and 2 , were on a Disney vacation in the United States , and Villalobo was to join them soon . A gunman or gunmen had another idea . Villalobo 's body was one of the four brought in Monday . Hernandez suspects Villalobo , a businessman who family members say fought extortion from the gangs , was robbed and died from gunshot wounds . The gangs are watching Hernandez does n't take chances with his own security . When he was promoted to his current position about a year ago , he was given two full-time bodyguards . His family left the city for their own protection . In fact , Hernandez says the mere act of claiming a body or attending a funeral can make people here a target for gang members who stalk the morgue and cemetery looking for their next mark . Forty-eight bodies are unclaimed at the morgue . After 30 days , they 'll be buried in the city 's public cemetery . DNA , dental records and fingerprints are retained for the day when a loved one shows up or a killer is caught . Leave or die Hernandez says he believes the situation is getting a bit better . In May , the worst month , the body tally hovered around nine per day , he said . Yet the fear pulsating through San Pedro Sula remains . Villalobo 's aunt says that people in the roughest neighborhoods leave Honduras because they "  do n't have another option . " Hernandez says he believes many families have n't claimed their loved ones ' bodies because they believe their family members have migrated . One day , they may learn the awful truth in one of the saddest places in San Pedro Sula . First group of Hondurans deported from new U.S. facility Honduran police : Man killed 4 siblings with machete CNNE 's Ana Melgar contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Honduran city has been dubbed "  the murder capital of the world " Fueled by the drug trade , rival gangs duel in San Pedro Sula for recruits , territory and cash From January to June of this year , the city had 538 homicides Even the city 's director of forensic medicine was given two full-time bodyguards
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Kepler Meo is n't nervous . As befits a singer playing a principal role in a major opera production , he suffers the last-minute adjustments to makeup , hair and wardrobe . Then finally he is left alone to prepare for this night 's performance of Benjamin Britten 's "  The Turn of the Screw . " Alone except for his mother . Michael Kepler Meo is just 12 years old . "  It 's really fun to sing , " the ` tween confides , as he runs through a series of scales and brief snatches of the music that he will soon be performing on stage . His voice is high , crisp and crystal clear . A boy soprano . And behind the voice is a power and control that seem almost alien in one so young . Los Angeles Opera Music Director James Conlon briefly peeks into the dressing room to wish young Meo good luck . "  Places please ... " echoes through the dressing rooms and sends Meo scurrying through a maze of backstage cables to the massive turntable stage that will soon deliver him to the spotlight . Michael 's professional singing career began just a couple of years ago . He had been singing in a boys ' choir in his native Portland , Oregon . It was one activity among many along with soccer and learning guitar . The Portland Opera company was holding auditions for "  The Turn of the Screw " and Michael 's choirmaster suggested he give it a try . "  I had a very vague idea even what opera was , " Michael remembers , "  All I got was the version I got in school of the fat lady singing . " Michael won the role of Miles , a troubled boy threatened by menacing ghosts in a rambling English country home . It is a pivotal role in the production . He also starred in the premier performance of "  The Golden Ticket , " an operatic version of "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . " Conlon says only a handful of boys are capable of taking on operatic roles . "  You have to find somebody whose voice is strong enough , and somebody who can sing at all levels with a very focused tone . And Michael fits all of those characteristics . " "  He was always making goofy noises all the time , from the time he was a toddler , " says Michael 's mother , Trudy Meo . Meo says she is n't sure where Michael came by his musical talent . "  I 'm not musical at all , " she says , "  When he sings I 'm almost useless in helping him . " An opera career has meant occasional separations from the rest of his family , as Michael and his mom travel the opera circuit . "  I do n't have too much contact with kids my age , " Michael says . "  I 'm always working with adults ... I miss that a little . But I think it 's worth it . " Michael works hard in rehearsals , enjoys the performances and loves the applause . "  He is lucky that he found something that he is so good at at so young an age , " says his mom . By almost any measure , Michael 's rise in the world of opera has been meteoric . As soon as his role in "  The Turn of the Screw " ends in Los Angeles , he 's off to New York and a New York City Opera production of "  Sance on a Wet Afternoon . " But how long can it last ? It wo n't be long before the boy soprano 's voice changes . What then ? It will be a challenge , but , "  It may be better , " Michael says . "  In opera you can sing even if you are old . " And Michael is already thinking about a whole new world of roles he could sing as an adult .	Michael Kepler Meo , 12 , performs pivotal role in "  The Turn of the Screw " He plays a troubled boy threatened by menacing ghosts in English country home L.A. Opera director : Only handful of boys have voices strong enough for opera Meo also had role in an operatic version of "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory "
Washington  CNN  -- The state dinner is Washington 's top fete . And over the years , the Obama administration has weathered the party crashing Salahis  $ " an incident which launched congressional scrutiny of White House security -- and a dinner-canceling snub from the Brazilian President last year after learning the United States was spying on her government . This White House has preferred to pare the pageantry in favor of quieter dinners with other world leaders . After all , state affairs , like the one set for Tuesday night for French President Francois Hollande , are glitzy and require huge guest lists and stodgier protocols . In fact , the Obamas have hosted just six state dinners , which is about the same number as George W. Bush . Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush threw more than 20 , and Ronald Reagan hosted 35 . Nonetheless , the state dinner , a tradition formalized under Ulysses S. Grant , is still a highly coveted social soiree . Here 's the scoop : Getting the details right : The White House social secretaries , State Department chief of protocol , first lady 's office and others all work together to ensure that everything from culturally appropriate menus are prepared and customs honored . During the Obama 's first state dinner for Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh guests ate red lentil soup with fresh cheese and a choice of entrees -- roasted potato dumplings with tomato chutney , chick peas and okra for vegetarians , or green curry prawns , among other items . Tables were adorned with magnolia branches -- from species native to both India and the United States . Of course , this is also the party that Michaele and Tareq Salahi managed to attend without an invitation , so sometimes details slip through the cracks . The attire : State dinners are black tie affairs complete with tuxedos and designer gowns . New York-based designer Naeem Khan created a one of a kind strapless gold and silver gown which first lady Michelle Obama donned during the administration 's first state dinner . For her first state dinner former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy wore "  wore a Grecian-style gown of pale yellow silk organza touched with brilliants , " according to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum . Not all of the attendees are fans of formal attire . Nikita Khrushchev , then-leader of the former Soviet Union , famously refused to wear tie and tails to the state dinner thrown in his honor by President Dwight Eisenhower . "  My husband would just as soon dress that way , too , if I 'd let him , " Mamie Eisenhower reportedly said . The setting : Well , the State Dining Room at the White House , of course . Tables are adorned with fine linen , china from presidencies past are often used , and the room is lit by gilded candelabras and chandeliers . Often , as in tonight 's fete , dinners are hosted in a large white tent on the South Lawn of the White House . The event is sort of the wonk world 's red carpet event and guests stream past a sea of cameras . The movie , "  The Butler , " a loosely factual account of the life Eugene Allen , a butler at the White House for 34 years and through eight administrations , shows Allen and his wife attending a state dinner hosted by the Reagans for West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . Scoring an invite : If you have to ask , you 're probably not on the list . The list is culled from recommendations from the President and first lady , top government officials , the Pentagon , members of Congress , the Supreme Court , and the State Department . Hollywood stars and community and business leaders are also often asked to attend . According to the White House website on state dinners , "  Behind the festive exterior of the social scene , the important business of government goes on -- information is gathered -- opinions exchanged -- powerful connections made and appearances upheld . For these reasons White House invitations are the most important and the most sought after in the nation 's social whirl . " A seat at the table : In the 1960s , Mrs. Kennedy dispensed with the long banquet tables of her predecessors in favor of round tables designed to give all guests an equal opportunity to rub elbows . It is a tradition that subsequent administrations have kept . The music : During the Obama administration state dinner guests have enjoyed music from such artists as Beyonc  , Rodrigo y Gabriela , John Legend and British folk-rockers Mumford & Sons . On Tuesday night , Mary J. Blige will entertain .	White House state dinners have a storied history The fetes are considered an opportunity to strengthen foreign ties State dinners are highly coveted events full of pomp and pageantry Recent Presidents have held fewer dinners than their predecessors
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe it 's been five years since Mumbai was rocked by terror attacks . Life goes on , the city continues its chaotic beat . The next news story replaces the last one , the cycle of life goes on . The date 26/11 is now a somber anniversary the city marks . But for many , it 's something much more personal . The newspapers here today are full of pictures of smiling couples and entire families who lost their lives during the attacks . They accompany messages of remembrance in ads placed their by surviving family members who miss them and grieve for them . Ten Pakistani men associated with the terror group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba stormed buildings and killed 164 people . Nine of the gunmen were killed during the attacks , one survived . Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving gunman , was executed in India last year One of the pictures I saw in a newspaper today that froze me was of a broken blue wall inside Chabad House , the building where Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife Rivka were killed . Their baby son , Moshe survived . My colleague , Sanjiv Talreja and I were the first journalists allowed inside Chabad House a few weeks after the carnage . It was the hardest assignment I have ever had . The place had n't been cleaned . Walls and windows were blown out , only half of the floors and ceilings remained . Blood stains splashed across the wall , grenade shells and bullets littered the crumbling floor . One thing that stopped me in my tracks though was a broken blue wall . It was in the room that baby Moshe occupied . His mother Rivka had marked his height on the wall , with the enthusiasm of any young mother watching her baby grow . Several little pencil lines marked every inch or two this young boy grew . I remember standing by this blue wall in 2008 , overcome with emotion , unable to get the cries of Moshe wailing for his mother out of my head . I had seen and heard him at a service at a synagogue a few days earlier . Moshe was saved by his Indian nanny , Sandra Samuel , who carried the boy through the gunfire and smoke to safety . Nanny credited with tot 's daring rescue Moshe is with his grandparents and his nanny in Israel . I think of this young boy often and I think of the families who lost loved ones during the attacks . My thoughts are with those who suffered bullet wounds , burns , trauma and injuries during the siege . Nanny who saved Israeli boy during Mumbai attack honored in Israel Mumbai continues to throb . But every year , on 26/11 , the city slows down a touch -- in remembrance and in solidarity . Mumbai attack survivor : ` It 's like a dead man living '	Five years ago Tuesday , a group of terrorists killed 164 people in Mumbai 10 Pakistani men with the terror group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba led the attack Kapur : Covering the aftermath "  was the hardest assignment I have ever had "
CNN  -- Ann Romney was magnificent last night addressing the Republican convention . She did everything that party strategists could have desired , presenting herself as an articulate and passionate advocate for her husband , who should now seem more "  likeable " than he did before her speech . Having once ghost-written words for men who ran for president  Eisenhower , Nixon , and Ford  , I admired the craftsmanship : "  His name is Mitt Romney , and you really should get to know him . " She proved herself a great salesperson . Yet he -- not she -- has the name on the November ballot for president of the United States . Similarly , we can admire Michelle Obama , but we will vote for or against her husband . As for Mrs. Romney 's reach : This was a convention speech , and conventions stopped being interesting to other than the political class when their outcomes stopped being surprising . Conventions attract the party 's faithful . In this election , the polls tell us that there are very few undecided voters . The vast majority of her listeners have already made up their minds . It was different before . My first conventions were in 1952 in Chicago , where both the Republicans and Democrats were meeting . I was a college student working there . When we entered the hall on Day One , we did not know who would be nominated on Day Three . Opinion : Ann Romney stole the show on opening night That was the last time this happened in American political history . The candidates : Dwight Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson . Not every home had a TV set , but every TV set stayed on far into the night . My hunch is that this could n't be claimed last night . When a long line of speakers preceded Mrs. Romney , my wife and I started channel-surfing . The convention had a lot of competition . Candidates ' wives have been a force -- not a factor -- since Lady Bird Johnson was given her own campaign bus and agenda in 1964 . It would have been unseemly to have asked Mamie Eisenhower to take to the road or Harry Truman 's Bess before her . Pat Nixon , a charming presence , smiled , laughed at the same joke that Dick told in every speech , and otherwise remained silent . Hillary Clinton was briefly a factor in 1992 when Bill announced , "  Buy one , get one free . " The suggestion was instantly shot down , and never resurrected . Politics : Romney gaining buzz among women on Facebook The genius of the American electorate is in how voters ultimately sort out what is necessary to make a decision , and what is not , discarding the detritus of evening news sound bites , and rhetoric regurgitated on late night panels during the country 's endless process of choosing a president . Ronald Reagan was not elected because of his memorable one-liners . "  There you go , again . " Nor was Michael Dukakis defeated because he looked silly riding around in a tank . It 's fun to compare the Romneys ' touching kiss last night to Al and Tipper 's back-bender at the 2000 Democratic convention . These are all part of the show . Some people are well paid to produce the ads and provide the other services for the show . Others are paid to report them . Many enjoy what a newspaper columnist of my youth called "  the great game of politics . " Still , after a half century of observing American voters , I find it uncanny how they always gravitate to what 's the most important to them . Which brings us to what the 2012 election is all about . Jobs . Jobs . Jobs . How we feel in our gut about which candidate is more likely to put Americans back to work and revive the economy . There is usually a slight upward bump in the polls after a convention . But it soon settles back down . The only events -- other than what pundits call "  unanticipated consequences " such as a homeland terrorist attack -- that could influence the outcome will be the debates where the candidates directly challenge each other . Opinion : Where Ann Romney 's speech veered off-track If Mitt Romney wins , a majority prefer his economic message . If Mitt Romney loses , he will still know that no other candidate 's wife ever worked so hard to explain her husband to the American people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Hess .	Stephen Hess : Ann Romney did great job with speech ; should help with Mitt 's "  likability " He says conventions mainly for the political class ; most voters wo n't have watched He says wives can be a force , not a factor ; voters ultimately vote what 's important to them Hess : Political process is a show ; whoever persuades voters on jobs issue will win
CNN  -- The day after the deadly bombings at the Boston Marathon 's finish line , the city 's police commissioner said that spot was probably one of the most photographed in the country in the minutes before it became a crime scene . But it 's no Times Square . While the targeted stretch of Boston 's Boylston Street is often lively and always in focus on Patriots Day , New York 's Times Square is a hub of activity -- including locals and tourists , vendors and performers , not to mention police officers -- most every hour of every day . Its status as one of America 's busiest , brightest , most bustling places also makes it a target . That was true in 2010 , when Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad pleaded guilty to plotting to blow up a car bomb there . Times Square bomb plotter sentenced to life in prison And it was the case again this month . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters Thursday that the surviving suspect in last week 's marathon blasts that killed three and wounded scores more told investigators that he and his brother were heading to New York next . From the Boston hospital bed where he 's being guarded by federal authorities , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said he and his brother Tamerlan , 26 , "  decided spontaneously " to target Times Square , New York police Commissioner Ray Kelly said , citing information he received from the FBI . Their plan was to detonate five pipe bombs and a pressure-cooker bomb similar to the ones used days earlier in Boston , Kelly added . But the two brothers never made it out of Massachusetts . They carjacked a Mercedes SUV , then stopped at a gas station , Kelly explained . The car 's driver was able then to escape and call police , leading to a chase and shootout , after which Tamerlan Tsarnaev was declared dead . Dzhokhar , 19 , was captured Friday . "  We do n't know that we would have been able to stop the terrorists , had they arrived here from Boston , " Bloomberg said . "  We 're just thankful we did n't have to find out . " Hub of ` the city that never sleeps ' With billboards and neon lights rivaled in America perhaps only by those on the Las Vegas Strip , Times Square is hard to miss . The hectic stretch a stone 's throw from Broadway theaters is flush with stores , hotels and other attractions , from a massive Toys "  R ' " Us with a Ferris wheel inside to the tower that every New Year 's Eve holds the iconic giant crystal ball . For all these reasons and more , it 's frequented by residents passing through and visitors stopping by , one of whom was none other than Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Kelly , the city 's police commissioner , said the surviving Boston attack suspect went to New York twice last year . On one of those trips , in April , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was photographed in Times Square . Authorities do n't know if those visits had anything to do with the Tsarnaev brothers ' alleged plans to attack New York , nor do they have an indication that the city is "  a target of another terrorist attack stemming from the Boston bombings , " Kelly said . Still , the New York officials acknowledged that had the Boston suspects made it to New York , they could have caused untold death and destruction . That would be true even if the brothers had gone straight to New York from Massachusetts and blown up their bombs right after they got there around 2 or 3 a.m. Friday , as estimated by Kelly . That 's because Times Square -- which lies at the intersection of several major thoroughfares with many entertainment venues , clubs and restaurants -- seals New York 's reputation as "  the city that never sleeps . " Mayor : ` There are no guarantees ' And in New York , the city 's police commissioner stressed , police are always on alert as well . Police officers are visible at all hours in Times Square , said Kelly . And they are n't the only ones watching . A host of cameras that surround this area and others in New York serve as law enforcement tools . Some of them capture 360-degree images ; others shoot from above . There 's also ground-level surveillance footage like that credited with initially pinpointing the Boston suspects , not to mention whatever can be gleaned from photographs taken by the throngs of tourists that come to the city every day . These "  extensive networks of cameras " and the "  enormous police presence " are there to catch would-be terrorists who might plant a bomb or otherwise inflict violence , Bloomberg said . The high cost of maintaining such a hefty security presence is worth it , because -- as Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's remarks to the FBI showed -- "  New York City remains a prime target for those who hate America and want to kill Americans , " said the mayor . But all the technology , all the intelligence sharing , all the police boots on the ground wo n't eliminate the threat to New York , leaders in that city stressed . Nor will they necessarily catch the next person or people who want to stage an attack in Times Square . As Bloomberg said , "  There are no guarantees . "	A Boston bombings suspect said he was heading to New York , officials say He told investigators he and his brother planned to bomb Times Square , they add New York is a "  prime target " for terrorists , the city 's mayor says There 's a big police presence and camera network but "  no guarantees , " he adds
CNN  -- Forget everything you know about what 's making us fat . We hear a lot about Americans being fast food-addicted couch potatoes , and while that does play a role in the nation 's expanding waist lines , a new study concludes it 's not the driving force behind the obesity epidemic . Instead all Americans -- no matter what income level they have and no matter what neighborhood they live in -- are getting bigger because food is cheaper than ever before , the study authors say . Simply put , we 're spending less of our total budget on food so we 're buying more . The study , published in the June edition of the journal CA Cancer , found that people in 1930 spent about a fourth of their disposable income on food . Today food takes up about a tenth of our disposable income . Food is also easier to prepare and easier to purchase than it was in 1930 . That means Americans are n't just eating more high-calorie food , they are eating more of a variety of foods . Consequently , Americans have consumed , on average , about 20 % more calories since the 1970s . Lead study authors Roland Sturm and An Ruopeng hope it will lay to rest some myths about obesity . He lost 125 pounds , but still felt fat "  If you look at the data over time , you actually see a slight increase in exercise . And Americans have more access to fruits and vegetables , " said Roland Sturm who is a senior economist at the RAND Corporation . "  It 's not Southern hospitality that is driving this trend , nor is it income or education . Really nothing protects us from this challenge of obesity . " On average , Americans have been getting fatter since at least the 1950s , maybe even longer . While the data is n't perfect , experts looking at health records for men between the ages of 40 and 49 see a steady increase in body mass index since 1900 . Obesity is n't only a problem for people who want to wear bikinis to the beach . Excess body fat can raise a person 's risk for heart disease , cancer , diabetes , stroke and chronic illnesses . "  What this article reinforces is that we need to continue our research to find what combination of strategies will be most effective long term in helping all of us live healthier lives , " said Colleen Doyle , director of nutrition and physical activity for the American Cancer Society . Doyle suggests a better built environment where it is easy for people to engage in physical activity -- meaning sidewalks and bike lanes and safer streets . Also helpful would be changing social norms so that families will expect healthier school meals and calorie counts are readily available on restaurant menus . "  No one thing is the solution to this problem we are having , " Doyle said . Can you really control where you lose fat ? This latest study points out a few positives . Americans are exercising more : Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show an uptick in the number of people who say they get 30 minutes of moderate exercise five or more days a week , or 20 minutes of vigorous activity on three or more days  about 51 % in 2009 , compared to 46 % in 2001  . The availability of fresh produce has also increased over the last 40 years , with a 27 % increase in fresh fruit and a 21 % increase in fresh vegetables per capita from 1970 to 2010 . But the number of people who actually eat fruits and vegetables has stayed flat . That may be one area where public policy could help . Agriculture policy "  has a huge impact on what people eat , " said study co-author An Ruopeng . "  Maybe instead of promoting commodity food like corn and soy , we could instead incentivize small farms to grow more fruits and vegetables . " "  We do n't want food to become really expensive again ; that is not the answer , " said Sturm . "  The markets were successful in solving a really old problem " of food scarcity . "  Now we have a new problem in the works with obesity , so we may need the market forces now to nudge in a different direction . " How to break your junk food addiction Sturm believes a policy South Africa has tried may help . In some 800 supermarkets in the African country , healthy foods were subsidized and available at a 25 % discount . The price did "  nudge people in the right direction " to eat healthier . A tax on sugary foods and sodas in Mexico was also introduced last year , but experts are still waiting to see what impact that policy will have on eating habits . Here in the United States , some members of Congress have introduced similar taxes , but have n't been able to get them passed . It will take more than public policy to end the obesity epidemic , the study authors say . "  There is no silver bullet , " Sturm said . True change would have to come from the ground up . Smoking , for instance , used to be common indoors , but policy and social attitude has made that less socially acceptable . "  When people come over to visit , you offer them a coke or freshly baked cookies , " Sturm said . "  That is the social norm . But maybe in the future we will look at that behavior like we do about public smoking . " Two big meals may be better than six small ones	Americans consume 20 % more calories than they did in the 1970s Food is cheaper for Americans than at any other time in history The obesity epidemic will not be solved with one policy or plan , experts say
CNN  -- The world has inched further away from doom and nuclear disaster , said a group of respected scientists that includes 19 Nobel Laureates . The symbolic Doomsday Clock has been moved back a minute , reflecting the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists ' more optimistic view of the world 's chances of avoiding catastrophic threats such as nuclear attacks . The clock is now set at six minutes to midnight , with midnight representing a nuclear apocalypse , according to the group , which is based in Chicago , Illinois . "  We are poised to bend the arc of history toward a world free of nuclear weapons . For the first time since atomic bombs were dropped in 1945 , leaders of nuclear weapons states are cooperating to vastly reduce their arsenals and secure all nuclear bomb-making material , " the scientists said in a statement Thursday . The Doomsday Clock was created in 1947 and had been adjusted only 18 times before Thursday , the group said . The closest it has been to midnight is two minutes , from 1953 to 1960 , after the Soviet Union and the United States stepped up testing of thermonuclear devices . The farthest has been 17 minutes , from 1991 to 1995 , after the signing of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . "  A key to the new era of cooperation is a change in the U.S. government 's orientation toward international affairs , brought about in part by the election of -LSB- President Barack -RSB- Obama , " the group said . "  With a more pragmatic , problem-solving approach , not only has Obama initiated new arms-reduction talks with Russia , he has started negotiations with Iran to close its nuclear enrichment program , and directed the U.S. government to lead a global effort to secure loose fissile material in four years . "  He also presided over the U.N. Security Council last September , where he supported a fissile material cutoff treaty and encouraged all countries to live up to their disarmament and nonproliferation obligations under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , " said the group , which added that much more work needs to be done . Threats remain around the world , the scientists said , noting that governments might not live up to pledges to reduce nuclear arms and combat climate change . Scientists and other experts who had produced the atomic bomb for the Manhattan Project established the group in 1945 , its Web site said .	Clock is now set at six minutes to midnight , Chicago-based group says Midnight represents a nuclear apocalypse Doomsday Clock had been adjusted only 18 times before Thursday Farthest was 17 minutes after the signing of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty
Washington  CNN  -- Close to 20 inches of snow piled up at the nation 's capital as a blizzard pounded mid-Atlantic states Saturday , cutting power to hundreds of thousands in the region in what the president referred to as "  Snowmaggedon . " Snow was falling from southern Indiana eastward to New York City , Washington , Pennsylvania , Delaware and the New Jersey coast . President Obama kept to his busy Washington schedule amid the swirling flakes , and ditched "  the Beast " -- his souped-up Cadillac limousine -- for an armored , four-wheel drive Chevy Suburban capable of trudging through the several inches of snow . Despite plowing and shoveling , the continuous snow made for a slippery White House driveway . Before the 15-vehicle presidential motorcade pulled out of the driveway headed to the Capital Hilton for Obama 's speech to democrats , one of the emergency vehicles lost traction and slid into an SUV . No one was in the car at the time . Flights canceled , highway crews mobilized About 19.5 inches of snow fell at American University in Washington over two days , and was on track to possibly break a record . The capital received 28 inches of snow in the "  Knickerbocker Storm " of January 27-28 , 1922 . The blizzard has left hundreds of thousands of customers from Virginia to Pennsylvania without power , utility companies said . As of 12 p.m. , Dominion Virginia Power had restored electricity to 101,000 of 207,000 customers who were without power Saturday morning , the company said . In Maryland and Washington , more than 104,000 Pepco customers were in the dark , the utility company said . The majority , or 81,324 , live in Montgomery County , Maryland , and 9,587 live in Washington , according to Pepco . In Philadelphia , a reported 26.7 inches had fallen at the airport by 1 p.m. , the National Weather Service said . "  We are getting absolutely clobbered this morning with snow , " said Steven Steingard , a lawyer who lives in suburban Philadelphia . "  We have about a foot already and they say it will continue for 10 to 12 hours more . " The storm also may produce a record snowfall for Baltimore , which has 21 inches of snow so far , according to the National Weather Service . Virginia snowman is taller than a house In College Park , Maryland , snow-laden power lines drooped onto branches , causing power failures . One city resident , Ben Hampton , told CNN he could could hear electrical transformers popping . Annapolis , Maryland , had 18 inches of snow by Saturday . State officials at the briefing said 2,400 pieces of equipment were trying to clear highways . The state also was relying on 300 National Guard members to help with ongoing weather trouble . Check on traffic and road conditions More than 750 personnel are clearing roads in Washington , Mayor Adrian Fenty said . But the heavy , wet snow has even trapped some plows , Washington Department of Transportation director Gabe Klein said . Flights were canceled at Washington-Baltimore area 's three main airports and at Philadelphia International Airport . Amtrak has canceled many trains in and out of Washington , and Greyhound has been halted until 1 p.m. Sunday , Klein said . Check on flight delays On Friday , a weather-related accident in Virginia 's Wythe County left two dead , state police said . A father and son stopped on a shoulder to help injured occupants of a disabled vehicle . Minutes later , a tractor-trailer jackknifed and struck their van while trying to avoid hitting the disabled car . The father and son died at the scene , state police said . Virginia state police said the accident was one of many crashes and disabled cars reported . Winter storm warnings were in effect from southern Indiana eastward to New York City and south to North Carolina , with blizzard warnings for Washington , Delaware and the New Jersey coast . Are you snowed in ? Share photos and videos Delaware Gov. Jack Markell declared a state of emergency Friday night and ordered all vehicles off the roads by 10 p.m. ET . Forecasters were predicting that the mountains of West Virginia and Maryland , west of the nation 's capital , would receive the most snow -- possibly 3 feet . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Suzanne Malveaux and Angela Fritz contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of thousands without electricity from Virginia to Pennsylvania NEW : Flights canceled at Washington-Baltimore area airports , as wells as Philadelphia 's NEW : 26.7 inches reported at the Philadelphia , airport by 1 p.m. Delta joins Southwest , Amtrak in canceling services in the affected region
Washington  CNN  -- Tourists and businesses are already feeling the sting of federal budget cuts , with officials in Wyoming announcing delays for opening parts of Yellowstone National Park . The National Park Service is taking a $ 113 million hit under the so-called government sequester that took effect on Friday and is set to run through the end of the current fiscal year unless Congress calls it off or changes how it is implemented later this month . The impact on the overall federal budget and deficit reduction is miniscule , but the meaning of cuts to local businesses in and around treasured landmarks that host nearly 300 million visitors a year is all too real . House GOP campaign arm goes online in the blame game over forced spending cuts The National Mall and the Statue of Liberty will be affected , according to John Garder , budget and appropriations legislative representative for the National Parks Conservation Association . The Mall stands to lose $ 1.6 million and the Statue of Liberty almost $ 780,000 between now and the end of the fiscal year in September . Local government officials and business leaders in Cody , Wyoming , said Yellowstone will delay the opening of its north and west entrances by a week until April 26 , and its east , south and northeast entrances by two weeks until mid-to-late May because of the impact of budget cuts on snow removal . The delay will cost related businesses several million dollars , the local Chamber of Commerce said . Jan Stoddard , marketing director for the West Yellowstone , Montana , Chamber of Commerce said the park and its visitors are the lifeblood of her community . "  Limiting access to the park even for a few weeks can have significant impacts on the bottom line of a small business reliant on those visitors , " Stoddard said . "  These visitors contribute tax dollars and support jobs . " So what are these cuts actually worth ? The Park Service operates on $ 2.2 billion annually , or a tiny fraction of the federal budget . But its sites pump $ 31 billion into local economies and visitation has been up despite a sluggish economy . Opinion : Americans sick of budget soap opera National parks contribute more than 270,000 jobs outside the National Park Service like lodging , food and beverage services , and recreation and entertainment . "  It is important to note that proposed cuts to Yellowstone and Glacier national park budgets will save the federal government $ 2.5 million , but in all likelihood tax losses due to reduced tourism could offset the savings . Last year , nonresident tourism to Montana generated approximately $ 253 million in federal taxes , " Stoddard said . According to Forbes , eight of the top 25 U.S. tourist destinations are national parks . In a memo , the National Park Service outlined some of the more specific changes and closures that would be attributed to the proposed spending cuts . For instance , Gettysburg National Park , which honors the famous Civil War battle , would eliminate 20 % of its spring student education programs , affecting 2,400 students . Grand Canyon National Park will reduce hours of operation at the main visitor center , affecting at least 250,000 people . The White House said , "  Many of the 398 national parks across the country would be partially or fully closed " during the six months of budget austerity and other parks would experience shorter hours , fewer employees and limited camping and hiking spaces . It will take a month or so for the cuts to kick in at most federal agencies . Share your story : How do you feel about the cuts ? In the 2011 fiscal year , funding for the National Park Service was cut by almost $ 140 million . From 2002 to 2011 , the budget fell by 13 % overall . According to Garder , recent cuts have taken a toll , with deferred maintenance requests running into the billions of dollars . In the long term , Garder fears further cuts could have a detrimental effect on the vitality of national parks , including limited resources for "  curbing invasive species and long term protection  of park areas  . " Areas managed directly by the National Park Service wo n't be the only ones to experience the pain of spending restrictions . The Three Bear Lodge and Restaurant in West Yellowstone will feel it , too . "  Because of the seasonality of our business and the fact that our town of West Yellowstone basically shuts down whenever Yellowstone closes , we need revenue generated every day in order to stay solvent on a year-round basis , " owner Clyde Seely said . "  Opening our businesses for shorter time periods or causing reductions in visitation during the shoulder seasons of the park will cause proportionate reductions in the overall economy . " Zakaria : Cuts a damning indictment of Washington Almost 279 million people visit national parks each year . Visitor concessions like souvenir shops , lodging , transportation , equipment rental and food services will suffer from the decrease in tourism caused by the limitation in park hours . "  There is a breaking point and once we reach that and services begin to suffer , this will be directly reflected in the experience our visitors are having and that poses the greatest danger -- when we can no longer deliver on the promised experience , " Stoddard said . But economist Isabelle Sawhill from the Brookings Institution said cuts in cases like this are n't that significant . "  I think almost any organization can sustain a 5 % cut in their budget and not have it interfere with their basic mission , " she said . Garder disagreed . "  The budgeting process is completely broken . It 's Congress ' job to figure out where investments should be made and where agencies should be cut , it 's a mindless process and it 's not meant to become policy . Beyond spending cuts : What 's next for Washington	Forced spending cuts to trim $ 113 million from park service budget NEW : Parts of Yellowstone will open later due to impact of cuts on snow removal Parks could see shorter hours , fewer employees and limited camping and hiking spaces Almost 279 million people visit national parks each year
An international war of words has broken out over a New Zealand pop star 's chart-topping single , after an American blogger labeled the track racist . "  Royals , " the debut single by Lorde , the stage name of Ella Yelich-O'Connor , currently sits above hits from Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , making the 16-year-old the youngest artist to top the U.S. chart in 26 years . The singer -- who sings about rejecting the trappings of consumerism in "  Royals " and has admonished fellow pop star Selena Gomez for being insufficiently feminist -- has won plaudits from critics as a refreshing presence in the charts . But not everyone is a fan . In a post on the prominent feminist blog feministing.com , writer Veronica Bayetti Flores took issue with the song 's lyrics , in which Yelich-O'Connor sings that "  every song " is about gold teeth and Maybach luxury cars -- both fixtures of hip-hop music videos -- before concluding "  we do n't care , we 're driving Cadillacs in our dreams . " "  While I love a good critique of wealth accumulation and inequity , this song is not one ; in fact , it is deeply racist , " wrote Bayetti Flores . "  Because we all know who she 's thinking when we 're talking gold teeth , Cristal  champagne  and Maybachs . So why s -- on black folks ? Why s -- on rappers ? " The writer attacked critics who "  have been so captivated by ` Royals ' call-out of consumption that they did n't bother to take the time to think critically about the racial implications of the lyrics . " She concluded her post with the observation that the singer "  apparently calls herself a feminist . " "  Let 's just hope her feminism gets a lot less racist as she develops as an artist , " she wrote . The post attracted a massive online backlash from Lorde 's fans and compatriots as well as other writers , with many claiming that Bayetti Flores , by interpreting the song through the prism of American race relations , was guilty of the kind of cultural arrogance she was attributing to the singer . "  I realize not everything in this world is an instrument of oppression , " wrote New Zealand journalist Lynda Brendish . "  And not everything in this world should be viewed through the lens of Americans , particularly when it comes to race and cultures of other countries . To insist otherwise is ignorant at best and imperialistic at worst . " The track was the songwriter 's response to the images of unattainable luxury often conveyed through a U.S.-dominated pop culture , Brendish wrote . "  The theme of the song is the dissonance between that life ... and the one she lives in New Zealand , but it is not at all about race . " While a few of the trappings of conspicuous consumption cited in the song were associated with rappers , it also name-checked others associated with other wealthy , high-living stereotypes . "  Jet planes , islands , tigers on a gold leash ? I 'm thinking Richard Branson and maybe Russian oligarchs there , " wrote Brendish . "  Blood stains and ball gowns ? Celeb socialites ... Trashin ' the hotel room ? Rock stars . " Vice.com writer Dave Schilling said Bayetti Flores ' reading of the song "  could n't be more simplistic " and asked : "  Why should anyone be surprised that the proliferation of pop songs about conspicuous consumption would get tiresome eventually ? " A commenter on feministing.com , Amelia Harris , called the post "  a dreadfully done piece of deconstruction . " "  I hope you have a better understanding of your own bias and lack of understanding of the world beyond your own , and an interest in the impact of imported American culture on the rest of the world . " Others noted with disappointment that a vocal young feminist role model was being attacked on a feminist blog . Despite the overwhelmingly critical response to her post , Bayetti Flores told CNN in an email that she stood by her comments , which had focused "  on how the song lands in the context of the United States . " "  Clearly it has reached a much wider audience now , " she added . She took exception to how the song directs "  a critique of excessive consumption to a genre both created and currently dominated by Black Americans , particularly when the vast majority of excess consumption is done by white people - not to mention the fact that Black people bear the brunt of the ill effects of wealth inequality , both in this country and globally , " Bayetti Flores said . Most of her critique is directed at record companies , U.S. media and "  longstanding racist narratives " about consumption , she said . While the genre is n't above criticism , hip-hop "  must be critiqued in a way that contextualizes it within a larger system of race and power , " she added . "  To do so without this context reinforces racist narratives which feed into a larger system of racism that consistently dehumanizes people of color , and serve to uphold and excuse much larger oppressive systems . " A spokesman for Universal Music New Zealand , Lorde 's label , said the singer had no comment in response to the criticism . In an interview with NPR , Lorde described how the song was inspired by the messages conveyed by the pop music she had grown up with . "  I was just sort of reeling off some of the things which are commonly mentioned in hip-hop and the Top 40 , " she said . "  I 've always loved hip-hop , but as a fan of hip-hop , I 've always had to kind of suspend disbelief because , obviously , I do n't have a Bentley . There 's a distance between that and the life I have with my friends going to parties and getting public transport and doing the things that every other teenager does . " The lyrics in question are : But every song 's like gold teeth , Grey Goose , tripping in the bathroom , Blood stains , ball gowns , trashing the hotel room , We do n't care , we 're driving Cadillacs in our dreams . But everybody 's like Cristal , Maybach , diamonds on your time piece , Jet planes , islands , tigers on a gold leash . We do n't care , we are n't caught up in your love affair .	Blogger says song unfairly focuses on consumption in genre dominated by U.S. blacks "  The vast majority of excess consumption is done by white people , " blogger says "  Royals , " the debut song by New Zealand singer Lorde , is No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 The blog has drawn an angry response , accusing the writer of misinterpreting the song
CNN  -- "  Out of an abundance of caution , " American Airlines said Tuesday it would inspect 47 Boeing 757 airplanes after seats on two of the company 's jetliners came loose . A Boeing 757 from Boston to Miami carrying 175 passengers diverted to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport on Saturday when three seats in row 12 came loose shortly after takeoff . A second American Boeing 757 returned to JFK on Monday morning after a similar seat issue was discovered . "  Originally , American planned to evaluate the seats on eight Boeing 757 airplanes , but out of an abundance of caution , the decision was made to proactively evaluate a total of 47 Boeing 757 airplanes that have the same model Main Cabin seats with a common locking mechanism , " company spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said in a statement . "  American 's internal investigation has focused on one of three types of Main Cabin seats on the 757s and how the rows of these three seats fit into the track that is used to secure the rows to the floor of the airplanes . Our maintenance and engineering teams have discovered that the root cause is a saddle clamp improperly installed on the foot of the row leg , " she said . The clamps were used on 47 of the company 's 102 Boeing 757 airplanes . So far , American Airlines has inspected 36 planes and found that six -- including the two involved in the recent diversions -- had seats that were not properly secured . Not all of the seats were loose , the company said , but they had the potential to become so . Eleven aircraft still need to be inspected . Huguely said the seats issue does not appear to be connected to any one work group or maintenance facility , and apologized for any inconvenience to customers . "  Safety is -- and always will be -- American 's top concern , " the spokeswoman said . The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into the incidents of loose seats , which are the latest in a string of woes for American Airlines . Earlier Tuesday , an American Airlines flight from Chicago to London made an unscheduled landing at Shannon Airport in Ireland after a passenger reported a smoky odor , an airline spokesman said . American Airlines Flight 98 , a Boeing 777-200 carrying 246 passengers and 14 crew members , was diverted as a precaution , airline spokesman Ian Bradley told CNN . An inspection revealed that the odor was coming from an overhead fan that had overheated , he said . Niall Maloney , head of operations for Shannon Airport , said such technical diversions are not uncommon . Who wants to fly American Airlines ? The airline has also been beset recently by labor troubles , delays and flight cancellations . American , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year , persuaded a judge to throw out its contract with the pilots union last month . Since then , the pilots have been engaging in what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month alone . Airline management has blamed the situation on pilots filing what it claims are frivolous reports about aircraft problems . The pilots union has denied management 's assertion . Late Tuesday , a spokesman for the Allied Pilots Association said it would resume contract negotiations with the airline . Tom Hoban said talks could start as early as Wednesday . A company spokesman similarly said that negotiations are set to resume this week . Meanwhile , Robert Gless , deputy director of the Air Transport Division of the Transport Workers Union of America , dismissed the notion that the problems with loose seats were linked to labor issues as "  without any basis in fact . " Seat installation work is largely carried out by outside contractors , rather than maintenance personnel employed by the airline , he said in a statement . "  Problems related to seats are less likely a labor problem , but rather a management issue related to outsourcing work to third-party facilities , " he said . American Airlines plans to increase its use of outside maintenance facilities , including in China and other overseas locations , as it seeks to exit bankruptcy , he added . Seats come loose on two American Airlines flights CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Saskya Vandoorne , Sherri Maksin , Nick Valencia and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Contract negotiations between the company , pilots are expected to resume this week The company says it found six planes with seats that were not properly secured American Airlines is evaluating the planes "  out of abundance of caution " The airline company has suffered a series of problems in recent months
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating a Massachusetts comic book dealer who allegedly posted online comments suggesting members of Congress should be targeted after the January 8 shooting that left Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , critically wounded , police said Friday . In a blog post titled "  1 down and 534 to go , " 39-year-old Travis Corcoran allegedly wrote : "  It is absolutely , absolutely unacceptable to shoot indiscriminately . " "  Target only politicians and their staff and leave regular citizens alone , " it said . Police also seized "  a large amount " of weapons from Corcoran 's home in Arlington , Massachusetts , last week , according to police Chief Frederick Ryan . Corcoran 's firearms license has been suspended as authorities investigate how and where the weapons were purchased , the police chief said . There is no indication they were acquired illegally , he added . The blog , called TJICistan , is no longer viewable online , and Corcoran was not immediately reachable for comment .	Police are investigating a man for his alleged comments that suggest violence Travis Corcoran accused of posting a blog titled "  1 down and 534 to go " Police seized "  a large amount " of weapons from Corcoran 's Massachusetts home last week
London  CNN  -- British Home Secretary Theresa May defended Thursday the government 's decision to bring in an additional 3,500 military personnel to ensure security for the Olympic Games , only 15 days before the event starts . She said it had only become clear on Wednesday that the contractor G4S was not able to provide all the security staff it had promised to the organizers of the London Olympic Games . But , May told the House of Commons , "  there is no question of Olympic security being compromised . " The government 's decision to bring in additional troops , on top of the 13,500 already agreed , was the appropriate response to the shortfall in G4S staff , she said . Read more : Is Olympic-level security already under way in Britain ? "  Contingency planning has always been central to our security work , " May said . The deployment means that 17,000 troops will be on duty in the United Kingdom during the Games , compared with the 9,500 currently in Afghanistan . G4S had been expected to recruit a staff of more than 10,000 as part of a total security force of 23,700 for the Olympic and Paralympic Games . It will still provide several thousand personnel . Britain is on a heightened state of alert ahead of the Games , which open on 27 July . Grilled by opposition politicians as she gave an emergency statement to the House of Commons , May rejected suggestions that the government had either not been on top of planning for the event or had been misled by G4S about its preparations . "  This is not a lax approach to security , it is about the government ensuring we have the right approach to security , " May said . Her opposition counterpart , Labour 's Yvette Cooper , said it looked like "  another Home Office shambles . " Read more : Weather warning : London Olympics ' biggest threat ? May said it was the organizing committee 's responsibility to ensure that G4S honored its contract and to enforce any penalties written into the contract , and that the British public would not pick up the bill for the security firm 's failings . A Home Office statement released late Wednesday said : "  The government are committing  # 553 million for venue security and we remain confident that we will deliver within budget . " A G4S spokesman said in a statement that the contractor is "  committed to ensuring that London 2012 is safe and secure " and that it understands the government 's decision to bring in extra troops . G4S already has about 4,000 people at work across 100 venues and has more than 9,000 people going through the required vetting , training and accreditation process , the statement said . "  This is an unprecedented and very complex security recruitment and deployment exercise which is being carried out to a very tight schedule , " it said . "  We have encountered some delays in progressing applicants through the final stages but we are working extremely hard to process these as swiftly as possible . " The military personnel on duty will include reservists , the Ministry of Defence said , and the Olympic organizers have agreed to give 10,000 tickets to the armed forces to compensate for the short-notice deployment . "  I can confirm that there remains no specific threat to the Games . Nor is there an increased threat to the Games , " said Defence Secretary Philip Hammond . We are confident that the UK is ready and able to provide a safe and secure Olympic Games for the whole world to enjoy . " May also faced repeated questions from lawmakers over border control at Heathrow Airport , amid concerns over staffing levels -- as some visitors wait more than two hours to enter the country -- and the stringency of security checks . Staffing is being stepped up for the Olympics , with additional personnel being brought in to ensure all desk are manned , May said . The United Kingdom 's independent chief inspector of borders , John Vine , said Wednesday there had been some progress since a critical report in February , but the extra staff drafted in to ease congestion "  often processed passengers less quickly and asked fewer questions . " He also cited concerns over efforts to detect forged documents in some of the airport 's terminals . Meanwhile , work to repair the main route from Heathrow Airport into London continues , following the discovery of significant cracks in a viaduct . A section of the M4 motorway has been closed in both directions since the end of last week , resulting in broad delays for drivers forced to take alternative routes into the capital . The Highways Agency , which is in charge of the UK road network , said Wednesday that the road would remain closed because the complex repair work had reached a critical stage . "  The Highways Agency and its contractors are working around the clock and will reopen the motorway as soon as it is safe to do so , " it said . "  Conditional on the repair work being successful , it is still expected that the work will be completed and the road reopened within the next few days . "	The UK government says 3,500 more troops are needed to ensure security Home Secretary Theresa May says security will not be compromised Private contractor G4S has failed to recruit as many security staff as promised Britain is on a heightened state of alert ahead of the Games , which open in 15 days
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Bobby Brown is headed to jail next month to serve a 55-day sentence imposed for his second drunken driving conviction in a year . The jail time is stiffer because his driver 's license was suspended after he pleaded no contest last summer to another charge of driving under the influence , the Los Angeles city attorney 's spokesman said . Brown , 44 , spent time in a "  confidential rehabilitation center " last August as part of his plea deal for the April 2012 arrest . The judge ordered Brown to attend at least three Alcoholics Anonymous sessions each week until he reports to the Los Angeles County jail on March 20 , according to the city attorney spokesman Frank Mateljan . Brown was not in court Tuesday when his lawyer entered his guilty plea on charges of driving under the influence , driving on a suspended license and violating his probation for the earlier conviction . A lawyer for the singer said he has accepted responsibility , and is committed to his sobriety . "  Brown is pleased that the matter has been resolved , " attorney Christopher Brown said in a statement . The judge imposed 10 days in jail for the drunken driving offense , 10 days for the suspended license conviction and 35 days for the probation violation , according to Mateljan . His probation was extended to four years , Mateljan said . A Los Angeles police officer smelled "  a strong scent of alcohol " when he approached Brown during the Ventura Boulevard traffic stop last October , a police spokesman said . He was arrested after a field sobriety test , the spokesman said . Brown was previously married to Whitney Houston , whom he divorced in 2007 . He has one daughter , Bobbi Kristina , from his relationship with Houston , as well as three other children . Houston died a little more than a year ago . Brown , who has been touring with his R&B group , New Edition , released "  Masterpiece , " his first solo album in 14 years , last June . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe contributed to this report .	Bobby Brown 's jail sentence is stiffer because of an earlier drunken driving conviction Brown , 44 , must attend AA meetings until his jail stint starts on March 20 He spent time in a "  confidential rehabilitation center " last August
CNN  -- Valentine 's Day is terrible for two kinds of people -- those who are single and those who are n't . For single people , the day is a disappointing reminder they do n't have that "  special someone " in their life . Not a fun feeling -- believe me , I 've been there . But personally I think it 's worse for people in a relationship . Single people can choose to ignore Valentine 's Day . However , if you 're in a relationship , the last thing you want to do is ignore Valentine 's Day -- believe me , I 've been there , too . What may have started out as a holiday intended to bring couples together has been transformed into a commercial spectacle peddled to us by florists , greeting card companies , jewelry stores and makers of stuffed animals . My issue is not with being romantic or expressing your feelings to the person you love . My issue is being required to do so on February 14 . This date has zero connection to us . Each year on February 14 we are in essence commanded to be "  romantic . " Should n't romance be organic -- sort of like a "  Cialis moment " ? That 's the "  moment " in the TV commercials for Cialis , the drug designed to combat erectile dysfunction -- where the couple is lifting a table together , their eyes meet , and bingo : It 's a "  Cialis moment . " It may be drug-enhanced , but at least they chose the moment . I understand that Valentine 's Day earnestly purports to bring couples closer together . Great idea , but let 's be honest , how many of you have had fights on Valentine 's Day because of Valentine 's Day ? I certainly have had my share , usually when one of us in the relationship  namely me  did n't buy a nice enough gift or put in enough time planning a special "  VDay " activity -- thus , transforming Valentine 's Day from a romantic evening for two into a scene from the film "  The War of the Roses . " See also : Romantic restaurants with a view Recently I posed this simple question on Twitter : Do you love or hate Valentine 's Day ? I expected to find a divide by gender : men bemoaning it and women cheering it . But the findings of my less-than-scientific survey surprised me . For the most part , men were silent on the issue . But women not only responded in large numbers , they answered in a way I never expected : They too hate Valentine 's Day . Overwhelmingly , women were the ones who attacked the pomp and circumstance of this "  day of love . " Here is a sampling of a few of the tweets I received from women : I hate the colors , I hate cheap chocolate , I hate the pressure it puts on couples and singles , and Cupids are stupid If you ca n't tell me you love me with flowers or candy on any day but Valentine 's Day , see ya around buddy To be honest i hate it cuz i dont have one ! It 's one big commercialized scheme to buy overpriced red & pink crap , I never liked it nor will I ever And then there 's this woman 's objection : I have to wear leopard lingerie although I hate it . Ahh , the sacrifices we make for love . ... Now , it 's true that some men and women did express their support for the day . But they were far outnumbered by those who lamented Valentine 's Day as artificial , contrived and absurdly overly commercialized . Valentine 's Day has a muddled history . Some historians claim it was created in 469 when Pope Gelasius declared February 14 a day to honor St. Valentine . One legend contends that Valentine was a Christian martyr executed for standing up to the Roman emperor who wanted to ban soldiers from getting married . Yet another tale claims he was executed because of his Christian beliefs and signed his farewell note to his beloved : "  From Your Valentine . " While a third and more accepted belief is that the holiday marks the day that "  birds begin to pair , " which is the day they choose their mate . So somehow because birds picked February 14 to "  get it on , " I have to spend $ 100 on roses ? This tweet best sums up my sentiments : Why program couples into thinking Feb 14 is the only day they can express their feelings to 1 another ? I would love to organize an "  Occupy Valentine 's Day " movement . We would hold protests outside flower shops , Godiva chocolate factories and Build-A-Bear stores . The protests would continue until these businesses stop bombarding us with commercials or until Valentine 's Day is moved -- from February 14 to February 29 so that we are only compelled to observe it once every four years . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Romance is great , but it should n't be compulsory on one day He says Valentine 's Day is tough for those who are not in a relationship And for those who are in a relationship , handling Valentine 's Day is tricky , too , he says Obeidallah : Move the holiday to February 29 , so it only comes once every four years
CNN  -- In focus -- Stranded in Dubai The volcanic ash cloud from Iceland is causing havoc in Europe with growing repercussions further afield . Of course , there are a lot worse places to get stuck than Dubai . The local airlines are financially well off , and they are doing everything money can buy to keep their stranded passengers happy . When the going gets tough , the stranded here go shopping , or skiing , or poolside . MME takes a look at the travelers who are stuck in the region . Facetime with Hamid Al Zayani , Managing Director , Midal Cables From refrigerators to electricity pylons , underground cables to steel alloys . All of these products could contain one common element , a piece of Bahrain . This week MME goes behind the scenes of Midal Cables where the Managing Director , Hamid Al Zayani explains how his company is taking on the giant exporting countries of the world like China from the tiny Kingdom of Bahrain .	The volcanic ash from Iceland is causing havoc in Europe -- and further afield Dubai airlines are financially well off and do their best to keep stranded passengers happy Stranded passengers in Dubai go shopping , skiing , or poolside Plus , Hamid Al Zayani , Managing Director , Midal Cables
CNN  -- These pictures were taken within one week of each other in the center of Aleppo and show the incredible resilience of some of its residents in the face of Syria 's bloody civil war . Photographer Issa Touma 's home in the historic area of Aleppo has been badly damaged by gunfire . Yet , amid the crossfire between opposition and government forces , Touma is still organizing the international photography festival he holds every year . Touma , who owns a gallery in Aleppo , has been running the exhibition for 11 years and was determined that the show would continue despite fighting reaching the center of the city on August 19 . The festival was due to open on September 15 . "  Before that time we were continuing preparations for the festival in the normal way because we did n't think the middle of the city would be affected by the war , " said Touma . "  But life changed quickly . Shooting started to come from every direction , " he added . Syria 's largest city , in the north of the country , has become a key battleground between the rebel Free Syrian Army , which controls parts of the city , and forces loyal to President Bashar Al-Assad aiming to drive them out . Until August , the fighting was confined to the countryside surrounding the city , but has since moved closer and closer to the center . On August 27 , Touma 's home in a historic area of the city was badly damaged by gunfire and he says he was trapped inside for nine days while fighting raged outside . "  The Free Syrian Army 's lines were in front of my house , " he said . "  Those nine days were so terrible . " "  After nine days both sides stopped firing for a short moment to let the civilians out . "  There was no food in my fridge by then . I will never forget those nine days in all my life . " Amnesty International said in a report on August 23 that civilians had borne the brunt of air strikes , mortar and artillery attacks on residential areas , with scores of people not involved in the conflict killed and injured . The United Nations estimates that 19,000 people have been killed across Syria since the uprising began 18 months ago and that 1.2 million people -- half of them children -- have left their homes and become refugees in their own country . Also on Inside the Middle East : Tunisian artist graffitis minaret , fights intolerance Touma is now living with his parents in the center of Aleppo and considers himself lucky . He said : "  Many people are living in the street or in the entrance of buildings , in schools , in churches , in gardens , many families are living together without much space . "  All night we ca n't sleep because most of the war happens at night . Sometimes the water cuts out for two or three days , sometimes electricity cuts if they are shooting the cables . " Many practical problems made organizing a photography festival a near impossibility , he added : There was no communication or internet connection in the city for almost a month , the building where the festival was due to take place was inaccessible and artworks that had been sent by artists around the world had not arrived . "  It 's almost an impossible situation but we wanted to go on because if we do n't go on people will lose hope , " said Touma . So he organized a smaller scale exhibition in his own gallery -- which had not been damaged -- and 60 people attended the symbolic opening . The 870 photographs he has from 48 artists around the world will be shown gradually in a changing display in Touma 's gallery , rather than all together in a large building as planned . A few other galleries in the city have also offered to show parts of the exhibition . "  People were really happy at the opening , " said Touma . "  It 's been really important for everybody . " "  It all has to change depending on the situation , nothing is certain . It all depends on which direction they are shooting in , whether we can get in touch with people to advertise . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Syrian artists fight Assad regime with satire Touma said that many of his traditional audience had fled Syria , and instead many of the people coming to the festival had never been to a gallery or been interested in photography before . In March , he also launched a peace project called Art Camping in response to the war , which has been dividing the country since protests against Al-Assad began in March 2011 . It is a series of art , music and photography workshops , often aimed at refugees or people who have never been interested in art before . "  People talk about the refugees in Jordan or Lebanon , but most refugees are inside the city , " said Touma . "  All around Aleppo is war and more and more people are coming to the center . " "  The center is so crowded , you ca n't imagine how many people are living in the city . " "  When people do programs for refugees , they give them food and medicine , but not culture or anything to keep them busy . "  It 's very important to everybody that there 's heart in society still alive and that they still have some hope . "  These are people who have had to leave their homes , who have never been to a gallery before and now they are turning up to do art and see art . "  Now about 500 people have taken part in Art Camping . Not altogether , but different people have done different workshops . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Catriona Davies : @catrionadavies and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Civil war reached center of Syria 's second city one month before photo festival due to start Organizer Issa Touma 's own home was destroyed in gun fighting 11th annual photo festival continued on smaller scale despite fighting
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot goes on trial Friday in Peru , ready to admit to killing a 21-year-old woman while planning to fight more stringent charges that could land him more time in prison , his lawyer said . About six and a half years ago , the Dutch national was considered the prime suspect in the case of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , who vanished while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , which is still unsolved . Yet van der Sloot 's trial in another high-profile case , which his lawyer said has a tenuous connection with the Holloway story , is set to go forward Friday . The 24-year-old is accused of killing Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room in May 2010 . Police say that he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Van der Sloot was charged last September with "  qualified murder " and simple robbery , which together could carry a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Flores ' family later tried -- unsuccessfully -- to convince three judges from the superior court of Lima to impose an even more serious slate of charges that could have included a life sentence . His attorney , Luis Jimenez Navarro , told InSession on Wednesday that his client "  will accept at trial the charge of simple homicide . ... What he will not accept are the aggravated charges . " "  We are sure that -- with support from ... experts -- it will be determined that Joran was living in a post-traumatic state during the attack , " Navarro said , adding that "  psychologists and psychiatrists " will testify at van der Sloot 's upcoming trial . He pointed to the Holloway case , noting that the fatal attack on Flores occurred exactly five years after the Alabama girl went missing . It has been widely reported that van der Sloot killed the woman after he believed she saw something on the Internet relating to Holloway . "  He is a young man ... who has practically lived persecuted for a crime he says he did not commit ... or for a disappearance that he can not explain , " the lawyer said of van der Sloot . "  Movies and books have been made ... At that age , and with other characteristics of his psychological profile , ... in that moment , he felt threatened and reacted in a brutal manner . " Jimenez said that he and his client will ask the judges for a 7 - to 20-year sentence , "  which are the legal sentencing parameters for homicide . " He contended his client never planned to "  entrap ... the future victim in a casino where there are more than 30 cameras " while he was staying in a room registered under his legal name , and then kill her . "  There was no premeditation , " the lawyer argued . The victim 's family , including her father Ricardo Flores , had pushed for stiffer charges and claimed that van der Sloot has n't looked "  remorseful " in court appearances . "  He had an indifferent and prideful attitude . He looks as if he has everything under control . He looks better than when he appeared on TV after he was arrested , " Ricardo Flores told CNN last year . Three judges will preside over Van der Sloot 's trial , starting Friday , and there is no jury . The proceedings will begin with the prosecutor stating the "  facts " that have been proven in the case , as well as detailing the alleged crimes committed , according to Peruvian lawyer and University of Oklahoma professor Giovanna Gismondi . Then the lead judge will talk generally about the crime , after which van der Sloot 's side will have the floor . This round of the case could include testimony from the accused , though Navarro said that van der Sloot likely would n't give a statement Friday though he may answer questions from judges . The other scheduled trial dates are next Tuesday and Thursday , though the judges could adjust the plans at any time . Besides the Flores ' murder trial , van der Sloot also faces extradition charges to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother . He was given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores . InSession 's Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	On Friday , Joran van der Sloot stands trial in Peru for killing a young woman His lawyer says van der Sloot admits killing her , but "  there was no premeditation " He was in a "  post-traumatic state " that day , 5 years after Natalee Holloway went missing The victim 's father has said van der Sloot has seemed "  indifferent , " not "  remorseful "
CNN  -- Every once in a while a story about an individual saving a life makes a big splash . But it 's rare to find five such stories of bravery clustered together in fewer than eight days . From the teens who thwarted a kidnapping to the real-life superheroes who emerged at Comic-Con , here are five examples plucked from a week of headlines about human beings risking their own lives in some cases to assist their fellow travelers : . Mobile viewers unable to see the Storify below , click this link .	Recent days have seen a spate of heroics Teens on bicycles thwart kidnapping in Pennsylvania River guide gets one chance to save unconscious man Stuntmen at Comic-Con perform real-life rescue
A purebred yellow Labrador retriever , Oakley likes to run , swim and get into most everything -- "  whether it 's trouble or not , " his owner 1st Lt. Brandon Harker affectionately says . And as much as anything , Oakley enjoys cuddling wherever , with whomever . That 's just what Harker wanted to do with him this month , when he got back from a 9-month deployment to Afghanistan . Except Oakley was gone . The friend with whom Harker had left Oakley said he 'd gotten rid of the dog . "  I 'd just like to get him back , safe and sound , " Harker said Friday night . "  That 's about it . " About a year after joining the Army , Harker got the playful lab over Memorial Day weekend in 2011 , while he was at Fort Benning in western Georgia . Describing him sweetly as "  a very big baby , " Harker said Oakley loved to snuggle . "  It does n't matter who it was , he 'd try to crawl up on your lap . " Whenever Harker was in the United States , Oakley would go with him . And whenever he deployed , his beloved dog would be left with a friend . That 's what happened last year , when the lieutenant left Oakley with someone he described as a "  good friend " before he headed off to Afghanistan . "  Every time , while I was gone , I asked about him , " Harker said , recalling how his friend would insist Oakley was "  doing good  and  acting like his regular self . "  I 'd ask for a picture every now and then . But I never got any pictures sent to me . " Harker learned the truth as he was flying back to Joint Base Lewis-McCord in Washington . "  What do you mean you got rid of my dog ? " he told his friend . In the few days since coming back , Harker has been on a mission . He posted a plea to find Oakley on Craigslist , noting that he did n't know if the dog had been sold or given away -- something he 'd been told happened in May , though Harker is n't so sure . That online item describes Oakley as being "  good with kids and other dogs , " with darker yellow spots on his face and going down his sides and legs . He is registered to Harker and has a microchip identifying device , and is a few days shy of being 2 years , 4 months old . Writes the soldier : "  If anyone has any information on this and can help me , please do . "	1st Lt. Brandon Harker left last year for Afghanistan , leaving his dog with a "  good friend " The dog was gone when he returned ; he does n't know if it was sold or given away Harker uses Craigslist to ask for help : "  I 'd just like him back , safe and sound " The yellow lab , Oakley , loves to play and snuggle with whomever , whenever
CNN  -- AC Milan have swooped to sign Standard Liege defender Oguchi Onyewu on a three-year contract -- making him the first American to appear in Serie A since Alexi Lalas in 1996 . Onyewu will become the first American since Alexi Lalas to appear in Italian Serie A after joining AC Milan . Onyewu , who has also played in the English Premier League with Newcastle United , has moved to the San Siro on a free transfer after impressing with some superb displays during the United States ' run to the Confederations Cup final . The 27-year-old has played 38 times for his country , scoring five goals.Latest transfer gossip and rumors "  This transaction shows once again the excellent friendly relationship between our club and Belgian club Standard Liege , particularly their executive vice-president Luciano D'Onofrio , " said a statement on Milan 's official Web site . The six-foot four-inch player was born in Washington DC to Nigerian parents but began his club career at Metz in France in 2002 . He was loaned out to La Louviere in Belgium in 2003 and his form there earnt him a move to Liege , where he won two Belgian titles . He then joined Newcastle on loan , playing 11 league matches . However , the transfer is unlikely to appease the Milan supporters who are unhappy with the summer sale of Brazilian superstar Kaka to Real Madrid -- and the departure of coach Carlo Ancelotti to Chelsea . About 300 fans protested outside the club 's Milanello base on the first day of pre-season training on Monday , complaining at the lack of big name signings .	AC Milan swoop to sign up American international defender Oguchi Onyewu The 27-year-old joins from Belgians Standard Liege on a three-year contract Onyewu is the first American to appear in Serie A since Alexi Lalas in the 90s
CNN Student News  -- March 2 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Harrisburg , Illinois ; Wyoming ; Cape Cod , Massachusetts Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Gaze across Cannes Bay this week , and you 'd be forgiven for thinking you had stepped back in time . Each year , the French seaside town -- better known for its glamorous film festival and extravagant superyachts -- is transformed into a haven of historic nautical engineering . Over 100 elegant wooden vessels , their white sails billowing like giant quills , will cruise the Mediterranean in one of the biggest vintage yacht races in the world -- the Rgates Royales de Cannes . Forget throbbing engines and high-tech satellite gear . These multimillion dollar boats hark back to an era when sail ruled the waves , built from designs dating back centuries . "  Using vintage yachts is completely different to modern sailing - it 's not all about performance and technology , " said Angelo Bonati , chief executive of sponsors Panerai , who also spent three years and more than $ 3.8 million restoring a 1930s boat which will race this week . "  Each classic yacht expresses elegance , authenticity , craftsmanship , and above all , rarity and exclusivity . " He added : "  Everybody speaks the same language -- passion for the sea and a love for the great ladies of the sea . " For the love of sail If Bonati 's words seems dramatic , then perhaps it 's a reflection of competitors ' devotion -- and huge financial investment -- in these vintage vessels . With classic yachts costing up to $ 13 million , and often built using traditional techniques , it 's rare to see just one on the high seas -- let alone a fleet . "  There are 100 of these boats at Cannes , and there are not much more than 300 of them in the world , " said Celine Castellanet , organizer at the Cannes Yacht Club which helps run the regatta . "  You can find a modern yacht anywhere . But for the crews taking part , these boats are really attractive because they 're so unique . " Hailing from every corner of the globe , many of the classic yachts have a rich history , with the oldest built in 1896 by renowned Scottish designer William Fife . Also setting sail will be the 1930 Shamrock V. Originally owned by legendary English tea magnate Thomas Lipton , it was the fifth and final yacht he fielded in the America 's Cup -- without success . Race of a lifetime Cannes is the final stop in the prestigious Panerai Classic Yachts Challenge , featuring 10 regattas held in the Mediterranean and east coast of America . The event is divided into three categories according to the age of the yachts -- those built before 1950 , those built before 1975 , and those built after 1975 but using classic designs . Depending on weather conditions , the yachts will race various routes across Cannes Bay for around five hours . But for the 3,000 sailors taking part , maneuvering the old-fashioned vessels takes not just specialized knowledge -- but brute strength . "  These boats are really heavy , " said Castellanet . "  When they 're launched they take a long time to stop and turn around . " "  Unlike modern yachts , they do n't have hydraulics , so sometimes it takes 10 guys pulling on the same rope . " Royal beginnings The roaring twenties were a golden era for the French Riviera , with the crme de la crme of European society holidaying -- and sailing -- at the pretty seaside town of Cannes . In 1929 the first Rgates Royales was born , in honor of Christian X , King of Denmark . World War Two put a temporary halt to the event , until it was re-launched in 1978 . Fast forward 35 years and the prestigious regatta now attracts 40,000 visitors each year . However , this year will also be an emotional event , with the death of Cannes Yacht Club president Jean-Claude Montesinos earlier this month . Castellanet paid tribute to Montesinos ' sense of humor and huge enthusiasm for the race . It is that same enthusiasm which sees thousands of crew members taking part , despite there being no prize money . Rather than staying in ritzy hotels , many sleep on board the yachts . "  A lot of different people are involved . The boat owners obviously have a high level of income . But the crews are often younger people with the strength to pull the ropes , " said Castellanet . "  It 's not about prize money . People do it for the spirit of the race . "	Introducing Rgates Royales de Cannes -- one of the world 's biggest vintage yacht races Over 100 classic boats take part , with the oldest dating back to 1896 Costing up to $ 13m , the stunning vessels are often restored using traditional techniques Follows recent death of Cannes Yacht Club president , Jean-Claude Montesinos
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Six people were killed in Pakistan on Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , local police said . Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village . Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest . The Quran is the Muslim sacred text . The Muslims went to the Christian community in Gojra City , 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Lahore , and burned 40 to 50 houses . Muslims and Christians exchanged gunfire . Police said efforts to settle the concerns with dialogue so far have failed . On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched . Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community . Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported Friday that an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks was arrested . Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the suspect as Rao Shakir Ali . Police believe he was involved in strikes on targets such as the Danish Embassy , a rally of Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , police , and a hotel . The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers  about 100 miles  northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Fighting broke out as Muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in Christian enclave Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Muslims burned 15 Christian homes on Thursday Pakistan predominantly Muslim , but has a small Christian community
New York  CNN  -- One man was killed and another was wounded after a man walked into a suburban New York business and began shooting , local officials said . The incident took place Wednesday morning at Savenergy in East Garden City on Long Island . Police identified the suspect is 63-year-old Sang Ho Kim , and said he was last seen wearing a red shirt and dark suit jacket . He fled the scene in a white Honda SUV that police said was found late Wednesday about 60 miles north in Putnam County . The wounded man underwent surgery , police said . Detective Michael Bitsko of the Nassau County Police Department told CNN the suspect is a former employee at the light fixture manufacturer . A local mall went on lock-down at the request of police after the shooting was reported , shortly after 10 a.m. Disgruntled designer shoots coworker in front of Empire State Building	NEW : Police find the vehicle of the suspect , who police name as Sang Ho Kim In addition to the one killed , another person was wounded , officials say The incident occurred at Savenergy , a light fixture manufacturer
CNN  -- Start with 19 gorgeous half-naked models , throw in a $ 2.5 million bra and a few wings that weigh up to 50 pounds a pair , and you have the elements of this year 's Victoria 's Secret fashion show . The 2011 show airs Tuesday in more than 90 countries , proving that the definition of "  sexy " may be the same on all seven continents . Dazzling women in glitter , wearing sky-high heels with elaborate underwear , are some of the obvious reasons more than 9 million viewers tuned in to last year 's show . But with this year 's scheduled performances by Jay-Z , Kanye West and Nicki Minaj , who knows how many fans are also anticipating the celebrity showcase ? Joining the group of stars , Adam Levine will perform as he walks the runway with girlfriend and Victoria 's Secret model Anne Vyalitsyna . Nine million viewers may sound like an large number of people gazing at pretty women in bras and panties . But who would n't want to see this spectacle ? "  The show fulfills a fantasy , and not just the obvious one of gorgeous women in their underwear , " said Glamour magazine contributing style editor Tracey Lomrantz . "  Everything about it is over the top , from the performances to the sets to the shoes . It lets the audience have a kind of escapist moment to a place where everything is sparkly and idyllic , " Lomrantz added . Glitter wo n't be the only thing glistening on the New York runway . This year , model Miranda Kerr will be wearing the traditional $ 2.5 million Fantasy Treasure Bra . That 's right , this Angel will be gleaming in a bra encrusted with more than 3,400 hand-placed gems . Aside from the million-dollar rocks , beauty products from the Victoria 's Secret collection will be used on all 19 models . If you 're keeping track , almost 40 cans of hairspray will be used , and 21 makeup artists will use products exclusively from the VS makeup collection , according to HollywoodLife.com . The combination of the fashion , makeup and celebrity performances will help create this year 's spectacle on a grand scale . Pretty faces on bodies with killer curves do n't hurt . Famous VS models -- or should we say Angels -- like Adriana Lima , Chanel Iman and Erin Heatherton have some of the most envied bodies that both men and women admire . "  It 's interesting how many women say they use the show as a motivator to hit the gym or to finally start their diets , " Lomrantz said . And although men often gaze at the toned bodies strutting the catwalk , some are sure not to confuse fantasy with reality . "  It is important to remember , as with all fashion shows , that what you see on the runway is not what you will see in a store -- it 's a projection of desire , " Esquire magazine 's Matt Sullivan said . These angels are n't always naturally blessed with the bodies they have . Many of the models follow a strict diet and exercise regimen . Lima admited to The Telegraph that she has been working out with a personal trainer every day since August . Fast-forward to nine days before the show , and the only thing she eats or drinks are protein shakes made with powdered eggs . Speed up to the final 12 hours , and Lima does n't consume a speck of anything -- not even water . "  No liquids at all , so you dry out . Sometimes you can lose up to eight pounds just from that , " Lima told The Telegraph . Although they put in hard work , the VS Angels end up envied . Not only do these tall beauties effortlessly balancing heavy decorated feathers in nothing but lingerie and a smile attract Nielsen ratings , but the taping of the show enjoys its fair share of media coverage . "  When there is an event this big , people pay attention , " fashion blogger Mark St. James said . "  When models look this flawless and graceful , you ca n't help but fall victim to their provocative lingerie , powerful femininity and , of course , sex appeal . " Ladies , it 's almost time to whip out your little pink bag , pump up the hair and put on your best "  Vicky C " garments in anticipation of this year 's show . Men , pop the popcorn , call your friends and get ready to gather around the TV to admire the models and rock out to the musical guests . According to St. James , "  Victoria 's Secret is the Cirque du Soleil of lingerie . The ever-increasing popularity of the Victoria 's Secret shows comes from the excitement of being apart of a world where Angels are stunningly beautiful , the industry 's top musical talent performs live , and power and sexual energy pour from the runway every year . " And thanks to the Victoria 's Secret fashion show , we 're even closer to seeing a real-life heaven on Earth .	The 2011 Victoria 's Secret fashion show will air on CBS at 10 p.m. Tuesday Jay-Z , Kanye West , Nicki Minaj and Adam Levine will perform Miranda Kerr will wear a $ 2.5 million bra with more than 3,400 hand-placed gems Adriana Lima admitted to following a strict diet in preparation for the show
Woodward , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Paul Lord 's home is a shambles , and a large bandage is draped across his head -- not from four previous brain surgeries he had endured but from the plywood that smacked him , while he was outside trying to warn a family across the street about a coming tornado . And yet Sunday , the Woodward , Oklahoma , resident was all about giving thanks . Thankful for the neighbors who , after the twister slammed through his and other homes , had rushed over and picked up the washer and driver sitting atop his grandson . Another grandson had been blown away from the house , only to be found with two big cuts on his arm . Lord also expressed appreciation for staff at Woodward Regional Hospital who , he said , had treated him and his family with a minimum of paperwork and maximum of caring and expertise . Tornado threats from Arkansas to Minnesota And lastly , he gestured to those working feverishly behind him -- some of them neighbors , some strangers -- to clear the rubble . "  We are truly blessed . God saved us , and that 's what it 's about , " Lord said . Following an earlier bout of severe weather , the tornado barreled through Woodward just after midnight Sunday . Compounding the fact it struck at such a late hour , the high winds "  took out " the transmitter for the public siren and tornado notification system , and "  we lost our manual override " when the electricity was knocked out , City Manager Alan Riffel said -- meaning there was no warning system . "  It caught us asleep , mostly , " Mayor Roscoe Hill told CNN . Afterward , it was learned that five people in Woodward -- a community of about 12,000 people about 85 miles west of Enid and not far from the Panhandle -- had died as a result . While the powerful system hit a hospital , blew truckers off highways and shredded buildings in several states , Woodward was the only place where fatalities were reported over the weekend . They include Frank Hobbie , who died along with two girls -- presumed to be his 5 - and 7-year-old daughters -- according to state medical examiner 's spokesman Amy Elliot . Hill earlier said that a father and his two children were inside a trailer at the Hidden Valley Mobile Home Park when the tornado rolled through and killed them . Elliot identified one of the other dead as Derrin Juul . A 10-year-old girl who was found with him is thought to be Juul 's daughter . Hill had said that two people died when the car they were in rolled over several times . Still , given the power and timing of the storm , Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said late Sunday afternoon that she believes it is "  remarkable that we did n't have more loss of life in Woodward . " Fallin detailed some survival stories from the small city . One man was lying asleep on his sofa , with his dog beside him , when the tornado came through , Fallin said . The intense winds picked up him and his sofa and dumped him behind his house . But except for some scrapes , he escaped unscathed . The governor also recalled how a woman described hunkering down with her family , wrapping her arms around her pregnant daughter , as the twister approached . Afterward , the daughter was rushed to a nearby hospital where her baby was delivered , safely by cesarean section , according to Fallin . Lord was a survivor long before this weekend 's storms , having undergone two heart procedures in addition to his four brain surgeries . His latest wound , a big gash to his head , was stitched back up early Sunday . He said he did not initially notice it , as he rushed to get his grandson to the hospital even before he 'd located his wife of 43 years . Hours later , Lord was back where his home once stood . People young and old were working hard nearby , tossing debris , cutting through wood with chainsaws and otherwise trying to bring order to the chaos caused by the tornado . "  This is Woodward , Oklahoma , " said Lord . "  We 're here to take care of each other ... We 're truly blessed in so many ways , and one of them is to live here . " As to what what treasured mementos he hopes to find among the wreckage , Lord said he already had everything he needed . "  I found them . My son , my daughter , my son-in-law , my grandbabies , my wife , " he said . "  Everything else is brick and stick , and they 're all easily replaced . " CNN 's Rich Phillips and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Paul Lord and his family survive after a tornado tears through his home "  God saved us , and that 's what it 's about , " says the Woodward , Oklahoma , resident Five people in Woodward were killed in the same storm Oklahoma 's governor says it is "  remarkable " the death toll there was n't higher
CNN  -- Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez is behind bars , accused of murdering three people . Long before he made national headlines , he was a standout athlete in Bristol , Connecticut , who came from a family described as a local sports dynasty . Hernandez left high school halfway through his senior year in January 2007 to join the University of Florida Gators . He entered the NFL draft after his junior year and was selected by the Patriots in the fourth round . By the end of the second season , he inked a five-year contract extension worth $ 40 million . But less than a year later , he was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd . Two hours after his arrest on June 26 , 2013 , the Patriots dropped him from the team . Hernandez has also been charged in the slayings of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , and some of his closest associates are facing serious charges in connection with the alleged crimes . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty and is expected to go on trial next year . Here is a primer on some of the names you might be hearing about ahead of his trials : Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez Odin Lloyd Odin Lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player . He was found dead on June 17 , 2013 , less than a mile from Hernandez 's home in North Attleboro , Massachusetts . He had been shot seven times . Lloyd met Hernandez while dating Shaneah Jenkins , the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins . Hernandez is charged with orchestrating Lloyd 's execution . Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado were killed outside a Boston nightclub on July 16 , 2012 . Prosecutors say de Abreu accidentally bumped into Hernandez , spilling a drink . Later that night , Hernandez was driving an SUV and allegedly pulled up alongside de Abreu and Furtado 's car near the nightclub and fired a .38 - caliber revolver at them . Alexander Bradley Alexander Bradley is a former friend of Hernandez who was allegedly with Hernandez on the night de Abreu and Furtado were killed . He is not facing any charges in that case , but he is jailed on unrelated charges . He is suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face in February 2013 . Bradley claims Hernandez accused him of "  disrespecting him " over a cell phone left in a Miami strip club . Carlos Ortiz Carlos Ortiz , nicknamed Charlie Boy , is also charged with murder in the death Odin Lloyd and has pleaded not guilty . A law enforcement source said he cooperated with police and described the night of Lloyd 's death . Ernest Wallace Ernest Wallace , nicknamed Hobo , is also charged with murder in the death of Odin Lloyd . He has pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors call him the "  muscle man " for Hernandez . They say he was in the car with Hernandez , Lloyd and Carlos Ortiz an hour before the car is seen on video heading to the industrial park where Lloyd was killed . Shayanna Jenkins Shayanna Jenkins is Hernandez 's fiancee and the mother of his daughter . She is charged with perjury , allegedly lying to a grand jury about guns in their home . She has pleaded not guilty . Her sister , Shaneah , was dating Odin Lloyd at the time of his death . Shaneah Jenkins Shaneah Jenkins is the girlfriend of Odin Lloyd . Her sister is Hernandez 's fianc  e . In court , the two sisters sit on opposite sides , Shayanna with the defense and Shaneah with the prosecution . Tanya Cummings-Singleton Tanya Cummings-Singleton is a cousin of Hernandez . In her garage , police found the SUV allegedly driven by Hernandez and linked to the 2012 Boston double homicide . She was twice charged with contempt of court for refusing to testify before two grand juries despite immunity offers . She has pleaded guilty to obstruction in the Lloyd case . She is also suffering from cancer . Thaddeus Singleton Thaddeus Singleton , husband of Tanya Cummings-Singleton , was killed in a car accident after Lloyd 's slaying . Police say his speeding car went airborne and crashed . A source says police planned to interview him about his relationship with Hernandez . Shaquilla Thibou Shaquilla Thibou is the sister of Odin Lloyd . Prosecutors say she saw her brother get into a car with Hernandez , Wallace and Ortiz before he was killed . Prosecutors say she received a text from her brother that night telling her he was with "  Nfl , " adding , "  just so u know . " Terri Hernandez Terri Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez 's mother . She is a school secretary . Dennis Hernandez Dennis Hernandez was Aaron Hernandez 's father . He had a close relationship with his sons and was deeply involved in their sports training . He died unexpectedly after hernia surgery when Hernandez was 16 . DJ Hernandez DJ Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez 's older brother . He was a star high school athlete . He also was a standout athlete at the University of Connecticut and now is an assistant coach at the University of Iowa . Andrew Booker Andrew Booker shared a jail unit with Aaron Hernandez . The two allegedly got into a jail fight , and Hernandez was indicted in Booker 's assault . The prosecution District Attorney Samuel Sutter is leading the prosecution against Hernandez , along with William McCauley and Patrick Bomberg . "  Probably my career ... will be defined more by this case than all of the other things we 've done , " Sutter told CNN . The defense Attorneys James Sultan , Michael Fee and Charles Rankin are handling Hernandez 's defense . Rankin says "  not one shred of evidence has been presented yet . " He said he is confident Hernandez will be exonerated .	Aaron Hernandez expected to go on trial in 2015 He has pleaded not guilty to three first-degree murder charges Some of his closest associates are also facing charges
Imagine being so desperate that you decide to entrust your child to a paid smuggler to help him or her cross the border into the United States . You ca n't know if your child will survive the dangerous journey through the desert , mountains or across the river . And you do n't know if he or she will be abused or deprived of air , food or water by handlers along the way . So what would make a parent take the enormous and terrifying risks anyway , and pay huge sums of money in the process ? One look at the appalling and unsafe environments these children hail from makes it clear why parents will risk so much for a better life for their children . And it is not just about the poverty . Many children , for example , have n't been able to go to school because they have been threatened by the "  mara , " or gangs . A child will be told that if he does n't cooperate , he or she will be killed . The threats are not hypothetical : They are very real , and will have been underscored by the death of friends or family members in their town . These are the horrifying dynamics that make up the plight of some of these vulnerable children , some as young as 4 , who have been crossing the border into the United States without a parent or guardian . When I joined the board of Kids In Need of Defense , or KIND , a nonprofit organization that seeks to provide pro-bono lawyers to represent unaccompanied minors navigating our immigration system , I did n't know that we were on the verge of a massive humanitarian crisis . There were no front-page articles about the thousands of children crossing the border . It was n't the lead story on cable news . They were n't trending on Twitter . So , I had questions about how we should respond , including the moral hazard risk of encouraging ever growing numbers of children to attempt the perilous journey if we said all were welcome . But I also knew we could not treat these vulnerable children as criminals undeserving of compassion . Which is why I decided to learn more about their plight and our nation 's legal and social response . As part of this determination to find out more , I recently spent two afternoons at a local shelter in New York doing art projects with a group of boys from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . Art is a universal language and a great nonverbal way to express emotions and experiences . The boys all introduced themselves , some with a shy smile and eye contact , others more warily . The caseworkers told me how grateful and polite the boys had been once they realized they were going to be treated with kindness . After arriving at Newark airport in shackles and with only the shirts on their backs , the boys received showers , food , a bed , bandages for leg and foot wounds and a change of clothes . They still did n't know where they would be going or what would happen to them , but for the moment they were safe and appreciative . One boy had been making paper flowers with hidden messages of gratitude in the petals . "  God bless you for having such big hearts , " one petal said . On my second visit , I heard about some of the family reunifications that had occurred in the interim , with boys either being picked up by or delivered to a parent whom some had not seen in years . They described a mix of excitement , anxiety and joy , with many tears shed by the caseworkers who witnessed the reunions . But half that group of boys was still there , and more were due to arrive the next day . The boys made collages depicting their journeys through the desert : the snakes , the coyotes , the dirty river , the truck , and the train commonly referred to as "  La Bestia "  The Beast  because of its many dangers . They worked in silence and with intense focus . After finishing , one boy decided to add a layer of ribbons over the journey picture and explained that they were now "  Feliz , " which , even with my limited Spanish , I knew meant "  happy " or "  fortunate . " The Spanish-speaking caseworker later explained that while one of the boys had fled his town because he had been constantly attacked with rocks and was sexually abused because he was gay , most had left to escape deadly gang violence in their towns . There are many aspects of this problem that may divide us , including all kinds of fears , funding limitations and the debate about the demand for illegal drugs that gives oxygen to gangs . But it is the human piece to the puzzle that might be the one best able to unite us . The fact is that if we look at our family trees , most Americans are the sons and daughters , the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of immigrants . Each of our forebears had their own compelling reasons to make their dangerous journey to America . The cornerstone of the Statue of Liberty reminds us , in poet Emma Lazarus ' words : "  Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . " Even though the surge has abated somewhat , there are still tens of thousands of children in need of a safe place to call home . Each of these vulnerable children would benefit from having a volunteer lawyer present their case so our immigration court judges can assess whether they need refugee status , asylum , or if they can be safely returned home . These children deserve our compassion and a chance at a safe future , not our kicks and turned backs . "  Our need for compassion is profound and basic , " psychologist Martha Straus once said . "  From the beginning of time , this is what 's made us human . " The boys I met in the shelter are no exception .	Carole Geithner looks at why parents smuggle children to United States She says pressure on children to join gangs is one reason Children need fair immigration hearings to decide their fate , she says
GAFFNEY , South Carolina  CNN  -- Investigators believe the serial killer blamed for five deaths in South Carolina died in a shootout with police in neighboring North Carolina on Monday , a South Carolina state police official said . Patrick Tracy Burris , 41 , was believed to be the suspect in five slayings in South Carolina , authorities say . Tests on the gun found on 41-year-old Patrick Tracy Burris match the weapon used in the killings that have haunted Gaffney , South Carolina , since June 27 , said Reggie Lloyd , director of South Carolina 's State Law Enforcement Division . The dead suspect and his vehicle appear to match descriptions circulated by investigators in Gaffney , he said . "  We believe a killer is off the streets , " Lloyd said . Burris was killed early Monday morning in Dallas , North Carolina , after police received a call about a possible burglary in progress , officers there said . At a news conference Monday evening , investigators described him as a "  habitual felon " with a record in several states who was on probation at the time he was killed . When police arrived at the home , they found inside two people who lived there and a third who was an acquaintance , said Bill Blanton , the sheriff of Cherokee County , South Carolina . Police checked Burris ' background and found there was an outstanding warrant on him from a probation violation from Lincoln County , North Carolina . Watch Lloyd say why police think they 've got their man " When police attempted to serve the warrant , Burris shot at the officers , who returned fired , Blanton said . One officer was shot in the leg and was treated and released from a hospital , police said . At a news conference Monday night , Lloyd held up what he said was Burris ' 25-page rap sheet , including a lengthy history of armed robberies , forgeries , break-ins and several other charges from several states . "  At some point the criminal justice system is going to have to explain why this individual was out on the streets -- we owe that to the victims , " he said . About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case , Blanton said . Leaves for all members of the Gaffney Police Department and the Sheriff 's Department were canceled , their respective chiefs have said . The first shooting occurred June 27 , when peach farmer Kline W. Cash , 63 , was killed . His wife found him dead in their home , the sheriff 's office said , and Blanton said the home may have been robbed . Four days later , the bound and shot bodies of Hazel Linder , 83 , and her 50-year-old daughter , Gena Linder Parker , were found in Linder 's home , where she lived alone . Blanton said authorities are still trying to determine if anything was taken from that home . The killer 's last victim was 15-year-old Abby Tyler , who was shot last week and died Saturday . Her father Stephen Tyler , 48 , had been pronounced dead at the scene of the shooting , in their family-run furniture and appliance store . See a map of where the bodies were found " Lloyd said investigators had evidence that put Burris at the scene of the killings , but did not know a motive . "  There 's no hard evidence as to what connections he had with this community or why he targeted these victims , " Lloyd said . He added that the investigation is ongoing , and that officials are trying to determine what the suspect was up to between the killings and after the last the shooting . "  We do n't believe at this point anyone else was involved in the murders , but anything could turn up , " he said . CNN 's David Mattingly , Carolina Sanchez , Richard Lui , Mike Brooks and Stan Moberg contributed to this report .	"  We believe a killer is off the streets , " official says North Carolina authorities shoot Patrick Burris , 41 , after he confronts police Weapon found on man matches gun used in South Carolina killings Killer has slain five people in Gaffney , South Carolina , area , police say
Hong Kong  CNN  A Canadian pastor , who went to North Korea on a humanitarian trip in late January , is being held in the reclusive Communist state , his family said early Thursday . The family of Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim said they received notice from Canadian officials that Pyongyang has confirmed that the pastor is being held . "  The Lim family and the church community is asking fellow Canadians and the international community to continue praying for his release and safe return home , " a family spokeswoman said in a short emailed statement . Lim , 60 , went to North Korea on a humanitarian trip as he had done over a hundred times before , said Lisa Pak , a spokeswoman for his church , based in Mississauga , Ontario . On January 30 , Lim traveled to North Korea from China with a companion from the church who last spoke with him the following day . Lim was scheduled to return February 4 from what was described as a "  routine " trip to Rajin , in northeastern North Korea , where his church supports a nursery , orphanage and nursing home , according to the Light Korean Presbyterian Church . In 1986 , Lim immigrated to Canada from South Korea with his wife and son . He speaks fluent Korean and leads a 3,000-member church . Pak , the church 's spokeswoman , said she does n't believe Lim would have engaged in any type of proselytizing , which is prohibited in North Korea . "  He knows the language , he knows the nature of the government , so we do n't see that as a legitimate reason that he would be detained , " she said . "  We do n't believe that 's the way he would have behaved . He 's very wise about that . " Previously , North Korea has detained Westerners on religious grounds . Cases include American Kenneth Bae , who was detained for two years after North Korea accused him of trying to bring down the government through religious activities . Bae was released in November . Another American , Jeffrey Fowle , was arrested after leaving a Bible at a club in North Korea and released after five months in detention . Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen sentenced to eight years of hard labor and believed to be a Christian activist , was released from North Korea in 2010 after a visit to Pyongyang by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report from Seoul , South Korea , and Tina Burnside from Atlanta .	Hyeon Soo Lim , 60 , speaks Korean fluently and has visited North Korea numerous times North Korea has detained Westerners on religious grounds .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown has "  made significant strides " in staying sober since he got out of jail in June , the singer 's psychiatrist said . The doctor 's letter to Brown 's probation officer said he 's "  working on personal growth " and "  is taking responsibility for his behaviors " in the two months since he was freed from jail . Those behaviors have included an alleged sidewalk fight that sent him to jail in Washington , D.C. , in October and a violent outburst that got him booted from a drug rehab program in November . The doctor 's treatment is part of his probation sentence for an attack on then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009 . Brown , 25 , was in a Los Angeles court on Wednesday for a status hearing on his probation , which will end on January 23 , 2015 , as long as he stays out of legal trouble and completes another 600 hours of community labor . Judge James Brandlin praised the singer for his favorable probation report , which is a contrast to several recent reports that culminated in Brown spending four months in court-ordered rehab and three months in jail . "  Mr. Brown has made significant strides in maintaining his sobriety , as well as developing skills that promote personal growth , " wrote the doctor , whose name was deleted from the report . Read Brown 's probation report  PDF He has passed all drug tests since he was freed from the Los Angeles County jail on June 2 , the probation report said . Brandlin rewarded Brown by reducing random drug tests from three times a week to twice each week . But drug use -- specifically marijuana -- has n't been Brown 's only challenge . He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder , which is blamed for violent outbursts . Chris Brown apologizes for ` GMA ' outburst He still faces trial this fall in Washington on a misdemeanor assault charge stemming from the sidewalk fight . He was booted from one rehab facility in November because he stormed out of a family counseling session and smashed the window of his mother 's Mercedes with a rock . But Brown is taking his twice-a-week court-ordered psychological therapy sessions seriously , the doctor said . "  He continues to show great perseverance in implementing recommendations made by his treatment team , utilizing his learned skills and seeking guidance in his recovery process , " his doctor reported . Brown 's efforts to remain calm and in control appeared successful at the courthouse , despite some tense encounters with the news media covering Wednesday 's hearing . He quietly watched as a TMZ reporter attempted to get on a courthouse elevator with him after the hearing . He left it to bodyguard Christopher Hollosy to repeatedly nudge the reporter until he was out the door . Hollosy , a large man who is fiercely protective of his client , was found guilty in April of attacking the same man in Washington that Brown is accused of hitting . When he encountered news photographers at the front courthouse exit , Brown retreated to a rear door , appearing unshaken and unemotional . The only woman with Brown at Wednesday 's court date was his mother . She has been with him at almost all the hearings , except immediately after the window-smashing incident . Rihanna , who reunited with Brown at times in recent years , came to show her support for him at a hearing in February 2013 . Karrueche Tran , his on-again , off-again , girlfriend is off again . She has attended most of Brown 's recent hearings , including the last one in May . She was not in court Wednesday . Brown was a young teenager when his remarkable dancing and singing talents made him a pop star . He was 19 when he smashed Rihanna 's face with his fist during an argument inside a rented Lamborghini on the evening of the 2009 Grammy Awards . Rihanna gives painful details of Chris Brown assault "  Mr. Brown continues to work on gaining further insight into his thought processes and is taking responsibility for his behaviors , " his doctor said . "  He is also working on personal growth as well as symptom management . "	Brown 's doctor : He 's "  working on personal growth " and "  taking responsibility for his behaviors " Judge praises Brown for his good probation report on Wednesday The singer is still on probation for a 2009 attack on Rihanna He 's on track to complete his probation next January
CNN  -- Australia edged the British and Irish Lions 16-15 in Melbourne Saturday to set up a thrilling climax to their three-Test series next weekend . The home side , who lost the first Test in Brisbane , trailed for most of a match of ferocious intensity until Adam Ashley-Cooper crossed for a late try . Christian Leali'ifano , drafted in by the Wallabies after poor kicking cost them dear last week , duly converted to leave them a single point ahead . The Lions mounted a desperate late attack to rescue the situation and with the clock going past the regulation 80 minutes won a penalty from just inside their own half . Full-back Leigh Halfpenny had the right direction with his effort but it fell a few meters shot of the posts to leave Australia to savor a revenge win . They will go to Sydney next week looking to repeat the events of 2001 when the Lions also lost in Melbourne before Australia won the decider 29-23 . Lions coach Warren Gatland refused to blame Welshman Halfpenny for his late failure from long range . "  I 've seen him kick them from there before . He just did n't strike that one well enough . Just a chance to be a hero in that moment , " he said . "  Hes obviously disappointed with himself , but he still kicked incredibly well . "  He 's such a professional . He realizes the significance of that kick at the end and he 's just disappointed he missed . " The Lions led 12-9 at halftime , all their points coming from the ever reliable boot of Halfpenny with penalties , his only miss another from distance which struck the crossbar between the posts . Leali'ifano kept Australia in touch with three assured penalties of his own in a match of few try scoring opportunities . Halfpenny kicked the Lions into a six-point advantage with a further penalty after the interval , but the surges of Wallabies new boy Israel Folau set them up for their decisive try . It was reward for their greater invention and Ashley-Cooper took full advantage from close range . "  Very proud . It does n't get any bigger than that . They knew the context , " said Australia coach Robbie Deans . "  They knew that if they were n't successful in scoring a try and converting , the series would be done , " he added .	Australia beat British and Irish Lions 16-15 in second Test Late try from Adam Ashley-Cooper proves decisive Levels three-Test series at 1-1 ahead of final match in Sydney Leigh Halfpenny comes up short with late penalty for Lions
CNN  -- Russia 's president visited the disputed Kuril Islands on Monday , over Japanese protest , Russian state media said . The Japanese government , which had urged against the visit , quickly responded after the trip . Prime Minister Naoto Kan told reporters President Dmitry Medvedev 's visit was " extremely regrettable . " Medvedev visited the island of Kunashiri , the first time a sitting Russian president has set foot on any of the chain of more than 50 islands in the northwest Pacific . He made the stop during an Asian tour that included a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations over the weekend in Vietnam . "  To bring the people 's living standards on the islands up to the level of Russia proper , it is necessary to make sure that the services that the citizens receive in this remote region are comparable to those in ... the rest of the country , " Medvedev said on state television . "  It is necessary to ensure that doctors and other specialists go there . " Medvedev said on state television that after speaking with residents , he believes the islands do not have enough medical specialists , and called for a plan that would include a housing construction program to provide housing to those who choose to move there as an incentive . The Kurils stretch between Russia in the north and Japan in the south . Following Japan 's defeat in World War II , the Soviet Union in 1945 annexed the four southernmost islands , which previously belonged to Japan . Ever since , the islands -- called the South Kurils by Russia and the Northern Territories by Japan -- have been the subject of dispute . That dispute has prevented the two countries from signing a formal peace treaty following World War II . In a speech on Russian state TV , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called Japan 's reaction to the visit "  unacceptable . " "  It is our land , " he said . "  The Russian president visited Russian land , Russian territory , a Russian region . We have explained that to our Japanese partners . The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement posted on its website that it told Masaharu Kono , the Japanese ambassador in Moscow , that Japan 's protests over the visit were impermissible . "  It was indicated to the Japanese side that its attempts to influence the choice of domestic routes by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev were totally unacceptable and incompatible with neighbourly relations between Russia and Japan that have taken place in recent years , " the statement said . Lavrov had said earlier that the ambassador would be summoned to the ministry "  and we will once again clearly and unequivocally reiterate our position . We will not take any steps that might impede the Russian-Japanese cooperation , but the Japanese side should , of course , draw conclusions . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Japanese ambassador told protests are "  unacceptable " Russian president says better medical care needed in region The Japanese government had urged against such a visit Japan 's prime minister called the trip "  regrettable "
CNN  -- Investigators continued their search Tuesday for a 7-year-old girl who was reported missing after her mother was found dead in Oklahoma . "  We 've got to find that little girl , " Special Agent Ray Homer of the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said . "  We 're doing what we can . " The girl -- Aja Daniell Johnson -- was reported missing from Geronimo , Oklahoma , late Sunday , the bureau said . Her 37-year-old mother , Tonya Hobbs , was found dead inside a parked RV . They also are trying to find the dead woman 's estranged husband , Lester William Hobbs , 46 , the bureau has said . Lester Hobbs and Aja are presumed to be in Hobbs ' car -- a white 1992 Toyota Paseo with Oklahoma tag No. 577-BPW , police said . Police were looking for Hobbs and Aja in Oklahoma and Texas . Authorities were working with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children on Tuesday to set up a toll-free phone line and put Aja 's photo on a Web site of missing children , Homer said . They have had no communication with Lester Hobbs or anyone else that would indicate Aja 's location , he said . Tonya Hobbs and her daughter visited Lester Hobbs at his sister 's home , the bureau said . Lester Hobbs is not Aja 's biological father , police said . Texas authorities also issued an Amber Alert , Texas Department of Public Safety spokeswoman Lisa Block said . Authorities believe Hobbs has connections to Rockport , Texas , and the alert was issued preemptively , she said . Tonya Hobbs and her daughter were last seen Saturday night . Authorities did not say how Hobbs died , but the bureau said investigators believe someone killed her . The RV belonged to Lester Hobbs and was parked at his relatives ' home , Richard Goss , agent in charge of the bureau 's Lawton , Oklahoma , office , told reporters . Hobbs ' relatives became suspicious Sunday after they did not see Tonya Hobbs or Aja . One of them pried open the RV door and discovered Tonya Hobbs ' body , he said . Lester Hobbs and Aja were gone , Goss said . The Hobbses were separated , but apparently Tonya Hobbs was visiting Lester Hobbs in an attempt to reconcile , Goss said . The couple had been together for about five years . The Comanche County , Oklahoma , Sheriff 's Office said Aja has a medical condition that requires medication . "  Our main concern at this time is to find the little girl , " Comanche County Sheriff Kenny Stradley told reporters . "  We know that she does need some medication , " and authorities were checking leads regarding that , he said . He did not specify Aja 's medical condition . Goss said Lester Hobbs has an extensive criminal history , but did not elaborate . The sheriff 's office said he had prior felony convictions . Lester Hobbs was supposed to appear in court in Lincoln County , Oklahoma , on a DUI charge , Goss said , and did not appear , so a warrant has been issued for him . Aja 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City . At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with Aja and keep the girl away from Lester Hobbs , the documents said . Aja is 4 feet tall and weighs 59 pounds , Goss said . She has brown eyes , and her hair is brown with the ends dyed black . Lester Hobbs is about 6-foot-1 and 190 pounds , with hazel eyes and brown hair , according to the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation . The agency released a picture of him and said he has a mustache but no longer has a goatee . Geronimo is about 12 miles south of Lawton , Oklahoma , in the south-central part of the state .	Girl 's mother was found dead inside parked RV ; estranged husband sought for questioning Police say man , girl presumed to be traveling in a white 1992 Toyota Paseo Authorities think man has connections to Rockport , Texas , so Amber Alert issued there Sheriff 's Office said girl has a medical condition that requires medication
CNN  -- In Tunisia , an Islamic party wins the election . In Libya , statements about adopting Sharia , or Islamic law , raise concerns about the future . In Egypt , the Muslim Brotherhood strategizes about how best to score political gains . In the West , real fears arise that the Arab Spring will spawn new states more akin to the principles of al Qaeda and Hamas than fledgling democracies . Political Islam is sure to be a factor as major change sweeps through formerly despotic nations . But exactly how is a question that is up for intense debate . The idea of political Islam raises eyebrows among secularists , women , minority religions who fear their ways of life will come under serious threat if Islamic parties enforce their will . But some caution against looking at Islam 's role too simplistically -- it is , after all , deeply rooted in the region . "  Political Islam is basically Western alarmism , " said Ebrahim Moosa , professor of religion at Duke University . "  It 's lazy analysis to dredge up images of a Khomeini-like prospect for any country , " he said referring to the Iranian revolutionary leader . So when Libya 's National Transitional Council Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil announces that any law contradicting Islamic principles of Sharia are ineffective , it does n't mean that Libyans will have hands cut off for stealing or women will be forced to cover up head to toe , Moosa said . What Jalil 's comments will mean in practice has yet to be determined , said British writer Patrick Seale in Middle East Online . "  It needs to be stressed that each country 's experience will be different . " Libya 's ambassador to the United States , Ali Suleiman Aujali , said Sharia is not necessarily against democracy and equality . And Jalil quickly reassured the international community that Libyans are moderate Muslims . Moosa said it 's almost impossible to be a leader of a Muslim nation without paying obeisance to Sharia . Saddam Hussein did it in Iraq ; Hosni Mubarak did it in Egypt . "  It 's like the president of the United States saying , ` God bless America , ' " Moosa said . "  It 's your credibility marker that you are a believer , a way to show religious credentials . " In Tunisia , Rashid Ghannouchi , the founder of the winning Ennahda party , is known to be a philosophical thinker drawn to the Turkish model of governance and faith -- an officially secular country ruled by an Islamist party . Turkey 's constitution limits the public exhibition of religion . Moosa sees Turkey as a nation that has internalized Islamic ethics . And Tunisia , he said , could do the same , where Islam could play a public role but with filters . Moosa , who said he knows Ghannouchi fairly well , said the Ennahda leader was alarmed when Khomeini issued a death fatwa against author Salman Rushdie after the publication of "  The Satanic Verses " -- a novel written by Rushdie that has been decried as blasphemy by some Islamic fundamentalists . Ennahda is not looking to impose Sharia as it has traditionally been imposed wrote Philadelphia Inquirer columnist Trudy Rubin . The party 's leadership contends Sharia is a set of principles open to interpretation , wrote Rubin . Rubin recently met with Ghannounchi and Hamadi Jebali , Ennahda 's secretary general , and wrote that both men see Sharia as a "  body of immutable demands . " "  We know there are some Muslims who do not believe in democracy or freedoms in society , " Jebali told her . "  We consider this a wrong interpretation . For us , the authority in Islam is given to the people , and even the legislative power should come from the people . " The key is for Western nations to exercise patience , said Akbar Ahmed , a professor of Islamic studies at American University . "  Certain parties may have a tendency toward Islam . They may succeed or they may not , " he said . "  But we have to give them a chance . " Ahmed said democracy is a Western ideal that is foreign to many Muslim nations . It took the United States centuries to perfect its own brand of democracy . Why then , should Washington expect Tunisia , Libya or Egypt to achieve perfection overnight , Ahmed asked . Part of the problem , he said , is that after three decades of hostage taking , terror threats and attacks by Islamic groups , Western nations now associate Islam with unsavory actions and the word Islamic has taken on a negative connotation . "  It is important to understand that most Muslims in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya want justice , " Ahmed said . "  They want compassion . They want incorruptibility , honesty from their rulers . All of them quote Islamic precedence for these features . In the ideal , Islam promises that these rulers must have these virtues . " Moosa said he would not be surprised if some time down the line , discordant voices rise up in Tunisia to advocate for what they view as genuine Sharia . "  One hopes saner voices will slap them down , " he said . But it 's that debate that will make the Arab world 's post-dictatorship nations a real test for whether Sharia can ever be reconciled with democracy . Islamic law , said Moosa , can be interpreted as a need for providing for the poor , stable governance and implementing a rule of law that is in the best interests of the people . "  What does Sharia mean ? " he said . "  There has not been an honest conversation on what it can be . " The answers will help define how the people of the Arab Spring try to rebuild their nations .	Political Islam is sure to be a factor as change sweeps through Arab nations But can Islamic law be reconciled with democracy ? Tunisia 's leadership may look to Turkey as a model Libyans reassure the West they are moderate Muslims
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Protesters draped themselves in the colorful flag of Tibet and shouted slogans at the Chinese embassy in London on Saturday at the start of a demonstration to mark the 50th anniversary since the Tibetan uprising against China . Protesters have gathered in London to mark the 50th anniversary of the Tibet uprising . "  Tibetans in Tibet -- we are with you ! " they shouted . "  China , China , China -- out , out , out ! " The small but fervent group marched from the embassy through west London to Trafalgar Square , where they were due to hear a speech by Thomas Shao Jiang , a Chinese dissident who was one of the student organizers of the Tiananmen Square protest in Beijing in 1989 . "  I think it 's important that Tibet is kept in the world 's eye , " protester Chris Last told CNN amid placards declaring "  50 years too long " and "  We are Tibetans , not Chinese . " While Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government , its current government is directed from Beijing . The Dalai Lama , traditionally the spiritual and political leader of the Tibetan Buddhists , lives in exile in India . Tuesday marks the 50th anniversary of a failed 1959 uprising against Beijing 's rule that sent the Dalai Lama into exile . Protest organizers said the march was meant to draw public attention to what they say is a deepening crisis a year after China cracked down on protests across Tibet . "  British Prime Minister  Gordon Brown and other world leaders must respond urgently and publicly to the Tibet crisis by taking immediate action , " said Stephanie Brigden , director of Free Tibet . "  They should demand that China calls off its security stranglehold in Tibet as an essential first step towards backing the Dalai Lama 's initiative in finding a long-term and negotiated settlement to China 's occupation . " Tibetan Buddhists say they resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the largest ethnic group in China . That resentment spilled over last March , when Buddhist monks initiated peaceful anti-Chinese protests in the regional capital , Lhasa , on the 49th anniversary of the uprising . The protests soon turned violent , with demonstrators burning vehicles and shops . Some protesters advocated independence from China , while others demonstrated against the growing influence of the Han Chinese in the area and other regions of China with ethnic Tibetan populations . The subsequent crackdown left 18 civilians and one police officer dead , according to the Chinese government . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . China accuses the Dalai Lama of fomenting the discord in his homeland -- a charge he denies . "  The Dalai Lama demanded the establishment of the so-called ` Greater Tibetan area ' on a quarter of the Chinese territory , to drive away Chinese army stationed there guarding the Chinese territory , and to drive away Chinese people of other ethnic groups who lived there for generations . Is such a person a religious figure ? " Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Saturday . "  The conflict between him and us is not religious conflict , human rights conflict , ethnic conflict , nor cultural conflict , " Yang said . "  The conflict is whether or not to maintain China 's unification , and whether or not to permit Tibet to be separated from the Chinese territory . " The Dalai Lama has said he does not advocate violence or a separate and independent Tibet . He has said he wants a genuine autonomy that preserves the cultural heritage of the region . "  I 'm just disgusted with the way the Chinese behave towards the Tibetans . Even if you accept that Tibet has been swallowed up by China , why ca n't they give to them autonomy , respect their religion , their culture ? " protester Bob Hunt said Saturday . "  These are peaceable people , one of the most peaceable people in the world . " Protester Shobha Trivedi said she hoped the protest march would make people more aware of the situation inside Tibet . "  I feel as a human being , what  the  Chinese are doing for 50 years , nobody 's bothering with it , " she said . "  And it 's a real shame on everyone . "	London protesters marking 50th anniversary of Tibetan uprising against China Dalai Lama , traditional spiritual and political leader of Tibetan Buddhists , in exile Protesters claim situation in Tibet is getting worse
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Authorities in Uganda were investigating the death of a U.S. reality television producer whose work included "  The Amazing Race " and "  Whale Wars , ' " officials said Wednesday . Andrew Kaweesi , commander of the Kampala Metropolitan Police Force , said that , based on preliminary toxicology results , officials believe Jeff Rice died of a drug overdose . Kaweesi said he did not know what drug may have been involved . An official police statement will be issued Thursday , according to Kaweesi . Rice 's body was found late last week in a hotel room , according to reports . Sally Blackman , Rice 's wife and business partner , announced his death Sunday . "  Jeff was on a film production in Uganda and was doing what he loves . ... He was a true asset to the film industry worldwide and Africa was his ` home , ' " Blackman wrote . The nature of Rice 's work in Kampala was not immediately known . Earlier Wednesday , Blackman wrote CNN in an e-mail that "  this is a tragic event and it is unbelievable to read the messages of how many lives  Rice  has positively influenced . " CNN was trying to contact her and other family members for comment , including their reaction to the assertion Rice died of an overdose . Rice is survived by daughters , ages 2 and 7 . The U.S. Embassy in Uganda referred questions on the investigation to Kampala police . Rice , who also served as a production facilitator , and Blackman were co-owners of SB Productions in Durban , South Africa . Rice was a native of Oklahoma . He worked as a freelance facilitator for the latest season of CBS 's "  The Amazing Race , " which wrapped up shooting months ago . Rice was not working with the show at the time of his death . Bertram van Munster , co-creator and executive producer of "  The Amazing Race , " said in a statement that the show 's team "  is shocked and deeply saddened to learn of Jeff 's untimely death . ... He was well liked and his work was highly respected . " Rice served as a production facilitator in 2010 for SyFy 's "  Destination Truth , " the show 's executive producer said in a statement . Shooting took place in Madagascar and Namibia . He also assisted in production of "  Whale Wars " for Animal Planet . "  Jeff  became an absolute expert in how to do productions in countries all over the continent , from Tanzania to Madagascar , " said Liz Bronstein , executive producer for Lizard Trading Co. , which produces "  Whale Wars . " Rice "  was given a name by the Zulu people : Lengai , which means ' a gift from God . " I 've never met anyone like Jeff . He made working in the toughest environments look effortless , " Bronstein said in a statement . Bronstein said Rice wrote her e-mails last week from Uganda indicating he planned to be in the country through mid-March . Journalist Gregory Branch and CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and HLN 's Anisa Husain contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The Amazing Race " team is "  shocked " and "  saddened " American producer was found dead in Uganda Police attribute death to drug overdose ; report to be issued Jeff Rice worked on several reality TV shows
