CNN  -- Andy Murray has spent much of the past few weeks watching the action unfold on the television -- but the World No. 2 says his injury-enforced absence has rekindled his passion for tennis . The Briton , who reached the final at Wimbledon last year , returned to Queen 's Club Thursday to finish off his rain delayed game with Nicolas Mahut before sweeping aside Australia 's Marinko Matosevic 6-2 6-2 in 56 minutes . And after shrugging off a recurrence of the back injury which he suffered at the Rome Masters in May , Murray is far more grateful for the time he spends on court after being forced to withdraw from the French Open . "  I think it can be easy to take things for granted sometimes , " Murray told reporters . "  You know , I played pretty much every Slam for about seven years and I missed it . It was difficult watching and not being there . "  You realize how much you love competing and you love being around the tournaments . "  When everything is good and you 're healthy and you 're playing every week you do n't often think about it that much . "  And when you 're away from it and you miss one of the biggest tournaments , one of the tournaments you prepare extremely hard for and put the hard work in for , then it 's tough . "  I was really looking forward to getting back on the court again and hopefully I can have a good week . " Murray was beaten by Roger Federer in the final at Wimbledon just over 12 months ago but got revenge on the Swiss by taking Olympic gold in fine fashion . And after coming through the best part of two games in a single day , the 26-year-old is confident he 's well on the way to regaining full fitness . "  I feel good . That was what was most pleasing about the matches , " Murray said . "  There was a lot of stops and starts on Wednesday , having to warm up and cool down and stuff . "  But everything felt good and I woke up this morning with no real stiffness , which is good . "  I thought I moved pretty well . Normally the first couple of matches here the court is quite slippery , and that 's something I have struggled with the last few years . "  This time I have n't slipped down once . That has been a good sign . " Murray , who will be back on court Friday to face Germany 's Benjamin Becker in the quarterfinals , added : "  I probably feel a bit more confident coming into this grass court season because of how I played on it last year . "  I think because I managed to win some big matches and play well on the grass last year , I know what I did well and what I need to keep doing . " Elsewhere , Lleyton Hewitt continued his impressive run of form with a 5-7 6-3 6-4 win over American Sam Querrey . Hewitt , 32 , will face former U.S. Open winner Juan Martin del Potro , who needed less than an hour to see off British wildcard Dan Evans . Second seed Tomas Berdych eased through to the last eight with a 6-3 6-4 win over Slovenia 's Grega Zemlja and will now face defending champion Marin Cilic . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was forced to play two three set matches in one day to book his place in the quarterfinals and a meeting with America 's Denis Kudla . Tsonga , seeded fourth , defeated fellow Frenchman , Edouard Roger-Vasselin 6-3 6-7 6-3 early Thursday before seeing off Dutchman Igor Sijsling 7-5 5-7 6-3 . Elsewhere , Tommy Haas continued the defense of his title at the Halle Open by reaching the last eight with a straight sets win over Ernests Gulbis . Haas will play Gael Monfils for a place in the last eight . There were also wins for 2011 champion Philipp Kohlschreiber and France 's Richard Gasquet .	Andy Murray thrilled to be back in action after missing French Open World No. 2 missed Roland Garros with back problem Murray won both matches Thursday to make quarterfinals at Queen 's Club Briton reached final of last year 's Wimbledon and won Olympic gold at same venue
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe admitted Wednesday that the symbol of the neutral Red Cross organization was used in a hostage rescue mission that freed 15 people from leftist rebels two weeks ago . What seems to be part of a red cross is seen on a bib worn by a man involved in the rescue in this official image . Uribe made the admission after CNN reported on unpublished photographs and videos that clearly showed a man wearing a Red Cross bib . Wrongly using the Red Cross logo is prohibited by the Geneva Conventions . The man was a member of the Colombian military intelligence team involved in the daring rescue , Uribe said in an address carried on national TV and radio . The president said that as the constitutional head of the armed forces , he takes full political responsibility for what he described as a slip-up . "  This officer , upon confessing his mistake to his superiors , said when the -LSB- rescue -RSB- helicopter was about to land ... he saw so many guerrillas that he went into a state of angst , " Uribe said . "  He feared for his life and put on the Red Cross bib over his jacket . " However , the confidential military source who showed CNN the photographs that included the man wearing the bib said they were taken moments before the mission took off . Uribe said he was sorry for the mistake and has apologized to ICRC officials . There will be no official sanction against the man wearing the bib , he indicated . Such a use of the Red Cross emblem could constitute a "  war crime " under the Geneva Conventions and international humanitarian law and could endanger humanitarian workers in the future , according to international legal expert Mark Ellis , executive director of the International Bar Association . The ICRC mission in Bogota said in a written statement that it "  noted " Uribe 's announcement . The ICRC mission in Bogota said in a written statement : "  As guardian of international humanitarian law , the ICRC reminds that the use of the Red Cross emblem is specifically regulated by the Geneva Conventions and its additional protocols . "  The Red Cross emblem has to be respected in all circumstances and can not be used in an abusive manner . "  The ICRC as neutral and impartial must have the confidence of all the sides in the conflict in order to carry out its humanitarian work . " Colombian military intelligence used the Red Cross emblem in a rescue operation in which leftist guerrillas were duped into handing over 15 hostages , including former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt . Photographs of the Colombian military intelligence-led team that spearheaded the rescue , shown to CNN by a confidential military source , show one man wearing a bib with the Red Cross symbol . The military source said the three photos were taken moments before the mission took off to persuade the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  rebels to release the hostages to a supposed international aid group for transport to another rebel area . Ellis said the conventions were "  very strict " regarding use of the symbol because of what it represented : impartiality , neutrality . Watch possible misuse of emblem " "  If you use the emblem in a deceitful way , generally the conventions say it would be a breach . -LSB- Based on the information as explained to me , -RSB- the way that the images show the Red Cross emblem being used could be distinguished as a war crime , " Ellis added . The unpublished video and photos of the mission , hailed internationally as a daring success , were shown to CNN by a military source looking to sell the material . CNN declined to buy the material at the price being asked ; it was therefore unable to verify the authenticity of the images . Uribe and his top generals had categorically denied that international humanitarian symbols were used in the July 2 rescue mission that freed the prized hostages . The hostages had endured years of harsh captivity and deprivation in jungle camps since being captured or kidnapped . Some were held for as long as 10 years . The rescue ruse also included bogus communications , sent electronically and by human couriers , to convince FARC rebels that superiors were ordering them to hand over hostages to the group posing as aid workers for transfer to another rebel camp . Misuse of the Red Cross emblem is governed by articles 37 , 38 and 85 of Additional Protocol One to the Geneva Conventions , the international rules of war . The articles prohibit "  feigning of protected status by the use of ... emblems " of neutral parties and say that such misuses are considered breaches of international humanitarian law that qualify as a "  war crime . " Colombia signed the Geneva Conventions in 1949 . That prohibition was put in place to protect the neutrality of the International Committee of the Red Cross and the United Nations in an armed conflict and to guarantee their access to all sides . Use of those emblems by one side of a conflict , for example , could endanger aid workers because those on another side might no longer trust that symbols they see really represent those humanitarian organizations . Among the photos shown to CNN are some bearing a date stamp of July 2 , taken at an unidentified landing site in the jungle alongside a farm house . In one of those photographs , about 15 members of a Colombian military intelligence-led team pose for a photo alongside a helicopter . One of the members , dressed in a dark red T-shirt or polo shirt , khaki cargo pants and a black-and-white Arab-style scarf , also wears a bib of the type worn by Red Cross workers . The bib bears the Red Cross symbol in the center of two black circles on a white background . In the space between the two black circles appear in capital letters the French words "  Comite International Geneve "  International Committee Geneva  . The same man is standing in the doorway of the helicopter , a Russian-made MI-17 painted white and orange , in another photo . In a third photo , he is pictured walking near the helicopter still wearing the bib . The same man pictured in the photos can be seen fleetingly in a heavily edited video of the rescue mission issued to the media by the Defense Ministry two days after the hostages were freed . In one frame , part of what appears to be the Red Cross bib is visible as the man wearing it stands in a jungle clearing alongside guerrilla commanders Gerardo Antonio Aguilar , alias Cesar , and Alexander Farfan , known as Enrique Gafas , who were captured in the operation . The red blur of a Red Cross can be seen and part of the two black circles of the emblem and the capital letters "  EVE " . Those are also the last three letters of word Geneve  Geneva  , which appears on the official ICRC emblem and bib . In two other frames of the officially released video , the same man , dressed in the same clothes as in the pre-departure photos , can be seen still wearing the predominantly white bib tied at the sides . In those shots the ICRC logo is not visible . The unpublished video also reveals an emblem that bears the Spanish words "  Mision Internacional Humanitaria "  International Humanitarian Mission  and a stylized red bird made up of wavy red lines above two curved branches of blue leaves . In the 3 1/2 - minute video of the operation issued by the military , emblems pasted on the side of the rescue helicopter can not be seen . But in the unpublished video and photos shown to CNN , emblems measuring about one square meter  one square yard  are pasted onto the outside of the chopper . The same emblem appears on the Web site for Mision Internacional Humanitaria , which describes itself as a non-governmental organization based in Barcelona , Spain , that "  works to improve the processes of development to guarantee equality of opportunity for individuals and peoples . " Although the site says the group is registered with the Spanish Interior Ministry and the regional Department of Justice , the site is littered with misspellings , and the telephone number that 's listed is 000000000 . CNN was unable to contact the group to verify its existence . The group 's Web site could not be accessed early Tuesday . Additional video clips show how the emblems on the side of the helicopter were stripped off and burned once the rescue mission had been completed . The fate of the bib is not clear from the clips .	NEW : President Alvaro Uribe says one Red Cross symbol was used in hostage rescue Photos from military source show man wearing bib with Red Cross logo Such misuse of symbol could be violation of Geneva Conventions
CNN  -- An emperor penguin that lost its way from Antarctica more than two months ago was released back into his native Southern Ocean waters Sunday . "  It 's an indescribable feeling to see a patient finally set free , " said Dr. Lisa Argilla , manager of veterinary science at Wellington Zoo , where the bird has been recuperating since New Zealanders discovered it in June on a beach north of the capital city . Argilla said the penguin , nicknamed "  Happy Feet " after the 2006 animated movie about emperor penguins , needed "  some gentle encouragement " to slide down a ramp off the research vessel that transported it back home . "  But once he hit the water he spared no time in diving off away from the boat and all those ` aliens ' who have been looking after him for so long , " Argilla said in a statement posted on the zoo 's website . It 's unclear why the penguin apparently swam more than 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  from Antarctica . Argilla said in June that the bird might have gotten lost in a current , or perhaps its internal radar went awry . The bird was found "  exhausted and hungry " on Peka Peka beach on New Zealand 's Kapiti Coast this summer , according to the zoo . It underwent multiple stomach flushes and an endoscopy at the zoo to rid its stomach of sand it ingested while trying to adapt to the foreign environment . "  In Antarctica , they normally eat ice to cool down and to hydrate , " Kate Baker , a spokeswoman for the zoo , said in June . It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice , she said . The penguin left the zoo Monday and spent the past six days on the research vessel in a specially designed crate stocked with ice . A satellite tracker and microchip will now allow fans of the bird to follow his adventures in Antarctica at www.nzemperor.com .	"  Happy Feet " was found in June , exhausted and hungry on a New Zealand beach It had traveled more than 3,000 kilometers from its native Antarctica It spent the past two months recuperating at the Wellington Zoo Penguin needed "  gentle encouragement " to slide into the Southern Ocean waters Sunday
CNN  -- Charlie Hunnam did n't drop out of "  Fifty Shades of Grey " because he did n't want to play the lead , Christian Grey . He dropped out because the timing had him on the verge of a nervous breakdown . "  I would n't have signed up in the first place if I did n't want to do it , " the "  Sons of Anarchy " actor , 34 , has said . "  It was a really , really difficult time in my life . " Hunnam was initially cast in the adaptation along with Dakota Johnson in September 2013 . But by the following month , Hunnam had parted ways with the project , citing scheduling conflicts . That part , the actor now says , is true . Between his work on FX 's "  Sons " and his commitment to Guillermo del Toro 's 2015 release , "  Crimson Peak , " there just was n't a lot of room for "  Fifty Shades of Grey " no matter how badly Hunnam wanted it to work . "  I was going to finish ` Sons ' at like 11 p.m. Friday night , get on the plane Saturday morning to Vancouver for ` Fifty , ' missing the whole first week of rehearsal and start shooting Monday morning , " Hunnam said . "  And I was going to shoot that film , wrap that on the Wednesday and the following Monday I was going to start shooting ` Crimson Peak ' in Toronto . I just had like ... frankly , something of a nervous breakdown . " Explaining ` Fifty Shades ' wild success The intense reaction to the "  Fifty Shades " casting news did n't help . Fans were particularly livid about Johnson landing the part of naive student Anastasia Steele , but Hunnam also felt the pressure . "  I just said ' I ca n't ' ... to fail on such a grand scale , " Hunnam recalled . " ` Fifty 's ' going to be massive ; it 's going to be huge . I really did n't want to fail on such a grand scale , and I just could n't transition from  ` Sons of Anarchy 's '  Jax Teller to Christian Grey in 48 hours . I bit off more than I could chew , and it was painful . I loved the character , and I wanted to do it . " Instead of Hunnam , moviegoers will see relative newcomer Jamie Dornan in the role of Mr. Grey . The film , which recently debuted its first trailer , opens February 13 .	Charlie Hunnam said he had a nervous breakdown over "  Fifty Shades of Grey " It was the proposed schedule that stressed him out He wanted the part but could n't make the timing work
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian businessman known for publicity stunts dropped 100 million rupiah , or about $ 10,700 , from an aircraft Sunday to promote his new book . Bank notes are dropped from a small airplane Sunday to promote Tung Desem Waringin 's new book . Tung Desem Waringin circled eight times over a soccer field in the city of Serang , about 40 miles west of Jakarta , emptying bag after black bag of cash . Below , men snatched bills from the hands of young ones . Giddy schoolchildren jumped up and down in excitement , holding up notes they picked up . One man held a blue cap that he had stuffed with money . Another sat in a corner of the field , massaging his feet after a madcap dash for cash . Watch Waringin make it rain " The stunt was to promote Tung 's book "  Marketing Revolution , " said Fajar Ramdani , the media coordinator for the event . Tung initially wanted to pull the stunt over the capital of Jakarta , but police , fearing large crowds and potential chaos , did not grant him permission , local media reported . Three years ago , the 42-year-old motivational speaker rode a horse along Jakarta 's main streets dressed as one of the country 's most celebrated war heroes to launch his first book . The book went on to become a best-seller . Millions of people in Indonesia live on fewer than $ 2 a day . The publicity stunt was expected to generate a tremendous response because the country is grappling with rising food and fuel prices . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Indonesian businessman circles soccer field eight times , dumping bags of cash Men snatch bills from youngsters ; one man stuffs blue cap with money Businessman wanted to pull stunt over Jakarta , but police feared chaos Author once rode on horseback through Jakarta , dressed as war hero
CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama each accused the other of borrowing portions of their presidential campaign speeches Monday . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , left , on the stump with Sen. Barack Obama . The Clinton campaign accused Obama of borrowing from a close supporter , and the Illinois senator responded by saying his own words have been used by Clinton . On a conference call with reporters , Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson said it was clear Obama had "  lifted rhetoric " from Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . Late Monday , Clinton followed up with a swipe of her own . "  If your whole candidacy is about words , then they should be your own words , " Clinton said in Madison , Wisconsin . "  That 's what I think . " Obama downplayed the significance of the accusation . "  I 've written two books , wrote most of my speeches . So I think putting aside the question ... in terms of whether my words are my own , I think that would be carrying it too far , " Obama said . "  Deval and I do trade ideas all the time , and you know he 's occasionally used lines of mine , " Obama said . Obama said he also used some of Deval 's words at a Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Wisconsin . "  I would add I 've noticed on occasion Sen. Clinton has used words of mine as well , " said Obama . "  As I said before , I really do n't think this is too big of a deal . " Obama campaign officials said Clinton had a pattern of borrowing from some of her rival 's signature phrases , including "  Yes , We Can " and "  Fired Up , Ready to Go . " They circulated a YouTube video and list of these alleged instances to reporters . The Clinton campaign earlier pointed to similarities between the words of Obama and Patrick that have raised eyebrows and attracted traffic on YouTube . A central passage in a speech Obama gave Saturday -- aimed at convincing voters that his campaign is not just about lofty rhetoric -- is adapted from one that Patrick used in his 2006 campaign , the Obama campaign said when asked about it . The controversy is lost on the Massachusetts governor , who endorsed Obama . Obama 's campaign had Patrick call the New York Times over the weekend and issue a statement . "  Senator Obama and I are long-time friends and allies . We often share ideas about politics , policy and language , " Patrick said in the statement . "  The argument in question , on the value of words in the public square , is one about which he and I have spoken frequently before . Given the recent attacks from Senator Clinton , I applaud him responding in just the way he did . " Watch a comparison of Obama 's and Patrick 's speeches " The Obama campaign also confirmed comments chief strategist David Axelrod -- an adviser on Obama 's Senate campaign and Patrick 's gubernatorial run -- made to the New York Times about the speeches . "  They often riff off one another . They share a world view , " Axelrod told the Times about Obama and Patrick . "  Both of them are effective speakers whose words tend to get requoted and arguments tend to be embraced widely . " Responding to attacks from Clinton that he offers words while she offers action , Obama has been arguing that words matter . Saturday night at a gala for the Wisconsin Democratic Party , Obama said to frequent applause , "  Do n't tell me words do n't matter ! ' I have a dream . ' Just words . ` We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal . ' Just words . ` We have nothing to fear but fear itself . ' Just words , just speeches ! " In 2006 , Patrick , fending off attacks from his rival Kerry Healey , told a crowd , "  Her dismissive point , and I hear it a lot from her staff , is all I have to offer is words . Just words . ` We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal ' -- just words . Just words . ` We have nothing to fear but fear itself ' -- just words . ` Ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country ' -- just words . ' I have a dream ' -- just words . " Clinton has argued that while Obama provides rousing speeches , she has the stronger grasp of the issues and the knowledge of how to use the presidency to start making changes from "  day one . " Speaking last week at a General Motors plant in Ohio , she said , "  There 's a big difference between us -- speeches versus solutions , talk versus action . You know , some people may think words are change . But you and I know better . Words are cheap . I know it takes work . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Josh Levs , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Phrase in Obama speech similar to that of Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick Clinton : "  If your whole candidacy is about words , then they should be your own " Obama downplays significance , says : "  Clinton has used words of mine as well "
CNN  -- Will Bunch 's CNN.com tirade earlier this week against television host Glenn Beck and David Barton -- the founder and president of WallBuilders , a national pro-family organization that emphasizes history 's "  moral , religious and constitutional heritage " -- for allegedly creating "  pseudo history " reveals more about Mr. Bunch than it does about what Mr. Beck and Mr. Barton are presenting . Mr. Bunch seems , above all , to be annoyed that many people are no longer staying on the liberal plantation of secularized American history . He offers little in the way of examples of error , just differences of opinion , such as his own assertion about "  the much-debunked idea that America 's creation was rooted in Christianity . " Much debunked ? That would have been news to many of the Founding Fathers , whose biblical understanding of man as created in the image of God informed their insistence in the Declaration of Independence that people have "  unalienable rights " to "  life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . " This was tempered by the biblically informed idea that man is prone to sin . In the Federalist Papers , No. 51 , for example , James Madison wrote , "  But what is government itself , but the greatest of all reflections on human nature ? If men were angels , no government would be necessary . " Therefore , any government formed by men needs checks and balances to avoid tyranny . On a more elementary level , the signers of the Declaration and the Constitution were mostly Christian . You can look it up . Bunch complains that , "  In April , Barton told Beck 's 3 million TV viewers that ` we use the Ten Commandments as basis of civil law and the Western world -LSB- and it -RSB- has been for 2,000 years . ' " Glenn Beck rewrites civil rights history Perhaps this is why the Ten Commandments numerals are represented at the bottom of a door to the U.S. Supreme Court courtroom and why Moses , revered as the lawgiver to Jews in the Hebrew bible , and Christians in the New Testament , appears holding two tablets elsewhere in the Supreme Court building . He appears between the Chinese philosopher Confucius and Solon , the Athenian statesman -- at the center of a frieze of historic lawgivers on the building 's East Pediment . Moses is also among an array of lawgiver figures depicted over the Court 's chamber . Tellingly , Mr. Bunch does not dispute the accuracy of the quotes that Mr. Barton cites that spell out a Christian understanding of law and man among some of the Founding Fathers . In a letter to Thomas Jefferson , written 37 years after the Declaration of Independence , John Adams wrote : "  The general principles , on which the Fathers achieved independence , were the only Principles in which that beautiful Assembly of young gentlemen could Unite . ... And what were these general Principles ? I answer , the general Principles of Christianity , in which all these Sects were United : ... Now I will avow , that I then believe , and now believe , that those general Principles of Christianity , are as eternal and immutable , as the Existence and Attributes of God ; and that those Principles of Liberty , are as unalterable as human Nature and our terrestrial , mundane System . " John Jay , the first chief justice of the Supreme Court , wrote in a letter to a friend , "  Providence has given to our people the choice of their rulers , and it is the duty , as well as the privilege and interest of our Christian nation to select and prefer Christians for their rulers . " Mr. Bunch further complains that Barton "  gives less than short shrift to the real achievement of the Founders in separating church and state . " I would argue that their real achievement was elsewhere . Their real achievement was far larger : creation of a unique , limited government with protections for the freedoms of religion , speech , press and assembly and protection of property rights , without which no freedom exists . The result was the most prosperous and freest nation in history . And property rights are endorsed throughout the Bible . The "  wall of separation between church & state , " by the way , is not in the Constitution . It 's from a letter from President Thomas Jefferson to the Danbury , Connecticut , Baptists , who were concerned that the national government would favor one Christian denomination over others . But Mr. Jefferson 's phrase has become a sacred totem used by activist judges to drive Christian symbols from the public square . The real reason that Mr. Bunch is so exercised is that the truth about America 's Christian founding is getting out , despite media hostility , politically correct schoolbooks and rising intolerance toward any public expression of faith -- unless it advances leftist goals . America is a unique beacon of freedom precisely because of its founders ' Christian perspective , which has protected the right of conscience and thus freedom of religion for Jews , Muslims , Hindus , Buddhists and nonbelievers . Try to identify another nation on Earth that similarly advanced individual rights without being influenced by Christianity . Beck and Barton are striking what Abraham Lincoln described in a different context as the "  mystic chords of memory . " It makes perfect sense that many Americans are tuning in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Knight .	Robert Knight disputes ideas in opinion piece by Will Bunch about Glenn Beck , David Barton Bunch rejected idea of U.S. ' Christian roots , but there 's evidence for it , Knight says Moses shown on some Supreme Court friezes ; some founders wrote of Christian principles Knight : U.S. unique in advancing individual rights because of its Christian ethic
Kenya  CNN  -- As a child , Leela Hazzah would spend her summer nights lying on the rooftop of her family 's home in Egypt . Her father and uncle had told her stories of their childhood , when they would sleep on the same rooftop and hear lions roaring . "  I used to lay there , listening for those same sounds . But I did n't hear anything , " Hazzah said . Hazzah 's father finally got the courage to tell his young daughter that she would not hear lions roaring because they had long since gone extinct in Egypt . "  That was the moment when I decided I knew what I wanted to do , " Hazzah said . "  I wanted to hear lions roaring . " Hazzah , now 35 , has since devoted her life to lion conservation . While earning her master 's in conservation biology , Hazzah 's research led her to Kenya . She lived in a tree house and began seeing firsthand the rapid decline of African lions due to habitat loss and human-lion conflict . "  Sixty years ago , there were probably half a million lions in Africa . Today , there are less than 30,000 lions in all of Africa , " she said . Now armed with a doctorate in environmental studies , Hazzah has found one solution to help the lion population grow . Her nonprofit turns Maasai warriors -- who have a tradition of killing lions -- into lion protectors . The organization employs 65 Lion Guardians throughout East Africa . Their ultimate goal : reduce lion killings . "  The lion is iconic , " said Hazzah , who started Lion Guardians in 2007 . "  If there are no lions left in Africa , it will have a significant effect . ... We could lose a lot more than just the lion . " Changing a culture Hazzah spent a year living among the Maasai to understand their relationship with lions and why they were killing them . For one , young warriors receive their lion name when they first kill a lion , a sort of rite of passage . "  It brings a huge amount of prestige to the warrior who kills a lion , " Hazzah said . The Maasai also live a mostly pastoral life and depend on their livestock . They use it to feed their families ; they use it for currency . Livestock is also a status symbol . "  Livestock are the core of their culture . ... It 's their main source of livelihood , " Hazzah said . "  When they lose their cows , they do n't have anything left . So they retaliate , and they kill lions . " Hazzah 's idea for Lion Guardians came together while living in the community and spending time with the warriors . "  They started opening up and telling me stories , " she said . "  That 's when it clicked . " Hazzah realized that Maasai warriors , the leaders and protectors in their community , would be the best ambassadors for lions . She began teaching them the benefits of protecting lions , with an emphasis on preserving their culture . In turn , the lessons began rippling through the entire tribe . "  Maasai have a very close-knit relationship with lions . It 's very much a love-and-hate relationship , " Hazzah said . "  They dislike them because they eat their livestock , but they also admire them tremendously because they are just beautiful animals . " From hunter to guardian Today , protecting lions is a full-time job for a guardian , who earns around $ 100 a month . The group teaches the guardians a number of methods to reduce human-lion conflict in their communities . If a guardian hears about a lion hunt , he intervenes . He helps the individuals understand the importance of keeping lions alive , including that lions draw tourists to the area , which provides jobs . Guardians also help farmers strengthen corrals where they keep their livestock . They also help find and safely return lost livestock . These measures have prevented livestock deaths and , more importantly , retaliatory lion killings . "  Becoming a Lion Guardian is a rebirth for  the Massai  . They gain even more prestige than they would have from killing a lion , " Hazzah said . Most Maasai warriors come to Lion Guardians illiterate , having never attended school . Hazzah and her team teach each one how to read and write . The guardians also learn about "  their " lions ; they keep data on the lions ' movements and population changes as part of their job . Director of Science and co-founder Stephanie Dolrenry works with the guardians to study and name their lions and provides the technical field training and equipment the guardians need to monitor the lions . For Hazzah , watching the transformation of young Maasai warriors has been one of the most rewarding parts of her efforts . "  We never imagined when we first started Lion Guardians that we could transform these killers to the point where they would risk their own lives to stop other people from killing lions , " she said . Hazzah said the Lion Guardian program has had great success in the Amboseli region of Kenya . When used alone or with other conservation programs , the program was 99 % effective in stopping lion killings . "  I know we 're making a difference , " Hazzah said . "  When I first moved here , I never heard lions roaring . But now I hear lions roaring all the time . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Lion Guardians website at www.lionguardians.org and see how to help .	Leela Hazzah wanted to help when she learned lions in Egypt were extinct She has since devoted her life to lion conservation in Africa Her nonprofit turns warriors who have a tradition of killing lions into lion protectors
CNN  -- As the United States shutters some diplomatic sites around the globe over concerns about a possible attack , at least two major U.S. cities have stepped up their security . In New York , officials are beefing up police presence , particularly around transportation hubs and religious sites , New York Police Department spokesman James Duffy told CNN . And in San Francisco , police increased patrols at key locations , including mass transit , popular landmarks and embassies , said spokesman Gordon Shyy . Officials in both cities emphasized that there was no specific threat leading to the decision . Rather , the moves were made in an abundance of caution . In Washington , the Metro Transit Police Department sent an e-mail to employees Friday night . "  I want to let you know that at this time , there is no specific or credible threat against Metro , nor any other transportation system in the U.S. However , this worldwide alert serves as an important reminder for us to remain vigilant at all times , " police Chief Ron Pavlik wrote . U.S. Park Police spokesman Paul Brooks said security has not been increased at national monuments in Washington , and there are no new directives to officers . In Los Angeles , police and the county sheriff 's department said they had no new formal directives , but were told to be a little more vigilant than usual . Miami police told CNN it was "  business as usual , " and that the department is constantly monitoring for potential threats . Houston police said they do not comment on "  tactical operations . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Chuck Johnston , Greg Seaby , Chris Boyette , Devon Sayers , Marlena Baldacci and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : No additional security at national monuments in Washington , park police say New York and San Francisco officials say they 're beefing up police presence City officials emphasize there is no specific threat It 's a response to the concerns that shuttered some U.S. diplomatic sites
London , England  CNN  -- Authorities evacuated 310 people from their homes early Thursday because of a major fire at a building site and nearby apartments in south London , fire officials and police said . The London Fire Brigade said it was called to the scene at 4:26 a.m.  11:26 p.m. ET Wednesday  , and police said they were called minutes later . Ten fire engines and around 75 firefighters were on the scene some eight hours later , a spokesman for the fire brigade said . The fire engulfed an entire building site in Peckham , an area of south London , and spread to several three - and four-story residential buildings in the area , police and fire officials said . Firefighters had the fire surrounded by noon and said there may still be deep-seated pockets of fire , a fire brigade spokesman said . Four people were taken to a hospital , mainly for smoke inhalation , a spokeswoman for the London Ambulance Service said . None of their conditions was serious , she said . "  I was in bed and my neighbor knocked and told me to wake up -- the building 's on fire , " said one woman wrapped in a coat on a nearby street . It was not clear what started the fire , the fire brigade spokesman said .	Residents evacuated in area of south London after fire engulfed their apartment block 30 fire engines and more than 310 firefighters battled the blaze No injuries have been reported , according to police and fire officials It is not known what started the fire which took hold of the building in the early hours of Thursday
They were teenagers on their way home from school . One liked basketball and was a gifted musician who played a mean guitar as well as the flute . Another liked to bake cakes for his five younger sisters . The third would bring jars of cookies to study hall for his classmates . Naftali Frankel , Eyal Yifrach and Gilad Shaar , Israeli Jewish teens , were buried Tuesday after a memorial ceremony watched nationwide . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the three were "  gifted , pure , honest and decent " and were "  cut down by the hands of evil men . " Their deaths galvanized the country and sparked new Israeli military action , exacerbating the conflict . The teens ' bodies were found Monday , more than two weeks after the three were abducted on their way home from school in the West Bank . Naftali Frankel , a dual U.S.-Israel citizen Frankel , the 16-year-old musician and basketball fan , was also a U.S. citizen who had family in Brooklyn and in upstate New York , his aunt Ittael Frankel told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz . "  Rest in peace , my child , " said his grieving mother , Racheli Frankel , according to ynetnews.com . "  We will learn to sing without you . We will always hear your voice in our hearts . " Frankel was the second-oldest of seven children . He was a gifted student and "  a responsible and poised young boy , " the Israeli Embassy in Britain said in a profile of him after he was abducted . His uncle was working to help bring more Palestinians into Israeli high-tech businesses , Forbes reported . The article by Richard Behar carried the headline : "  Good vs Evil : Israeli Intel Exec Pioneers Hi-Tech With Palestinians . His Nephew , A U.S. Citizen , Is Abducted By Terrorists . " It reported on Yishai Frankel , the 44-year-old general manager of design and development at Intel 's headquarters in Jerusalem , who was spearheading integration efforts for the company . "  There 's no doubt that people who kidnap young kids are destructive and they hurt the Palestinian cause as equally as it 's hurting the Israeli cause . It does n't help anyone , " the uncle was quoted as saying . "  So , am I surprised ? No , I 'm saddened . But that 's reality . Does that mean I feel bad things about the good people I work with , among the Palestinians ? No . These are good people . It 's no secret that every society has bad people . " Victim 's cousin : Support helped deepen ties His American cousin Manny Halberstam described him as someone "  always full of joy and full of positivity " who "  made his parents ' lives a lot easier by being such a good older brother . " "  There 's this perception that spending time in Israel , spending time in the West Bank , could be pretty dangerous . The truth is , when you 're there in the West Bank , up until a few weeks ago , when you 're there , you really feel pretty safe . You do n't feel like you 're in danger at all . And I think , unfortunately , in response to this incident ... that sense of safety is going to change , " Halberstam said . In an interview with Brooke Baldwin on "  CNN Newsroom , " Halberstam had a message for all the people "  with a strong moral conscience " who have been protesting the abduction of the boys , as well as the abductions of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria . Supporters for the Israeli teens used the hashtag #BringBackOurBoys , following the lead of #BringBackOurGirls . "  By no means was the time and energy that we invested in these campaigns a waste , because through our efforts , we strengthened our sense of community and we deepened our ties with each other . And I think , in that sense , we 've moved the world to the type of world in which these types of incidents occur less frequently . " Gilad Shaar , oldest of six Gilad Shaar , also 16 , was "  gifted " and "  always smiling , " his grandfather Ezra Sha'ar told Israel 's Channel 2 , according to israelnationalnews.com . "  He was a boy who loved to learn , to do everything for the community and for society . " He "  loved his country " and took a lot of trips across Israel , the grandfather said . He spoiled his five younger sisters , Shaar 's American aunt , Leehy Shaar , wrote in an open letter on June 23 in the Los Angeles-based Jewish Journal . "  He loves to bake cakes , " she added . "  And they are truly delicious . " She told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Monday that she was still in shock . "  I 'm holding his picture , and I see his smile , " she said . "  He 's so young and innocent . ... It 's just too sad to even imagine . " "  I 've lost my only son . How can I sum up your life , your acts , in a few sentences ? " Gilad Shaar 's grieving father asked Monday at a memorial service , according to the Jerusalem Post . His former counselor said that as a child , Shaar threw a birthday party for his school 's goldfish , journalist Ben Hartman of the Jerusalem Post reported on Twitter . Eyal Yifrach , beloved brother figure who sang on YouTube At 19 , Eyal Yifrach was the oldest of the victims and "  a big personality , " according to his friend and roommate . "  Eyal is the type of person everybody would want as a brother , " Micky Zivan told The Times of Israel . Zivan said his pal would leave a jar of cookies near the study hall with a sign that read "  Please take . " "  We 're crying , but these are tears of strength and love , " said Uri Yifrach , Eyal 's father , according to ynetnews.com . To the killers , he said , "  You are wrongdoers , the nation of Israel promises that your day will come . We will not break . We are humanitarians , we have love and it will triumph . ... We 're here , and you ca n't change that . We 're a strong nation . " A few months ago , Eyal Yifrach sang at his cousin 's wedding in a performance posted on YouTube , the Jewish Press reported . "  We miss him . It 's hard not to see him around , his smile , " Zivan said . Slain teens call for justice , not escalation Israeli PM at teens ' funeral : ` Broad moral gulf ' between us , enemy	Naftali Frankel 's cousin says #BringBackOurBoys effort helped change the world Frankel 's uncle works to involve Palestinians in high-tech businesses Gilad Shaar was full of love and spoiled his sisters , his family says Eyal Yifrach recently sang in a performance posted on YouTube
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- A colorful platter steams with heat , rising from seasoned fish and an assortment of fresh vegetables all on a plush bed of rice . This is Senegal 's national dish and recently my task for "  Inside Africa " was to search for its origins , prepare the ingredients and taste a sample of the West African culture . What I discovered were firm family bonds , handmade artwork and a flavorful surprise . So let 's rewind . Africa 's westernmost nation hugs the North Atlantic coastline and for generations , life in the sea has sustained life on land . Soumbedioune , one of the many fishing beaches of Dakar , is illustrative of this symbiotic bond . As I walk its crowded sandy shoreline , narrow wooden boats approach from the horizon . Men darkened by hours at sea hop out of the brightly colored vessels . Yellow , red , green , white , all dance along the hull in bold fashion revealing a variety of circular designs . These traditional boats are hand painted and crafted by teams of men working in this busy fishing community . See also : Taking a look inside Zambia In fact , as I watch with confusion at the apparent chaos around me , a methodical process emerges . Young boys run up to the boats , placing rollers underneath as the men hand off large coolers of fresh fish , proceeding to push the boat inland . The boys , typically sons or nephews of the fishermen , then wheel or carry the coolers to the women in the family waiting on the beach nearby . But this is no leisurely endeavor . The women work as a sort of broker for their husbands , displaying the best catch prominently . I hear empassioned sales pitches in French as they try to attract restaurant vendors and others searching for a good price for buying in bulk . The entire process happens in two waves each and every day , each family member with their own essential role . I learned not to get in the way either . As I snap pictures of the frenetic scene around me a woman approaches , holds up her hands , reaches for my camera and wags her finger . I do n't understand a single French word she 's saying but the message is clear : "  Do n't take my picture or I will take your camera . " I smile , apologize in broken French and move on . Fish is the primary component of "  Thiebou Jen , " Senegal 's national dish . Later I meet with local chef Ishmail N'Dour as he walks me through a Dakar market showing me what it takes to bring all the flavors together . The key is to only use the best , freshest vegetables ; because they will become a stuffing for the fish . How is that stuffing made ? With hard labor , I can tell you . See also : Sights and sounds of Sahara Once we return to N'Dour 's seaside restaurant , he hands me a deep wooden pot with a long , rounded , wooden handle . He tosses coriander  cilantro  , onions , peppers and spices inside , telling me to get to work . I mash , push , pound and pulverize for 30 minutes , breaking a sweat . This type of food preparation is common in Senegal with each member of the family taking on one important role in the food preparation . N'Dour prepares and slices the fish into smaller portions each with a slit ready for the stuffing . The mashed vegetables are slimy in my hand , a testament to my good work , I think . I push them in each chuck of fish . N'Dour continues to cook the fish with vegetables inside , as well as surrounded by an assortment of carrots , potatoes and more . Hours later when he serves it , the taste is divine , far superior to anything I 've ever cooked . The appearance may look quite messy but as I 've learned in Dakar looks can be deceiving . This is a culture that begs for closer inspection , something that reveals strong family bonds , a stubbornness for good quality and vibrant , tasty cuisine .	CNN 's Errol Barnett traveled to Senegal to find out secrets of its national dish Barnett experienced the bustling life of a local fishing community on a beach in Dakar A local chef showed Barnett how to prepare local delicacy ` Thiebou Jen '
CNN  -- Every day millions of women apply lipstick without a second thought . What many do n't know is that lipsticks may contain lead , the notorious metal that can cause learning , language and behavioral problems . Lead is a neurotoxin and can be dangerous even at small doses . So what 's lead doing in lipsticks ? Not all lipsticks contain lead , but a number of studies in recent years show that the metal is more prevalent than previously thought . In 2007 , the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics conducted a study -- "  A Poison Kiss " -- that detected lead in 61 % of the 33 lipsticks tested , with levels ranging from 0.03 ppm to 0.65 ppm . Parts per million  ppm  is the measurement of lead in the environment . Medical experts say there is no safe level of lead in the blood . The FDA says it does n't consider the lead levels it found in lipsticks to be a safety issue . No lipstick lists lead as an ingredient . The amounts are small , but the presence of lead in lipstick , which is ingested and absorbed through the skin , raises concerns about the safety of a cosmetic product that is wildly popular among women . Urged on by both consumers and the cosmetics industry , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration conducted its own testing in 2010 . The FDA 's results were even more astonishing : The agency detected lead in all 400 lipsticks tested , ranging from 0.9 to 3.06 ppm -- four times higher than the levels observed in the study done by Campaign for Safe Cosmetics . And lead is n't the only toxic metal you may be applying to your lips . In a recent study , University of California researchers tested eight lipsticks and 24 lip glosses and detected nine toxic heavy metals , including chromium , cadmium , manganese , aluminum and lead . The FDA said , "  We have assessed the potential for harm to consumers from use of lipstick containing lead at the levels found in both rounds of testing . Lipstick , as a product intended for topical use with limited absorption , is ingested only in very small quantities . We do not consider the lead levels we found in the lipsticks to be a safety concern . " Likewise , the cosmetics industry also does n't see this as an issue , saying that the dose makes the poison -- in other words , the trace amounts of heavy metals in lipsticks are not harmful . But the FDA noted , "  Although we do not believe that the lead content found in our recent lipstick analyses poses a safety concern , we are evaluating whether there may be a need to recommend an upper limit for lead in lipstick in order to further protect the health and welfare of consumers . " Indeed , what the FDA and the cosmetics industry have been ignoring is cumulative exposure and potential long-term adverse effects . It 's true that a single lipstick application will not lead to harm . And the good news is that not all lipsticks contain detectable levels of lead or other heavy metals .  And by the way , cost does n't seem to be a factor ; a cheap or expensive lipstick is n't the determinant of how much lead is present . The problem is when women who wear lipstick apply it two to 14 times a day , according to the University of California study . The result is that they are ingesting and absorbing through their lips as much as 87 milligrams of product a day , the study says . Women are not only applying their lipsticks several times a day , but they also are doing this in the span of a whole lifetime , which means that exposure to lead and other heavy metals adds up and can potentially affect their health . One challenge for people wanting to avoid exposure is that none of the metals , with the exception of aluminum , are deliberately added to lipsticks and lip glosses . The metals are contaminants that are present in the pigments and base materials used to make the products . Because the metals are not ingredients , cosmetics companies are not required to list them on products ' ingredient labels . The law regulating cosmetics passed Congress in 1938 and has never been updated . The FDA possesses no legal authority to make sure products are safe before they are sold . Nor is the agency empowered to pull dangerous products from store shelves . It 's the Wild West for cosmetics companies , which have very few rules restricting chemical ingredients used in everything from shampoos to lotions to lipsticks . As the contamination of lip products with heavy metals makes it clear , allowing the industry to police itself is not the best idea . We need the FDA to be empowered by Congress and to take action so women wo n't face any health risks when they put on makeup . Cosmetics companies should be required to adhere to a standard for best manufacturing processes to limit metal contamination . For now , consumers should take precautions to protect themselves from heavy metal exposure from lip products . First , use less . If you find yourself reapplying lipstick 14 times a day , consider cutting back . Second , do n't let children use lipstick , as their young bodies are especially vulnerable to toxic metals . Then let 's get to work to make sure that by the time they 've grown up , we have solved the problem of toxic chemicals in cosmetics .	Sharima Rasanayagam : Studies found higher level of lead in some lipsticks Rasanayagam : This raises concerns about the safety of a popular product She says FDA and cosmetic industry should pay attention to long-term effects Rasanayagam : Congress needs to update the laws regulating cosmetics
Texas Gov. Rick Perry and others are lashing out at President Barack Obama 's decision not to tour border facilities overwhelmed by a flood of undocumented children , saying the U.S. leader needs to see with his own eyes what both sides agree is a humanitarian crisis . "  The American people expect to see their President when there is a disaster , " Perry told CNN 's Kate Bolduan in an interview that aired Thursday , citing Obama 's trip to the East Coast to tour damage caused by Superstorm Sandy in 2012 . "  He showed up at Sandy . Why not Texas ? " Both Republicans and the White House have described the crush of Central American children as a humanitarian crisis , but Obama said Wednesday that visiting facilities where the children are processed and detained would be little more than a photo opportunity . "  There 's nothing that is taking place down there that I am not intimately aware of and briefed on . This is n't theater . This is a problem , " Obama said Wednesday . The controversy has been compared to President George W. Bush 's initial decision not to tour the storm-ravaged Gulf Coast after 2005 's Hurricane Katrina . Bush opted instead to fly over the coast in Air Force One , resulting in a famous picture of the President peering down at the devastation from his jet . It left many feeling that Bush was detached and uncaring . Bush later acknowledged that failing to land and at least express solidarity with victims was a mistake . Perry alluded to that Wednesday in an interview on the Fox News program "  Hannity . " "  I 'm pretty sure that if George Bush had said , ` well I sent my FEMA director multiple times , ' he still would have been criticized greatly , " he told "  Hannity , " according to a report on the network 's website . "  Because you need to go . That 's what governors do , that 's what presidents do , " Perry said . "  When there are natural disasters , when there are crises like these , a president needs to be there to show the American people , No. 1 , that he understands . " ` Go down there and see what we 're facing ' Even some Democrats were critical of the decision . U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , said on CNN 's "  New Day " that it 's important for Obama to see what the children are going through . "  I 'm interested in him looking at the kids . The kids that I 've talked to , little innocent little boys and girls that have come across and have traveled over 1,000 miles , that one-third of the girls have been abused and raped on the way up here , " he said . "  The last young kid was an 11-year-old little boy from Guatemala that died of dehydration . That is the face that I want him to see . Do n't take any cameras , Mr. President , but go down there and see what we 're facing . " Obama has called on Congress to quickly approve his request for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding to deal with the crisis , which has seen thousands of undocumented children crossing the border without their parents . Many have surrendered themselves to U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers on the belief they will be allowed to stay in the country , and officials have struggled to house the children amid a staggering backlog of immigration cases . Obama said Wednesday that "  the problem here is not a major disagreement around the actions that could be helpful in dealing with the problem . " The challenge he said , is whether Congress is prepared to "  put the resources in place to get this done . " "  Are folks more interested in politics , or are they more interested in solving the problem ? " he said . Is the immigration crisis Rick Perry 's second act ? Process overwhelmed The surge of undocumented youths from Central America has overwhelmed federal facilities and revived the debate over an immigration policy overhaul , one of the most partisan issues in the already overheated political climate of an election year . U.S. authorities estimate that 60,000 to 80,000 undocumented children will cross the border without their parents this year . While many have been released to family pending deportation hearings , others have been detained by authorities amid a growing backlog of pending cases . Obama administration officials blame the influx on dire conditions in countries such as Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . Critics , however , say the administration invited the problem by halting deportations of some young immigrants who arrived illegally in past years . "  The children are a symptom of policies that have enticed them to come , " Perry said . "  The first thing you have to do is stop the flow , because if we do n't , then the problem 's not going to be the size we have today . " Republicans have called for the repeal of a 2008 law signed by President George W. Bush that requires deportation hearings before sending back children from countries that do not border the United States . "  I do n't think we can solve the problem unless we revisit " the law , Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn said . "  What 's happened is these children are placed with family members in the United States and given a notice to appear for a later court hearing . Some have called this a notice to disappear , not a notice to appear , " as most do n't show up , he said . Another Republican , Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , said the United States should immediately fly the children back to their home countries . It would cost less and signal U.S. intolerance for those who enter the country illegally , he said . Funding request Obama 's emergency funding request seeks $ 1.6 billion to bolster customs and border efforts as well as crack down on smugglers . Another $ 300 million would go to help Mexico and Central American governments counter claims by smugglers to desperate parents that U.S. officials wo n't send their children back . "  While we intend to do the right thing by these children , their parents need to know that this is an incredibly dangerous situation and it is unlikely that their children will be able to stay , " Obama said . The request also includes $ 1.8 billion to provide care for unaccompanied children crossing the border . The request is about 10 % of the $ 30 billion in proposed border security funding included in the immigration reform bill passed by the Senate but stalled in the Republican-controlled House . Perry said lawmakers are n't going to back Obama 's funding request if the government does n't act to stop policies they see as encouraging children to show up at the border . He told Obama in a meeting that he wants 1,000 National Guard troops deployed to help secure the border , an option Obama seemed less than enthusiastic about . "  What I told him was we 're happy to consider how we could deploy National Guard down there , but that 's a temporary solution , " Obama said of his discussion with Perry . "  That 's not a permanent solution . And so why would n't we go ahead and pass the permanent solution , or at least a longer-term solution ? " It was unclear how much cooperation Obama will get from congressional Republicans on his funding request . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner said the request would be considered . Cornyn and Cuellar plan to introduce legislation Thursday to repeal the 2008 deportation hearing law . The bill , Cuellar said , will include protections for children who come to the United States because of concerns about drug or sex trafficking . Democrats want to keep the law intact to ensure that children who deserve asylum receive a full hearing . 5 things you need to know about the immigration crisis What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration One night in Denver : The President and governor walk into a bar	Obama 's decision not to tour border facilities is compared to Bush 's Katrina response Americans "  expect to see their President when there is a disaster , " Texas governor says But Obama says such a trip would have been little more than a photo op The President wants $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the crisis
Washington  CNN  -- A federal air marshal fired after revealing the government was cutting back air marshal coverage at a time of heightened hijacking concern has lost a major battle in his fight to reclaim his job . A federal panel , upholding a decision by an administrative judge , said this week it has ruled the Transportation Security Administration 's decision to fire Robert MacLean was legal and "  did not exceed the bounds of reasonableness . " The Merit System Protection Board said it accepted MacLean 's statements he was motivated by a desire to protect the flying public , but said his leak "  could have created a significant security risk . " Further , it said , MacLean can not claim whistle-blower protections because his disclosure "  was specifically prohibited by law . " MacLean said he will appeal the decision . The case began in July of 2003 , when MacLean , an air marshal based in Las Vegas , Nevada , anonymously tipped off an MSNBC reporter that the TSA was temporarily suspending missions that would require marshals to stay in hotels -- basically taking them off coast-to-coast or overseas flights -- just days after air marshals were briefed about a new "  potential plot " to hijack U.S. airliners . The agency planned the cutback because it was running out of money at the end of the fiscal year . The news caused an immediate uproar on Capitol Hill and the TSA retreated , withdrawing the scheduling cuts before they went into effect . A year later , MacLean appeared on "  NBC Nightly News " -- in disguise and identified only as "  Air Marshal ` Mike ' " -- to criticize the agency 's dress policy , which , he said , made it easier for terrorists to identify the undercover air marshals . But someone from the TSA recognized MacLean 's voice and the agency ordered an investigation into MacLean for an "  unauthorized media appearance . " During that investigation , MacLean admitted he leaked the information to the media about the 2003 suspension of long-distance flights . The agency fired MacLean , saying his leak was an unauthorized disclosure of "  sensitive security information , " or SSI . MacLean 's case has become celebrated by whistle-blower advocates and government watchdog groups . Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , and Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-New York , filed a brief on his behalf . Supporters argue MacLean brought to public light a TSA action that violated federal law , which mandates the agency give priority to flights that present high security risks , specifically mentioning "  nonstop , long-distance flights . " They say the information he gave was factual and that it ultimately protected passengers by changing a flawed policy . In court filings , MacLean argued the information he disclosed was not protected . The TSA had sent the information to him as a text message on his cell phone , instead of as an encrypted message on his password-protected pager . And it was not labeled SSI . Indeed , it was three years later -- in August of 2006 -- that the TSA officially issued an order classifying the directive as "  sensitive security information . " MacLean argued his firing in retaliation for union activities , and the agency discriminated against him by imposing a harsher penalty than it imposed against others who had disclosed sensitive information . But the Merit System Protection Board said that even if the scheduling directive was not labeled SSI , deployment information was "  within the definition of SSI . " MacLean "  admittedly knew that he was not permitted to tell anyone about  air marshal  scheduling , yet he did so anyway , and it could have created a significant security risk , " the board said . The board said there is "  no direct evidence " the agency retaliated or discriminated against MacLean for his union activities . It confirmed the TSA treated other air marshals less harshly for disclosing information , but said the circumstances were different . The board notes that MacLean raised his concerns with his supervisor and with the agency 's inspector general 's office and was not satisfied with the response he received . But MacLean did not take his complaint to an authorized committee of Congress , nor to the Office of Special Counsel , and thereby was not entitled to whistle-blower protection , the board ruled . MacLean said the board ruling will have a chilling effect on whistle-blowers if it is allowed to stand . "  If front-line , non-intelligence government employees can not disclose wrongdoing to the public that was never classified and then that information can be stamped years later with an unclassified TSA marking , the First Amendment is now meaningless , " he said .	Air Marshal Robert MacLean tipped the media off to a cutback in schedules He was fired after the TSA found out he was the one who leaked the information The merit board says the leak "  could have created a significant security risk " MacLean says he will appeal the decision
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Susan Todd loves her daily coffee fix . "  I can drink four or five cups , easily , comfortably , " said Todd , 59 , of Clinton Township , Michigan . Skeet Spillane  right  got severe headaches when he quit caffeine . His wife said he was cranky most of the time . But if she skips her regular dose of caffeine , Todd warned , watch out . "  I feel lousy all over . It 's not that anything hurts , " she explained . "  I just feel sluggish , and a cup of caffeine will cure that . " Todd is among the estimated 80 to 90 percent of North American adults and children who consume caffeine products every day . Experts estimate about half that number will experience headaches and other symptoms from caffeine withdrawal syndrome . There are a number of reasons why someone might need to reduce or stop their daily caffeine intake . Experts tell pregnant women not to consume more than 200 milligrams of caffeine a day  about one 12-ounce cup of coffee  . Caffeinated products are not recommended for people who are prone to panic attacks or those who suffer from anxiety . Some surgical patients may also experience the symptoms of caffeine withdrawal syndrome on the day of surgery , because they are told not to eat or drink anything . Researchers at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland , recognized the condition as a disorder five years ago after reviewing decades of studies . They concluded the higher the caffeine intake , the more likely a patient was to suffer from severe withdrawal symptoms when denied the ingredient . Watch more on caffeine withdrawal syndrome " Researchers also reported that some caffeine users considered themselves addicted to caffeine because they were unable to quit or cut down on their usage . Michael Kuhar , chief of the division of neuroscience at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , prefers to use the word "  dependent " rather than "  addicted . " Even though he called caffeine a drug , Kuhar would n't go so far as saying it has reached the status of cocaine or heroin . According to Kuhar , caffeine is a mild stimulant . "  If you take a cup of caffeine you 're likely to feel good and energized , " he said . Miss that cup of "  Joe " or can of cola and do n't be surprised if you start feeling funny , Kuhar warned . He said some people complain of "  headache , fatigue , sleepiness , inability to focus and concentrate . " Others report experiencing flu - like symptoms , irritability , depression and anxiety after skipping as little as one cup of coffee a day . Kuhar explained that caffeine blocks receptors in the brain that can dilate blood vessels causing headaches . "  Withdrawal symptoms can start from 12 to 20 hours after your last cup of coffee and peak about two days later and can last about as long as a week , " Kuhar added . It is not just coffee that can lead to caffeine withdrawal . While a 6-ounce cup of brewed coffee contains about 100 milligrams of caffeine , tea and cola have about 40 milligrams each , a bar of milk chocolate has about 10 milligrams and hot chocolate has about 7 milligrams . Kuhar said that means adults as well as children may be suffering daily physiological and personality effects of caffeine withdrawal . He recommended that people who are motivated to give up caffeine , or cut back on consumption , do so very carefully . "  The thing to do is what we do with so many drugs -- basically you wean yourself off slowly , " Kuhar suggested . "  That does n't mean it is going to be easy at every step , but it should be easier than going cold turkey . " Johns Hopkins researchers also endorsed a stepped approach to quitting caffeine . They instruct patients to gradually substitute decaffeinated products or noncaffeinated products over time in order to reduce the likelihood of experiencing withdrawal symptoms . Kuhar suggested the process also can begin with reducing caffeine consumption by a half to a whole cup a day . Technology consultant Skeet Spillane , 42 , of St. Petersburg , Florida , started a step-down program after years of consuming up to three cups of coffee each day . He felt he was "  drinking way too much caffeine . " Spillane said he knew right away that he was suffering from caffeine withdrawal when he started getting severe headaches . His wife told him he was cranky most of the time . He now drinks tea instead , and occasionally sneaks a cup of coffee . Looking back , Spillane admitted going through withdrawal was "  tough for a while , " but he 's feeling better these days and he 's glad he 's not so dependent on caffeine .	Up to 90 percent of North Americans consume caffeine products every day About half will experience withdrawal syndrome if they do n't partake Symptoms include headache , fatigue , sleepiness , inability to focus The higher the caffeine intake , the more likely a patient will suffer
CNN  -- Less than a month after she was crowned Miss Universe Thailand , pageant winner Weluree "  Fai " Ditsayabut has relinquished her title under a barrage of criticism for comments she made online against supporters of the country 's ousted prime minister . "  I felt under pressure . I tried to improve myself but what I could not stand was to see my mother stressed , " an emotional Weluree told reporters in Bangkok Monday . After the 22-year-old won the competition on May 17 , scathing comments predating the contest were found on her Facebook page . They referred to pro-government demonstrators , who are known as "  red shirts , " as "  dirty " and "  evil activists " that should "  all be executed . " "  I am not neutral . I am on the side of His Majesty the King , " Weluree said in a now-deleted Facebook comment from November , when the country 's political crisis began , according to local news site Khaosod English . Weluree reportedly said Thailand would be cleaner if the "  dirty " red shirts left the country . Pro-government supporters questioned Weluree 's pageant victory on popular online forums and social media sites . A Facebook page in protest of her winning the competition garnered thousands of "  likes " -- although some users criticized her appearance and claimed she won because of her connections , rather than raising concerns about her anti-red shirt comments . Other netizens seemed to be preoccupied with comparing Weluree 's appearance to that of Nissa Katerahong , who won the Miss Tiffany 's Universe transgender beauty contest in Pattaya last month . Weluree -- an actress , talk show host , and English student -- apologized for her remarks on May 19 . "  I was careless . I was young . I did it recklessly , " she said in an interview on Thailand 's Channel 3 . But the unrelenting public scorn appears to have worn her down . "  At first , my family was happy for me when I was crowned , " Weluree said Monday . "  But there 's no more happiness following waves of criticism from the society . " She said the decision was hers alone , and thanked the pageant judges and her fans for their support . It is unclear whether Weluree 's crown will be passed to the competition 's runner-up and audience favorite Pimbongkod "  Ellie " Chankaew . The pageant controversy emerged at the height of a political crisis that has plagued Thailand for months , and prompted the military to seize power in a coup in May . The turmoil began in November when the government attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill that would have cleared the way for the return of then-prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra 's brother , Thaksin , to politics . The former prime minister and tycoon has been living in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction , after being overthrown in a military coup in 2006 . Since November , the People 's Democratic Reform Committee led anti-government protesters , who were mostly middle-class royalists , in calling for Yingluck 's government to be replaced with an unelected "  people 's council . " Competing rallies were held by pro-government supporters , many of whom came from the country 's rural north and northeast and view Yingluck 's ouster as a "  judicial coup . " Yingluck was found guilty of abuse of power and removed from office along with several cabinet ministers on May 7 , and indicted by Thailand 's anti-graft body . In a televised address on May 22 , Thailand 's army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha announced that the country had been placed under military control . Since then , the junta has imposed a series of measures purportedly aimed at restoring order and resolving the crisis , including curfews , bans on public assembly , and media blackouts . WATCH : Thai general gets royal endorsement CNN 's Karla Cripps and Tim Hume contributed to this report .	Thai beauty queen renounces title , accused of hateful remarks against government supporters Weluree Ditsayabut won the Miss Universe Thailand beauty pageant last month She reportedly called for red shirt supporters to be "  executed " Weluree apologized for "  careless " comments ; resigned for mother 's sake
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Saturday he sees no change in U.S. policy toward Iran despite the U.S. promise of a "  new beginning . " Ayatollah Khamenei said Iran would change its policy when the U.S. did so as well . Khamenei said a change in rhetoric is not enough , and Washington must practice what it preaches , according to the English-language Press TV channel in Iran . He also promised that Iran will change its policy if the United States does so as well , Press TV reported . Khamenei 's comments , which he made in a televised address to mark the start of the Iranian New Year on Friday , come a day after U.S. President Barack Obama reached out to Iran in a videotaped message . A spokesman for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad condemned U.S. foreign policy Friday in response to the video . Obama 's message spoke of "  new beginnings " with the promise of a new year . "  My administration is now committed to diplomacy that addresses the full range of issues before us , and to pursuing constructive ties among the United States , Iran and the international community , " the president said in his message Friday . Obama said the United States seeks engagement with Iran that is "  honest and grounded in mutual respect . " The president 's message is part of a dramatic shift in tone from that of the Bush administration , which branded Iran as part of an "  axis of evil " along with North Korea and Iraq . It also echoes Obama 's inaugural speech in which he told the Muslim world , "  We seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . " Ahmadinejad said last month that Iran would welcome talks with the United States "  in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect . " Khamenei also said world powers have come to realize they are not able to block Iran 's nuclear progress . He looked back on the February 25 testing of Iran 's first nuclear power plant , at Bushehr , as one of the "  joyful developments " of the past year . Last month , the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security released a report saying that Iran has reached "  nuclear weapons breakout capability " -- it has enough uranium to make a nuclear bomb . The report was based on an analysis of data from the International Atomic Energy Agency . However , an IAEA official who asked not to be named cautioned against drawing such dramatic conclusions from the data , saying Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium to be weapons-grade material . That has n't been done , the official said . The United States has had tortuous relations with Tehran since the Islamic revolution in 1979 . Meanwhile , the widow of the late founder of the Islamic Republic , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , died Saturday morning after a long period of illness , the Iranian-run Islamic Republic News Agency said . A funeral for Khadije Saghafi was scheduled to be held Sunday in Tehran and she was set to be laid to rest in Khomeini 's tomb , the agency reported . Khomeini was the leader of the 1979 revolution that led to the toppling of the shah of Iran and the ushering in of an Islamic state . He died in 1989 .	Iranian supreme leader : No change in U.S. policy despite Obama overtures U.S. President Obama reached out to Tehran in Iranian New Year message Friday Ayatollah Ali Khamenei : Iran will change when U.S. changes Obama : U.S. seeks engagement that is "  honest and grounded in mutual respect "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama addressed Congress shortly after 9 p.m. Tuesday , but a casual viewer might have believed it was actually morning in America . President Obama takes a page from Ronald Reagan 's playbook in his speech to Congress . "  Morning in America " was the theme of Ronald Reagan 's 1984 re-election campaign , and it was front and center in Obama 's most critical event since Inauguration Day . The president who has pledged to reverse much of Reagan 's economic revolution took a page from the 40th president 's playbook in his 52-minute speech , striking a defiantly optimistic tone that belied the nation 's sour mood and rebutted critics who have accused him of intentionally talking down the economy for short-term political gain . "  Though we are living through difficult and uncertain times , tonight I want every American to know this : We will rebuild , we will recover and the United States of America will emerge stronger than before , " Obama declared to a thunderous round of applause from a packed House chamber . See video highlights of the speech , issue by issue " Delivered against a backdrop of dismal economic news and with polls showing overwhelming majorities of Americans believing the country is on the wrong track , Obama 's first speech to Congress amounted to a political tour de force . He proposed what many claim is a complete overhaul of the country 's economic foundation while ripping his conservative predecessors for transferring "  wealth to the wealthy " and gutting regulations "  for the sake of a quick profit at the expense of a healthy market . " And he did it while employing some of Reagan 's favorite rhetorical tools . Obama stuck to a fairly short list of priorities while invoking traditional American values of responsibility , hard work and thrift to pound home a back-to-basics message . iReport.com : ` Obama just replaced Reagan ' "  A generosity , a resilience , a decency and a determination that perseveres ; a willingness to take responsibility for our future and for posterity ... Those qualities that have made America the greatest force of progress and prosperity in human history we still possess in ample measure , " he said . It is time , he declared , to "  summon that enduring spirit of an America that does not quit . " Ideological differences aside , the nation 's 44th president has made no secret of his admiration for his Republican predecessor . "  Ronald Reagan changed the trajectory of America in a way that Richard Nixon did not , and a way that Bill Clinton did not , " Obama argued at the start of last year 's Democratic primaries . Reagan , Obama said , knew that Americans "  want clarity . We want optimism . We want a return to that sense of dynamism and entrepreneurship that -LSB- has -RSB- been missing . " Tuesday night 's speech featured all of those elements . "  The answers to our problems do n't lie beyond our reach . They exist ... in the imaginations of our entrepreneurs and the pride of the hardest-working people on Earth , " Obama said . What did you think of the speech ? Rate it through our CNN report card " The president 's agenda as defined in his address to Congress may have been the most ambitious in a generation or even two , but it was also easily boiled down to a few bullet points : restore financial stability , strengthen education and promote energy independence and health care reform . It was , in many ways , the mirror image of 1981 , when a newly inaugurated Reagan used the combination of stagnating economic growth and skyrocketing inflation to promote an equally ambitious , simple agenda : cut taxes , shrink government and build up the defense budget . "  You never want a serious crisis to go to waste , " White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said shortly after the election in November . In fact , Obama 's team believes that their boss has already trumped both the Great Communicator and Obama 's immediate Democratic predecessor . Reagan did n't get his economic agenda passed until summer 1981 , a senior White House official noted before the speech Tuesday . And when then-President Bill Clinton delivered his first speech to a joint session of Congress in 1993 , he had only passed the Family and Medical Leave Act and was struggling politically because of the gays-in-the-military flap . In contrast , Obama has already signed into law a sweeping $ 787 billion economic plan , an expansion of children 's health insurance coverage and pay equity legislation . The senior official boasted that Obama has "  gotten more done in 30 days ... than any modern president . " When he took office in 1981 , Reagan said , "  Government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " Obama 's response came Tuesday night : "  I reject the view that says our problems will simply take care of themselves , that says government has no role in laying the foundation for our common prosperity . " It is morning in America again . A new day has clearly dawned .	Like Reagan , Obama takes a defiantly optimistic tone in speech to Congress Obama employs some of Reagan 's favorite rhetorical tools But Obama rejects Reagan view that government has no role in prosperity
CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin responded angrily on her Facebook page Friday to a verbal attack by AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka where he called her a "  crazy magnet . " "  I 'm not sure why he 's attacking my record when I 'm not the one responsible for the policies resulting in continued mass unemployment and a weak economy , " Palin shot back . "  Among my ` crimes , ' the union boss cited the fact that I sometimes write notes on my hand  guilty as charged !  ; that I appear on cable television every once in a while to comment on the news  it 's called the First Amendment , Rich  ; and that my common sense conservatism makes him laugh . " Trumka released the text of the speech before he gave it on Thursday at his organization 's convention in Alaska . In it he complains that every time Democrats have proposed jobs legislation they have been blocked by "  the most politically motivated Republican minority we have ever seen -- and I really do mean ever ... Then he asks , "  What is this crazy magnet that 's pulling people to the right ? I mean , look at your former governor ... " "  After she tied herself to John McCain and they lost , she blew off Alaska , " he said . "  I guess she figured she 'd trade up -- shoot for a national stage . Alaska was too far from the FOX TV spotlight . I bet most of you , on a clear day , can see her hypocrisy from your house . " Palin provided her own assessment of Trumka on her Facebook response . "  Trumka 's attempts to put himself on the side of the working man and woman would be more convincing if he were n't a career union boss who 's spent most of his life in DC , " the statement on Palin 's Facebook page said . "  No surprise then that his priorities are n't the priorities of the average working man or woman , but of the Beltway power player . " CNN 's Jeff Simon contributed to this report .	Palin responds on her Facebook page Union boss called her a "  crazy magnet " Palin questions whether union boss is helping the average worker
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani fired his defense secretary Wednesday , a move that spiked tensions between the South Asian nation 's civilian government and its all-powerful military . The prime minister 's spokesman confirmed to CNN the firing of Naeem Khalid Lodhi . State media reported that it was for "  gross misconduct and illegal action . " The move came after Pakistan 's military issued a statement warning of "  grievous consequences " of a Gilani interview in The People 's Daily Online of China . In it , the military said , Gilani accused the army 's chief of staff and the head of the Inter-Services Intelligence spy agency of violating the constitution . "  There can be no allegation more serious than what the honorable prime minister has leveled , " the statement said . "  This has very serious ramifications with potentially grievous consequences for the country . " The latest tension comes as Pakistan 's Supreme Court investigates a controversial , unsigned memo allegedly drafted by the civilian leadership in which it asked the United States to help rein in the nation 's powerful military . The so-called Memogate scandal has unleashed waves of political intrigue in recent weeks , and the media has described a government on a collision course with its own army . Last month , Gilani spoke provocatively of plots to topple the government . Later , he accepted an army statement pledging support for the democratic process . "  We have been trying to remain on the same page  with the military  for the last four years , " Gilani said in an attempt to temper his comments . In its 64 years of existence , Pakistan has had to balance its civilian and military leadership . Pakistanis have lived through three military coups and decades of military dictatorship . Memogate , wrote businessman Mansoor Ijaz , whose column in October touched off the scandal , publicly exposed the tensions . A series of events have also added to the furor . The U.S. killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden during a May raid on a compound located only about a mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad enraged the Pakistani public and deeply embarrassed the military . Relations became even more strained in November , after NATO forces said they mistakenly killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in airstrikes near the Afghan border -- an attack the United States insists was an act of self-defense after its troops were fired upon . Pakistan 's government has formally disputed the findings of the U.S. investigation into the airstrike , saying the bombardment went on long after it reported its troops were under fire . The United States launched its first drone attack in Pakistan Tuesday after more than a month-long lull , killing at least four suspected militants , CNN confirmed . The drone fired two missiles Tuesday at a suspected militant compound near the provincial capital of Miranshah in the North Waziristan region , located in the country 's volatile tribal belt that borders Afghanistan . Abdul Basit , spokesman for Pakistan 's foreign ministry , told CNN Wednesday that Pakistan did not allow for Tuesday 's strike nor has it ever granted such permission to the United States . "  We have strong reservations on the drone strikes because this is a violation of our sovereignty . We ca n't accept violation of our sovereignty . " Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this story .	Defense Secretary Naeem Khalid Lodhi was fired Wednesday The move comes after the military slammed reported remarks by the prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani accused top military leaders of violating the constitution Tensions have been running high since the so-called Memogate scandal
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government is scrambling to find ways to comply with President Obama 's order to put more air marshals on flights after a botched Christmas Day airline terrorist attack , government sources have told CNN . Hundreds of additional marshals could be "  loaned " from the Secret Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection , a U.S. official briefed on the investigation said . Another source said marshals could be drawn from Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Additional federal air marshals are needed for high-priority international flights , with other law enforcement personnel filling in on key domestic flights , another source noted . There are already believed to be thousands of air marshals , though exact figures have not been made public . Interactive : Key dates linked to Nigerian terror suspect "  There are discussions within -LSB- Department of Homeland Security -RSB- law enforcement agencies about adding to the capacity of the Federal Air Marshal program , " a homeland security official said . Internal notices issued Monday and Wednesday by the Department of Homeland Security ask employees to step up to train as air marshals and to serve at U.S. diplomatic posts abroad . Obama said Tuesday that he had ordered "  concrete steps to protect the American people , new screening and security for all flights , domestic and international , more explosive detection teams at airports , more air marshals on flights and deepening cooperation with international partners . " Some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencies . CNN 's Abbie Boudreau , Deborah Fayerick , Jeanne Meserve and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	President Obama wants more air marshals on flights Effort comes after botched airline terrorist attack Official : Hundreds of additional marshals could be "  loaned " from other agencies Some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencies
CNN  -- Three days after the world watched a giant balloon fly through the air as a tearful family expressed fears that their 6-year-old boy could be inside , authorities announced what millions suspected : The whole thing was staged . The balloon is displayed at the sheriff 's department in Fort Collins , Colorado , on Sunday . The "  Aha ! " moment that led authorities to realize what had happened was an interview with the family Thursday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Sheriff Jim Alderden of Larimer County said Sunday . In the interview with Wolf Blitzer , filling in for King , the Heenes asked their son why he had not come out from hiding when they called his name . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " the boy responded . On Sunday , Alderden called the incident a "  hoax , " adding that investigators believe the evidence indicates that "  it was a publicity stunt " by the family in hopes of "  better marketing themselves for a reality television show at some point in the future . " The parents , Richard and Mayumi Heene , met in a Hollywood acting school and "  put on a very good show for us , " Alderden said . Authorities know there was "  a conspiracy " between them , he added . He said charges are expected to be filed in the case . The couple 's attorney told CNN affiliate KMGH that he has n't seen any evidence beyond "  speculation , " but the Heenes would turn themselves in if charges are filed . "  All I 'm saying if you 've got some reason to arrest him , let me know , he 'll turn himself in , " said Denver attorney David Lane referring to Richard Heene . "  If you got the goods , just tell me . " The sheriff said investigators also want to interview 25-year-old researcher Robert Thomas who worked with Richard Heene for about two months last spring . Thomas was paid by Gawker.com -- a popular gossip site -- to write about his experience with Heene for a story published on Saturday . Watch Alderden tell how police recognized "  hoax " " In an interview arranged with the help of Gawker , Thomas told CNN Sunday that as a student at Colorado State University with an interest in electromagnetic studies , he sought out Heene for a job as a possible research assistant . He said he ended up as his "  stenographer , " taking down Heene 's ideas and proposals for reality-show pitches . Thomas said that at one point they were talking about the Roswell UFO incident of the late 1940s , when Heene said it would be easy to cook up "  a media stunt that would be equally profound as Roswell , and we could do so with nothing more than a weather balloon and some controversy . " Thomas said he wrote up the balloon idea , which he says did not involve any kids going missing , as a potential reality show episode . "  I did n't know that he was going to do something like this , " Thomas told CNN Sunday . Thomas said he eventually quit working with Heene in May . The sheriff 's announcement included an admission that authorities misled the media on Friday when they said they still believed it was not a hoax . After Falcon 's remark on CNN Thursday night , "  it became very clear to us at that point that they were lying , " Alderden said . The "  nonverbal responses " and "  verbal cues " from the children at that moment made it clear , Alderden said . But to get to the truth , "  it was very important during this time that they maintained their trust with us . " So investigators misled the media while they carried out their "  game plan " of gathering the truth . Watch body language expert analyze Heene interview " That plan included pursuing separate interviews with the Heene parents and polygraph tests , partly by arguing that it could help end the media frenzy surrounding them , Alderden said . He added that by law he could not say whether those tests were taken . The Heenes have repeatedly denied any hoax . In an interview Friday with CNN 's "  American Morning , " Richard Heene said Falcon 's remark was a reference to the media that had assembled in front of the family 's home . Charges have not been filed , but authorities expect to recommend felony charges including conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant , Alderden said . They also plan to recommend a charge of filing a false police report , which is a misdemeanor . Watch family lawyer : Clients "  presumed innocent " " He also said it is unlikely that someone convicted of these charges would face jail time . Explainer : How ` balloon boy ' drama began " One of the key questions that remain unanswered , Alderden said , is : Where was Falcon as police searched for him ? On Friday , Alderden said it had been determined that the boy was hiding in an attic in the garage , and had fallen asleep . Now , authorities are unsure . Alderden said the boy may not have even been in the home . "  The biggest error we made is when we searched the house very clearly we did n't search the house as thoroughly as we should , " he said . Authorities had assumed a 6-year-old boy could not have reached that attic , he said , so they took the Heenes at their word that he had hidden there the whole time . The Heenes have previously appeared on the ABC program "  Wife Swap . " Richard Heene chases storms and brings the family along . After the Hollywood gossip Web site TMZ.com reported that the Heenes had been "  pitching a reality show about the wacky family , " one of the networks mentioned -- TLC , which produces the show "  Jon and Kate plus 8 " -- told CNN that "  they approached us months ago , and we passed . " Heene has been described as a meteorologist , but his education ended at the high school level , Alderden said . Alderden also said authorities are concerned about the safety of the three children , ages 6 , 8 , and 10 . In fact , authorities spoke with Mayumi Heene "  at length about domestic violence " and the children 's safety , Alderden said . "  But we did n't have enough that would allow us or Child Protection Services to physically take the kids from that environment . " iReport.com : "  Outraged " over balloon hoax A 911 call was made from the home earlier this year that led authorities to a "  suspicious circumstance " that Alderden said may have involved "  domestic violence , perhaps against the wife . " Lane , the Heenes ' attorney , told KMGH that he has "  no reason to believe they 're anything but loving parents . " In an interview Friday with CNN 's "  American Morning , " the Heene parents -- looking exhausted -- expressed relief that their son was alive . "  I 'm feeling very , very grateful that Falcon is among us , " Richard Heene said . iReport.com : "  Balloon boy saga is symptom , not disease " Mayumi Heene said that the family was sitting in their living room , distraught and terrified for missing Falcon , when he walked into the room . " -LSB- It -RSB- felt like from nowhere . When I first saw him , I could n't even believe it . I could n't comprehend right away , " she said , adding that the next moment she was "  just jumping , calling his name . " She began to "  scream and cry , and I just enjoyed that moment . " CNN 's Greg Morrison and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Attorney says Heene will turn himself in if there 's "  reason to arrest him " Sheriff suspected lie after Falcon 's comment on ` Larry King Live ' Thursday Sheriff : Authorities misled media on their suspicions to maintain Heenes ' "  trust " 6-year-old , feared to be in runaway balloon Thursday , was later found at home
Dallas  CNN  -- A district attorney in Texas said Thursday that the statute of limitations prohibits the filing of charges against a judge shown in a 2004 video repeatedly beating his then-teenage daughter . The daughter , meanwhile , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper she uploaded the graphic video as a way to reconcile with Judge William Adams . "  I wanted to show my father , ` Hey , I think you were in some denial about the way you are treating me and my mother . ' And maybe showing him this would make him see something he did n't before , " Hillary Adams , now 23 , told CNN . William Adams , a court-at-law judge in Aransas County , Texas , faces a judicial conduct probe over the incident . Aransas County District Attorney Patrick Flanigan sent a letter to Rockport Police Chief Tim Jayroe Thursday evening , informing him of his decision on prosecution . "  It is clear that no criminal misdemeanor information nor any criminal felony indictment may be presented for any criminal charge that may be depicted on the subject video , " Flanigan wrote . "  Limitations prevent prosecution of any applicable criminal charge shown on said video . " Rockport police said they would contact federal authorities to determine whether any criminal charges may be filed in federal court . Earlier , Flanigan said authorities were looking at numerous factors , including the child 's age and the statute of limitations . The law is complex on which charges could be brought , he said , and which statutes may apply -- all speculation until the video is confirmed to be authentic . A criminal defense lawyer said it was not likely that Adams could be prosecuted . In an offense involving injury to a child , Texas law defines a child as being 14 years or less , said Houston lawyer Chris Tritico . Hillary Adams was 16 in the video . Jayroe said the statute of limitations for felony injury to a child is five years . The video shows the judge whipping his daughter with a belt , cursing at her and berating her . The 2004 beating occurred when her father was punishing her for using the Internet "  to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time , " Hillary Adams wrote on the Internet posting . She said she released the video after being harassed by her father . Hillary Adams ' comments to "  AC360 " came shortly after William Adams said she posted the video after he warned this year he might reduce financial support to her . "  If the public must know , just prior to the YouTube upload , a concerned father shared with his 23-year-old daughter that he was unwilling to continue to work hard and be her primary source of financial support , if she was going to simply ` drop out , ' and strive to achieve no more in life than to work part-time at a video game store , " the judge said in a statement . Adams said Hillary told him that if he "  reduced her financial support , and took away her Mercedes automobile , which her father had provided , he would live to regret it . The post was then uploaded . " Asked on "  AC360 " to respond , Hillary Adams said , "  I think that 's a perfect example of the way he would always twist stories in our community to make him come out as the good guy . " She said her father , while assisting , was not her primary source of financial support . The father wrote Hillary Adams "  inexplicably dropped out " two classes shy of completing her college studies . Hillary and her mother , Hallie Adams , spoke with Cooper about what they called a dysfunctional home where violence was a regular occurrence . The mother participated in the videotaped beating , but has since apologized . She said her former husband told her to help administer the punishment . "  I thought he was a monster , " Hallie Adams said about her review of the video . "  I thought that I was a witch . " Hillary Adams said she left her video camera on her dresser recording and covered its light with a scarf in order to capture the video . The video is punctuated by cracks of the man 's belt and the girl 's screams and cries . At one point in the 71/2 - minute video , the man says to his near-hysterical daughter , "  What happened to you , Hillary ? Once you were an obedient , nice little girl . Now you lie , cheat and steal . " He yells at her , "  You want to put some more computer games on ? You want some more ? " "  Are you happy ? " he asks her . "  Disobeying your parents ? You do n't deserve to f -- ing be in this house . " He also berates the girl 's mother for allowing a "  f -- ing computer " in the house . The older woman also strikes the girl with a belt once , and near the end of the video instructs the girl not to "  touch one other thing on the computer besides your schoolwork until you are given notice otherwise . " Asked whether William Adams , who handles family-related and juvenile court issues , should oversee such matters , Hillary Adams said , "  I do n't think he 's fit for the position . " But she was worried about him losing his job . "  I really do n't know what the solution for him is , " she told Cooper . "  Except that I really want him to seek some kind of help . " Her father questioned her motives and timing . "  Perhaps Hillary Adams should explain , if she felt she was raised by a tyrannical father , a claim shared with no one until five years after adulthood , why she insisted on living with her father and not her mother from the time of her parent 's divorce , until she moved out on her own , " William Adams said . "  Hillary Adams has been living on her own for some time , and has been an adult for almost six years , so why post the video in late 2011 ? " Meanwhile , the state Commission of Judicial Conduct was inundated with calls , e-mails and faxes , it said in an online statement announcing the start of a probe into the matter . Aransas County Attorney Richard Bianchi said his office was also overwhelmed with calls and e-mails , including some from overseas , since the video went viral on the Internet . "  Just a sad day . It 's unfortunate for all the people in that video . It does n't bode well for the image of our community or our judiciary or our legal community in Aransas County , " Bianchi said . Adams was temporarily relieved of his duties for the next two weeks , and a visiting judge will take over his caseload while the matter is being investigated , according to the office of Aransas County Administrative Judge Burt Mills . In an interview with KZTV outside his Rockport , Texas , home Wednesday , Adams confirmed to a reporter that he was the man beating his daughter with a belt and a board on the video . "  She 's mad because I 've ordered her to bring the car back , in a nutshell , but yeah , that 's me . I lost my temper , " Adams told the station . "  Her mother was there , she was n't hurt ... it was a long time ago ... I really do n't want to get into this right now because as you can see my life 's been made very difficult over this child . " Adams continued : "  In my mind I have not done anything wrong other than discipline my child when she was caught stealing . I did lose my temper , I 've apologized . It looks worse than it is . " William Adams told KRIS that the conduct is "  not as bad as it looks on tape . " The judge said he had contacted judicial review officials in Austin and "  more will come out " in the investigation , KRIS reported . Whether Adams will face consequences for beating his daughter remains to be seen . But he will have to face the public three years from now , when he is up for re-election . "  I do n't want to see my father prosecuted , " Hillary Adams told CNN . "  I do n't want to see him punished by the law because I think he 's been punished enough by all this . What I really think needs to happen is that we need to get him help . " This article is based on reporting by Tracy Sabo in Dallas and Dave Alsup , Ashley Hayes and Moni Basu in Atlanta . CNN 's Gary Tuchman , Carma Hassan and Michael Martinez contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	District attorney says he can not file charges because of "  limitations " Daughter tells Anderson Cooper she released tape to help reconcile with father Now 23 , she says violence was a regular occurrence The judge says his daughter warned him if he "  reduced her financial support "
CNN  -- A British woman touring India dropped from her hotel room 's balcony to the one below to escape the hotel 's owner , who had been trying to enter her room , police said Tuesday . The owner was arrested on a harassment complaint , police said . A police official initially told CNN the owner was suspected of attempted rape , but Agra District Police Chief Subhash Dubey later said the woman was complaining only of harassment . Doctors say the woman , traveling alone in Agra , might have ligament injuries but no fracture from her balcony-to-balcony escape , according to Dubey . She will cut short the rest of her trip and return to the United Kingdom , he said . The woman locked the door of her room when the owner , Sachin Chauhan , offered her what he said was a preplanned massage , Dubey said . When Chauhan kept knocking on the door and insisted on the service , she left through her balcony , according to Dubey . The man has denied any intention to assault the woman , Dubey told CNN . He added the woman is feeling afraid , and the police superintendent and two female constables are staying with her . The incident comes amid a number of high-profile accusations of violence against women in India , and protests demanding that the violence end . Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013 Last week , five men were accused of raping a Swiss tourist . Police said the men confessed to the crime , which allegedly took place in central India at a camping area near a forest in Datia district . Confessions in police custody are not admissible in court , however , and can be retracted . That incident sparked demonstrations demanding that lawmakers be held accountable for a lack of law and order . India was the focus of worldwide attention and national outrage in December after a 23-year-old student was gang-raped on a bus in New Delhi . She died in a Singapore hospital from injuries she suffered in the attack . CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	Police : A hotel owner told a woman he had a massage for her The woman jumped from the balcony of her hotel room to another floor She feared the hotel owner and complained of harassment , police say The incident comes amid high-profile assault cases in India
CNN  -- Long a veteran of the highways of rural California , Google 's self-driving car is working on becoming safer in the city . Over the past year or so , Google has been fine-tuning how the software running its fleet of automated vehicles handles the complexities of stop-and-go driving in heavily populated areas . "  A mile of city driving is much more complex than a mile of freeway driving , with hundreds of different objects moving according to different rules of the road in a small area , " Chris Urmson , the head of Google 's self-driving-car project , said Monday in a blog post . Urmson said engineers have improved the cars ' software to recognize situations like pedestrian traffic , buses , stop signs held by crossing guards and hand signals made by cyclists . And , he says , self-driving cars have the potential to handle all of that even better than we do . "  A self-driving vehicle can pay attention to all of these things in a way that a human physically ca n't -- and it never gets tired or distracted , " Urmson wrote . "  As it turns out , what looks chaotic and random on a city street to the human eye is actually fairly predictable to a computer . " The CNN 10 : Meet the future of driving Since 2011 , when self-driving vehicles became street-legal in Nevada , Google has logged nearly 700,000 miles with the cars , mostly on highways . The only reported accidents have happened when one of the cars was being driven by a person , or they were the fault of another driver . Autonomous cars are also now legal in California , Florida and Michigan , although all states still require a human driver behind the wheel . Google has been testing the cars around its Silicon Valley headquarters in suburban Mountain View , California . There 's more to learn before testing them in another city , Urmson wrote , "  but thousands of situations on city streets that would have stumped us two years ago can now be navigated autonomously . " The cars ' technology includes a laser radar system and a laser-based range finder that lets software create detailed 3-D maps of the surroundings . In a YouTube video also posted Monday , one of the cars is shown recognizing and changing lanes in a construction zone , negotiating a railroad crossing and making a right turn at an intersection crowded with cars , cyclists and pedestrians . "  With every passing mile we 're growing more optimistic that we 're heading toward an achievable goal -- a vehicle that operates fully without human intervention , " Urmson wrote .	Google says its self-driving cars are getting better on city streets Company has logged 700,000 miles with the automated vehicles Improvements help cars navigate around pedestrians , cyclists and other obstacles Director says cars can handle distractions better than humans
CNN  -- Friends and family of Jean and Scott Adam -- avid sailors killed by pirates while on a round-the-world boating adventure -- mourned their losses Wednesday and tried to make sense of the tragedy . The Adams , along with fellow sailors Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle , were found shot to death after U.S. forces boarded their hijacked vessel around 1 a.m. Tuesday , U.S. officials said . The 58-foot yacht , named the Quest , was being shadowed by the military after pirates took the ship off the coast of Oman on Friday . The forces responded after a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at a U.S. Navy ship about 600 yards away -- and missed -- and the sound of gunfire could be heard on board the Quest , U.S. Navy Vice Admiral Mark Fox told reporters . "  Despite immediate steps to provide life-saving care , all four hostages ultimately died of their wounds , " U.S. Central Command said . "  We 're trying to deal with the grief of the loss , " Clayton Schmit , a friend of the Adams , told CNN . "  We 've been praying earnestly over the weekend , and  since  we had the news that thing went bad , we 've all been deeply in mourning . " Schmit , a Lutheran minister , is a professor at Fuller Theological Seminary in California , where Scott Adam taught as a graduate student . The Adams were from Marina del Rey , California . Macay and Riggle were from Seattle . The killings took place as negotiations involving the FBI were under way for the hostages ' release , Fox said . Two pirates had boarded a U.S. Navy ship Monday for the negotiations , he said . He told reporters he had no information on details of the negotiations or whether a ransom had been offered . Two pirates were found dead on board the Quest , he said . In the process of clearing the vessel , U.S. forces killed two others , one with a knife , Fox said . Thirteen others were captured and detained along with the other two already on board the U.S. Navy ship . Nineteen pirates were involved altogether , he said . Fox said authorities believe the pirates were trying to get the vessel and hostages to Somalia , or at least into Somali territorial waters . He added that it was the deadliest pirate hijacking involving U.S. citizens that he could recall . There have been fewer than 10 fatalities associated with pirate activity in the region in the past few years , he said . The 15 detained pirates were being held together on a U.S. warship , Fox said , and "  we will go through the appropriate process to bring them to a judicial process and hold them accountable for their activities . " Piracy has flourished recently off the coast of Somalia , which has not had an effective government for two decades . While piracy in the Indian Ocean has taken place for years close to the Somali coast , "  in 2008 we saw a very marked and rapid shift into the Gulf of Aden , where Somali pirates were attacking and hijacking vessels very , very regularly , " said Cyrus Mody , manager at the International Maritime Bureau in London . International navies combating piracy have been fairly successful in setting up a patrolled transit corridor through the Gulf of Aden , Mody and Fox said . But the pirates ' activities then shifted into the southern Red Sea , Indian Ocean and the Arabian Sea area , Mody said . Over 50 pirate attacks have already taken place in 2011 . As of February 15 , pirates were holding 33 vessels and 712 hostages . Schmit told CNN that the Adams were aware of the growing danger of piracy in the Indian Ocean , particularly near the Horn of Africa , where the Quest was located at the time of the attack . While sailing around the world , the Adams were delivering Bibles to hospitals and schools in dangerous locations , Schmit said . "  It was their mission in life and nothing was going to deter Scott . " "  There are many places in the world where Christian missionaries are facing the possibility of capture and torture and death , " Schmit added . "  Most of the people who embark on those kinds of missions are well aware of  the dangers  . They 're surrounded by prayer and uplifted by their friends and family . ... If they feel called , they typically go . " Schmit said the Adams did n't feel comfortable arming themselves while in dangerous waters . Scott Adams had noted , among other things , that "  if you take a firearm on board and you stop at certain ports , your boat can be confiscated along with your cargo , so he did n't want to risk that . " The Adams , Macay and Riggle had been traveling with yachts participating in the Blue Water Rally since their departure from Phuket , Thailand , rally organizers said Sunday on the event 's website . The group , which organizes long-distance group cruises , said the Quest broke off on February 15 after leaving Mumbai , India , to take a different route . "  We 're all speculating " as to why the Quest broke away from the other boats , Schmit said . "  Somehow they slipped through the hole in the safety net . " CNN 's Mike Pearson , Ashley Hayes , Carol Cratty , David McKenzie , Alan Silverleib , and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report	Four Americans on the yacht were fatally shot , officials say Fifteen pirates are in custody ; another four are dead Jean and Scott Adams were delivering Bibles to different places around the world Friends do n't know why the yacht broke away from a larger group of boats
Vienna , Austria  CNN  -- Negotiations between Western powers and Iran to reach a permanent agreement on the future of Tehran 's nuclear ambitions are likely to be extended beyond the July 20 deadline , a senior U.S. official and a Western diplomat told CNN on Tuesday . The sources , who did not speak for full attribution , said the United States and its partners in the negotiations -- Britain , France , Germany , China and Russia -- had not started talking about an extension with the Iranians . But there are a number of potential time frames being discussed among the United States and its partners , ranging up to six months , the sources said . Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday in Vienna the negotiations have not yet bridged some "  very real gaps . " Kerry told reporters there had been "  tangible progress on key issues , " but negotiators have yet to arrive at a "  workable formula . " He said he would return to Washington to consult with the White House and lawmakers on options for moving forward , including whether to extend the talks beyond the deadline . "  Our team will continue working very hard to try to reach a comprehensive agreement that resolves the international community 's concerns , " Kerry said of the negotiators . Despite the continued differences , Kerry said he believed there was a way ahead . "  But -- and this is a critical point -- while there is a path forward , Iran needs to choose to take it . And our goal now is to determine the precise contours of that path , and I believe we can , " he said . Responding to reporters ' questions , he added that trust has to be built because of Iran 's past track record in pursuing a secret nuclear program . Tehran insists its nuclear ambitions are peaceful , but the world powers fear it plans to build nuclear weapons . "  We do n't see any benefit in Iran developing a nuclear weapon , " Iran 's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif told NBC 's "  Meet The Press " on Sunday . He said Iran has a number of advantages over its neighbors , including "  the fact that we have better technology , " which Iran does n't need to augment with nuclear weapons . Possible extension While a six-month extension would give them the maximum negotiating time , the Obama administration has domestic considerations to weigh , including a November deadline after which new sanctions on Iran would have to be imposed under U.S. law . There are also opponents in Congress who could use the chance for an extension to try to torpedo a deal . When asked about prospects for an extension , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he was "  not in a position to speculate about which path will be taken . " An interim deal that took effect in January required Iran to dismantle or freeze some of its nuclear program and open it to more international inspections in return for limited relief from crippling international sanctions . That set the stage for the current talks on a permanent accord . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report . Labott reported from Washington and Crawford from Vienna .	John Kerry : There are still "  very real gaps " between Iran and six world powers Progress has been made but no workable formula has been found yet , he says NEW : There could be an extension of a July 20 deadline to reach a permanent deal Iran says its intentions are peaceful ; the world powers fear it wants nuclear weapons
Internal tensions in both political parties dominated this week 's final trip around the ` Inside Politics ' table . John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . 1 . Seething over Schumer Look for more open battles between the Obama White House and congressional Democrats as we move into 2015 . Julie Hirschfeld Davis of The New York Times described White House officials as "  privately still pretty angry " at New York Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer for saying the President was wrong to prioritize health care legislation over other issues in his first term . And there is also bad blood after the White House pulled the plug on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's effort to negotiate a tax package with congressional Republicans . "  I think we 're going to see in the weeks and months ahead a real sort of division starting to emerge , especially as the White House starts to really press on trade , which is an issue that divides Democrats , " said Hirschfeld Davis . "  I think we 're going to see that daylight get even brighter . " 2 . Boehner 's secret weapon House Speaker John Boehner makes clear he has no interest in shutting the government down , and is no question in stronger political shape than he was in some past battles with the conservative grass roots . But stronger does n't mean he does n't appreciate a little help , and Robert Costa of The Washington Post took us inside efforts by the newest member of the leadership team to help keep the GOP troops in line . At issue : the work of House Whip Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana . "  He has been able to finagle this thing for the last few days and make sure that conservatives feel like they are part of the process in the House leadership and that they 're not looking for a showdown the way they did a year ago when they got a shutdown over health care reform , " said Costa . 3 . Room for a "  nerd " in the GOP 2016 pack ? There are a half dozen GOP governors mulling 2016 presidential runs , including the CEOs of Texas , Indiana , Louisiana , Ohio , Wisconsin and New Jersey . But Jonathan Martin of The New York Times says keep an eye on the self-described "  nerd " who was just re-elected in the blue state of Michigan . Martin talked to Snyder when he was in Washington this past week getting an award from Governing Magazine . "  It 's this great dance , John , as you know , " said Martin . "  You talk to these politicians and they are waiting for you to ask the question and finally you do : ` So do you want to run for president ? ' " "  And of course he has to answer that right now he is fully focused on Michigan and telling the Michigan story and chief in that is that the unemployment rate has dropped in that state that was so hard hit during the recession . But he is someone that at the very least wants to be in the mix for 2016 . " 4 . A 2016 litmus test for Christie ? President Barack Obama 's executive actions on immigration are not only infuriating key conservatives in Congress -- they are triggering legal challenges from many states , and in a way that could ripple into the 2016 presidential race . Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post notes that the governors of Indiana , Wisconsin and Louisiana are signatories to the suit , as is the GOP governor of South Carolina . All factor into 2016 talk of potential candidates or maybe vice presidential picks on the GOP side . But Henderson notes one glaring name not on the list : New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  Christie has said so far that he does n't want to talk at all about immigration reform -- he wo n't do that unless he decides to run , " said Henderson . "  But it is a question of whether or not this lawsuit will be kind of a litmus test going forward in 2016 and whether or not he is going to be pressured to sign on and how he 's going to navigate that . " 5 . Hillary 2016 announcement -- maybe later There is nothing certain when it comes to Clintonland , but the safer bet appears to be later rather than sooner as to when we will get official word about her 2016 intentions . The timing debate has been going on for months . Some allies believe an early announcement -- as in by the end of 2014 - is best , to end the doubts and bring early order to the organization . Others say there is little reason to rush , noting the lack of a formidable opponent and the added scrutiny and requirements that come with being a candidate in the eyes of the law . The former secretary of state is holding meetings to discuss her team , but is described by friends as not in too much of a hurry to make a final decision and then let it be known . So , for now anyway , the betting is she will wait a bit into 2015 .	Battles are brewing between the White House and Democrats House Speaker John Boehner 's secret weapon in the GOP leadership Chris Christie 's 2016 immigration litmus test
CNN  -- This year 's Forbes Rich List is notable for the absence of Bill Gates at the top . After 13 years as the world 's richest man , he has finally been toppled by his friend Warren Buffett who has an estimate fortune of $ 62bn . The Middle East 's richest man : Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud The list -- which is a run down of the 1,125 richest people on the planet -- estimates a person 's total net worth in US dollars based on the closing stock prices of the stock exchanges on which their company is listed . The Middle East 's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud , the 51 year old Saudi who has an estimated net worth of $ 21bn . He ranks 19th in the list and is considered to be the most active and successful investor in the Middle East . He took his investment vehicle , Kingdom Holding , public on the Saudi stock exchange in July 2007 . The company contains investments in well-known global companies such as Citigroup and News Corp. . In the early 1990s , Alwaleed made a risky bet on Citigroup that paid off massively and has in recent years accounted for nearly half his fortune . Kuwaiti construction heir Nasser Al-Kharafi is the next richest in 46th place with an inherited fortune of $ 14bn . He heads M.A. Al-Kharafi & Sons , one of the largest diversified conglomerates in the Arab world . Americana , the company 's lucrative food division is extremely successful and has exclusive franchise rights in the region for Pizza Hut , TGI Fridays and other big global brands . Faiza , his sister was the first woman president of Kuwait University . Naguib Sawiris , the eldest son of telecoms billionaire and Orascom Telecom founder Onsi Sawiris ranks next in 60th place with a net worth of $ 12.7 bn . In addition to Orascom Telecom , his assets -- via European holding company Weather Investments -- include Italian phone company , Wind and leading Greek telecom companies Wind Hellas and Tellas . His brother , Nassef is in 68th place , with an estimated worth of $ 11bn and his father Onsi who serves as chairman of Orascom comes in at 96th place with $ 9bn . E-mail to a friend	The Middle East 's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud He ranks 19th in the world in the Forbes Rich List Seven other billionaires from the Middle East rank in the top 100
CNN  -- He overcame his nerves on Saturday , but Trevor Fisher Jnr . will have to do it all again if he wants to win his first European Tour title . The 33-year-old will have a shootout with fellow South African Richard Sterne at their home Joburg Open on Sunday after moving out to a five-shot lead over the rest of the field . Both shot four-under-par 68 to be 19 under the card after three rounds , with 2011 Masters champion Charl Schwartzel in a group of four players tied for third . "  A bit of nerves set in there , " said Fisher , who has won seven times on southern Africa 's Sunshine Tour . "  You try not to think about the lead , but it 's there in front of you . " Fisher finished third at the same tournament in January last year , his best result in a top-level event . "  I was a bit jumpy with the swing and was n't waiting at the top , so I hit a few bad shots there , " he told the European Tour website on Saturday . "  But I came back nicely with a few birdies . It 's just a feeling , and you 've got to try and feel comfortable out there as much as possible . " Sterne is looking for his first victory since December 2008 , when he won two successive titles on home soil and three that year including the Joburg Open . The 31-year-old finished second at last week 's Dubai Desert Classic , having led at the halfway stage . "  It 's quite draining for two weeks in a row , but I 'd rather be here than in the middle of the pack . The heart is pumping quite fast out there , " said the five-time European Tour winner . Schwartzel , the Joburg champion in 2010 and 2011 , is looking for his third successive title after December victories at the Asian Tour 's Thailand Open and the co-sanctioned Alfred Dunhill Championship held in Malalane near Kruger National Park . He was tied with fellow South Africans Jaco van Zyl  67  and George Coetzee  70  plus Chile 's Felipe Aguilar , who also carded 68 . Pebble Beach leaderboard Meanwhile , Brandt Snedeker is looking to shake off his tag of the PGA Tour 's "  2013 nearly man " after retaining a share of the lead after three rounds at the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am . Snedeker , runner-up to Tiger Woods in the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines and to Phil Mickelson at the Phoenix Open in the last two weeks , matched Friday 's 68 to move three clear before James Hahn caught him with a 66 . It was the ninth successive round in the 60s for last year 's FedEx Cup winner Snedeker , seeking his first victory since September 's Tour Championship win , which earned him a $ 10 million jackpot . Chris Kirk was third , another shot back on 11-under 203 after carding 64 on Saturday , while joint halfway leader Patrick Reed dropped to fourth following a 67 . Defending champion Mickelson was tied for 56th after a 73	Richard Sterne and Trevor Fisher Jnr . have five-shot lead in Johannesburg event Fisher is seeking his first European Tour title , while Sterne won his last in 2008 Former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel tied for third in group of four players Brandt Snedeker is looking to shake off his tag of the PGA Tour 's "  nearly man "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea says it may back out of the family reunions it agreed to hold with South Korea if the latter continues with the annual drills it holds with the United States . Annual military exercises in the region by South Korean and U.S. forces are scheduled for the end of this month . "  The reckless act of war is a violent violation and infringement of humanitarianism , " a spokesman for the North Korean Policy Department of the National Defense Commission said Thursday . "  It does not make sense to carry out the reunion of families , who were separated due to the War , during a dangerous nuclear war practice . " The drills , the South Korean defense ministry said Thursday , will go on . The reunions of about 100 people from each country are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25 , the South Korean unification ministry said Wednesday , following face-to-face talks between the two sides . If they go ahead , the meetings of divided Korean families would be the first to take place since 2010 . North Korea has unceremoniously pulled the plug on such meetings in the past . "  If such agreements get turned around repeatedly , it can not move forward , " South Korean Unification Minister Rhoo Kihl-jae told reporters . "  We 've seen these in the past several decades . To expand the trust , I want to say that the agreement must be kept . " Drills infuriate N.Korea The drills infuriate North Korea , which says it sees them as a prelude to an invasion . Last year , it ratcheted up its threatening rhetoric to alarming levels as the exercises took place . In its calls so far this year for better relations , North Korea has asked South Korea not to take part in the drills -- a request that Seoul and Washington have rejected . Past disappointment Reunions were due to take place last September , but Pyongyang canceled them with only a few days notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . The reunions are an emotive issue . And time is running out for many of the surviving members of the families that were split by the 1950-53 war between the two Koreas . A lot of them are now in their 80s and 90s . Tens of thousands of people in South Korea are on the list of those wanting to take part in the reunions . This month 's planned reunions are scheduled to take place at the site where previous ones were held : Mount Kumgang , a resort on the North Korean side of the border that used to be jointly operated by both sides . North Korea blames South , cancels family reunions in September	SK minister : "  The agreement must be kept " The reunions will take place between February 20 and 25 , South Korea says North Korea canceled previously scheduled reunions last year Tensions remain over U.S.-South Korean drills
New York  CNN  -- High-end clothing retailer Juicy Couture shut the doors of its Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan , New York , after employees discovered bedbugs there . The 15,000-square-foot clothing store closed Tuesday but is expected to reopen Friday , after an exterminating company removes and treats all of its merchandise . It 's the latest bedbug problem to affect stores and hotels across the city . Employees discovered the bugs after hours Monday , company spokesman Joseph Assad said . Juicy Couture is owned by Liz Claiborne Inc. , a New York-based fashion company . Customers affected by the outbreak may make returns to the store , Assad said . "  Our primary concern is to our customers , store employees and their well-being . " The retailer 's three other stores in the city were also tested as a precaution , but no bedbugs were found at any of those locations , he said . The average bedbug is a wingless blood-sucking insect that grows up to 7 millimeters  a little more than a quarter inch  in length , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The bugs leave itchy bite marks on the skin , and some people are allergic to them . Calls to exterminators concerning bedbugs have increased 81 percent since 2000 , according to the National Pest Management Association , which conducted the 2010 Comprehensive Global Bed Bug Study with the University of Kentucky . Last month , lawmakers and industry leaders met in Washington to discuss the outbreak at the Congressional Bedbug Forum , hosted by Reps. G.K. Butterfield , D-North Carolina , and Don Young , R-Alaska .	The clothing company temporarily closed its Fifth Avenue store The store is expected to reopen Friday , after an exterminator 's treatment Bedbug-related exterminator calls have increased 81 percent since 2000 , study says
EW.com  -- Oh , Fiona . How we 've missed her ! Her music , her proto-American Apparel videos , her predictably unpredictable nature . In her absence , we 've settled for the likes of Lana Del Rey and Paz de la Huerta , which has been whatever . But thankfully , Apple 's back this year , and to celebrate , she 's giving the world what she knows it wants : another alarmingly long album title . It 's 67 words shorter than than her last long-titled album , but the songstress ' new one is still a 23-word-deep doozy . Here it is in all its randomly capitalized glory : "  The Idler Wheel is wiser than the Driver of the Screw , and Whipping Cords will serve you more than Ropes will ever do . " The album , Apple 's fourth -- and first since "  2005 $  s Extraordinary Machine " -- does n't have a firm release date yet , though June is reportedly in the running . But the bigger mystery is : what do we call it ? The "  Idler Wheel " is the obvious choice , but judging by the title 's capitalization , there are more options , including : "  Driver of the Screw , " "  Whipping Cords , " and "  Ropes . " Or you could go rogue and refer to it as "  Serve You More , " or even "  Wiser Than . " Either way , we feel sorry for the intern at Epic Records who 'll be spending her summer composing tweets with the hashtag #theidlerwheeeliswiserthanthedriverofthescrewandwhippingcords willserveyoumorethanropeswilleverdo . What 's your favorite ever paragraph-as-album-title ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fiona Apple 's back this year with another alarmingly long album title It 's 67 words shorter than than her last long-titled album The album , Apple 's fourth does n't have a firm release date yet
CNN  "  I will come to Tunisia . " It 's a bold pledge , some might say . But people across the globe are making that vow despite the deadly attack in the Tunis on Wednesday . Twenty-three people , most of them tourists , were killed after gunmen opened fire inside the Bardo Museum , a stone 's throw from the parliament building . The "  I will come to Tunisia " social media campaign is aimed at protecting the North African nation 's tourism industry -- which is critical to the country 's economy . The social media campaign features users holding up signs saying they will travel to the North African country . "  I will travel to Tunisia this summer , " reads a sign held up by a girl from China . A Dutch man 's paper says : "  Heroes ! I will visit Tunisia and celebrate your Independence Day . " Tens of thousands of people online have expressed support and solidarity with #JeSuisBardo  "  I am Bardo "  , #JeSuisTunisien  "  I am Tunisian "  , and #PrayForTunisia trending on Twitter . Some one in five Tunisians rely on tourism for their living , the nation 's tourism minister said in 2013 . Travel warnings in place in the United States , the United Kingdom and other countries could cripple Tunisia 's economy . It 's a fresh wound after a painful few years in the birthplace of the Arab Spring . Visits to the country dropped significantly after the unrest of the 2010-2011 Jasmine Revolution , but the numbers had been bouncing back before the museum attack . An online advertisement to visit Tunisia , posted long before the attacks , shows people holding hands at some of Tunisia 's most treasured landmarks . Human chains form across beaches , mountains , ancient ruins , the desert . The message : "  All united to welcome you . " This week , those words were repeated in social media . A Tunisian woman , also part of the campaign , holds a sign : "  Welcome To Tunisia . We are not terrorists , " followed by the hashtag #notafraid . In this online campaign , fear itself is the enemy . A Tunisian lawmaker spoke to that this week , sharing with the world : "  We are not afraid . "	Campaign to support Tunisian tourism takes hold on social media Tourism official : One in five Tunisians depends on tourists to make a living #JeSuisBardo and #PrayForTunisia are trending
CNN  -- Jared Gabay is like many other college students . When he has a big test coming up , he turns to what 's called a "  study drug " for a little extra boost . "  I 'm more driven . I do n't focus on anything else , " the Auburn University senior says about taking the drugs . "  If I have a paper , that 's all I 'm doing . No distractions , no socializing , just on with it . " Gabay takes the prescription drug Adderall , designed to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD . He does n't have ADHD or a prescription , but the drug is not hard for him to get . "  It 's easy -- not sketchy or perceived in a bad way , " he says . "  Maybe a simple text or a phone call . ` Hey mind if I get some Adderall ? I 've got a long night ahead of me . ' " After taking the pill he hits the books in his fraternity house room , pulling an all-nighter studying . It 's a scene that is playing out at college campuses across the United States . Alan DeSantis , a professor and researcher at the University of Kentucky , has tracked study drug use there . "  It 's abused more than marijuana and easier to get , " he says . DeSantis ' research found that 30 % of students at the university have illegally used a stimulant , like the ADHD drugs Adderall or Ritalin . The numbers increase with upperclassmen . Half of all juniors and seniors have used the drugs , the study found , and 80 % of upperclassmen in fraternities and sororities have taken them . Adderall is an amphetamine and can be habit forming . The federal government lists it as a schedule II drug . Drugs in that category have , according to U.S. law "  the highest abuse potential and dependence profile of all drugs that have medical utility . " Dr. Raymond Kotwicki , an assistant professor in the Department of Psychiatry at Emory University 's school of medicine in Atlanta , says he worries about students who might take these drugs . "  They might produce euphoria , they might temporarily make it easier ... but in the long run there are significant problems both in terms of thinking , mood problems , maybe even functionality . " Kotwicki , who also is the medical director at the Skyland Trail mental health treatment facility in Atlanta , says drugs like Adderall can produce jitters , headaches , stomach problems or even eventually lead to psychosis , a mental disorder that includes the loss of contact with reality . Additionally , he worries about pressure on students to be perfect , saying , "  If you 're a student and you feel you are not good enough to be able to do things without the aid of external help , that 's an idea that gets reinforced that can lead to a whole bunch of different problems . " Students apparently do n't see it that way . Another telling statistic from DeSantis ' research at the University of Kentucky is how dangerous the students think these cognitive enhancing stimulants are . They say they see Adderall as slightly more dangerous than the soft drink Mountain Dew and nowhere near as dangerous as drinking beer and smoking . Taking drugs without a prescription or buying the controlled substances is illegal and students who use the drugs could face prosecution . But for students like Gabay , use of study drugs is so common they do n't see it as a problem . "  I would see how the law is there , " he says . "  I consider it kind of an unwritten rule . It 's accepted . ... It 's OK if you 're just getting it for one thing . If you 're consistently using it and not prescribed that 's crossing the line . " Some scientists say cognitive enhancement drugs should be carefully legalized and made available for this kind of use . In the journal Nature in 2008 , a commentary by five researchers said , "  We should welcome new methods of improving our brain function . " They added , "  Safe and effective cognitive enhancers will benefit both the individual and society . " Gabay says the drug works for him . "  I 'm just in a really good mood right now , " he says , leaving a university building . "  I just did great on the test . I can still feel some of the effects , but they are starting to wear off . " He aced the test and got an A in the class . It 's something Gabay has seen happen over and over since he started taking study drugs . He says he used to get Cs , but now with the help of Adderall , it 's B 's and A 's .	Researcher finds 30 % of students have illegally used ADHD drugs Adderall or Ritalin "  I 'm more driven . I do n't focus on anything else , " user says Expert says drugs like Adderall can produce jitters , headaches , stomach problems
Departures.com  -- Several years ago a houseguest visiting me in New York said , "  You 've taken me to four bars and two restaurants , and none of them have been marked . What is going on ? " It was the height of Manhattan 's speakeasy craze , and although it may have gotten  and may still be !  a little out of hand , there was something irresistible about exploring an underground New York just for New Yorkers . Departures.com : Top bath products at luxury hotels In a city that sees 48.8 million visitors each year , the best way to claim a corner of one 's own may be to hide it behind a secret phone booth , underneath a pizza stand , beyond the kitchen , on the other side of the wine cellar or in a train car . The same is true in other cities , of course , which is why digging for insider tips and word-of-mouth directions before a trip always pays off . The legwork is far more fun when the results are guaranteed . Take , for example , La Petite Cuisine  Paris . British ex-pat Rachel Khoo moved to town to train at the Cordon Bleu , and she ran this two-seat restaurant out of her 256-square-foot apartment . She served lunch just two days each week , on Wednesday and Saturday . Guests were treated to souffl , ragout or coq au vin , depending on the chef 's inclination . Khoo is closing her kitchen soon , so here are ten other word-of-mouth addresses worth investigating . Whether this list leads you to a hilltop spa in Mexico , a helicopter-access-only slope in the Canadian Rockies or a kitchen filled with Italian grandmas hell-bent on perfecting your pesto is up to you . When you 've arrived , you 'll know you 're there . Boulangerie de Croquignoles : Verbier , Switzerland Verbier is that rare place in which travelers exercise and party in equal measure . A day of off-piste skiing is n't complete without a rich raclette supper , drinking and dancing . Crowning it all is one phenomenal secret address , located just outside the town square : Boulangerie de Croquignoles . The bakers begin their morning just as weekenders are ending their night . Knock on the window and a hand will appear , bearing a hot croissant in exchange for about $ 5 . A most symbiotic relationship ! The macaroons are also worth the trip . Route des Creux 22 ; verbier.ch . Le Tunnel de la Collonge : Ambierle , France In the cheese world , affinage , or the art of aging and maturing cheese , is a whole separate genius . Fromagerie Mons , in Roanne , France , is at the top of the game , supplying perfectly aged cheese to the world 's best restaurants . Beginning in March , travelers can witness the aging process in a most alluring way , by venturing to the tiny town of Ambierle to spy the innovative aging tunnel the affineurs constructed in 2009 . The entire operation is tucked inside an abandoned railway tunnel . Filled with shelves and shelves of the finest cheeses in the world , one imagines that if Willy Wonka had had an affection for dairy , not candy , Le Tunnel de la Collonge would have been his headquarters . 42820 Ambierle ; mons-fromages . com . Tutti a Tavola : Chianti , Italy Learn to cook Italian from those that know best : mammas ! Mimma , Lele , Franca and Simonetta are the women behind Tutti a Tavola , a hidden cooking school in Tuscany .  The name translates to "  Everyone to the table . "  If you inquire , these Italians mothers might invite you to stay on their own property -- think : incredible 18th-century farmhouses -- for a two - to four-day culinary course . That includes shopping with the mammas at the market , cooking with the mammas in the kitchen and joining the mammas at the table . Best of all -- just like an American mama -- they 're pleased to visit you too . Each year they pop in to see former guests in America , Australia and beyond . Near Chianti ; tutti-a-tavola . com . Departures.com : Top 25 travel apps Happy Hummingbird : British Columbia , Canada Ditch the same ho-hum run-and-go for something a bit more adventurous with Canadian Mountain Holidays  CMH  . As the inventor of heli-skiing , they know a thing or two about secret slopes . Instructor Jean-Francois Lacombe suggests hopping a 12-minute flight from Calgary to the outfitter 's private Valemount Lodge , where another ten-minute flight will take guests to a narrow ridgetop for a run dubbed "  Happy Hummingbird . " Lacombe says , "  I love this run because of the cool landing site , great views and , of course , a great ski descent , from mountain top to the helicopter pickup at the bottom of the valley . " With its  relatively !  central location and notable amenities , Valemount Lodge tends to book months in advance . Plan ahead . Near Valemount ; canadianmountainholidays.com . Carlson 's of Fishtown : Leland , Michigan Some New Yorkers go to the Hamptons to get away from it all . Mario Batali heads to Northern Michigan . "  It takes less time for me to get here from New York than it would for me to get to Amagansett , " he told the New York Times . Batali 's choice of Midwest secret addresses for Departures is Carlson 's of Fishtown , a hole-in-the-wall so obscure that Google Maps ca n't find it . No matter . In this tiny town , any native knows where to go for smoked whitefish pt , a famed local delicacy . 205 West River St. ; lelandmi.com . Verjus : Paris , France In 2007 , American ex-pats and avid cooks Laura Adrian and Braden Perkins began hosting private dinner parties as a way to make new friends in Paris . What started as a hobby soon became a business , as their "  Hidden Kitchen " gained traction through food blogs and word of mouth . Soon it was nearly impossible to get a reservation for their ten-course meal , served two times a week in their home . On December 1 , the couple took their culinary accomplishments out of hiding and opened Verjus , a restaurant near the Jardin du Palais Royal . Hurry , this wo n't be a secret address for long ! 52 Rue de Richelieu ; verjusparis.com Spa En Vivo at Hotel Matilda : San Miguel Allende , Mexico If you have n't been to San Miguel Allende , chances are it 's on your list . The 469-year-old colonial city and artisan hub is the new must-see destination in Mexico , with two new luxury properties -- Rosewood San Miguel Allende and Hotel Matilda -- that opened just in the past year . This November , Hotel Matilda added a secret address to its features . In addition to its on-site 4,700-foot spa , it opened Spa En Vivo . This outdoor spa perched on a hilltop in the countryside allows guests to experience hand-blended apothecary treatments created from locally sourced ingredients in an environment that 's every bit as natural . Enhanced by thermal pools , bamboo-encased treatment rooms , a yoga pavilion and a contemporary interpretation of a temazcal sweat lodge , it 's so pleasant outside you may never want to go back in . Private hilltop in the countryside ; hotelmatilda.com . Departures.com : High tech travel gadgets Night Gallery : Los Angeles , California As much as we love New York 's pristine Chelsea galleries , they 're a far cry from the gritty artists ' studios in which the works are created . To narrow that gap and dig for a diamond in the rough -- and we do mean rough -- drive to L.A. 's Night Gallery . Canadian-transplant Davida Nemeroff opened the black box space in February 2010 as a safe haven for young artists and the collectors who love them . She now runs it with Mieke Marple . Need directions ? Look for an unmarked former party supply store surrounded by taco shops in a dicey eastside neighborhood from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. on Tuesday through Thursday . Sound scary ? Wait for Night Gallery 's next show at the Chateau Marmont . Their first group show at Bar Marmont opened in October 2011 to rave reviews . 204 S. Avenue 19 ; nightgallery.ca . Royal Mansour Marrakech : Marrakech , Morocco The result of King Mohammed VI 's marvelous mandate -- and budget -- to build the most beautiful example of Moroccan architecture in the world , and years of toil by more than 1,000 craftsmen , Royal Mansour Marrakech opened in June 2010 to much fanfare . The property includes 53 riads , each more opulent than the next . The winner , though , is the palace within the palace : Riad D'Honneur . Royal Mansour does not advertise , and in that sense alone , it 's a secret address . It becomes even more so when one considers the intricate tunnels and passageways that run under the hotel , obscuring the Royal Mansour 's most opulent feature of all : impeccable , invisible service . Rue Abou Abbas El Sebti ; royalmansour.com . Door 74 : Amsterdam , the Netherlands This Amsterdam stalwart speakeasy gets continued high marks for its consistently delicious cocktails , intimate booths and modern reservations system . Just call 31-0/877 -844 -980 in the morning to book a table and text the same number in the evening to confirm . Upon settling in , the menu arrives with specific instructions to further the clandestine nature of the place . Smokers are asked to walk to another bar , down the road , before lighting up -- lest they signal the secret address to passing pedestrians -- and patrons are instructed to say their farewells before exiting the bar . Reguliersdwarsstraat 74 ; door74.nl . Departures.com : World 's top vintage stores  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	These ten word-of-mouth addresses are worth investigating At the Fromagerie Mons , in Roanne , France , witness the maturing of cheese in March Carlson 's of Fishtown in northern Michigan is so obscure that Google Maps ca n't find it
CNN  -- Missouri lawmakers gave final approval to a measure that requires a woman to wait 72 hours from her initial doctor 's visit before she gets an abortion . The Republican-controlled House voted 111-39 in favor of the legislation late Wednesday . Gov. Jay Nixon , a Democrat , has not said whether he 'll sign it . If the governor signs the bill into law , it will triple the time a woman has to wait to have an abortion in the state . "  Currently , Missouri requires a 24-hour waiting period between the time a woman seeks her first consultation and exam from a physician and the time she returns to undergo an abortion procedure , " state Rep. Kevin Elmer said in a statement . Elmer , who sponsored the bill known as HB1307 , said the legislation would give the woman more time to review her decision . "  This bill is a way to give a potential mother some additional time to think about this life-altering decision , and to talk to family and friends who can help provide support during what is undoubtedly a difficult and emotional time , " Elmer said in a statement . "  This bill is really an effort to balance the rights of the mother with the rights of the unborn child . We are not denying the mother her rights , but simply asking her to give more thought before making a decision that she may later regret . " Abortion rights advocates slammed the bill , describing it as an intrusion on personal lives . "  Governor Nixon must veto this bill and stand firmly with a woman 's right to make her own private medical decisions , including the decision of whether to have an abortion , in consultation with her doctor , " said Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood Action Fund . But anti-abortion group Missouri Right to Life said the measure is long overdue . It "  will save babies and protect all women , both adults and minors , from abortion clinics seeking to make a profit on an abortion , " it said in a statement . The Missouri Senate approved the bill Tuesday in a 22-9 vote after Democrats decided to forgo a filibuster , CNN affiliate KOMU reported . If it 's signed into law , Missouri will join South Dakota and Utah , both of which have a 72-hour waiting period .	The Republican-controlled House votes 111-39 in favor of the bill Gov. Jay Nixon , a Democrat , has not said whether he 'll sign it Missouri currently has a 24-hour waiting period
CNN  -- American contractor Alan P. Gross has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for crimes against the Cuban state . Gross , 61 , was found guilty of working on a "  subversive " U.S. project intended to undermine the Cuban government by distributing illegal satellite communications equipment , according to Cubadebate , a state-run website in Cuba . The United States has said that Gross was helping the island 's small Jewish community connect to the internet . The verdict comes on the heels of last week 's two-day trial in Havana . The Cuban prosecution had been asking for a 20-year sentence . "  The Gross family is devastated by the verdict and harsh sentence announced today by the Cuban authorities , " defense attorney Peter J. Kahn said in a written statement . "  Having already served a 15-month sentence in a Cuban prison , Alan and his family have paid an enormous personal price in the long-standing political feud between Cuba and the United States . " Kahn pledged to "  continue to work with Alan 's Cuban attorney in exploring any and all options available to him , including the possibility of an appeal . " He has called for the contractor 's immediate release on humanitarian grounds . U.S. National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor quickly responded to Saturday 's ruling , saying that it "  adds another injustice to Alan Gross 's ordeal . " "  He has already spent too many days in detention and should not spend one more , " Vietor said . "  We urge the immediate release of Mr. Gross so that he can return home to his wife and family . " Gross ' wife , Judy , attended the trial with her attorney . Three U.S. officials also attended as observers . His mother has recently been diagnosed with lung cancer and their daughter is recovering from a double mastectomy . Gross has been held at the high-security Villa Marista prison after being detained at Havana 's international airport in December 2009 . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters Friday that Gross had been "  unjustly jailed for far too long . " "  He needs to be able to leave Cuba and return home , " Clinton said . "  This is a matter of great personal pain to his family and concern to the U.S. government . " His detention and subsequent sentencing have brought an apparent standstill to tentative efforts by both countries to overcome years of hostility . Gross had been working for Development Alternatives Incorporated , a Maryland-based subcontractor that received a multimillion-dollar U.S. contract for democracy-building efforts on the island nation . He had repeatedly traveled to Cuba using a tourist visa . "  We are profoundly disappointed by today 's verdict and sentence , " said DAI President and Chief Executive James Boomgard . "  Alan Gross has been accused of doing nothing more than giving peaceful people access to the internet , " Boomgard said , adding that his detention has been "  without the benefit of due process and in violation of international law . " Boomgard has asked Cuba "  in light of the critical medical situation confronting Alan and his family " to release Gross on humanitarian grounds . Last year , the topic of Gross ' imprisonment prompted one of the highest-level diplomatic exchanges between the two countries in recent years . During the U.N. General Assembly in New York , U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Arturo Valenzuela spoke with Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez in a meeting intended to "  encourage the release " of Gross . Cuba is one of a handful of places -- including Iran and Myanmar -- where the U.S. funds what it calls democracy-building initiatives without the host country 's permission .	Alan P. Gross was sentenced to 15 years in prison for crimes against the Cuban state Gross , 61 , was found guilty of working on a "  subversive " project for the U.S. government U.S. has said Gross was helping Cuba 's Jewish community connect to the internet The U.S. says the ruling "  adds another injustice to Alan Gross 's ordeal "
CNN  -- Briton Lewis Hamilton set the pace in Friday practice at the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal . After lapping the Gilles Villeneuve circuit in one minute 15.564 seconds in the morning to beat Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel , Hamiton went even quicker in the afternoon to edge out Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso . Brazilian Felipe Massa , who finished sixth at the Monaco Grand Prix after a sluggish start to the season , continued to show signs of improvement after setting the third fastest time , with Vettel in fourth and Force India 's Paul di Resta in fifth , just ahead of Mercedes ' Michael Schumacher . Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button , ended the day in the ninth after both his practice sessions were disrupted by oil leaks . "  I 'm very happy with my start to the weekend , " Hamilton told the Formula One website . "  I 'm happy that the rain held off for both sessions and happy that we got through a lot of good set-up changes . "  This is a great track to drive - it 's a place that requires 100 % commitment and where the driver can really make a difference . It magnifies the differences between drivers . " Button added : "  I 'm not too worried - the car has been working well and Lewis has been quick all day , so there 's a lot of good information for us to look at . "  I enjoy driving around this place , so we 'll be hoping for a bit more luck . " Vettel concurred with both Hamilton and Button on how enjoyable it was to race at the Gilles Villeneuve circuit . "  There are a lot of stop and starts , braking , chicanes and quick changes in direction but it 's good fun - it 's part of this track , there are bumps , so it 's wild and rough , but it 's fun . " Alonso added : "  It becomes very important to find the right reference points , especially in terms of braking points and how far one is from the walls , in order to put together both a quick lap and to drive smoothly over a long distance . "	Lewis Hamilton is fastest in Friday 's practice at the Canadian Grand Prix Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button is dogged by oil leak proble Ferrari drivers Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa in second and third "  It 's wild and rough , but it 's fun , " says Sebastian Vettel of the Gilles Villeneuve circuit
CNN  -- Miracles do happen . Like this week , when Amanda Berry , Georgina DeJesus and Michelle Knight escaped their captor after being missing for a decade . It turned out they were locked away and alive the entire time . Their fortuitous escape is like a ray of light and reminds us that sometimes good things do happen . A cry for help came out from the walls of silence , and a member of the community responded , aiding in the rescue . The selfless act of a total stranger only reinforces that the public will help when needed . But their story is unusual . Many missing persons who have been missing for a long time are still not found . We should urge all communities to play an integral part in assisting law enforcement in investigations about missing persons . We live in a world filled with powerful technology that has enabled us to communicate faster and better , yet we seem to lack the simple face-to-face meeting that must take place when searching for clues and information in any type of investigation . At-a-glance : Still missing in the U.S. . The old "  knock and tell " method remains an effective tool today . It must be used when searching for our missing persons . When you talk to someone in person , you can read them better by registering their expressions , gestures and other factors . Sometimes , those things could yield clues . This door-to-door technique can make the difference in finding someone in hours , days or years . There 's no doubt that trying to find missing persons requires a tremendous amount of work . Classifying cases as "  runaways " or "  walk-aways " does nothing to help the outcome of any given case . If anything , it could hinder and slow the process . The general public normally will not have a heightened sense of concern for those believed to have left on their own . The sense of urgency and hitting the ground running from the start could be the difference in many missing person cases . A case can be misdiagnosed upon closing ; this is when we confirm that the labeling provided a wrong direction . The word "  missing " should be enough and important ; the alert  s  system in place such as the Amber/silver provide an additional emergency notification seeking the public 's help . The myth of "  a waiting period " to report a missing person still lingers , and many families are turned away by officials and forced to begin their journey on their own without any direction or support . Due to heavy caseloads , law enforcement officials are frequently not afforded the continuous training and education that could help them in the search for a missing person . Abused but alive : Lessons from survivors All too often , information is not provided to victims suffering a missing loved one in the onset , such as where to file the report and what agencies can provide support services and help with advocacy and on-the-ground services . These are all key issues that need to be addressed as we move forward to bring home those missing in our country . Cold cases and unidentified persons need to be revisited and reopened . All cold cases need to be updated and looked at again with a keen eye on what can be done to aid in a recovery . As we rejoice in the happy ending for the three women and their families and friends , we need to be reminded that there is still much work to be done in the world of the missing . We need to remember that there are thousands of people who are still seeking resolution and waiting for answers concerning their loved one . As a community , we need to come together , take notice and become aware of what happens in our homes , neighborhoods , towns and cities . And we need to always remember that "  every missing person is somebody 's child . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Monica Caison .	Monica Caison : Three Cleveland women 's escape aided by a neighbor is uplifting Caison : Many missing persons who have been missing for a long time are not found She says the old "  knock and tell " method can make the difference in finding someone Caison : Communities can do more to assist law enforcement in investigations
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Sunday used his annual commemoration of Nowruz , the Persian New Year , to underscore his administration 's repeated argument that the Iranian government is on the wrong side of the popular , pro-democracy movement sweeping across the region . "  We all know that these movements for change are not unique to these last few months , " stated Obama in a Sunday press release . "  The same forces that swept across Tahrir Square were seen in Azadi Square in June of 2009 . " Tehran 's Azadi Square was the site of massive anti-government protests following the controversial re-election of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , for whom , opponents claimed , the contest was rigged . Pro-government paramilitary forces violently suppressed the demonstration and dozens of people were killed . Likewise , recent Iranian protests inspired by the Egyptian and Tunisian revolts have been stymied by force . "  Just as the people of the region have insisted that they have a choice in how they are governed , so do the governments of the region have a choice in their response , " Obama stated . "  So far , the Iranian government has responded by demonstrating that it cares far more about preserving its own power than respecting the rights of the Iranian people . " With the collapse of autocratic governments in Egypt and Tunisia and amid the threat pro-democracy uprisings pose to others , the Obama administration has repeatedly sought to portray Ahmadinejad 's government as a hypocritical and meaner sibling of other repressive and dictatorial Middle Eastern regimes . The U.S. has accused the Iranian government of hypocrisy for comparing the Tunisia and Cairo uprisings to Iran 's own 1979 Islamic revolution , while crushing its own protesters . In Obama 's 2011 Sunday commemoration of Nowruz , the president addressed only the Iranian people and not their government . The message was also specifically aimed at young people . "  You , the young people of Iran -- carry within you both the ancient greatness of Persian civilization , and the power to forge a country that is responsive to your aspirations , " Obama stated . "  And though times may seem dark , I want you to know that I am with you . " In 2009 , Obama told Iran 's leaders that his administration was seeking "  engagement that is honest and grounded in mutual respect . " In 2010 , the president chided the Iranian government for its violent suppression of peaceful demonstrators . "  You have refused good-faith proposals from the international community , " Obama stated in 2010 , referring to Iran 's aspirations to develop nuclear power . In his 2011 statement , Obama never strayed from referring to the Iranian government in the third person . The president excoriated the Iranian government for waging a campaign of "  intimidation and abuse , " including jailing hundreds of activists , silencing journalists , torturing women and sentencing children to death . That includes the jailing of human rights defender Nasrin Sotoudeh , filmmaker Jaffar Pahahi and journalist Abdolreza Tajik , the president said . Obama also named student Mohammad Valian , who has been sentenced to death "  for throwing three stones , " he said . "  These choices do not demonstrate strength , they show fear . For it is telling when a government is so afraid of its own citizens that it wo n't even allow them the freedom to access information or to communicate with each other , " Obama stated . "  But the future of Iran will not be shaped by fear . The future of Iran belongs to the young people -- the youth who will determine their own destiny . " Nowruz , which literally means "  new day , " marks the first day of spring and the start of the Iranian year . It is celebrated around the start of the vernal equinox . It is also considered a holiday for Zoroastrians as well as adherents of Sufism and the Baha'i faith . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Sunday also released a statement marking the Persian New Year . "  This year allows us to reflect on recent events in the Middle East . We commend the demonstration of peaceful expressions of human rights and dignity we have seen in much of the region , " Clinton stated . "  We join the world community in embracing Nowruz 's opportunities and in striving to uphold its values . "  May this new year be filled with a renewed sense of hope and a new commitment to the human rights and fundamental freedoms that are our universal birthright , " Clinton stated .	Obama tells Iranian youth , "  I am with you " in Nowruz message Nowruz is the start of the Persian new year Obama calls Iran government "  afraid of its own citizens "
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- My first memory of anything to do with a U.S. presidential election lurks in the mists of my Athenian childhood . It was a warm June evening . My mother had taken me for a walk around the ancient stadium where the first modern-era Olympics were staged in 1896 . Suddenly I saw her eyes fill with tears after hearing a newsboy screaming , at the top of his voice , that someone called Bobby Kennedy was dead . It was 1968 , a year into the dark ages of our military dictatorship . I still recall her explanation of those tears : "  He was our last chance , " she lamented . When in the months and years that followed members of my family were arrested by the secret police , when the streets of Athens caught fire following the student uprising of 1973 , when , indeed , war broke out over Cyprus in 1974 , it was not hard to imagine that our calamities must have had something to do with the fact that three well aimed bullets had kept a good man out of the White House . Jerusalem postcard : Mitt Romney walks fine line It was 1976 again when a U.S. presidential campaign snuck into my then-teenage imagination . I recall my schoolmaster 's enthusiasm for a certain Mr. Carter -- who would , in his estimation , put human rights on the map , impose an arms embargo on Turkey and , thus , reward the recently re-democratised Greece with the bargaining power it craved so as to reverse Cyprus ' occupation , and thus liberate us Greeks from the need to spend an unseemly portion of our national income on defence . While the embargo was indeed introduced , it was not long before my schoolmaster and every other Greek I knew were deeply disappointed by the president from Georgia . Looking back , every U.S. election of that past few decades incited expectations amongst my fellow Greeks that were , quite quickly , dashed -- although this was more a reflection of our unrealistic expectations than on anything that occurred in Washington . Thankfully , this pattern seems to have been broken . Today , no one I know casts a longing eye on the White House . Even though Greece is needier than it has been for a long while , Greeks are not looking to Washington , D.C. for rays of hope . Havana postcard : Should U.S. raise fist to Cuba ? If anything , Greek public opinion is wary of what might happen after the election is over , fearful that Germany and the European Central Bank may be delaying any attempt to amputate Greece from the eurozone until after the political dust has settled in the United States . My hunch is that Greeks have the impression that America no longer has either the interest or the capacity to influence our modus vivendi . They saw the contempt with which the inane European finance ministers treated Tim Geithner , the U.S. Treasury Secretary , in the fall of 2011 , when he visited them in Poland to impart advice on how to address the euro crisis . From this and other sad incidents , Greeks have surmised that the U.S. no longer holds sway over our European destiny ; at least not the way it used to . Delhi postcard : Why India longs for U.S. election Where once we would intensely study every little sign coming from Washington for clues of what might befall or grace us , now the Greek antennae are trained anxiously toward Frankfurt , Berlin and Paris . While these lines are being written , my wife and I are preparing for our move to America ; in effect , postmodern refugees from our hideous crisis . A job offer as chief economist for a video game company , and a visiting professorship at University of Texas , at Austin , plus an opportunity for my artist wife to work and exhibit in the West Coast , offered us escape pods from the misery of Greece , indeed from Europe 's inanity . As we prepare , our friends , strangers who stop me in the street , waiters in restaurants , everyone asks us about America . And most have something to say about the presidential election . The Greeks I speak to would rather Mr. Obama won . But they do not fear a Mitt Romney administration . Interestingly , they tend to think of the U.S. as a country which , powerful as it may still be , is just as impotent in the face of the forces of global recession as we are . More : Get latest updates at CNN 's Election HQ And here lies the difference from the past : Athenians exhibit a new and unexpected form of national unity when discussing the U.S. election ! Whereas in the past we were divided between Left and Right , between pro- and anti-Americans , nowadays America is being seen by almost everyone here as a kindred spirit ; a nation that understands what the Greeks , the Irish , the Portuguese etc. are going through in the hands of a German-dominated austerian Europe ; a continent that has lost its way . Greeks even seem to have developed a sophisticated feel about the divisions within the United States , between those struggling in the current recessionary climate and the notorious 1 % who have never had it so good . And they can map these divisions onto the divisions that are burgeoning in Europe between the "  core " and the ' "  periphery . " Paradoxically , it may be that the crash of 2008 simultaneously robbed America of much of its global authority and endowed my fellow Greeks with a better feel of the Americans ' struggle to keep democracy alive in troubled economic times .	Greeks believe U.S. has no sway over Europe 's economic crisis , says Varoufakis Many are worried the ECB could plan to kick Greece out of euro after U.S. election Varoufakis : Crash of 2008 robbed America of much of its global authority
A California state legislator is proposing to ban the captivity of killer whales for entertainment at SeaWorld in the wake of CNN 's controversial documentary "  Blackfish . " "  It is time that we embrace that the long-accepted practice of keeping orcas captive for human amusement must end , " state Assemblyman Richard Bloom , a Democrat from Santa Monica , said at a press conference Friday at the city 's oceanfront pier . Bloom was joined by "  Blackfish " director Gabriela Cowperthwaite , two former SeaWorld orca trainers and an animal welfare activist . "  This is about greed and this is about corporate exploitation , both of the whales and the trainers , but most importantly the whales , " said John Hargrove , a former SeaWorld orca trainer who resigned in August 2012 . A Bloom statement described the proposal as "  landmark legislation calling for comprehensive improvement to orca protection laws in California . " Currently , there are no laws prohibiting the captive display of orcas , but there are federal laws governing the care , capture and research use of the killer whales , Bloom said . The documentary , produced by Magnolia Pictures and acquired by CNN Films , recounts the 2010 death of longtime SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by a killer whale named Tilikum , a 12,000-pound bull , in Orlando , Florida . SeaWorld also offers orca shows at a third site , in San Antonio , Texas , but the California legislation would apply only to SeaWorld 's San Diego facility . The film challenges the concept of keeping killer whales for entertainment and implies Tilikum had been driven to madness by captivity . Since then , a fiery controversy has erupted . SeaWorld strongly disputes the allegations that "  Blackfish " makes and called the film grossly one-sided and the product of animal activists . On Friday , SeaWorld spokeswoman Becca Bides criticized the bill . "  The premise behind this proposed legislation is severely flawed on multiple levels , and its validity is highly questionable under the United States and California Constitutions , " Bides said in a statement . "  We trust that our leaders who are responsible for voting on this proposal will recognize the clear bias of those behind the bill . " Bides added the participants joining Bloom were well-known "  extreme animal rights activists , many of whom regularly campaign against SeaWorld and other accredited marine mammal parks and institutions . " "  Included in the group are some of the same activists that partnered with PETA in bringing the meritless claim that animals in human care should be considered slaves under the 13th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution -- a clear publicity stunt . This legislation appears to reflect the same sort of out-of-the-mainstream thinking , " Bides said in a statement . "  We engage in business practices that are responsible , sustainable and reflective of the balanced values all Americans share . " The proposed law would end performance-based entertainment for all killer whales in California , captive breeding programs and the export and import of genetic material , and the import and export of orcas within the state . Also , the proposal would retire all captive killer whales to sea pens if available and would allow retired orcas to be on display , but not perform . The bill would limit the amount of human interaction for trainer safety , according to Bloom 's fact sheet . "  Like the elephant -- the largest land mammal in captivity -- we have realized that orcas are more complex than most other marine mammals and require more space , have a more complex social structure and most importantly need their family network  pod  for a happy and healthy life , " said a fact sheet by Bloom . Currently , California has 10 captive killer whales , and seven of them were captive-born , according to Bloom . In the past 50 years , California has lost 14 orcas , 12 of which were caught in the wild , Bloom said . "  After the tragic death of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau , the public has begun to question the moral justification of keeping orcas in captivity for our general entertainment , " Bloom 's fact sheet said . "  As a state we should lead the way in ending captivity for entertainment purposes and should be ensuring our current captive population general welfare needs are taken care of , and that we end any future captivity whether it be by capture or captive breeding programs here in California . " People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said the proposed legislation "  has the potential to end the deep injustice of exhibitions of captive marine life , " said spokesman David W. Perle . "  PETA and kind people around the world have called on SeaWorld to retire these deprived orcas to a seaside sanctuary , but the park continues to defend its overt cruelty , " Perle said in a statement . One animal trainer , Grey Stafford of Arizona 's Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium , criticized the proposed law , which he said "  collapses under its own weight of inconsistencies , particularly with respect to animal welfare and future breeding . " "  We still have a lot to learn about the killer whales , " said Stafford , who used to train orcas . The killer whale shows ensure the animal and its ocean habitat remain in the public consciousness . "  I am more concerned about the welfare of all species , " Stafford said . "  Out of sight means out of mind . "	"  The premise behind this proposed legislation is severely flawed , " SeaWorld says "  Keeping orcas captive for human amusement must end , " Bloom says "  This is about greed and ... corporate exploitation , " former SeaWorld trainer says Assemblyman 's bill comes in the wake of CNN 's documentary "  Blackfish "
CNN  -- Police on the Caribbean island of Nevis said Monday a local man has been arrested and charged in the recent armed robbery of vacationing Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer . The suspect , 28-year-old Vedel Browne , turned himself in Sunday after officials declared him "  a person of interest , " and released his photo to the media , according to Sgt. Cledwyn Jeffers of the Royal St. Christopher and Nevis Police Force . Browne was formally charged with robbery Monday afternoon , said Sgt. Stephen Hector of the police force . Hector said the offense is a felony and carries a maximum sentence of 20 years upon conviction . Breyer , his wife , her sister , and another guest were in the justice 's vacation home February 9 when an intruder armed with a machete broke in and robbed the occupants of about $ 1,000 . Officials said no one was hurt in the incident . The male assailant fled the scene , according to court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg . The robbery was reported to local authorities shortly after it happened . Breyer and his family have since returned home . The justice attended a dinner last week in Washington with Vice President Joe Biden and the visiting Chinese vice president . Police officials in a news release said Browne has worked as a gardener , and Jeffers described him as a "  Rastafarian . " Law enforcement learned of his identity from informants , but it is unclear why Browne was suspected for investigation . A local law enforcement official had said the evidence indicated the incident was "  a crime of opportunity , " and that police have seen nothing so far to indicate Breyer was targeted for robbery . There was no immediate reaction to the arrest from Breyer 's office or U.S. federal law enforcement . The U.S. Marshals Service provides protection for members of the high court when they are traveling domestically , and agency spokesman Jeff Carter said last week the agency was "  aware of the incident involving Justice Breyer on the Caribbean island of Nevis and is assisting the Supreme Court Police and local law enforcement authorities with the investigation as needed . " He did not elaborate . FBI spokesman Paul Bresson said after the robbery , "  We are assisting the local police with their investigation . " Commissioner C.G. Walwyn of the Royal St. Christopher and Nevis Police Force had said , "  Our American-trained crime scene investigators and the members of our Criminal Investigators  unit  are working closely with the FBI on this case . " Breyer has had no comment on the matter . The high court resumes public sessions Tuesday , after a month-long recess . Nevis is part of the West Indies chain known as the Leeward Islands , located about 350 miles southeast of Puerto Rico . The court does not talk publicly about specific security arrangements for the justices , either when they are at home or on their frequent travels . During the court 's break , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg traveled to Egypt and Tunisia last month as part of an outreach program sponsored by the State Department , which provided her security in the volatile region . Justice Sonia Sotomayor traveled to Guam and Hawaii , and Justice Antonin Scalia gave a speech in Chicago . Attacks on members of the federal judiciary are rare , but not new . Then-Justice David Souter was assaulted by a group of young males in 2004 while jogging alone in the evening near his Washington home . Souter suffered some minor bruises and was briefly treated then released from a local hospital . Justice Byron White was attacked in July 1982 while giving a speech in Utah . That incident led to regular protection by U.S. marshals for members of the court when they travel . The 73-year-old Breyer was nominated to the high court in 1994 , and is known as one of the most active and engaging members of the court . His wife is Dr. Joanna Breyer , a renowned pediatric psychologist . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Nigel Walwyn and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Police on the island of Nevis say a man is charged with robbery in the case Justice Breyer was vacationing on the Caribbean island when he was robbed A machete-wielding assailant made off with $ 1,000 Neither Breyer , his wife nor two others with them were injured
CNN  -- The Marquez brothers Marc and Alex made motorcycling history Sunday with a double triumph in the final round of the season in Valencia . Marc , who had already wrapped up a second straight MotoGP crown , set a new record for wins in a season with his 13th , while his 18-year-old younger brother clinched the Moto3 crown . It means they are the only brothers to hold titles in the same season and it can only be a matter of time before they are direct rivals in the top echelon of the sport . Alex , who will be promoted to the Moto2 class next season , finished third in the final race , enough to hold off Australian Jack Miller , who won in Valencia , by just two points . He then watched as Marc overcame tricky conditions to round off another triumphant season on his Repsol Honda with an emphatic victory . He started from fifth on the grid after a crash in qualifying Saturday , but quickly worked his way through the field . Marquez eventually took the lead on the 11th lap and had opened up a near four-second advantage by the time he took the checkered flag from Italian legend Valentino Rossi , who clinched second in the title race . Marquez 's teammate Daniel Pedrosa took the final spot on the podium , while Andrea Dovizioso held off his Ducati teammate Cal Crutchlow for fourth . Marquez , who tied Mick Doohan 's 1997 record of 12 runs in the previous round in Malaysia , said he had been inspired by his brother 's earlier triumph . "  The truth is I am very , very happy . During the race at times I was thinking of my brother and thought I had to do well , " he admitted . The 18-round season has proved an all-Spanish affair at the top of all the categories , with Esteve Rabat having already clinched the Moto2 crown .	Marc Marquez wins season-ending MotoGP race in Valencia Sets new record of 13 victories in a season Younger brother Alex wraps up Moto3 title First brothers to hold motorcycle world titles at same time
CNN  -- There 's a fine line between success and failure in top-level sports , perhaps nowhere more so than in track and field sprint events . Tyson Gay knows how true that is . The American was a triple world champion in 2007 , but since then has seen Usain Bolt usurp him in the most spectacular way with records and titles galore . However , the difference between them is still only a few hundredths of a second . "  It 's a huge difference -- not on paper , but in the race it is . In a race , a loss is a loss and you can see it clearly . So that 's why I want to get what 's on paper a lot closer , " Gay told CNN 's Aiming for Gold show . His quickest time over the 100 meters is 9.69 seconds , set in China in 2009 . That matched Bolt 's effort in winning Olympic gold in Beijing the previous year . When they went head to head at the 2009 world championships , Gay clocked 9.71 -- good enough for second place only as the Jamaican took his title with a new record 9.58 . "  If I do my best and I do n't win then I have to be satisfied with that , " the 29-year-old Kentucky native said . "  So when I ran 9.71 , I was mad I did n't run 9.69 , but it was so close that it was almost like I could n't be mad because I knew that we worked to do what we tried to do , and I just took the loss . " Gay has only beaten Bolt once in a 100m final , in 2010 , and also had the edge in the 200m final at the 2007 worlds . But a hamstring injury suffered in the 2008 U.S. Olympic trials sent his performances into a spiral , and he did not qualify for the 100m final in Beijing . Overcoming adversity "  It was like coming off a high and going to the lowest point of my life in a span of 12 months , " he said . "  Being a champion I wanted to follow up with an Olympic medal , and after going through the trials and having the American record in the 100m dash I was feeling good , and then I pulled my hamstring in the 200m and that 's when things just changed . "  I was down trying to rehab it , trying to go through a lot of things , ups and downs , struggles mentally trying to get my mind together . "  It was very tough . I believe when you run track and field , you 're on that thin line between running too fast in practice , running too fast in meets , not having enough time to recover and so forth -- and that 's just something I had to learn to deal with over the years . " Gay insists he is in much better shape to finally achieve his dream at this year 's Olympics in London . "  I really believe that I 'm going to be healthy this year and that 's what I 'm looking forward to , " he said . "  Last year for me to run with basically one leg , I ran 9.7 . I can be a lot more dangerous , as long as I stay healthy and get a lot stronger in the weight room . " Off-track issues The Jamaican sprint team was hit by a doping scandal ahead of the 2009 world championships which saw five members -- not including Bolt -- under scrutiny , and last year their compatriot Steve Mullings was handed a lifetime ban after testing positive for a masking agent . Gay 's fellow American , former world and Olympic champion Justin Gatlin , is on the comeback trail after serving a four-year ban for steroid use . With that context , London 2012 organizers have said that this Games will be heavily scrutinized to make sure illegal doping does not occur . "  That 's one thing I respect about having the Games here in London , they do n't play no games and they were big on the anti-doping thing , " Gay said . "  There 's a possibility that they 're a little bit less forgiving than America is when it comes to that and I really respect them for that . " Family man Gay is only too aware that he is a role model for aspiring athletes -- including his daughter Trinity . "  She is not a little girl anymore and she is at the age when she understands what I 'm doing , so now I 'm at a point where I want to be involved in more of her sports , " he said . "  Last year was one of the first times going to one of her track meets and it was pretty amazing to watch her run and compete and still keep her spirits up high you when she did n't win . "  In that sense I am trying to balance my time so I can watch her career and I can finish up my career . " With that in mind , Gay is aware that London may provide his best chance to achieve his Olympic goals and leave a golden legacy . "  I really believe this is going to be one of the most exciting Olympics ever in history , and I like a challenge . I want to run with the best , run against the best ; that 's how I 've always lived , " said Gay , who has strong ideas of how he 'd like to be recalled in the history books . "  As a great runner , as a clean runner , someone who accomplished things without going the other route . Being remembered as someone who gave his all , who ran with his heart . I want to capitalize that with a medal in the Olympics -- a gold medal . "	U.S. sprinter Tyson Gay is hoping to prove a point at the 2012 London Olympics The 2007 triple world champion missed the Beijing 100 meter final after struggling with injury He is hoping to prevent Jamaica 's world record-holder Usain Bolt defending his three titles Gay says he wants to be remembered as a clean runner , "  someone who ran with his heart "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers , a CNN investigation has revealed . A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees , during a conversation that a CNN producer secretly filmed . The conversation , recorded using a mobile phone , exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships . An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing , but still more wait to try to reach Europe . CNN 's producer was introduced to a Senegalese and Malian smuggler by an intermediary in Tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a Syrian looking to bring other Syrian refugees with her onto boats to Italy . Why I fled : Migrants share their stories The smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of Tripoli near the city 's many ports , where the migrants they have already found are kept until the crossing is ready . The building could only be reached by walking down a trash-littered alleyway , and featured a series of packed rooms , separated by curtains , where dozens sat -- well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat . The smuggler explained that the "  final price " for Syrians -- often thought to be richer than their African migrant counterparts -- was $ 1,000 . He added that for each Syrian she brought with her , the producer would get a $ 100 discount . So if she brought 10 , she could travel free . He explained how the "  discount " was "  well known , " suggesting perhaps it was part of the unwritten rules that govern the trade and why so many migrants come to each boat . Any fears about the crossing were supposed to be allayed by the smuggler insisting the boats they used had new motors , and that the Senegalese pilot would have a satellite telephone and GPS to assist the crossing . He also assured CNN 's producer , when asked , that if the people became too many , they would use two boats . Pregnant women among migrants trying to cross	CNN investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring 10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach Europe
CNN  -- For the first time in over five years , a run of more than 300 competitive matches , Barcelona had less possession than the opposition . For this to happen against an also-ran in the Spanish league was some surprise , but for Gerardo Martino it was no big deal . After all , the Barca team that he took charge of in July still notched a fifth successive La Liga win , beating Rayo Vallecano 4-0 on Saturday as Pedro grabbed a hat-trick . But it does herald a change in approach for a team whose intricate style of "  Tiki-taka " passing has made it one of the most successful clubs in world football -- a success mirrored and surpassed on the international stage by Spain . The numbers were n't startlingly one-sided -- Barca had 49 % of the ball compared to the home side 's 51 % -- but it was a big drop from the stats so customary under the guidance of previous coaches Josep Guardiola and Tito Vilanova . Martino , however , is his own man -- and he is trying to put in place a "  Plan B " when in the past it looked like the reigning Spanish champion had none . "  Rayo pressed us and they made it difficult to play short passes . We had the alternative to play long and at times you have to do this in these types of matches in order reach other parts of the field , " the Argentine said . "  I really liked the team in the second half . We did n't have defensive errors and , like the match against Ajax , we improved over the course of the match . We have the capacity to score a lot of goals . " Pedro was the main beneficiary of Barca 's firepower , being set up by midweek hat-trick hero Lionel Messi , Cesc Fabregas and then Neymar to take his league tally to five this season . Fabregas wrapped it up in the 80th minute with a sumptuous strike , but keeper Victor Valdes also made a vital contribution against second-bottom Vallecano as he saved a first-half penalty soon after Pedro 's opener . "  Valdes is playing at a fantastic level and all I can do is enjoy it as his manager . He had decisive saves and he saved a penalty , " Martino said . The win put Barca top on goal difference , as Atletico Madrid also notched a fifth straight win in Saturday 's late match . Second-half goals from Raul Garcia and Diego Costa earned a 2-0 victory at Real Valladolid , putting the top two teams five points clear ahead of Sunday 's games -- when Real Madrid hosts Getafe and Villarreal travels to Celta Vigo . In Saturday 's other games , Malaga drew 0-0 at Real Sociedad and Levante came from two goals down to earn a 2-2 draw at Almeria after the home side had Cristian Fernandez sent off for two bookings in a minute . In Italy , Chievo moved out of the bottom three with a 2-1 win at home to Udinese , while struggling Sampdoria snatched a 2-2 draw at Cagliari in which three of the goals came in the final four minutes . Genoa and Livorno drew 0-0 in the other game played Saturday .	Pedro scores hat-trick as Barcelona 's 100 % La Liga run continues Cesc Fabregas also scores in Saturday 's 4-0 victory over Rayo Vallecano Struggling home team edges possession to end Barca 's long-running stat Gerardo Martino 's team top on goal difference from Atletico Madrid
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The silent , black-and-white film "  The Artist " took top honors at the Academy Awards on Sunday night , garnering five Oscars for best picture , best directing , best costume design , best original music score and best actor . Jean Dujardin , who spoke just two words in "  The Artist , " was jubilant as he accepted his best actor Oscar . "  I love your country , " the French actor said . Asked backstage how he would make a transition to American "  talkies , " he said "  I 'm not an Amerian actor , I continue in French . " His translator then said "  It 's possible if he could make another silent movie in America , he 'd like to . " See the full list of winners at the 84th Academy Awards Michel Hazanavicius beat out Martin Scorsese and Woody Allen to win his best directing Academy Award . "  I am the happiest director in the world right now , " Hazanavicius said as he accepted . Meryl Streep 's channeling of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady " earned the best actress Oscar for her . It was her third Academy Award after 17 nominations . "  When they called my name , I had this feeling I could hear half of America going ` Oh no , why her again ? Well , whatever , ' " Streep joked in her acceptance . "  The Iron Lady " was also rewarded with a best make up Oscar for the work done to convince the audience that Streep was Thatcher . Christopher Plummer became the oldest actor to win an Academy Award when he was presented the best supporting actor Oscar for his role as an aging gay man in "  Beginners . " "  You 're only two years older than me , darling , " the 82-year-old Plummer said as he looked at his Oscar trophy . "  Where have you been all my life ? " He also won the Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild award in earlier competitions . Backstage , Plummer called his Oscar "  sort of a renewal . " "  It has recharged me , " Plummer said . "  I hope I can do it for another 10 years at least . I 'm going to drop dead on the stage or on a set . we do n't retire . " Octavia Spencer cried as she accepted the best supporting actress Oscar for her portrayal of a Mississippi maid in the civil-rights-era movie "  The Help . " "  I 'm sorry , I 'm freaking out , " Spencer said as the allotted time for her acceptance speech ended . Spencer 's win was not a surprise to many Oscar watchers since she also won best supporting actress at the Golden Globes and the SAG awards . George Clooney 's pre-Oscar prep : Basketball , and a nap Martin Scorsese 's 3-D film "  Hugo , " which was up for awards in 11 categories , won five Oscars , including for best cinematography , best art direction , best sounding edit , best sound mixing and best visual effects . Woody Allen won the best original screenplay Oscar for his film about a time-traveling American writer , "  Midnight in Paris . " "  The Descendants , " a family drama starring George Clooney , won for best adapted screenplay . The Oscar for best foreign language film was awarded to Iran 's "  A Separation . " "  At this time , many Iranians all over the world are watching us and I imagine them to be very happy , " director Asghar Farhadi said as he accepted . Viola Davis : I 've really stepped into who I am The animated feature film Oscar went to "  Rango , " the story of a lizard stranded in the Mojave Desert . The best documentary feature Oscar was awarded to "  Undefeated , " the story of a high school football team that reversed its losing tradition . The Oscar for best film editing went to Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall , the editors of "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . " "  Man or Muppets , " a song written for "  The Muppets , " won the best original movie song Oscar . What made Melissa McCarthy cry on Oscars night ? "  Saving Face , " the story of a British-Pakistani plastic surgeon helps restore the faces of women scarred by acid attacks , won the best documentary short Oscar . The short live action film Oscar was given to "  The Shore , " which is about the reunion of two boyhood friends in Northern Ireland . "  The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore , " which creates a world where books are alive , won the best animated short Oscar . Billy Crystal returned to the Oscar stage to host Hollywood 's biggest night for a ninth time , opening with a comedic video that included Justin Bieber and Tom Cruise . "  I 'm here to get you the 18-to-24 demographic , " the teenage Bieber told Crystal . See what else happened live at the CNN Marquee live blog Crystal belted out a new version of his usual opening song , "  It 's a Wonderful Night for Oscar , " with lyrical references to each best picture nominee . The 84th annual Academy Awards was televised live Sunday night from the Hollywood & Highland Center , formerly Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre . The Kodak name was taken off the theater after a bankruptcy court ruling last week . Crystal jokingly referred to it as the "  beautiful Chapter 11 theater . "	NEW : "  Artist " actor Jean Dujardin wants to make more silent movies in America Meryl Streep wins her third Oscar as Margaret Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady " Best supporting actor Oscar "  recharged me , " Christopher Plummer says Billy Crystal hosts the Academy Awards for a ninth time Sunday night
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed legislation providing an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to the Pakistani government . President Obama signs the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009 in the Oval Office on Thursday . The aid guarantee comes as the Pakistani government combats a wave of attacks believed to have been orchestrated by Taliban militants and as the Obama administration works on a comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in both Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . "  This law is the tangible manifestation of broad support for Pakistan in the U.S. , " the White House said in a statement on Thursday . The act bolsters a partnership "  based on a shared commitment to improving the living conditions of the people of Pakistan through sustainable economic development , strengthening democracy and the rule of law , and combating the extremism that threatens Pakistan and the United States , " it said . On Wednesday , the heads of foreign relations panels in the House of Representatives and Senate provided a written explanation of the aid bill , a response to Pakistani complaints that the United States was meddling in its affairs . Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi joined Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and Rep. Howard Berman , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , as the U.S. lawmakers spoke to reporters . Qureshi rushed back to Washington this week to report on opposition inside the Pakistani Parliament to the five-year package of nonmilitary aid . Some Pakistani politicians said the aid bill was a U.S. attempt to micromanage Pakistan 's civilian and military affairs . "  Everyone is on the same page , " Kerry said . "  We are all clear about the intentions of the legislation . " Kerry argued the bill "  demonstrates the American people have a long-term commitment to the people of Pakistan . " Qureshi replied , "  This document , which I think is an historic document , is a step forward in our relationship . " Kerry said the explanatory statement attached to the bill emphasizes that no interference is intended with Pakistan 's civilian or military operations . The statement said the bill establishes a variety of requirements meant to ensure U.S. efficiency and compliance but places no new conditions on the Pakistani government . "  The many requirements of this report are intended as a way for Congress to assess how effectively U.S. funds are being spent , shortfalls in U.S. resources that hinder the use of such funds and steps the government of Pakistan has taken to advance our mutual interests in countering extremism and nuclear proliferation and strengthening democratic institutions , " the statement said . "  There is no intent to -LSB- establish -RSB- , and nothing in this act in any way suggests that there should be , any U.S. role in micromanaging internal Pakistani affairs , including the promotion of Pakistani military officers or the internal operations of the Pakistani military . " Berman said the statement is "  a reflection of our desire to be long-term partners with the Pakistan people . " Relations between the two governments , however , are being tested by new violence in Pakistan . On Thursday , militants launched a string of attacks that killed at least 30 Pakistani police officers and civilians , Pakistani authorities said . At least 10 attackers also died , while others were missing . Watch a rundown of the day 's violence " Interior Minister Rehman Malik said the Pakistani Taliban accepted blame for three attacks Thursday against two police training centers and the country 's Federal Investigation Agency in Lahore . About a half hour after the trio of attacks , a suicide car bomber hit a police station in the Kohat district of northwestern Pakistan , killing at least 11 people -- eight civilians and three police , said Kohat Police Chief Dilawar Bangish . A dozen people were wounded . In a fifth attack , in Peshawar , a remote control bomb exploded inside a car parked in front of an apartment building . A hospital official said an 8-year-old boy was killed , and eight people -- four women , two men and two children -- were wounded . At least 41 people were killed and 45 were wounded in a blast Monday at a security forces checkpoint in northwest Pakistan . The explosion occurred in the Shangla district in the volatile Swat Valley . The attacks show "  once again that the militants in Pakistan threaten both Pakistan and the United States , " White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton said Thursday . Obama "  has been impressed by some of the courageous actions that the Pakistani military has taken to root out some of these extremist elements , " he added . CNN 's Charley Keyes and Reza Sayah and journalist Nazar Ul Islam contributed to this report .	NEW : Aid bill signed on same day militants launch a string of attacks in Pakistan NEW : Five attacks kill at least 30 police officers and civilians , authorities say Obama "  impressed by ... courageous actions that the Pakistani military has taken " Some Pakistanis accuse U.S. of trying to meddle in Pakistan 's civilian , military affairs
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has asked his staff for detailed information about the U.S. military 's relationships with the National Football League in the wake of the scandal over how the league is handling domestic-abuse allegations against players , CNN has learned . News of the Pentagon review comes on the same day a senior Obama administration official decried recent domestic abuse episodes within the NFL and said the league needs to "  get a handle on " the situation since so many professional athletes are considered role models to younger players . The Pentagon is increasingly sensitive to any suggestion it is supporting a major sports organization that is perceived to tolerate domestic violence . "  The secretary wants to fully understand that relationship , in case he decides to make some changes to it , " a senior defense official told CNN . The military has a zero-tolerance policy in the ranks for domestic abuse , but it also has a high-profile relationship with the NFL that goes back decades . Any Pentagon action to cut back support for the NFL would be the most direct involvement by the Obama administration yet in the scandal . Millions at stake The Army alone spends some $ 10 million a year buying advertising from television networks broadcasting NFL games . Games are also broadcast by the Armed Forces Network to troops deployed overseas . Military support for the NFL games includes : providing ceremonial units at games for colors ceremonies ; military personnel singing the national anthem , and other units providing drill teams or flyovers . Military personnel , including wounded warriors , often appear at NFL events honoring those who serve . The Army and the NFL also have a agreement to share information and resources to better understand traumatic brain injury , which is a major medical issue both for wounded troops and football players . They are working together on awareness of TBI as well as research into treatment . The military has been sharing some of the lessons learned on TBI from the last 13 years of war , specifically . Another program , NFL Play 60 , has seen players visit military bases to encourage children to be more active as least 60 minutes a day to help prevent childhood obesity . It is clear the White House is also closely monitoring the NFL controversy , with one senior administration official calling recent abuse allegations "  deeply troubling " and stressing the league 's obligation to "  get  control of the situation . " "  Many of these professional athletes are marketed as role models to young people , " the official said . "  So their behavior does have the potential to influence these young people . So that 's one of the many reasons it 's important the league gets a handle on this and have zero tolerance . " Four NFL players made headlines this week over allegations of abuse : -- Jonathan Dwyer , 25 , a running back for the Arizona Cardinals , was released on bond Thursday after his arrest on charges he assaulted his wife and their toddler son . -- Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings and Greg Hardy of the Carolina Panthers took paid leave this week from their teams to focus on their legal cases . Peterson , a running back and one of the league 's premier players , has been charged in Texas with child abuse on allegations he injured his 4-year-old son this summer . Peterson 's attorney said the "  charged conduct involves using a switch to spank his son . " Hardy , a star defensive end , has been convicted of misdemeanor assault charges in North Carolina and has been granted the opportunity to have a new trial , this time in front of a jury . -- The NFL Players Association on Tuesday filed an appeal on behalf of former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice , whom the NFL suspended indefinitely after a security video emerged that shows him knocking his then-fianc  e unconscious in a hotel elevator in February .	Defense secretary has asked staff for info about military 's relationships with the NFL A senior administration official said the league needs to "  get a handle on " the situation Millions of dollars and years of a close relationship are at stake
Budget Travel  -- Airport security is a traveler 's rite of passage : the long lines , the ID check , the shuffling of personal items . Get through security faster with these easy strategies . To move through security quickly , wear slip-on shoes , minimal jewelry and no belt . Pack like you 're making lasagna  no , seriously !  You probably do n't want a security official inspecting your carry-on bag by hand . Time-consuming inspections usually only happen when an X-ray machine operator ca n't identify items . Avoid this hassle by packing in a way that keeps your curling iron , hair dryer , and other hard-plastic or dense items separate in your bag , instead of allowing them to get tangled in a pile -- and look suspiciously like a bomb or a weapon on an X-ray scan . Layer your electronics and toiletries in between your clothes like you 're spreading ricotta cheese in between strips of pasta to prepare lasagna . Put heavy clothes on top to act as a weight and secure loose items . Remember the 3-1-1 rule If you plan to go carry-on only , any liquid should be kept in a 3.4-ounce bottle or smaller . You 're only allowed as many bottles as can fit in one quart-size , clear ziplock bag . Find bottles in your local drugstore 's travel or $ 1 section , or online . Buying products packaged in small amounts can be expensive : We recently found face wash in a two-ounce bottle for for $ 9 , shaving cream for about $ 6 , and contact lens solution for $ 10.50 . By transferring your liquids from standard-size bottles into TSA-friendly containers , like these squishy bottles from humangear.com , you should save a lot of money . Dress for success Slip-on shoes  preferably with socks ; think of the dirty feet that have been on that linoleum  , minimal jewelry and no belt is the standard uniform for moving through security fast . If you insist on wearing jewelry and a watch on the plane , take them off and slip them into a pocket in your carry-on before you enter the security cordon . Use flight-ready toiletries Keep your travel bag stocked with "  flight ready " items that do n't break the TSA 's liquid rules , such as solid perfume , and lip balm instead of lip gloss . Buy a TSA-approved laptop bag The TSA allows laptops to go through the X-ray in checkpoint-friendly laptop bags , like a simple $ 20 Skooba Skin . The most common and cheapest is a laptop sleeve . Consumer Reports recommends a few here . Laptops are also among the most-forgotten items at security , so label yours with a business card or ID tag . Keep an eye peeled for new security programs Fifty airports  including Boston , Chicago , and Seattle  have security lines split among Expert , Casual , and Family travelers . Look for the signs and hit the line that 's right for you -- we suggest Expert now that you 've read our tips . Also , remember that 18 airports and five airlines are currently participating in the Paperless Boarding Pass pilot program . If the program covers your flight , you can go straight to the security checkpoint and use your cell phone as a boarding pass . Read about it on our blog . It 's showtime Once you 've presented your ID and boarding pass , get moving . Find the shortest line -- look especially for lines toward your left because studies show that Americans are more likely to turn right than left when entering a building , so lines on the left will tend to be shorter . Grab two bins . The TSA is asking travelers to put shoes directly on the X-ray belt , so do that first . Pull out your quart-size bag of liquids and small electronics  like an iPhone  and lay them on top of your jacket . In the second bin , put your laptop  or , if you 've got just got one bag or purse , use this bin for that  . After successfully passing through the metal detector  because we know you will  , grab your shoes and slip them on , then snag your other belongings and slip them back in your bag . Look around quickly for anything that may have come loose , and then exit the security area to keep the line moving . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Keep electronics and toiletries tidy by layering them between clothes Transfer liquids from standard-size bottles into TSA-friendly containers Lines on the left tend to be shorter than the right
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Brandon Boyd blends into his Venice , California , neighborhood like any other resident . Brandon Boyd , front man for Incubus , is going on the road with the band in July . He surfs . Shuns Starbucks in favor of the local smoothie shop . Walks his French bulldog , Bruce . Oh , he also paints and makes music with his multiplatinum rock band , Incubus . The quintet hits the road on a North American summer tour in July , and just released a greatest hits collection called "  Monuments and Melodies . " The packaging features artwork by Boyd , who held his first solo art exhibit at Mr. Musichead Rock Art Gallery in Los Angeles last fall . The showroom is on the Sunset Strip , a stone 's throw from the clubs that were host to Incubus ' first gigs . The most spectacular paintings are large , fantasy-inspired pieces drenched in burgundy or aqua . Usually , the artwork springs to life in a corner of the singer 's kitchen , where an easel permanently resides . It 's a zen-like space , with high ceilings , glossy concrete floors and warm , burnished wood . But instead of the requisite Buddha statue , there 's a rubber rabbit 's head for inspiration . The muse seems ironic and appropriate , especially since Boyd swears his home was a brothel back in the 1900s . CNN talked to Boyd about collaboration , the fulfillment of art and finding the perfect wave . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Is n't it ironic that you had your first solo art show before your first solo album ? Brandon Boyd : I 've actually thought very little about solo work up until just very recently . Most of it is because in my band , Incubus , it is very much a collaborative effort . I do what I do in the band , and everyone plays their respective parts , but in the end , we are sort of a democratic process . We meet in the middle for a lot of the songs , and I think that 's why we sound the way we do -- because it 's sort of five minds meeting in the middle . With my art thing , it 's completely self-indulgent . Watch the singer discuss his art " CNN : So what does art fulfill in you that you do n't get out of music ? Boyd : To me , it 's like the difference between a pen and a paintbrush . Music draws from almost the identical place as art does , which really is that intangible -- it 's like you 're pulling from the ether . I do n't know where it comes from . Nobody really does . It sort of arrives when it wants to . ... I 've been painting and drawing and taking pictures as long as I 've been writing music -- and I 've actually been drawing longer than I 've been writing music . I did n't go around looking for it . It kind of found me . CNN : Your parents always encouraged you to explore your artistic side . Boyd : My parents are wonderful , and I 'm really lucky -- but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person . She goes completely on her feelings of things , on her intuition , and so she instilled that in my brothers and I. And she also instilled in us from a very young age the importance of visualization -- visualization as a tool towards manifestation in your life . And so , from a very young age , if I did n't feel well , she 's like , "  Well , draw what 's happening and draw a solution . " If I had a stomach ache , I would draw a picture of my stomach , and I would draw what I thought the bad germs looked like -- and , you know , they had little robber masks on and stuff . And then I would draw a good germ , and of course it had a cape , and some tights , and he had a washcloth in his hands , and he could fly around and clean up the bad germs . And for some reason , I would always feel better afterwards . CNN : Did you ever visualize and draw what you wanted to achieve in terms of your music career , too ? Boyd : Sometimes , yeah . But the guys in the band -- we kind of grew up together , and when they were like , "  We want to play music , let 's start a band . You should be the singer , " I was like , "  OK . " I 'd never written anything before , I had never even really sang , but they knew that I knew how to draw , so it seemed logical that maybe I could write lyrics or carry a tune . So I always just sort of visualize lines , I would visualize a melody , and then sound it out to them , and they would help me sort of guide it through the instruments . And eventually , I got good enough at it that I was able to do it completely on my own . CNN : When you finish a painting , is it very much like finishing a song or finishing an album ? Boyd : Yeah , there is definitely a sense of accomplishment . Very rarely is there any confusion as to when a painting or a song is finished . You just know when it 's done . Someone wise once said when they were asked the question , "  How do you know when you 're done with a painting ? " And they said , "  How do you know when you 're done making love ? " I always thought that was a great analogy . CNN : Did you ever think , "  I need a fall-back job , like being an accountant , or a lawyer , or someone who works for IBM ? " Boyd : I feel very blessed , but no . I knew from a very young age that these were the things that I was supposed to do , and I actually made some very adult decisions when I was a teenager based on the knowledge that this is what I was going to do . There was really no question about it . CNN : What else do you want to do ? Boyd : Painting and art are obviously in my focus , but I dream about getting a really big tube at the Bonsai Pipeline sometime in the near future .	Incubus ' Brandon Boyd has been indulging in a love of painting Band has new greatest hits album out , will hit the road in July "  These were the things I was supposed to do , " says Boyd
CNN  -- Aziz Ansari 's never pulls punches in his stand-up , but there is a joke in his new comedy special that really pushes the envelope  forget worrying about a spoiler ; we could n't tell it here if we wanted to  . Let 's just say it involves child molestation , and the audience loves it . The "  Parks and Recreation " star said he does n't worry about getting caught on the wrong side of the politically correct crew as has happened to some comedians . "  I think you have to take that all case by case to see if it makes sense , " he said . His new special , "  Aziz Ansari : Buried Alive , " will debut on November 1 on Netflix . The comic is known for being innovative in getting his comedy to fans and said the online streaming service made sense to him . "  I think people now just like to watch stuff , whatever they want and watching whenever , " he said during a conference call about his new project . "  I 've done every kind of method , like releasing my stuff for $ 5 . " One clip from the special that has been making the rounds on YouTube features Ansari poking fun at the institution of marriage and family , life events a few of the 30-year-old 's friends are experiencing now . "  I write stand-up about whatever is kind of going on in my life , whatever is in my head , " he said . "  And I ended up writing the special mostly about that . " Ansari prowls the stage at the Merriam Theater in Philadelphia , where the special was filmed , dressed in a suit with a flower on his lapel . His jokes cover a lot of ground , from the aforementioned pedophilia to marriage equality . On the controversy surrounding the Chick-fil-A boycott , he said it was a bit of a conundrum : "  Obviously I 'm very pro gay marriage , but I 'm also very pro delicious chicken sandwich . " Ansari also takes on those in his generation and how different they are from those of past generations , who , to Ansari , seem more elegant . "  If those generations could be a font , they would be Times New Roman , " he said . "  I look at my generation , we 're f *** ing Comic Sans ! You ca n't take us seriously , we 're Comic Sans ! " Yes , he 's getting older , but Ansari said he does n't miss being in his 20s , other than "  being able to say you 're in your 20s . " Ansari , who started doing standup while a student at New York University , said today 's aspiring comics should focus on their material . "  Young comedians  are like , ` Oh , I got to start making videos and I got to maintain a Twitter thread on this site , ' " he said . "  I think that is probably doing more harm than good , because all I really cared about was being really good at stand-up . " And while he is aware that his TV show , "  Parks and Recreation , " has some rabid fans , he said he thinks his stand-up fans are n't necessarily there because he 's on the NBC comedy . "  Whenever I do stand-up , I feel like those are people that know my stand-up , " he said . "  There might be some overlap with ` Parks ' fans , but when I did my first theater tour , if I mentioned my cousin Harris or something , everyone would respond , so I think that means that they 've seen the stand-up . I do n't feel there are many people that are seeing ` Parks ' and then they 're like , ` Oh , let me spend X amount of dollars to see this guy do stand-up . Maybe he 's funny . ' "	Ansari 's new special will stream on Netflix He 's released his material via different methods Ansari says fans come for his comedy , not because he 's on a hit show
CNN  -- Remember "  Bowling for Columbine " ? The anti-gun documentary that attempted to politicize the tragic school shooting at Columbine , Colorado , was wildly successful , both critically and commercially , and even won its writer/director , Michael Moore , an Oscar . But while the film was certainly entertaining , and may have even got some folks thinking about gun violence , it did little to move the needle on its presumptive goal : curbing gun ownership and weakening the National Rifle Association . That 's because gun owners and the powerful lobby that represents them do n't care what Hollywood thinks of them , a lesson producer Harvey Weinstein will learn soon . Weinstein "  reluctantly " told Howard Stern that he 's planning a movie that will make the NRA "  wish they were n't alive . " On Friday night , in an exclusive interview pre-taped with Piers Morgan , he says that none other than Meryl Streep will star as an anti-gun senator . For so many reasons , Weinstein deserves a good , hard reality check . For one , there 's the obvious and almost comical hypocrisy . Weinstein 's profited immensely from portraying graphic gun violence in films such as "  Kill Bill " and "  Pulp Fiction . " His sudden attack of social conscience is astounding and curiously timed . In the same Morgan interview , he says he 'll stop making movies that glamorize guns . But according to Internet Movie Database , "  Kill Bill Vol . 3 " and "  Sin City : A Dame to Kill For " are in the works . Maybe he means starting ... now . For another thing , overtly ideological films -- think "  Rendition " and "  Lions for Lambs " -- bomb at the box office . Theatergoers do n't want to be lectured by Hollywood for two hours on what they think is wrong with the country . Opinion : When will America wake up to gun violence ? If we 're to assume Weinstein is motivated by a deep concern about gun violence  and not sheer arrogance  , then it 's also worth pointing out that he 's got the wrong target . The NRA represents law-abiding gun owners , not criminals . A gangbanger in Chicago does n't care about the NRA , is n't motivated or supported by the NRA , and may not even know what the NRA is . In vowing to take down this powerful organization supported by millions of law-abiding citizens , Weinstein will simply end up empowering and emboldening it . And lastly , the effort most certainly wo n't rid the country of guns  a goal he 's admitted to having , unless there 's another Holocaust in which case he very much wants a gun , or something . Back to Michael Moore . The National Shooting Sports Foundation , a trade association for the U.S. firearms industry , calculates that from 2002 , the year "  Bowling for Columbine " came out , to 2011 , there 's been a 54.1 % rise in the number of federal background checks , one way of measuring an increase in gun sales . And remember , that movie was actually successful . Proving the nation 's gun owners not only do n't care about Hollywood 's dictates but Washington 's either , in the year since the tragic Newtown , Connecticut , shooting -- and despite significant efforts from the Obama administration and other Democrats to push increased gun control , gun sales are up 8 % . Weinstein may find this lamentable and even reprehensible . He 's entitled to his opinion . And he 's also entitled to spend Hollywood money on a movie in which Meryl Streep is paid to rail against a constitutionally protected right and a robust and defensive American community . But I promise , every penny he makes will be multiplied manyfold in NRA contributions . Good luck , Harvey . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of SE Cupp .	SE Cupp : "  Bowling for Columbine " was successful film but did n't slow guns ' spread Harvey Weinstein is planning anti-NRA film , but she says mogul needs reality check She says his films show plenty of gun violence and law-abiding NRA members wrongly target Cupp : Films lecturing on guns do n't work and gun ownership has surged since Moore film
CNN  -- Massive flooding that has swept through Queensland , Australia , and claimed at least one life will likely force the evacuation of at least 1,000 people and close a regional airport for weeks , an emergency agency said Sunday . The flooding has directly impacted about 200,000 people , according to Emergency Management Queensland , and has affected an area roughly the size of the entire state of New South Wales . Rockhampton , Queensland , is the worst-hit major population center , the agency said . On Sunday , a spokesman for the agency said floodwater is receding in certain areas but is also flooding local towns as is recedes . He said electricity has been intentionally cut in areas of Queensland -- including parts of Rockhampton -- that have been inundated by flooding . Rockhampton 's regional airport closed Saturday afternoon and is expected to remain closed for the coming weeks , Emergency Management Queensland said Sunday . Meanwhile , other modes of transportation in the area were essentially reduced to boat travel , as all roads , major highways and the railway leading in and out of the city were flooded . A 41-year-old Queensland woman is the first confirmed fatality of the flooding . The woman , whose name was not released , was traveling with eight family members from Mount Isa to Burketown when the family 's vehicles were overrun by flood waters in the town of Floraville , Emergency Management Queensland said . After an air-and-boat search that lasted more than 12 hours , the woman 's body was recovered around 10 a.m. Sunday , about 2 kilometers  1.2 miles  from the causeway where she had disappeared , the agency said . All other members of the family were rescued safely . Towns across the northeastern state have been flooded since monsoon rains about a week ago caused rivers to spill their banks and reach record levels . Prime Minister Julia Gillard toured the devastation on Friday and said the flooding in Queensland will cost "  hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars . " Gillard traveled with Queensland Premier Anna Bligh through the sugar-producing town of Bundaberg , where flood waters reached 7.92 meters  26 feet  Thursday . Emergency Management Queensland said about 1,000 people are expected to be evacuated from their homes in the coming days . The agency said some residents were able to leave on their own and move to higher ground before the severe flooding , heeding warnings from authorities . CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	NEW : Electricity is intentionally cut in parts of Queensland Emergency agency : 200,000 people are directly impacted by flooding Rockhampton , Queensland , is the worst-hit major population center Prime minister : Flooding will cost "  hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars "
CNN  -- A Kansas jury deliberated just 37 minutes before convicting an anti-abortion activist of first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of an abortion provider . The jury found Scott Roeder , 51 , guilty of gunning down Dr. George Tiller , who operated a clinic in Wichita where late-term abortions were performed . Roeder , 51 , faces life in prison when he is sentenced on March 9 . Tiller 's family said the jury reached a "  just " verdict . "  At this time we hope that George can be remembered for his legacy of service to women , the help he provided for those who needed it and the love and happiness he provided us as a husband , father and grandfather , " the family said in a written statement . A day earlier , Roeder told jurors he had shot Tiller in the foyer of Reformation Lutheran Church as Sunday services began . Testifying as his only defense witness , he said he believed he had to kill Tiller to save lives . He said he had no regrets . "  There was nothing being done , and the legal process had been exhausted , and these babies were dying every day , " Roeder said . "  I felt that if someone did not do something , he was going to continue . " "  His testimony was delivered very matter-of-factly , but its contents were chillingly horrific , " prosecutor Ann Swengel said in her closing argument . "  He carried out a planned assassination , and there can be no other verdict in this case ... other than guilty . " Quick verdict surprised prosecutor Prosecutors initially fought to keep abortion out of the trial , claiming that Tiller 's death was a straightforward case of premeditated murder . Eventually , the abortion issue took center stage as prosecutors portrayed Tiller as a target of Roeder 's anti-abortion agenda , and defense lawyers attempted to mitigate his culpability under the theory that he believed Tiller 's death was justified to save the lives of others . Defense attorney Mark Rudy told jurors in his closing argument that Roeder "  thought that the babies kept on dying " and he had to stop Tiller from "  killing more babies . " Another defense attorney , Steve Osburn , said Roeder was "  disappointed , " with the verdict . But he added , "  He 's known that this day was going to come , I think . " Osburn said his client "  feels remorse toward the family , but not for what he did . " The trial drew activists from both sides of the abortion debate to the courtroom , and a van plastered with slogans and photographs of fetuses was parked in a prominent spot in front of the courthouse . Among the attendees were the Rev. Michael Bray , whose history in the anti-abortion movement includes 1985 conspiracy convictions in connection with a string of clinic bombings , and Katherine Spillar , executive vice president of the Feminist Majority Foundation . Congregants from Reformation Lutheran testified that they had seen Roeder at church several times before the day he killed Tiller by shooting him at point-blank range in the head . Jurors heard emotional testimony from church-goers who rushed to Tiller 's side and attempted to administer mouth-to-mouth resuscitation as he lay in a pool of blood . Others , meanwhile , followed Roeder into the church parking lot , where he threatened to shoot them . Roeder also was convicted of aggravated assault in connection with threats he made to two ushers , Gary Hoepner and Keith Martin . As Roeder pulled away in his car , Martin testified , something moved him to throw the coffee cup he was holding at the vehicle . "  Frustration , I guess , lack of accomplishment , nothing else to do . " Prosecutors also called employees of the pawn shop where Roeder purchased the .22 - caliber Taurus pistol believed to have been used to shoot Tiller . The gun was never found , but surveillance video and receipts showed that he purchased the gun on May 18 and received it on May 23 , the week before he shot Tiller . Roeder 's defense team did not dispute much of the factual evidence . Roeder testified that he chose to target Tiller at church because it presented the best "  window of opportunity " to attack Tiller , who traveled in an armored vehicle and whose clinic was a "  fortress . " He admitted bringing the pistol with him to Lutheran Reformation on May 24 with the intention of shooting Tiller , but the physician did not attend services that day . So , Roeder testified , he returned the following week . "  Do you feel as though you 've successfully completed your mission ? " Sedgwick County District Attorney Nola Foulston asked Roeder on Thursday . "  He 's been stopped , " Roeder answered . His testimony was intended just as much for the jury as it was to convince Judge Warren Wilbert that evidence existed to support a possible conviction of voluntary manslaughter . A conviction on the lesser offense , which is defined as "  an unreasonable but honest belief that circumstances existed that justified deadly force , " would have set Roeder free from prison after five years . Earlier in the trial , Wilbert said he would rule after hearing evidence in the case , acknowledging that he felt the defense faced "  an uphill battle . " Ultimately , he rejected the theory , saying testimony did not support the defense claim that Roeder 's beliefs justified using deadly force against Tiller . "  There is no imminence of danger on a Sunday morning in the back of a church , let alone any unlawful conduct , given that what Tiller did at his clinic Monday through Friday is lawful in Kansas , " the judge said . In Session 's Lena Jakobsson and CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story .	Scott Roeder convicted of first-degree murder Jury reaches verdict after about 40 minutes of deliberation Roeder testified he does not regret killing Dr. George Tiller Tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in Wichita , Kansas
Corolla , North Carolina  CNN  -- Ray Midgett hunts the Corolla beaches on the Outer Banks of North Carolina almost every day . "  Beachcombing , or metal detecting , or relic hunting is in my blood , " said Midgett , a retired government worker who hits the sand between October and April . "  There are so many shipwrecks up here , it 's just beautiful . " Midgett drives his pickup truck right onto the beach using the access road near the Currituck Beach Lighthouse . With a metal detector and shovel in tow , he 's uncovered everything from antique coins to wedding rings . Yet his biggest discovery came in December when he located the remains of a historic shipwreck . The wreckage , hidden under the sand for centuries , became fully exposed after a winter of brutal Nor'easter s , making it the oldest shipwreck found off the coast of North Carolina . But historians had to act fast to recover the ship , according to Meghan Agresto , site manager of the Currituck Beach Lighthouse . "  This winter , it just got smacked . After awhile the ocean was going to take it back , " Agresto said . "  The fact that we got it off the beach makes us excited because we got to save it . " Midgett and other beachcombers had discovered a number of relics near the shipwreck 's beach grave site , including coins believed to be from the reign of Louis XIII in France and Charles I in England , lead bale seals used for identification , and spoons dating to the mid-1600s . Midgett said he feels a personal connection to the discovery . "  This shipwreck is a part of me , and some of the other hunters , too , that have been hunting around it for years , " Midgett said . "  I 'm just so glad that they decided to save it . " The rough currents and shallow sand bars off North Carolina 's Outer Banks have destroyed thousands of ships in what is sometimes called the "  Graveyard of the Atlantic . " However , it is rare to find the remains of a shipwreck -- particularly a wooden vessel -- intact . Throughout winter , the Corolla beach shipwreck would repeatedly get uncovered and covered again . The waves would also move it along the coastline , causing damage . "  I 'm glad we got to it when we did . ... It may have covered back up and survived another summer , " Midgett said . "  But next winter it would have been the same thing over and it eventually would have gone to pieces . " Midgett , who used to work as a government auditor , wanted to make sure his discovery was salvaged , so he personally lobbied North Carolina state Sen. Marc Basnight . After numerous phone calls and e-mails appealing to Basnight , a beach lover himself , he was successful . In April , volunteers from the Wildlife Resources Commission , Underwater Archaeology Branch , the Corolla Fire Department and area residents helped free the wreck from the sand and tow it near the lighthouse . Archaeologists originally thought the wreck could be the HMS Swift , a British Navy ship from the late 18th century that originally ran around in the southern Chesapeake Bay off Virginia 's coast . The HMS Swift drifted to the Outer Banks , where it was looted once it hit shore , then disabled by the looters so it would n't resurface . After further examination of the ship 's 12-ton skeleton -- complete with wooden peg fasteners -- archaeologists determined that it was not the HMS Swift , but most likely a merchant 's ship dating to the mid - to late-1600s . That makes it the oldest shipwreck found along the state 's coast . "  History is the one thing we have that has a reasonable amount of certainty attached to it , " said Joseph Schwarzer , director of North Carolina Maritime Museums . "  It tells us where we 've been , it tells us what 's happening , and it 's a directional sign for where you need to go next . " Before the Corolla Beach discovery , the oldest shipwreck found along the state 's coast was Queen Anne 's Revenge , the presumed flagship of Blackbeard the pirate said to have run aground in 1718 , according to the North Carolina Maritime Museums . The remains of the Corolla Beach wreck and some of its artifacts will be moved to the Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum on Hatteras Island , North Carolina . Midgett and the other beachcombers are entitled to keep the coins and other artifacts found near the ship they discovered . "  It 's very exciting to find something from this time period , " said Richard Lawrence , director of the North Carolina Underwater Archaeology Branch for the Department of Cultural Resources . "  And amazingly we found it in this beach environment . It appears this wreck has been sitting here for 350 years almost undisturbed until this winter . " Lawrence said the discovery would never have happened without Midgett . "  Ray Midgett was probably more responsible than anybody to get this wreck off the beach , " Lawrence said . "  He created enough of a stir to get various organizations involved . "  Thankfully , Ray and his colleagues collected various artifacts that would have otherwise not survived . "	Ray Midgett finds shipwreck while on his regular beachcombing route He and other beachcombers had found numerous coins and other items from the wreck Winter storms uncovered the wreck , but historians feared it would be re-covered Midgett lobbies a state senator to get wreck removed so it could be studied and preserved
CNN  -- A Massachusetts mom said police went too far when they paid her and her 5-year-old daughter a visit for failing to return their library books on time . "  She 's 5 ; she did n't understand , " said Shannon Benoit of her daughter , Hailey . Police said Tuesday that an officer showed up last week at the Benoit 's home in the town of Charlton to inform the family that the books were long overdue . Hailey -- who was standing beside her mom when the officer arrived -- then burst into tears . ` Is that policeman going to arrest me ? ' " Benoit quoted her daughter to CNN affiliate WBZ-TV . "  I was scared , " added Hailey . The books , titled "  How To Tie My Shoes " and "  Eloise 's Birthday , " had been sitting on Hailey 's bookshelf since April . But a Charlton Public Library spokeswoman said that it was n't just Hailey 's overdue books that prompted the police intervention . She also noted $ 100 worth of late fees for overdue audio books checked out by Hailey 's father , Tony Benoit . "  I asked the chief ... ` When does something borrowed become stolen ? " said Cheryl Hansen . " ` The chief said , ` When it 's overdue ! " " Hansen said that despite a warning letter and library calls made to the family , the books had remained unreturned . "  We thought this would be a kinder way , a friendly reminder saying ` Hey can you bring this back , ' rather than sending a summons , " she added . Police Chief James A. Pervier said his officers have been asked by library personnel to make similar visits to at least 13 other Charlton households over library late fees . Officials say the police-backed crackdown has since inspired more prompt book returns among library patrons . "  We 've gotten quite a bit back , " said Hansen . "  Even some things that were n't overdue ! " Benoit told CNN that she has since returned the overdue books , making the return trip to the library shortly after the officer 's visit .	Police stop by family 's house to tell them to return their daughter 's overdue library books Hailey Benoit , who was standing beside her mom when the officer arrived , burst into tears Charlton Public Library is cracking down on late fees , a spokeswoman said The books , which included $ 100 in late fees , have since been returned
CNN  -- Former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords completed an 11-mile cycling event Saturday , marking another milestone in her recovery from a 2011 mass shooting . She was greeted with cheers and applause at the finish line . Alongside her husband , former astronaut Mark Kelly , Giffords crossed the finish line of El Tour de Tucson riding a recumbent bike , which has three wheels and puts the rider in a reclining position . Organizers say some 9,000 people participate in the annual ride , which they call America 's largest perimeter cycling event for cyclists of all ages and abilities Giffords was an avid cyclist and athlete until she was critically injured by a gunshot wound to her head . In January 2011 , Jared Lee Loughner opened fire at a Giffords meet-and-greet outside a Tucson supermarket , killing six people and injuring 17 others . Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Giffords ' injuries forced her to resign from Congress . Earlier this year , she threw out the first pitch at the congressional women 's softball game in Washington -- a game she used to play in . Kelly said his wife has been practicing for the Tucson ride and also uses a treadmill and rowing machine . "  It 's important to stay active , and she wants to do everything she used to do before , " Kelly told CNN affiliate KGUN . Giffords gets most of her pedaling power from her left leg , Kelly said , which "  makes it a little more difficult , but she 's been working really hard at it . " Giffords and Kelly rode the 11-mile Fun Run around downtown Tucson on Saturday . As for next year , Kelly says , "  it 's one step at a time . I think she said next year -- and I 'm not holding her to this -- but next year she wanted to do the 40-mile . " A life forever changed : Giffords ' comeback	Cheers and applause greet Giffords as she crosses the finish line Bike ride marks another milestone in her recovery from 2011 shooting injuries Giffords ' husband , former astronaut Mark Kelly , joins her in El Tour de Tucson ride "  She wants to do everything she used to do before , " Kelly says
CNN  -- "  Boarding for Harvey Milk San Francisco International Airport . " Civil rights activist Stuart Milk can imagine the impact of that airport announcement on the scared young people he 's met in the United Arab Emirates and other countries around the world , where gay people live in fear for their lives . Stuart Milk 's uncle Harvey Milk , a San Francisco supervisor , was one of the first openly gay politicians in the United States when he and San Francisco Mayor George Moscone were killed by former supervisor Dan White at City Hall in 1978 . "  San Francisco has 9 million international passengers and about 40 million passengers total passing through annually , and  this name change  sends an important message of societal change , " said Stuart Milk , co-founder of the Harvey Milk Foundation . The name change could become a reality if a San Francisco lawmaker has his way . David Campos , an openly gay Latino member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors , plans to introduce legislation Tuesday to make naming the city 's airport after Milk possible . The supervisor sees the likelihood of U.S. Supreme Court rulings later this year on cases getting at "  the core of whether or not members of the LGBT community will have equal treatment under the law " as a prime time to initiate the tribute to Milk . "  It 's appropriate for San Francisco at this time to recognize that members of the LGBT community are equal members of our society and to recognize the work of this hero . It sends a clear message of hope and civil rights , not just here but abroad , " Campos said . Campos needs the support of six of the 11 Board of Supervisors members to get his charter amendment placed on the November ballot . Veteran political consultant Alex Clemens expects Campos to get those six votes and predicts a spirited debate leading up to the November election . "  Renaming our airport would provoke an international conversation , as some of the places in the world that are less evolved on LGBT issues would suddenly have ` Harvey Milk ' as part of their daily -- or hourly ! -- conversation patterns , " Clemens wrote in an e-mail . "  And , of course , flights between Harvey Milk International Airport and Reagan National Airport would be joyous for those travelers who prefer their flights laden with as much irony as possible . " The introduction of this amendment by Campos puts San Francisco back in the spotlight "  as a beacon of hope " throughout the United States and the world , said Stuart Milk .	Activists hope to hear slain politician Harvey Milk 's name at airports around the world Milk was one of the first openly gay politicians in the United States A lawmaker plans to introduce legislation to rename San Francisco 's airport after Milk San Francisco International Airport has 40 million passengers annually
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea fired live artillery on Monday in a military drill near the country 's heavily armed border with North Korea , which has described the exercise as a provocation . The drill Monday involved howitzers , mortars and attack helicopters , South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . It took place on islands off the west coast of the Korean peninsula where tensions have flared in the past . Seoul notified the North on Sunday of the drill , a regular live-fire exercise that lasts an hour . About 1,000 island residents were moved to safe areas during the drill , Yonhap reported , citing military officials . "  This is a very dangerous play with fire to ignite a war against the North as it is a clear declaration of war against it , " Pyongyang 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported Sunday , citing a bulletin from the Secretariat of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea . In late 2010 , North Korea responded to a South Korean military exercise in the same area by firing artillery at Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . "  If the puppet warmongers preempt reckless firing despite our warning , they will not escape punishment thousands-fold severer " than the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island , the bulletin said . It identified "  the puppet warmongers " as being South Korea and the United States , which has tens of thousands of troops in South Korea . The death in December of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and the subsequent anointment of his son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un , has created uncertainty about the future direction of the secretive regime in Pyongyang . Further tensions over military maneuvers on the Korean peninsula are expected in the coming weeks . There are two joint exercises planned involving thousands of U.S. and South Korean forces scheduled between February and April . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	South Korea holds a regular artillery drill on islands where tensions have flared before North Korea describes the exercise as a provocation In 2010 , the North responded to a drill in the same area by shelling a South Korean island More military exercises by South Korea and the U.S. are scheduled for the coming weeks
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon will wake up a lame duck Monday . How lame will depend largely on nationwide midterm elections Sunday . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has three years left in his six-year term . On the ballot will be 500 federal legislators , six governors and mayors and local legislators in 11 states . Although Calderon has three years left in his six-year term and is not on Sunday 's ballot , many analysts see the election as a referendum on his performance and his party 's nine-year reign on the presidency . By most accounts , Calderon 's party will fare well . "  He 's going to get a positive vote , " said Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs . "  The nation feels he is doing a better job than they imagined he would . " Low expectations may be understandable , given the circumstances under which Calderon came to power . After a bitterly fought race that polls indicated was too close to call , the nation went to the polls July 2 , 2006 , to pick a successor to President Vicente Fox . The race was so close that the results were not verified until a controversial decision two months later . Calderon 's margin of victory was less than 1 percent . Losing candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador refused to accept the results and announced himself the winner . Fistfights broke out in the lower house , the Chamber of Deputies . The first three years of Calderon 's tenure have not been much smoother . Perhaps most famously , the president declared war on the drug cartels that have taken hold of Mexico , spreading corruption , fear and violence to all corners of the nation . The war 's outcome remains uncertain , but there 's no doubt about the human cost : About 10,000 people have died in drug violence since Calderon took office in December 2006 . The political fallout also has been costly . One U.S. politician said Mexico was undergoing a civil war . A Pentagon report said the nation was in danger of becoming a failed state . Calderon 's job got tougher when the bottom fell out of the global economy late last year and the H1N1 flu outbreak drew the world 's attention to Mexico this year . But Calderon 's actions in the face of such adversity have helped his standing , some analysts say . "  Calderon has become increasingly popular in the country because he did project a certain amount of strength in the anti-drug war , " Birns said . "  He did stand up to the United States on certain things , like swine flu . " Calderon 's aggressive management of the swine flu crisis -- in which he shut down schools , businesses and all public gatherings for more than a week to stop spread of the disease -- has given him higher credibility , said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . But Calderon 's personal popularity may not help his party in the legislative elections . "  The question is whether Calderon has coattails , " said Ana Maria Salazar , a Mexico City columnist and political talk show host . Calderon is head of the National Action Party , known as PAN . The other two main parties are the leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution  PRD  , which narrowly lost the 2006 presidential election , and the Revolutionary Institutional Party  PRI  , which had a stranglehold on the presidency from 1929 until the 2000 . PAN candidate Fox -- Calderon 's predecessor -- broke that hold nine years ago . The PAN has the most seats in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies but does not have a majority in either . The party could lose seats after Sunday , as most polls show the PRI holding a slight lead . "  We will see the resurgence of the PRI , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Carter in the late 1970s . The PRD , he said , has largely discredited itself through internal division . "  And the PAN has been overseeing a government that has shunted from one crisis to another , " Pastor said . Still , some observers say PRI inroads may not make much difference . "  It will not change the balance of power much in Mexico , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . "  Felipe Calderon will still have to negotiate with one of the two opposition parties to get legislation passed . " Hakim said , "  It 's not going to be as critical election as everyone was predicting . " But as Calderon moves into the last half of his presidency and other politicians start jockeying to succeed him , he probably will find it increasingly difficult to get his legislative agenda accomplished . "  Felipe Calderon will have a small window of opportunity to get in additional reforms , " Salazar said . "  And all of this is happening amidst a terrible economic crisis , a terrible security crisis . " And then there 's the issue of what many see as increasing voter distaste for the electoral process . "  There 's a general disenchantment about the PAN administration for the past nine years , " said John Mill Ackerman , a professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico . "  They 're linked to the economic crisis , the health crisis , the security crisis . " But the PRI , he said , does n't offer much of a choice . "  The problem here is that the PRI is not a new PRI , " Ackerman said . "  They 're not necessarily going to imply much change or difference . " Nor is the PRI united , Salazar said . "  Everybody assumes that the PRI gets along . That 's not true , " Salazar said , noting that the party is riven with "  fractionalism . " Most voters will just stay home . Election officials predict a 30 percent turnout . Others will annul their vote : They will turn in blank ballots , so officials will see that they voted but not for anyone . "  There 's a lack of hope of making a difference with a vote , " Ackerman said . Perhaps no one will be more interested in the results than the drug cartels . Numerous news reports have detailed how narcotraffickers fund some candidates , intimidate others to stay out of races and bribe politicians after they have been elected . "  The narcos definitely have taken this as another way in which they can expand their power , " Ackerman said . Federal authorities have arrested more than 100 local officials in recent weeks on accusations that they have been taking money from drug cartels . The "  narco-politicians " included mayors and a judge . Jose Vazquez , the former mayor of a town in Michoacan state , told a major newspaper two years ago how he had to go see the local drug boss when he decided to run . After he won , Vazquez said , he was constantly pressured to appoint officials the drug gangs wanted . "  If you do n't do it , they kill you , and that 's that , " Vazquez was quoted as telling the Excelsior newspaper . "  All candidates have to suit them , whether they belong to the PRI , the PAN or the PRD . The drug gangs give their approval to candidates . " Vazquez apparently fell out of favor . A group of armed men killed him in November . More recently , armed men opened fire last week in Sonora state on a PAN candidate for the lower house . He escaped , but two aides were killed . After all this , how the election and vote-counting is carried out Sunday looms as a major worry . No one wants to see a repeat of 2006 . "  This is a referendum on democracy , " Ackerman said . " -LSB- Mexicans -RSB- may be convinced on democracy . The question is whether they 're convinced that voting will lead to anything . "	President is not on ballot , but many see vote as comment on his performance Party is expected to do well despite years of troubles Calderon has stood strong in face of adversity , analysts say Many see increasing voter distaste with electoral process
CNN  -- A number of Morocco 's riads  traditional courtyard houses  have been transformed into incredible boutique hotels over the past several years , giving travelers a cultural and luxurious experience that was once off limits . A classic riad is built around a central courtyard with a garden and fountain . The interior often features lavish ornamentation -- glazed ceramic tiles  zellij  in colorful geometric patterns on walls and floors , carved pierced white stucco work , painted wooden ceilings  zouakt  and shiny polished plaster walls  tadelakt  . "  There is extraordinary diversity among Marrakech riads , whose aesthetics range from the ornate flourishes of traditional Moroccan style to ultra-modern interiors that would n't look out of place in a New York City loft , " says Cyrus Bozorgmehr , a Briton who manages several riads in Marrakech . "  With owners living as far afield as Italy , Tahiti and the United States , each brings their own vision -- so each riad has a unique identity , infused with the personality and history of the person behind it and their relationship with Morocco , " adds Bozorgmehr , who estimates Marrakech has more than 1,000 riad hotels . International fixtures Opened in 2014 , one of the new breed is Riad Jaaneman . It juxtaposes Italian contemporary style , art deco furnishings , marble bathrooms , iPod docks and Boffi bathroom fixtures with Moroccan-patterned headboards and tadelakt walls . In the five-suite riad 's Partenope suite , green marble from South America , track lighting and ebony tadelakt walls adorn the bathroom . Dark brown Emperador marble from Spain and tobacco-colored tadelakt walls decorate the bathroom in another suite ; the bedroom is decorated with African artifacts and has two walk-in dressing rooms . An outdoor pool and hammam  traditional steam bath  are here , and riad staff organize day trips to the Atlas Mountains , skiing , cooking classes and yoga . Owner Leonardo Giangreco , an Italian-born former investment banker in London , left finance in 2010 to "  reinvent myself . " He bought the riad in 2003 to live in , spent two years restoring it and plans to display part of his contemporary art collection here . Traditional elements In contrast to Riad Jaaneman , Riad El Amine in Fez boasts traditional Moroccan craftsmanship . It has two courtyards . One features zellij-adorned columns flanking an aqua-tiled reflecting pool . A second with a fountain strewn with rose petals in a nine-pointed star-shaped niche and geometric-patterned ceramic tiles . One of the 11-room riad 's eight suites features a lavender-curtained four-poster bed with silk purple and gold pillows . Others have colored-glass arched windows . Its owner , a Moroccan travel agent , purchased two riads in 2004 , and had new tile and stucco work handmade to mimic the old . "  It was the restorations of these ancient courtyard houses -- mostly by expats -- that really saved the ancient poverty-stricken medinas from falling into complete disuse and slums , " says Joel A. Zack , president of Heritage Tours Private Travel in New York , which custom designs tours to Morocco . "  Fifteen years ago , they were very different places . It 's the perfect example of adaptive reuse that saved an entire historic quarter , and helped grow economy and tourism significantly . " Riads have no windows facing the street -- all face the courtyard . Entryways are often plain doors on a blank wall in a tiny alley in the medina . These unremarkable exteriors offer absolutely no clue to the wonders within . "  You see the look of terror on their faces when guests often first arrive at a riad , at a sometimes unmarked door in a dark alley , " says Bozorgmehr . "  They do n't know if they 'll ever find their way back , until they get into their comfort zone . It 's the Islamic way -- no ostentation outside the house , you show your wealth inside . " Latent luxury When the King of Morocco decided to open the Royal Mansour Marrakech hotel in 2010 as the last word in opulence , he chose to build 53 brand new riads . Each is a three-story , one - to four-bedroom jewel box , furnished in a riot of ornate zellij , carved stucco and wooden screens , painted wooden ceilings , silks and brocades in spare-no-expense fashion , with a private courtyard and roof terrace with pool and fireplace . Giving riads the ultimate luxury twist , King Mohammed VI added three restaurants helmed by three-Michelin-star Paris chef Yannick Alleno , serving Moroccan , gourmet French and Mediterranean cuisine . There are also a 2,500-square-meter spa with 13 treatment rooms , two hammams , indoor pool , gym and Pilates studio , a library with a telescope for stargazing through a retractable roof and 24-hour room service and private butlers , who travel by underground tunnels for privacy . Guests receive stationery with their names lettered in gold . Five-meter-high walls surround the faux medina surrounding the Royal Mansour , a short walk from the Djemaa El Fna , the raucous square alive with snake charmers , magicians , potion , food and drink peddlers and storytellers at night . CEOs and political leaders have stayed in its biggest riad , the four-bedroom , four-bathroom Riad d'Honneur , which sprawls over 1,800 square meters . You can book that for a mere $ 48,945 per night . Marrakech 's first expatriate riad owner is believed to be oil heir J. Paul Getty Jr. , who bought a deteriorated riad in the late 1960s and hired Bill Willis , an American interior designer , to decorate it . The designer 's own Marrakech riad , an ultra-flamboyant Arabian Nights-style fantasy where he entertained guests like the Rolling Stones and William S. Burroughs , has appeared in "  Architectural Digest " and other design magazines . Willis , who became the designer of choice for jet set Marrakech expats from Yves St Laurent to Fiat heiress Marella Agnelli , helped catapult Moroccan interior design to international attention . The city 's first riad hotel was La Maison Arabe , a 26-room riad with a renowned Moroccan cooking school , which opened in 1997 . "  For those who truly want to experience authenticity , the right riad can be an amazing experience , " says Joel Zack of Heritage Tours Private Travel . "  Most do not offer the amenities of a full hotel , but they are gorgeous , each room is different and they offer a magic and a sense of being in Morocco and its hospitality that is absolutely unbeatable . " Royal Mansour , Rue Abou Abbas El Sebti , Marrakech ; +212 529 80 80 80 ; from $ 650  $ 872 La Maison Arabe , 1 Derb Assehbe Bab Doukkala , Marrakech ; +212 524 38 70 10 ; from $ 210  $ 282 Riad Jaaneman , 12 Derb Sraghna , Dar El Bacha , Marrakech ; +212 524 44 13 23 ; from $ 250  $ 335 Riad El Amine , 94 , 96 Bab Jdid , Bouajjara , Fez , +212 535 74 07 49 ; from $ 95  $ 127 Sharon McDonnell is a travel , history and food/beverage writer based in San Francisco .	Expats are mostly responsible for restoration of over 1,000 of Morocco 's ancient courtyard houses Entrances to riads are often a plain door in a tiny alley , offering no clue to wonders within La Maison Arabe is Marrakech 's first riad hotel with a renowned Moroccan cooking school
CNN  -- Thiago Silva knows his history -- it 's a good job too given it 's very much weighing on his shoulders . Brazil 's iconic Maracana Stadium may have been given a $ 500 million upgrade , but beneath the new shiny exterior , the scars of pain and anguish are still raw for many Brazilians . But next year Brazil has a chance to exorcize those demons as the South American country hosts the World Cup for the first time since 1950 . Then football 's greatest show ended in tears and failure after a 2-1 defeat against Uruguay in the final match of the tournament crushed any illusion of supremacy and left a proud country nursing a pain which still runs deep to this very day . "  Every day there 's something going on in my head , " Brazilian captain Silva , whose hands could grasp the famous old trophy 64 years on should Brazil be victorious , told CNN . "  Even the Brazilian press wo n't allow us to forget the World Cup in 1950 in a full Maracana . "  So that idea gets stuck in your head , but that 's good . It 's something we can resolve . "  We expect a lot from ourselves . We talk a lot and our commitment is very big , so I believe we are going to have a lot of success . "  It 's not going to be easy but we are on the right track . " At the age of 28 , Silva has established himself as one of the most accomplished defenders in the world following an outstanding season with Paris Saint-Germain . All this in the space of five years since arriving in Europe with AC Milan from Fluminese in 2008 . After winning the 2011 league title with Milan and being honored as the top defender in Serie A , he made a $ 55 million move to PSG the following year along with striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Now , following a series of glowing performances on the domestic front and in the European Champions League , the defender is aiming to peak in time for next year 's global blockbuster . "  I see myself as an important player on the pitch and in the tactical scheme of the National team , " said Silva . "  I see myself as a reference for the rest of the group . We do n't know what 's going to happen in the future , but so far  at the moment  I 'm the captain of the Brazil team . "  It 's a unique experience in my life , to represent thousands of Brazilians across the world . It 's not for everyone . "  Fortunately things have been going well . We are not 100 % aware of our capabilities , but we are very close to what we can achieve . " One man who could prove intrinsic to Brazil 's success is the precociously talented Neymar -- largely considered to be one of world football 's hottest properties . The Santos striker , who is reportedly being courted by both Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid , is expected to spearhead Brazil 's attack . But Neymar does not come without his critics -- one of whom is Brazilian legend Pele , who has accused the youngster of being more interested in his hairdo than his football . A lack of playing experience in European competition has also cast question marks over Neymar 's ability to compete on the very highest stage . His anonymous showing in the final of the London Olympics against Mexico in 2012 led to a barrage of criticism and accusations that he is simply not living up to his hype . But Silva says Neymar will only prove successful when his critics allow him to get on with what he does best -- playing football . "  Our biggest star nowadays is Neymar and I think people have to have a little bit more respect with the professional that is Ney , " said Silva . "  He 's a great guy with a very pure and good heart and people sometimes make things up and start talking rubbish where there 's nothing to talk about . "  I would like to ask for people to have a bit more patience with him because he 's our biggest star at the moment . "  If he 's not relaxed and ready to play and does n't have support , the team can suffer a lot from it . " The man charged with harnessing Neymar 's talent is coach Luis Felipe Scolari -- the mastermind behind Brazil 's last march to World Cup glory in 2002 . Scolari , who was reappointed last November , will first target June 's Confederations Cup with success there likely to further boost expectations in Brazil . The 64-year-old , affectionately known as "  Big Phil " , first took on the job in 2001 before guiding Brazil to success in Japan and South Korea the following year . "  He 's a serious guy , " Silva said of the national coach , who has also enjoyed time in charge of Portugal and Chelsea amongst many others . "  On the other hand , he 's happy as well , very joyful , " added the Brazil captain . "  He has his moments to have fun , but he 's a guy that when it 's time to work , it 's time to work and to be serious about what you are doing . "  What I like about him is his personality . He 's a firm guy in his words , if you are not playing well , you will get benched . "  If you are benched and are training well you will have your opportunity . "  He 's a very open person . If you are playing well you will play , if not , you wo n't play , that 's the way football should be . "  I see in him a very positive guy . He 's a person who has won it all and wants to win even more . "  I hope we can have success together since we are getting a strong group for the World Cup and to win titles , which is the most important in football . " Scolari 's selection policy will no doubt be heavily scrutinized with question marks still hanging over the likes of Ronaldinho and Kaka . World Cup winner Ronaldinho , 33 , played against England in January 2013 having not featured on the international stage for nearly a year . Kaka , 31 , was once considered the finest player in the world but has seen his career stagnate since moving from Milan to Real Madrid in 2009 . Both men still harbor ambitions of pulling on the famous yellow shirt in front of their home fans -- a dream which is still intact according to Silva . "  There 's always room in our team for players who are in good form , " he added . "  I 'm sure if they are playing well , they will have other opportunities . "  Brazil 's team is like that , it 's filled with opportunities and players of great quality . "  When you 're talking about Kaka and Ronaldinho -- I do n't even have words to describe those two great players that the Brazilian football has . "  You can be sure that if they are playing well in their clubs , I 'm sure Scolari will give them another opportunity . "	Brazil will host the World Cup next year for the first time since 1950 Captain Thiago Silva desperate to win competition on home soil after 64 years of hurt Silva pleads for critics of Neymar to go easy on the talented young forward Ronaldinho and Kaka could still feature in next year 's tournament
CNN  -- People have called 911 to complain about lousy hamburgers and cold french fries , but what happened Sunday night in a Connecticut town may have set a new standard for misuse of emergency calls . The cause of the crisis ? Viewers could n't watch their cable TV programs . And if Facebook posts are any indication , "  Breaking Bad " was what the viewers wanted most . A power outage knocked out cable service Sunday evening in parts of Connecticut , leaving Cablevision customers unable to watch television , including the hit show now in its final season . While most viewers chose to wait for service to be restored , others opted for a far less rational course of action : calling 911 . The Fairfield Police Department was not amused and took to its Facebook page to post a refresher course on using its emergency system . The message read : "  We are receiving numerous 911 calls regarding the Cablevison outage . This is neither an emergency or a police related concern . Please direct your inquiries to Cablevision . 911 should only be called for Life Threatening Emergencies ONLY . Incidents that are not of an emergency nature may be reported to the Fairfield Police Department . ... Misuse of the 911 system may result in an arrest . " Cablevision said it had restored service by 11 p.m. Sunday . But judging by the comments on the Fairfield Police Facebook page , the fallout was far from over . Among the many comments about being unable to watch "  Breaking Bad " : "  Yes , this was a huge misuse of 911 , " one comment read , "  but privately , I think it was kind . Of . Awesome . Tonight 's breaking bad was super intense and Very riveting by every second . Obviously these folks were not thinking rationally when reaching for the phone . " When a lack of cable TV is a reason to call 911 , "  I have to wonder what this world is coming to and if people truly understand the definition of emergency , " read another comment . A resident named Ben Gott may have had the best solution . "  When my Internet went out an hour ago , " he wrote on Facebook , "  I took a hint , put one of my dad 's old jazz records on the turntable , and pulled out a good book . That , plus the crickets and peepers , has turned this into a very good night indeed . "	A power outage knocked out cable in parts of Connecticut Police issue warning after residents of the town of Fairfield call 911 to complain On Facebook , police say it 's not an emergency , urge them to call their cable company "  Misuse of the 911 system may result in an arrest , " post says
CNN  -- Britain will have four representatives on the Formula One grid next season after Marussia F1 announced they have signed Max Chilton for the 2013 campaign . The 21-year-old has completed just two F1 tests for the team and was their reserve driver for the final six races of 2012 . Chilton 's deal with Marussia means there will be a British quartet on the grid when the teams line up in Australia . He joins Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton , Jenson Button , of McLaren , and Paul Di Resta , who drives for Force India . It is the first time there have been four Brits in F1 since 2008 when Button and Hamilton were joined by David Coulthard and Anthony Davidson . "  It 's hard to put into words how I 'm feeling today , with the announcement that I will be racing for the Marussia F1 Team in 2013 , " Chilton said in a statement on Marussia 's official website . "  I am very fortunate to have spent the last six races with the Marussia F1 Team as reserve driver , which means that instead of a standing start , I am already up to speed and at ease with the people , the culture , the systems and of course , the 2012 package . "  During the period since the Japanese Grand Prix , I have watched at very close quarters the incredible commitment and determination to succeed that saw everyone in the team pushing until the very last race . "  I feel very lucky to be able to embark on my F1 racing career with this group of people . "  Pre-season testing is just a few weeks away , so my focus now is to continue my physical preparation whilst spending as much time as possible working with the technical team to help develop the car I will drive in my debut F1 season . " Chilton finished fourth in the GP2 series , which acts as a feeder competition for F1 , and showed promise in his two performances in the Marussia car , in a young driver test and in free practice at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . John Booth , Marussia 's team principal , said Chilton had shown enough potential to earn his chance , as Marussia try to improve on their 11th-place finish in last year 's constructors ' championship . "  We felt confident enough in his ability and potential to appoint him to the role of reserve driver in September and since that time his development has been rapid in all aspects , " Booth explained . "  First and foremost , he has shown himself to be extremely capable in the car . Most recently , in Abu Dhabi , he was put to the test in a competitive environment which included providing him with an opportunity to demonstrate his outright pace and consistency over a single lap . "  Not only that , Max very quickly embedded himself within the team , thanks in no small part to the fact that he is a lively and affable character who we 've enjoyed having around . "  Having been integral to our race weekend engineering environment for the past three months already - as well as having undertaken a significant part of our simulator programme - Max has already found his feet . "	Briton driver Max Chilton selected to drive for Marussia in the 2013 Formula One season Chilton 's deal means there will be four British drivers on the F1 grid in 2013 The 21-year-old has only had two F1 test drives and moves from GP2 series Chilton joins Lewis Hamilton , Jenson Button and Paul Di Resta in the sport
The director of the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system and two others have been placed on administrative leave amid claims of a secret waiting list and claims that 40-plus veterans died waiting for care . These allegations have been exposed in a series of exclusive reports by the CNN Investigations unit . The announcement Thursday by U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki came a day after officials at the Phoenix VA denied in interviews with CNN the existence of such a list , only to be called liars hours later by the top VA physician who first appeared on CNN and brought the allegations to light . "  We believe it is important to allow an independent , objective review to proceed , " Shinseki said in a written statement . " ... These allegations , if true , are absolutely unacceptable and if the Inspector General 's investigation substantiates these claims , swift and appropriate action will be taken . " Those placed on leave , according to the statement , are Phoenix VA Director Sharon Helman , Associate Director Lance Robinson and a third employee , who was not identified by name . Retired VA doctor : There 's a secret wait list in Phoenix Shinseki 's office denied repeated requests by CNN over six months to interview the secretary about the allegations . Sources told CNN the managers at the VA concocted an elaborate scheme to cover up long wait times there . The sources said more than 1,400 veterans were placed on the purported secret list and that documents were shredded to hide the evidence . According to sources , at least 40 U.S veterans died waiting for care at the facility , many of whom were on the list . These issues raised in CNN 's exclusive investigation have quickly drawn attention in Washington . On Monday , President Barack Obama said he called on Shineski to investigate what has happened in Phoenix . In recent days , numerous members of Congress have called for hearings on the Phoenix VA , and at least three members of Congress have publicly called for Helman 's resignation . Tears , angry accusations mark hearing on delayed VA care But in an interview with CNN on Tuesday , Helman and her chief of staff , Dr. Darren Deering , denied any secret effort to cover up or hide wait times . "  We have never instructed our staff to create a secret list , to maintain a secret list , to shred a secret list -- that has never come from our office as far as instruction to our staff , " said Deering . "  It 's never come from me , " added Helman . Dr. Sam Foote , a 24-year VA physician and clinic director , recently retired and went public with the details of the list , went on the air publicly for the first time with CNN one week ago . He denounced Helman 's claim . "  They started this secret list in February of 2013 , " Foote said . "  At some time , they changed over from paper to electronic , in early summer , maybe approximately June or July . And transferred names over to the electronic waiting list . And she -LSB- Helman -RSB- was called on an ethics consult evaluation about that -- it 's written down , documented in July . " That documentation includes e-mails from July 2013 , which were reported by CNN , that show top management , including Helman , were well-aware about the actual wait times , knew about the off-the-books list and even defended its use to her staff . When directly asked earlier this week about whether evidence of wait times was shredded and whether the secret list existed , Deering stated : "  I think there is some confusion amongst our staff . When we came on as a leadership team in 2012 , the practice at that time was that they would schedule new veterans who would were coming in for care way out into the future . Sometimes a year , sometimes 14 months . And that was the appointment that that veteran was given . "  As we started to tackle our challenges of access , we implemented a tool that the VA uses nationally called the electronic wait list . And what that tool is it 's an electronic waiting list that allows us to everyday look to see who is waiting for an appointment . "  So what we did is we took those patients that were scheduled way out into the future , and we put them on this national tool that the VA uses so that we could track them . What that did is , rather than having an appointment 14 months out into the future , it put them on this EWL electronic waiting list , so that when we had an appointment that came open , so if a veteran called next week and canceled their appointment , we could pull a veteran off this list and get them into that slot . "  So it actually improved the probability of these veterans getting an appointment sooner . And in that transition time , I think there was some confusion among staff , I think there were some folks who did not understand that , and I think that 's where these allegations are coming from . " January : Veterans dying because of health care delays January : Congress demands answers November : A dire situation in South Carolina	U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki calls for a review Shinseki announced that the Phoenix VA director has been placed on leave CNN has been investigating allegations of a secret wait list at Phoenix VA In CNN interview , Director Sharon Helman denied existence of such a list
CNN  -- An uncle of President Barack Obama was arrested last week in Framingham , Massachusetts , for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol , police Lt. Ronald Brandolini told CNN on Monday . Onyango Obama was arrested on August 24 after failing a field sobriety test , Brandolini said . An administration official confirmed to CNN that the arrested man is the half-brother of President Obama 's father . There was no other administration comment immediately available . According to a a federal law enforcement source who spoke on condition of not being identified , Onyango Obama was not legally in the United States and has been previously ordered removed from the country . His case is now going through the immigration process , the source said . A spokesman at the Department of Homeland Security said U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement does not comment on specific cases . According to a statement from Framingham police , an officer in an unmarked police cruiser stopped Onyango Obama just after 7 p.m. after a sport utility vehicle he was driving failed to make a proper stop at an intersection . The arresting officer , Val Krishtal , said Obama had red and glassy eyes , slurred speech and appeared unsteady on his feet , the statement said . Obama told Krishtal he had consumed two beers , and then failed "  several " field sobriety tests , according to the statement . Obama was arrested for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol , failure to yield and operating a motor vehicle to endanger , the statement said . Obama was being held without bail at the request of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , it said . CNN Chief White House Corrrespondent Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : A source says the arrested man is not legally in the United States Onyango Obama is arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol The arrest occurred on Wednesday The arrested man is the half-brother of the president 's father
CNN  -- The big summer showdown has come and gone . The Supreme Court decided the Affordable Care Act could stand , and so it remains , for the most part , undisturbed . The next hurdle will occur in November , when the country goes to the polls . For the sake of argument , though , let 's assume the health care law will not be stripped down by a new president and Congress . In which case , we need to start asking an important question : What will happen with Medicaid ? Many Americans still do n't understand how Medicaid works . The biggest misperception is that Medicaid is a universal health care program for all poor people . That 's just not true . Many people with little to no income do not qualify for Mediaid . Yes , all children up to 100 % of the poverty line , and children under 6 up to 133 % of poverty line , are covered . Pregnant women up to 133 % of the poverty line are covered as well . So are elderly and disabled Americans who qualify for Social Security 's Supplemental Security Income . But there 's where things start to break down . Parents are covered , but only to 1996 welfare levels . This keeps a lot of parents , even those who are very poor , from qualifying for Medicaid . Two parents and a child living in Alabama , Arkansas , Indiana , Louisiana or Texas with an income of $ 4,850 a year actually earn too much to qualify for traditional Medicaid . And if you 're not a parent , then things are even worse . In most states , if you have no children , you ca n't qualify for Medicaid no matter how little you make . In most states , even if you make no money at all , there 's no Medicaid for you . This means Medicaid is far from the safety net many imagine it to be . It has so many holes that when the heath care law really gets going in 2014 , more than half  PDF  of the newly insured will be those earning less than 133 % of the poverty line . The poor still constitute a significant percent of the uninsured . When the House and the Senate were debating how to cover all of the uninsured , they disagreed . Both bodies agree that those making more than 133 % of the poverty line should get private insurance in the exchanges , albeit with subsidies for those making less than 400 % of the poverty line . But what to do with those making less than 133 % of the poverty line ? The Democrats favored the idea of expanding Medicaid , as Medicaid is cheaper than private insurance . In fact , so much so that the House pushed to raise the eligibility for Medicaid for all Americans to 133 % of the poverty line , above the Senate 's suggested 100 % , as it made the entire Affordable Care Act cheaper . This is a radical change for Medicaid . It will finally be the fully universal safety net that many believe it already is . All Americans , regardless of age and parental status , will qualify if they are poor . This wo n't be cheap , of course . States currently are on the hook for 50 % to 75 % of all Medicaid costs . Asking them to cover the many millions of newly eligible recipients would be too much for many to bear . Therefore , the federal government decided it would pay for the full cost of the expansion when it begins in 2014 . There are two problems , though . The first is that the federal portion decreases to 90 % by 2020 . That may still sound like a great deal , but even that 10 % is a lot of money , and many states fear they wo n't have it . The second is that the individual mandate and Affordable Care Act in general will probably bring forward a lot of people who already qualified for Medicaid and just never signed up . The federal government wo n't pay for them , and a lot of states fear this expense . They feared it so much that they brought a case against the expansion that made it all the way to the Supreme Court . The court decided in the states ' favor . The health care law can ask states to expand Medicaid and offer them extra money if they will agree to the expansion . The law can even refuse states the extra money if they refuse to expand the program . But what the law ca n't do is threaten states with removal of their traditional Medicaid money if they wo n't expand . What this means is that states are free to say no to the Medicaid expansion . That will mean some big problems in implementing the Affordable Care Act . There are really no provisions for people making less than 100 % of the poverty lines to receive subsidies to buy insurance on the exchanges . Many will not be penalized by the mandate because they make too little  PDF  , but that will still leave them without health insurance . In essence , without the Medicaid expansion , millions of the poorest among us will still be uninsured , with few options to rectify the situation . I still believe that few states will choose to refuse the expansion money . It 's hard to say no to a full funding of insurance for millions of constituents when it will cost you nothing . Moreover , it will be politically difficult to say no when so many other states are saying yes . There will also be enormous pressure from physicians , hospitals and other providers , who stand to lose a ton of money if people are n't insured . Let 's remember that there were holdouts when Medicaid was passed decades ago . Today , threatening to take away that program is "  coercive . " That said , plenty of states have shown their willingness to turn down such deals in the past . Likely , some will in the future . They are certainly threatening to already . Since those threats are nothing more than words at the moment , I 'd take them with a grain of salt . But that does n't mean a few wo n't hold fast . There are ways to fix this , of course . Subsidies could be provided for everyone , for instance . States could ask for new deals . Or the federal government could make the expansion a federal burden for all time . The various solutions will cost money and require compromise . That 's not happening soon . So , for the moment , we will wait . On November 7 , we will have a better idea of whether the Affordable Care Act will stand . And maybe then , we 'll be able to get to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : It 's not true that Medicaid is a universal health care program for all poor people Carroll : Medicaid has a chance to become a full safety net under the Affordable Care Act But states are free to say no to the Medicaid expansion under the health care law , he says Carroll : We 'll have to make compromises , but first let 's see if law will be stripped down
CNN  -- The winners of the world 's largest design prize have been revealed -- with miniature computers , food-saving paper , and a birthing simulator among those taking home a share of the INDEX : Award 2013 . Judges at Thursday 's award ceremony in Helsing  r , Denmark announced the five victors , plus the winner of the People 's Choice Award -- as voted for by readers of CNN.com -- with glow-in-the-dark road concept Smart Highway taking the popular prize . The    500,000 award recognizes design innovations that address the large-scale challenges the world faces . INDEX 's panel of judges deliberated over five categories of award -- Body , Home , Work , Play and Community -- aimed at rewarding design that improves lives across many different spheres . More from INDEX 2013 : Exclusive coverage of this year 's award for Design to Improve Life Taking home the Play category award on the night was the most recognizable of this year 's winners : the credit card-sized computer Raspberry Pi earned judges ' praise for the scope of its ambition . The $ 25 Pi was originally designed to teach coding skills to children , but has already found an incredible range of applications : from flying into space and snapping sky-high photographs , to controlling the temperature of a craft brewery . The judges said that the objectives of the microcomputer echo INDEX 's own goal of improving everyday life . "  If we want the young generation to design the future , we need to make them computer-literate , " the jury said , adding that Raspberry Pi holds the power to make this a reality . This year 's Home Award-winner Fresh Paper may be less well-known -- but could soon be having as strong an impact on lives around the world , judges believe . The square sheet of paper makes use of the natural bacteria - and fungus-inhibiting properties of spices like fenugreek to keep fruit and vegetable produce fresh for two to four times as long . Judges praised its simple design-based response to "  one of the world 's largest challenges . " The affordable Fresh Paper requires no instruction or special skills to use but the jury believed it could play an important role in cutting the estimated 25 % of the world 's food supply lost to spoilage . More from INDEX 2013 : Designs for when disaster strikes From a strong field in the Body category -- which also included a syringe that prevents unsafe injections and a wearable robot that allows paralyzed people to walk -- judges picked the Natalie Collection . The collection comprises a trio of small devices which aim to confront the terrifying statistic of 3000 daily neonatal deaths worldwide , with judges hailing the success the device has already achieved The collection 's two simulators -- one replicating a newborn baby , the other a birthing mother -- aim to educate midwives to prevent neonatal asphyxia , while a specially-developed suction device empowers them to overcome some of the most common breathing obstructions in newborns . The widespread benefits of the devices can already be seen , as judges explained : "  More than 100,000 thousand midwives and birth helpers in 54 countries have been trained using the Natalie Collection , applying their new-found knowledge to save lives by as much as 47 % . " More from INDEX 2013 : A day in the life of the future city In the Community category , the jury made the unprecedented decision of selecting two winners -- electing to forgo a Work Award in 2013 . The Community Awards recognized INDEX 's home city of Copenhagen for its ambitious plans to equip itself against the threat of climate change , in addition to Roosegard 's Smart Highway -- which became INDEX : Award 's first double-winner , having scooped the People 's Choice honor on the same night . Copenhagen 's Climate Adaptation Plan aims to prepare the city to face the environmental challenges of the future and avoid the widespread devastation seen when Hurricane Sandy hit the USA 's coastal cities . Judges praised the Danish capital for taking the lead in addressing "  the most pressing immediate challenge for successful urban life in this century " and spearheading the pursuit of "  a vibrant and resilient habitat for the 21st century . " Before picking up both a People 's Choice and Community category award , Smart Highway inventor Daan Roosegaarde told CNN : "  I 'm not so much interested in design -- I 'm more interested in reforming things . " His wide-ranging concepts for reforms to our highways caught the attention of the jury of design professionals , as well as a public tired of unchanging gray streets and judges . Among his revolutionary ideas were streetlights that produce their own electricity , road lanes that charge electric cars , glow-in-the-dark road markings , and icy road warnings that appear in the cold . The INDEX judges applauded Roosegaard and lauded his reinvention of the "  dumb " roads of the past into intelligent , safe , communicating highways for the future .	The winners of the biennial INDEX : Award 2013 were announced Thursday CNN.com readers voted for the People 's Choice Award , which was won by Smart Highway The    500,000 award is the biggest in design , with five innovations sharing the reward
Prominent Saudi lawyer and reform advocate Waleed Abulkhair was sentenced on Sunday to 15 years in prison and a 15-year travel ban to be applied after his release from jail for , among other things , "  inciting public opinion against the government " and "  insulting the country 's leaders and judiciary , " according to human rights activists in Saudi Arabia . He was also ordered to pay the sum of 200,000 Saudi riyals  $ 53,000  . And , according to official Saudi news agency SPA , he is required to close any websites affiliated with the organization he heads , the Monitor of Human Rights Saudi Arabia . The government said the group was run illegally as an unlicensed organization that attempted to prejudice the public against the government . "  This is the price Abulkhair was expecting as a result of his defense of human rights and standing with the oppressed , " the group said in a statement . Abulkhair has called for government reforms including the creation of a constitutional monarchy , the release of political prisoners and the expansion of women 's rights . His wife , Samar Badawi , told CNN her husband does not accept the verdict , nor will he appeal it , as he does n't recognize the legitimacy of the court or its ruling . Badawi , who was present when the sentence was read , added , "  This verdict was far from just . Waleed was tried and sentenced simply for his work as a human rights activist . " Human Rights Watch , which has been closely monitoring the trial , condemned the verdict shortly after it was issued . "  Waleed Abu al-Khair 's harsh sentence shows that Saudi Arabia has no tolerance for those who speak out about human rights and political reform and it will go to any length to silence them , " said HRW Saudi researcher Adam Coogle . It 's the second time in less than a year that Abulkhair , one of Saudi Arabia 's leading and most outspoken liberal voices , has been found guilty by a Saudi court . In October , he was sentenced to three months in prison for signing statements critical of the Saudi government and of Saudi officials . Just as that case was winding down in a court in Jeddah , another one against Abulkhair was gearing up in Riyadh -- this one at the Specialized Criminal Court , a venue known for trying accused terrorists . Charged with "  speaking to the foreign media with the intention of harming the country 's reputation " and "  breaking allegiance with the King , " Abulkhair refused on many occasions to recognize the legitimacy of the court . In April , while attending the fifth hearing of his trial , Abulkhair was arrested . He 's been incarcerated ever since . Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Justice Ministry or Interior Ministry for comment . Human rights organizations say Abulkhair 's conviction is simply the latest in a long line of disturbing instances where activists have been deliberately targeted and prosecuted in Saudi Arabia , an absolute monarchy with little tolerance for dissent . "  As Saudi Arabia sits as a member on the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , " said Coogle , "  its courts back home are locking away peaceful activists on harsh sentences merely for calling for reform and respect for human rights . " In May , Raif Badawi was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes by a Saudi court for insulting Islam . Badawi , Abulkhair 's client and brother-in-law , first got into legal trouble with the Saudi government after starting a liberal website and forum where users could discuss religion . April saw activist Fadhil al-Manasif receive a 15-year sentence and 15-year travel ban for "  breaking allegiance with the King " and "  harming the reputation of Saudi Arabia by speaking with foreign news agencies . " In 2013 , two of the country 's most vocal reform advocates , Mohammed al-Qahtani and Abdullah al-Hamid , were each sentenced to 10 years in prison and a five-year travel ban . Both were found guilty of providing inaccurate information to foreign media and founding and operating an unlicensed human rights organization , as well as other offenses . Human rights organizations may be outraged by these outcomes , but they 're hardly surprised . Earlier this year , the Saudi government passed a series of very strong and sweeping anti-terror laws that many groups feared would be used as a way to quash dissent . In a statement , Human Rights Watch said : "  Saudi Arabia 's new terrorism law and a series of related royal decrees create a legal framework that appears to criminalize virtually all dissident thought or expression as terrorism . The sweeping provisions in the measures , all issued since January 2014 , threaten to close down altogether Saudi Arabia 's already extremely restricted space for free expression . " In 2013 , Abulkhair spoke to CNN via Skype from Saudi Arabia , as he was under a travel ban . He said any activist who calls for reform there is in danger of being arrested . "  Here 's the thing , " Abualkhair explained . "  The government of Saudi Arabia , they want to show themselves outside Saudi Arabia that they are modern , that they are open-minded , that they want to change , they want to reform , that the problem is coming from the society , and that the society moves slowly . They keep saying that for the foreign media . But actually inside , when we act with our society , when we want to reform , when we want to do something with our society , they keep punishing us . " Saudi activist sentenced to 10 years , 1,000 lashes for insulting Islam	Waleed Abulkhair called for reforms , release of political prisoners , women 's rights His wife says he does n't accept the verdict She says he wo n't appeal because he does n't accept legitimacy of the court CNN was unable to reach Saudi Justice Ministry or Interior Ministry for comment
CNN  -- U.S. Senate nominee Alvin Greene , a political unknown who became the surprise winner of the South Carolina Democratic primary , was indicted Friday by a grand jury on obscenity charges . Greene was indicted on one felony count of "  disseminating , procuring or promoting obscenity , " according to the Richland County clerk of courts . He was also indicted on a misdemeanor count of "  communicating an obscene message to another person without consent . " Greene told CNN Senior Political Editor Mark Preston that his lawyer "  is dealing " with the indictments . Following the announcement of Greene 's indictment , South Carolina Democratic Party Chair Carol Fowler released a statement asking Greene to resign . "  In June , I asked Mr. Greene to withdraw his candidacy because of the charges against him . Following today 's indictments , I repeat that request , " Fowler said . "  It will be impossible for Mr. Greene to address his legal issues and run a statewide campaign . The indictment renews concerns that Mr. Greene can not represent the values of the Democratic Party or South Carolina voters . " Greene was charged by police in November with showing pornographic material to a female University of South Carolina student on a computer in the school 's library . The alleged victim , according to university police , also said Greene asked if he could come to her room . The woman said the incident happened November 4 . Greene 's June 8 primary victory stunned politicians in South Carolina because they had never heard of him and saw no proof he had mounted any type of campaign . His Democratic opponent , Vic Rawl , tried to have the election overturned , saying there were voting machine irregularities , but the state party denied the request . The existence of the obscenity-related criminal charges did n't surface until after the primary win . State Democratic leaders called on Greene to step aside . He is believed to have little chance of running a serious campaign against incumbent Republican Sen. Jim DeMint . Greene has remained tight-lipped regarding the obscenity charges . "  I 'm innocent until proven guilty . ... I 'm concentrating on my campaign issues : jobs , education and justice , " he said in a recent interview . He refused to answer any more questions regarding the allegations . The obscenity issue is one of several controversies swirling around Greene 's long shot candidacy . Observers have also questioned how the 32-year-old nominee , who is believed to have very little personal wealth , was able to afford the $ 10,440 filing fee required to get his name on the Democratic Senate primary ballot . South Carolina 's top law enforcement agency said it determined that Greene used his own money to pay the fee , though the state attorney general 's office said it did not receive a request from the agency to subpoena Greene 's bank records . Greene 's military record also has raised questions . Greene , according to records obtained by The Associated Press , was denied two promotions and made "  mistakes as severe as uploading sensitive information improperly , and as basic as an overall inability to clearly express his thoughts and perform basic tasks . " The records cover three years of Greene 's service in the Air Force . Greene was discharged from the military in August 2009 . Greene recently attracted attention to his candidacy by proposing to create jobs in South Carolina by making "  toys of me , especially for the holidays . Little dolls . Like maybe action dolls . Me in an Army uniform , Air Force uniform , and me in my suit . " CNN 's Steve Brusk and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Alvin Greene has been indicted on two obscenity charges Greene is the South Carolina Democratic Senate nominee Greene was charged in November with showing pornography to college student Greene tells CNN his lawyer "  is dealing " with the indictment
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Thousands of anti-riot police were in the streets of Bangladesh 's capital city Thursday as the opposition alliance launched a day-long general strike in protest of a fuel price hike . The strike , occurring all over the country , paralyzed daily life as road communications were heavily disrupted and schools and business establishments remained closed on Thursday , the last working day of the week . The usually busy streets of the capital , Dhaka , looked almost deserted as most means of public and private transportation remained off the roads . The opposition group Bangladesh Nationalist Party and its allies , mostly Islamic parties , called the strike after the government raised the price of petroleum fuels and compressed national gas on Sunday . Dhaka 's police chief , Benazir Ahmed , said his department deployed 13,000 policemen alone in the capital to break up any opposition protests , and the home ministry also initiated mobile courts to try protesters summarily on the streets . Police said that the strike was mostly peaceful apart from a few incidents of violence , but the opposition parties said the police and the ruling party men beat up their activists wherever they had tried to bring out a procession . Police said they had arrested some 200 people from different parts of the country , but the opposition claimed that the number was at least 400 . The BNP acting secretary general , Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir , said , "  The government has increased fuel prices at a time when people 's suffering has already peaked due to high inflation . " But the government said it was an "  issueless " strike . The general secretary of the ruling Awami League , Syed Ashraful Islam , said it was illogical as the prices of fuel oils were still lower in Bangladesh  a liter of gasoline costs US$ 1.06  than in the international market . "  If the prices of fuel oils increase in the global market in the future , the government will increase the prices again because the government will need to pay huge subsidies otherwise , " he added . The fuel price hike , the second such rise in four months , triggered protests also by transport owners .	Dhaka police put 13,000 officers in the streets in that one city , police chief says The usually busy streets of Dhaka looked almost deserted of people , vehicles The opposition alliance launched the day-long general strike to protest an increase in fuel prices The opposition claims at least 400 protesters were arrested
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- At least two car bombs exploded Friday near the television studios of Televisa in Ciudad Victoria , the capital of Tamaulipas state in northeastern Mexico , authorities said . One blast occurred outside the TV station while the second happened next to the municipal transit service offices , said the state attorney general 's office . No fatalities or injuries were reported . The nearly simultaneous blasts occurred shortly after midnight . The explosion in front of Televisa , a CNN affiliate , damaged the building and knocked out power on the block , the station said . The station also was knocked off the air locally , Televisa said . Images of one of the blasts show the carcass of a car , the explosion leaving only the vehicle 's mangled frame but not causing much damage to nearby buildings or trees . The wreckage lies next to a wooden street pole that is slightly tilted and holds a stop sign . The car that exploded in front of the television studio was a red Chevrolet Corsica with Texas license plates , the attorney general 's office said in a news release . The car in front of the transit office was a white Mazda , also with Texas license plates , officials said . Tamaulipas is the state where authorities discovered 72 bodies this week on a ranch believed to be used by narcotraffickers . Authorities are investigating whether the 58 men and 14 women , who were migrants from Central and South America , were killed by the Zetas cartel . Televisa previously came under attack August 15 when a grenade damaged apartments near the TV station 's office in the city of Monterrey in neighboring Nuevo Leon state . There were no reports of injuries in that attack . A similar attack occurred the previous day , when a grenade was launched against the Televisa offices in the city of Matamoros , in Tamaulipas . The building was damaged but there were no reports of injuries . It was not clear Friday why Televisa is being targeted . Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon have become a bloody battleground between the Zetas and the Gulf Cartel , which ended an alliance earlier this year . The Zetas used to be the armed branch of the Gulf Cartel but have split off into a separate drug-trafficking organization . Journalists have come under increasing attack in Mexico , as drug cartels try to limit the information being distributed about their activities . The Committee to Protect Journalists , an independent , nonprofit organization , criticized this month 's grenade attacks against Televisa . "  No journalist is safe in Mexico when criminal groups feel free to wage grenade attacks on a national broadcaster , " said Carlos Lauria , the organization 's senior program coordinator for the Americas . "  Drug traffickers are increasingly terrorizing the press and defining what is news and what is n't . We urge the Mexican authorities must fully investigate these incidents and bring those responsible to justice . " Eight journalists were killed in Mexico in 2009 and another eight have been killed so far this year , the Committee to Protect Journalists said this month . In total , 54 journalists and media workers have been slain in Mexico since 1992 , the group said . Car bombings by Mexican cartels are a new phenomena . Among the first was a July 15 explosion in Ciudad Juarez that killed four people .	One car bomb targeted Televisa , a CNN affiliate The attacks occurred in the same state where 72 bodies were discovered this week No fatalities or injuries were reported in the bombings Televisa was previously attacked nearly two weeks ago in Monterrey
CNN  -- A front-row seat to potentially witness history Wednesday night at Fenway Park in Boston wo n't come cheap -- and neither will the tickets for standing-room-only . The last time the Boston Red Sox won a World Series at home , the team featured a 23-year-old ace pitcher named Babe Ruth , who won two games en route to a 4-2 series victory over the Chicago Cubs . That was 1918 , the year in New England lore when the Sox supposedly fell under a curse that kept them from ever again winning the World Series . Though the Curse of the Bambino was finally vanquished with Boston 's World Series title in 2004 -- and then for good measure in 2007 -- those victories came on the road , not at their Fenway Park home . So now , with only one more win to go , some fans are shelling out big bucks just for the chance to witness what they hope will be one final Fenway exorcism . The average price for a Game 6 ticket on online broker TiqIQ.com was $ 2,189 on Tuesday evening , while the cheapest available on StubHub.com was a standing-room-only ticket on the right field roof box for $ 983.75 . One Craigslist posting offering "  CHEAP " Game 6 tickets  in all caps , apparently to hammer home the bargain  led to a broker selling standing-room-only for $ 774 . But the person who shelled out the most for America 's pastime on StubHub did n't even come from America : A fan from Calgary paid a whopping $ 12,092 for a seat near home plate , according to StubHub spokeswoman Shannon Barbara . That 's pretty staggering , considering the Red Sox paid Ruth less -- around $ 7,000 -- for the entire 1918 season , according to Baseball Almanac . The Red Sox lead the St. Louis Cardinals 3-2 in in the best-of-seven series . If a seventh game is necessary , it would also be played at Fenway Park , so either way , a team donning red will be celebrating in Boston this week .	Canadian buyer pays more than $ 12k for seat near home plate at Fenway Park Boston Red Sox hope to banish the Curse of the Bambino by winning series at home Average price for a Game 6 ticket on one online broker is $ 2,189 on Tuesday
CNN  -- Captain Colin Montgomerie has picked Edoardo Molinari , Luke Donald and Padraig Harrington as wild cards to complete his European Ryder Cup team . Montgomerie 's decision means English duo Paul Casey and Justin Rose both miss out on a place , despite Rose winning twice on the PGA Tour this season and Casey sitting ninth in the world rankings . Molinari , a European Tour rookie , secured his inclusion with a sparkling victory at the Johnnie Walker Classic , where he birdied the final three holes to win by a shot . The Italian takes his place in the team alongside brother Francesco as Europe try to regain the trophy from America -- the first time brothers will have competed in the Ryder Cup . Swede Peter Hanson and Spaniard Miguel Angel Jiminez both cemented their places in the team with their performances at the Gleneagles tournament . Harrington is included despite a disappointing year , though the Irishman did finish second at the Irish Open earlier this month and performed well in the opening three rounds of the Barclays tournament in New Jersey . Donald has had a solid year but boasts a strong Ryder Cup record . Those players join English trio Lee Westwood , Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher , Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell from Northern Ireland and Germany 's Martin Kaymer in the 12-strong team . Montgomerie also announced that Spain 's Sergio Garcia would be joining his team as a vice captain to work alongside existing trio Darren Clarke , Thomas Bjorn and Paul McGinley . Explaining his picks , Montgomerie told a press conference : "  Padraig Harrington has won three majors in the last three years . The stature of Padraig Harrington is such that we feel nobody in matchplay golf would want to play against him . He 's a great competitor . "  Luke Donald is someone who can compete in the foursomes and fourballs and not just the singles . He 's played seven times in the Ryder Cup and only lost once . "  And Edoardo Molinari , what can one say about his performance today ? In my time on the European Tour , over 24 years , I do n't think I 've seen a finish of that quality under that pressure by anyone , ever . All credit to him , having to win and doing just that . "  We -LSB- the vice captains -RSB- are all unanimous in our decision that we have the strongest possible team for Europe . I just want to think positively about the team that we have selected . I think the three picks are strong in every way . "  Since my day -- I was a Ryder Cup rookie in 1991 -- I do n't think any captain has had the difficulty I have had today picking three from a possible ten . " American captain Corey Pavin announces his four wild card picks on September 7 before the Ryder Cup gets underway at Celtic Manor in Wales on October 1 .	Edoardo Molinari , Luke Donald and Padraig Harrington get wild card Ryder Cup picks European captain Colin Montgomerie leaves out Justin Rose and Paul Casey Molinari wins the Johnnie Walker Championship hours before the wild cards are finalized Ryder Cup begins at Celtic Manor in Wales on October 1
CNN  -- Four French hostages held in Niger since 2010 have been released , French President Francois Hollande announced Tuesday . A French Foreign Ministry spokesman confirmed the release to CNN , adding that Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian have arrived in Niamey , Niger 's capital , to bring the men back to France . The President 's announcement came during a visit to Slovakia . The men -- Pierre Legrand , Daniel Larribe , Thierry Dol and Marc Feret -- were part of a group of seven people who were abducted by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb on September 16 , 2010 , in Arlit , a city in central Niger . Three people were released in 2011 , including Larribe 's wife , Francoise , who was ill , as well as Jean-Claude Rakotorilalao of Madagascar and Alex Awando from Togo . In April 2011 , AQIM released a video of the men asking then-President Nicolas Sarkozy to withdraw French troops from Afghanistan .	Seven people were abducted by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in 2010 Three were released in 2011 AQIM posted a video of the four remaining hostages in April 2011 French officials are in Niger to bring the men back home
THE HAGUE , Netherlands  CNN  -- The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court has filed genocide charges against Sudan 's president for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur . The U.N. estimates 2.5 million have been forced from their homes in Darfur . Luis Moreno-Ocampo on Monday urged a three-judge panel to issue an arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan al-Bashir to prevent the deaths of about 2.5 million people forced from their homes in the war-torn region of Darfur and who are still under attack from government-backed Janjaweed militia . The five charges against al-Bashir include masterminding attempts to wipe out African tribes in the war-torn region with a campaign of murder , rape and deportation . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Nic Robertson in the Dutch city of The Hague , the prosecutor said : "  After three years I have strong evidence that al-Bashir is committing a genocide . I can not be blackmailed , I can not yield . Silence never helped the victims . Silence helped the perpetrators . The prosecutor should not be silent . " Read a transcript of the interview The judges must now decide whether to issue the warrant , although they have approved all 11 of Moreno-Ocampo 's previous submissions to the court . The indictment against al-Bashir marks the first time prosecutors at the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal have issued charges against a sitting head of state . Watch as ICC prosecutor targets al-Bashir " At a news conference Monday in Khartoum , Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Mohammed Taha rejected the authority of the ICC , saying Sudan was not a signatory to the court 's creation . "  Hence there is no legal obligation or power over Sudan , whether Sudanese organizations or citizens , " he said . Taha also called the charges an attempt to "  paralyze " his country . And Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad , Sudan 's ambassador to the United Nations , said his government would respond through legal , political and "  other means . " "  The limit is the sky for our retaliation , " he said . He said the country is not mobilizing its military , but has been organizing demonstrations in support of al-Bashir . The United Nations said Monday it is evacuating non-essential staff from Darfur "  due to the recent deteriorating security situation , " but the joint African Union-U.N. peacekeeping mission in Darfur  UNAMID  vowed to maintain its operations . In his request , Moreno-Ocampo says there are reasonable grounds to believe al-Bashir bears criminal responsibility for five counts of genocide , two counts of crimes against humanity , and two counts of war crimes . The alleged crimes stem from a brutal counter-insurgency campaign the Sudanese government conducted after rebels began an uprising in Sudan 's western Darfur region in 2003 . The United States and much of the world has already characterized the campaign as genocide . The authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels draw strength . About 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates , and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes . Watch a tour of Darfur 's deserted Northern Corridor " But Mohamad said the prosecutor 's move could hurt the United Nations , which will still have to deal with Sudan 's government on issues related to Darfur and in the peace process in the country 's south , where a long-running civil war ended in 2005 . "  It will put the chief negotiator in a very awkward situation . How is he going to deal with an indicted president , " the ambassador said . "  How is the secretary-general going to do business regarding UNAMID with an indicted president ? " Moreno-Ocampo says al-Bashir targeted three ethnic groups living in the region -- including the Fur group , for whom Darfur is named -- solely on account of their ethnicity . Al-Bashir bears responsibility , Moreno-Ocampo says , because he sat at the apex of the government . "  For such crimes to be committed over a period of five years and throughout Darfur , al-Bashir had to mobilize and keep mobilized the whole state apparatus ; he had to control and direct perpetrators ; and he had to rely on a genocidal plan , " Moreno-Ocampo wrote as background for arrest warrant request . In Khartoum , a crowd of about 2,000 people greeted al-Bashir , who seized power in a 1989 coup , when he arrived for an emergency meeting of his Cabinet Sunday to discuss the charges . When he saw the crowd , al-Bashir climbed onto a pickup truck and pumped his fist in the air , whipping the group into a frenzy . Some held signs saying , "  You are joking ... Ocamp-who ? " and "  Death to America . " A high-ranking ambassador at the presidential palace called the possible prosecution stupid and malicious , and warned that the Sudanese people would see it as proof of a larger conspiracy against the country . Watch why Sudan 's leader has support in China " In 2005 , the Security Council cleared the way for possible war crimes prosecutions related to Darfur by the ICC , a permanent tribunal set up to handle prosecutions related to genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The court is based on a treaty signed by 106 nations -- excluding Sudan . The attacks in Darfur over the past five years have followed a common pattern , according to Moreno-Ocampo . Members of Sudan 's armed forces , often acting together with the militias and under al-Bashir 's command , singled out villages and towns inhabited by tribal groups . Troops and militia members shot and killed civilians , and sometimes the Sudanese air force was called in to bomb villages and towns in support of the ground forces , the prosecutor 's evidence says . Residents who fled were often chased and attacked or left to fend for themselves in the wilderness , the evidence says . The attacks , it says , undermined the ability of the targeted groups to survive in Darfur . The destruction of their homes scattered entire communities , and the pervasive rape and sexual violence against girls and women -- who are often targeted when they are out collecting firewood or water -- has torn families apart . Watch how UNICEF is trying to prevent rape in Darfur " "  They are raping women , raping girls , raping in groups -- raping to destroy the communities , " Moreno-Ocampo told CNN . "  Rape is a tool in the genocide -- the most important tool today . " The ICC has already indicted two men for Darfur crimes -- Ahmad Harun , Sudan 's former minister of the interior who is now in charge of humanitarian affairs for the Sudanese government and militia leader Ali Kushayb -- but neither has been brought to justice . Once the ICC indicts someone , authorities in that person 's native country -- or the country in which the indicted person is located -- have the power to detain the indicted person for trial at the Hague . Kushayb and Harun both remain in Sudan where they enjoy the protection of al-Bashir , Moreno-Ocampo said . Since they have not been arrested , the prosecutor says , it is unlikely al-Bashir will be -- and he says it will probably take a U.N. Security Council resolution for al-Bashir to be brought to justice . Senior Sudanese government leaders have previously told CNN that reports of atrocities in Darfur are exaggerated . "  Yes , there has been a war and some people have died , but it 's not like what has been reflected in the media , " Interior Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamid said last month . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Sudanese president charged with genocide for campaign of violence in Darfur Omar Hassan al-Bashir could be first sitting president to be indicted for genocide Sudanese official : Possible international prosecution stupid and malicious About 300,000 have died in Darfur , U.N. says ; 2.5 million forced from homes
Apostle Islands National Shoreline , Wisconsin  CNN  -- For thousands of years , waves on the largest of the Great Lakes have battered northwest Wisconsin , shaping the dramatic sandstone caves of the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore . But that punishment halted this winter when 93 % of Lake Superior froze , creating a spectacular icy landscape many locals say they have n't seen in a generation . It 's a serendipitous spinoff from the five Great Lakes being virtually frozen over this winter , a rare event that marks the arctic misery afflicting the Midwest . At one point , more than 90 % of the world 's largest surface freshwater system was frozen over , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said . That figure for the Great Lakes fell to 84 % as of Wednesday . The massive freeze , however , has created natural wonders . Bob Krumenaker , the National Park Service 's superintendent at Lakeshore , said there have been thousands of additional visitors flocking to ice caves . "  The caves form almost the same kind of features that you 'd find in an underground limestone cave -- the soda straws , the curtains , the stalactites -- but they 're all forming out of ice in just days and weeks instead of something that would form underground in limestone over hundreds of thousands of years , " he said . This season has easily been the busiest in terms of visitors : In the past two months , more than 120,000 people have made the roughly three-mile round-trip trek by foot over a frozen Lake Superior to see the ice formations and caves that will melt away in just a few weeks . Debbie Stumpf was one of the intrepid visitors Wednesday . She likened the experience to "  walking into a hall of gods . " "  How many chances do you have to lay on your back and look up at icicles ? " she said . The journey to the caves is a big part of the experience . "  I like that we have to walk so far out to get here . We 've seen some really unique people out here , " she said . Visitors have hailed from all over the world this winter , including China , Japan , Australia and Hungary , Krumenaker said . They all helped make this year the busiest in the history of the park , which received National Lakeshore status under the U.S. Department of the Interior in 1970 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The ice caves are spectacular this winter at Apostle Islands National Lakeshore The freezing of the Great Lakes has created a natural wonder More than 120,000 people walk three miles round-trip over a frozen Lake Superior The caves are like "  walking into a hall of gods , " visitor says
CNN  -- Jay Paterno , Penn State 's quarterbacks coach and son of legendary coach Joe Paterno , spoke out after weeks of public and personal challenges for his father . In an interview with ESPN on Friday , Jay Paterno spoke about his father 's recent diagnosis of lung cancer and the child rape allegations against an assistant coach that eventually ended Joe Paterno 's 46-year head coaching career . The younger Paterno said Friday that while his world has turned "  upside down " in the past two weeks , "  We 've got to make sure we keep focus on the victims of this whole tragedy . " Jay Paterno said he has n't spoken out publicly because his father 's health has been "  the big , main focus the last seven , eight days . " On Friday , his brother Scott said his father has a treatable form of lung cancer . The family learned of the diagnosis after Paterno 's follow-up visit last weekend for a bronchial illness , Scott Paterno said . "  He is currently undergoing treatment , and his doctors are optimistic that he will make a full recovery , " Scott Paterno said in a statement . "  As everyone can appreciate , this is a deeply personal matter for my parents , and we simply ask that his privacy be respected as he proceeds with treatment . " Penn state 's new president , Rod Erickson , issued a statement Saturday , saying , "  This is very unfortunate news and another sad note for our Penn State community . Our thoughts are with him and his family at this difficult time and we certainly pray for his speedy recovery . " Paterno , 84 , the all-time winningest football coach in Division I history , was fired last week amid an outcry over the handling of abuse claims involving former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky . Jay Paterno told ESPN that many members of the football staff were surprised to learn about the allegations against Sandusky . "  Most of us found out when investigators came and began to ask questions , because most of us knew so little we were n't even called to the grand jury , " Jay Paterno said . National outrage grew over Paterno 's reaction to a graduate assistant 's 2002 report that he had seen former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in the shower room of the football complex . Paterno said that he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report about sex abuse allegations , but that he nevertheless passed the allegations on to his boss . He said he had done "  what I was supposed to do . " In a later statement , he said "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " It was years before law enforcement learned about the allegation . Friday 's announcement coincided with news of an NCAA investigation at Penn State . "  This unprecedented situation demands the NCAA evaluate the university 's accountability " and application of NCAA bylaws , NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a letter to the school . CNN contributor Sara Ganim reported from Pennsylvania .	Joe Paterno 's son Jay : We must "  keep focus on the victims of this whole tragedy " Joe Paterno has a treatable form of lung cancer , his family says Paterno is the winningest coach in Division I college football history He has said he wished he had done more after hearing sex abuse allegation
CNN  -- Knowledge is said to be power . But as parents living in an information-driven age , we feel compelled to grasp all of the facts that bombard us . We are hyperinformed and ultraconscientious . We surf the Web , we read the books , we poll our friends . Yet in accumulating new insights , we are often left feeling confused and uncertain . The most vexing parenting decision my husband and I have faced thus far was whether to circumcise our son . Religious tradition was not a factor for us , as non-Jews , so instead we searched our consciences , weighing myriad factors such as aesthetics , tradition , hygiene , future sexual pleasure , and self-esteem -- lofty concepts indeed to contemplate for the unnamed bulge in my tummy , but contemplate them we did . This is why one evening , while bathing my 5-year-old son , I was thrown into a bubbly contemplative haze as he looked down at himself and shouted , "  I hate my foreskin ! " This was certainly not a sentence I ever imagined coming out of his mouth , but there it was .  And yes , he knows the actual word . He slid the skin on top of his penis to make himself appear circumcised . Had we made the wrong decision ? Some families do to their son whatever was done to the child 's father so father and son will look alike . In our case , my husband 's father was not circumcised due to a premature birth , and my husband was . My husband never felt particularly disturbed that he and his father were different in that area , so again , we were on our own . Empowered Patient : Should teens make own circumcision decision ? Our Los Angeles pediatrician , for whom we have great respect , Dr. Kimberly Klausner , had been very neutral on the subject . She told us that about half of the boys in her Beverly Hills practice were circumcised . She reiterated the American Academy of Pediatrics statement of 1999 , which states : "  Existing scientific evidence demonstrates potential medical benefits of newborn male circumcision ; however , these data are not sufficient to recommend routine neonatal circumcision . " Also worth noting is that not all health insurance companies cover routine circumcision . So religiously , cosmetically , and medically , there seemed to be no compelling reason for us to circumcise . At that point , I was at a loss -- no , not penis envy , but I had never seen an uncircumcised penis . Yet to circumcise simply because that was familiar to me seemed unfair to my son . My husband , in weighing the arguments , kept coming back to an encounter we had with Dr. Paul Fleiss , one of the pediatricians that we had initially interviewed when choosing a doctor years before . Fleiss wrote the book , "  What Your Doctor May Not Tell You About Circumcision . " He is the country 's leading pediatric advocate for not circumcising . His writings stressed the significance of foreskin in sexual pleasure , pointing out that "  the foreskin is an organ " that contains "  a rich concentration of blood vessels and nerve endings . " As I considered that , my mind flashed to my liberal arts college 's Women 's Studies classes ' literature about female circumcision being used in some countries for the precise reason of decreasing sexual pleasure . We would never in a million years consider circumcising a girl , so why should we do so to our son ? We chose not to . Until the bubble bath incident , I had been comfortable with our decision , even secretly proud of it . I had a small moment of panic in 2006 when a National Institutes of Health AIDS study discussing circumcision as a significant factor in AIDS prevention in Africa was reported in The New York Times . I hoped the medical community was n't going to change its mind , as by then my son was already 2 , his foreskin intact . When he was 4 , I noticed he very often he retracted his foreskin , and once while so doing said , "  Look , Mommy , like Sam . " Sam was a circumcised friend whom he had seen while changing clothes . I realized that most of the boys my son had seen naked -- cousins and friends at preschool -- looked different . Most were circumcised , including his father . Why , I wondered , were all these other boys circumcised ? I decided to informally poll a few moms to find out how they decided . Hilary , in her work as a journalist , had seen an inadequately skilled first-year resident perform the procedure . She vowed that should she ever have sons , she would not circumcise . Years later , her Jewish husband told her that "  he wanted his son to have the chance to be Jewish . " Hilary deferred to that . She chose a mohel who had circumcised 10,000 boys to do the procedure . Yet she said she had to leave the house during the bris . Hilary said when she read about the NIH AIDS study in 2006 , she was delighted to learn there could be additional public health benefits to circumcision . Liza told me that she regrets having her son circumcised . "  It was hard for us to justify doing it other than that it was something that he  my husband  and I understood . " Her son 's circumcision was botched . The doctor had trouble with the clamp in the procedure , and , at 3 months old , her son had to have surgery by a urologist in order to be re-circumcised . Another friend , Alison , said , "  I always said that the penis was his  her husband 's  department . He wanted our son to look like him . But I am really glad my son was circumcised . It is hard enough to get him to wash at all , so if there were one more layer to it , I ca n't imagine . " Finally , I asked Klausner again , as I knew she recently had her own son . She told me : "  I had him circumcised for religious reasons , in a very traditional service . I felt very uncomfortable about it , but it was a faith-based decision , not a rational , medical one . If it were not part of my faith , I do n't think I would do it . " Back to the bubble bath : After my son stopped screaming I told him that Mommy and Daddy had made the best decision about his body they could , because he was too little to ask . "  We did n't want them to cut your body when you were a tiny baby , " I explained . Then , I cringed imagining him at the pool asking some unsuspecting circumcised boy why his parents would let them cut his body when he was a tiny baby . Confronting our circumcision decision over and over has been humbling . My one conclusion : In parenting , and in life , there is never a clear answer . Most big decisions are based in faith , be it religious faith or faith in ourselves . If we have either of those as parents , then no matter which way the trend swings , or what the studies prove over time , we can , at the very least , live with the knowledge that we did what we thought was the best for our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee Rose Emery .	Couple considered religion , medicine and aesthetics in circumcision decision NIH study discussed circumcision as a factor in AIDS prevention in Africa "  Confronting our circumcision decision over and over has been humbling , " says Emery
CNN  -- For the Obama administration , yesterday 's gaffe may be tomorrow 's masterstroke . The idea that Secretary of State John Kerry said would never work now appears to be the best chance of averting a U.S. military strike on Syria , and the Obama administration moved on Tuesday to stake its claim on the proposal . It started early on Monday , when Kerry broached the idea of Syria handing its arsenal of chemical weapons to international control . But Kerry immediately dismissed the idea , saying Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad "  is n't about to do it , and it ca n't be done , obviously . " Shortly after , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov announced that Moscow would be willing to support it , and his Syrian counterpart quickly welcomed the concept . With the administration fighting an uphill battle to win support from Congress for military action , a U.S. official told CNN on condition of anonymity that Kerry 's remarks were a "  major goof . " Kerry spokeswoman Jen Psaki sought to roll back the comments , saying he was simply responding to a "  hypothetical . " But by Monday evening , President Barack Obama called it a welcome development "  if true , " warning that it could n't be used as an opportunity for Syria to stall for time . Obama told CNN that the threat of American force "  has prompted some interesting conversations , " including one he had with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Group of 20 economic summit Putin hosted in St. Petersburg . "  When I was at the G20 , we had some time to discuss this , and I believe that Mr. Putin does not see the use of chemical weapons as a good thing inside of Syria or anyplace else , " Obama said . And by Tuesday morning , Kerry told the House Armed Services Committee that the Russian plan "  is not something that , you know , suddenly emerged , though it did publicly . " "  President Putin raised the issue with President Obama at St. Petersburg . President Obama directed us to try to continue to talk and see if it is possible , " he said . The plan appears to have taken on "  a life of its own " in the past day and could help Washington and Moscow reach "  a mutually face-saving solution , " said Andrew Kuchins , director of the Russia and Eurasia Program and the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  This is really a rabbit out of a hat , " Kuchins said . For Obama , with Americans largely opposed to yet another military action in the Middle East , "  this is the way to at least buy some time and get diplomacy back in the game and in the front seat . " And Russia -- Syria 's leading ally -- does n't want "  to be viewed as the defenders of the user of chemical weapons , and Vladimir Putin would rather aspire to winning the Nobel Peace Prize , " Kuchins said . A senior Obama administration official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Monday 's developments were n't pre-planned , but were an example of diplomacy in real time . Lavrov and Kerry had discussed the idea over the weekend ; the two spoke again after Kerry 's comments on Monday in a previously scheduled call , when Lavrov told Kerry he would make a public proposal based on the American 's remarks . But Kuchins said Tuesday 's explanation is "  almost not at all " believable . "  I would hope that our two governments had talked about the possibility of cooperation and dealing with the Syrian chemical weapons arsenal . I do n't doubt that that 's come up in conversations , " he said . "  But to suggest that President Obama and Putin were talking seriously about this ? They only talked for 20 minutes or so at the G20 , and there has to be time for interpretation . " Kuchins cautioned that reaching agreement on a U.N. resolution to close the deal will be difficult , and implementing an agreement "  is going to be much more difficult . " But he added , "  We 'll see how it goes . " Perhaps more will be known after Thursday . That 's when Kerry travels to Geneva to meet with Lavrov to begin discussions on a possible deal , according to senior State Department officials . Kerry will be accompanied by a team of experts at the talks , which are expected to take place in several sessions over two days . The officials cautioned that the negotiations may not be concluded in Geneva and any agreement would be presented to the United Nations for consideration as a resolution . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	How did John Kerry 's so-called "  major goof " turn into a possible solution to Syrian crisis ? Syria accepts proposal to hand chemical weapons over to international control This is diplomacy in real time , says administration official Next step for Kerry will be trip to Geneva to meet with Russian counterpart
Kenya swore in its youngest-ever president Tuesday before a massive crowd , including numerous heads of state and American civil rights activist Jesse Jackson . Uhuru Kenyatta became the country 's fourth president after a prolonged election dispute that ended up in the Kenyan Supreme Court . Tens of thousands of people packed a Nairobi stadium Tuesday to watch the inauguration . Jackson , a former U.S. presidential candidate , attended the festivities as a private guest . Kenyatta , the 51-year-old son of Kenya 's founding leader , won the election with 50.07 % of the vote . His chief rival , Raila Odinga , won 43.31 % of the vote . Odinga challenged the outcome in court , saying it was flawed and marred by technical problems . After the court upheld Kenyatta 's election , Odinga offered the president-elect his congratulations . "  The court has now spoken , " Odinga said . "  I wish the president-elect and his team well . " Political dynasty Kenyatta and Odinga are the sons of the nation 's first president and vice president , respectively -- stirring memories of a political dynasty that dates back to the 1960s . Their fathers started out as allies in the quest for Kenyan independence from Britain . But the elder politicians ' relationship ended in bad blood when founding President Jomo Kenyatta forced out his vice president , Jaramogi Odinga , following a series of disputes . A new opportunity for Kenya Despite controversy over the recent election results , the mutual acceptance by the two sons could help restore the nation 's image as a bastion of stability after disputed election results in 2007 led to bloody chaos . In that election , more than 1,200 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced after Odinga disputed the results , which showed incumbent President Mwai Kibaki as the winner . At the time , supporters of both candidates battled in the streets with crude weapons , not in court . Complicated relations But the upholding of Kenyatta 's victory raises the prospect of complicated diplomatic ties with the West . The International Criminal Court has indicted him for allegedly funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks in the last election in 2007 . His running mate , William Ruto , also faces ICC charges at The Hague , in the Netherlands . Both have denied the charges and have said they will cooperate with the court to clear their names . Clashes kill 2 in Western Kenya after election verdict Beyond borders Kenya is East Africa 's biggest economy and a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent . It provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudan and South Sudan . Kenya is also a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region and has remained relatively peaceful amid civil wars in neighboring nations .	Uhuru Kenyatta is Kenya 's fourth and youngest president Rival Raila Odinga had challenged the election results in court Odinga accepted the results and offered his congratulations to Kenyatta The most recent election follows a bloody aftermath to a 2007 vote
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The villagers ' faces light up as Evans Wadongo arrives . Men , women and children sing and gather around as he shows how his invention -- a solar-powered LED lantern -- will soon light up their homes . "  These families , they are so poor . They do n't have electricity , " said Wadongo , a native of rural Kenya . "  It 's only kerosene and firewood that they use for lighting , cooking . "  The amount of money that every household uses to buy kerosene every day -- if they can just save that money , they can be able to buy food . " Wadongo , 23 , not only is giving his country 's rural families a way to replace the smoky kerosene and firelight with solar power , he says he also hopes his invention will ultimately improve education and reduce poverty and hunger . And he 's providing it for free . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes The youngest of four children , Wadongo grew up in a home that stressed the importance of education -- his father was a high school teacher . But years of exposure to smoke while studying by kerosene and firelight left Wadongo with eyesight problems . With a lack of good light to study by -- Wadongo often had to share one lantern with his siblings and other family members -- he remembers the frustration of unfinished homework and poor exam performance . "  I could n't compete effectively with other kids who had access to lighting , " he said . "  In every home in the village it was the same . Many children drop out of school for these reasons ... so they remain poor for the rest of their life . All along I was asking myself if there is anything that can be done to improve this situation . " In 2004 , while attending a Kenyan university for agriculture and technology , Wadongo found his answer . He was fiddling with a dorm experiment involving the timing of LED  light-emitting diode  Christmas lights when it struck him : The environmentally friendly light source could be used to light rural homes . "  I knew it would have to be sourced by the sun to be useful to people in rural areas , " he said , "  but -LSB- I -RSB- had never seen a solar panel small enough for individual homes . " Then , while walking home from visiting a friend , Wadongo stumbled upon a broken-off piece of a discarded solar panel . With it , he was able to light a small number of LEDs . His project -- Use Solar , Save Lives -- was born . "  I immediately knew the impact that -LSB- it -RSB- would have on the rural communities , " he said . An artisan helped him design the solar lantern , which Wadongo calls MwangaBora -- Swahili for "  good light . " To help get the project started , Wadongo 's family and friends subsidized his student loans for two years . Production of the lanterns was slow until Wadongo attended a leadership training program sponsored by the nonprofit Sustainable Development for All-Kenya . When the group heard about his MwangaBora , it immediately committed to help , eventually bringing Wadongo on as a partner and chairman of the board . The group has helped reduce production costs to $ 20 per lantern . Costs are covered by donations . Volunteers help build the lanterns and work with local government and women 's groups to determine the communities most in need . The group sets a small percentage of the cost of each lamp to go toward the volunteers . "  We 're helping them to earn a living . They 're able now to sustain their families , " he said . Wadongo works on the lantern project full time without pay and eats only one meal a day to help save money and build more lanterns . He said he expects costs to decrease further as the program grows . The group buys excess pieces of solar paneling , cut from commercially sold panels , in bulk from an overseas company . In an outdoor metal shop , Wadongo and volunteers hammer scrap metal for the frame of the lantern . Wadongo estimates he 's distributed 10,000 lanterns -- and he has no plans for slowing down . "  I want to reach out to as many rural communities as possible , " he said . "  The impact is saving lives . " Children can now study . Households can buy food with the money they save on kerosene , reducing hunger in communities . The solar lanterns help reduce carbon emissions , too . Wadongo said that when the time and need arises , he intends to service , replace and recycle his lanterns . For villager Julia Dzame and her three children , life will change dramatically thanks to Wadongo and his solar lantern . "  I am so grateful for the lights , " she said . "  My children will have light to read , and I 'll have my own light to cook in the kitchen . No more sickness brought -LSB- on -RSB- by smoke . " For Wadongo , the satisfaction comes in knowing that he 's helping to lift people out of poverty . "  I just feel like it 's right , " he said . Want to get involved ? Check out the Use Solar , Save Lives Web site and see how to help .	A 23-year-old Kenyan 's solar-powered LED lantern helps light rural homes With help of nonprofit , he estimates he 's distributed 10,000 lanterns -- for free Villagers can buy food with money saved on kerosene , firewood , he says Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The FBI announced Thursday its agents are looking for a letter , this one directed to the Central Intelligence Agency , that it believes was similar to at least three other letters that contained ricin . Letters were sent to a federal judge , a Spokane post office , President Barack Obama and Fairchild Air Force Base , the FBI said . Tests are being conducted on the letter sent to Fairchild Air Force Base to determine whether it -- like those other three letters -- contained ricin . The letter sent to the CIA was "  addressed in a manner consistent with the first four envelopes " and went to "  a location that does not receive mail deliveries . " As of Thursday evening , authorities have not been able to locate this letter . It was not immediately clear how they knew about its existence . Eight days ago , 37-year-old Matthew Ryan Buquet was arrested as part of the investigation into the aforementioned letter sent to U.S. District Court Judge Fred Van Sickle . That letter contained a message threatening to kill and injure the judge . Both that letter and one sent to a Spokane post office were intercepted on May 14 , while the letters to Obama and Fairchild Air Force Base were tracked down on May 22 . The four envelopes that authorities have in their possession were all postmarked out of Spokane on May 13 , the FBI said . Each one of them had addresses handwritten in red ink . The bureau said it believes the fifth letter -- written to the Central Intelligence Agency at its headquarters in McLean , Virginia -- was likely postmarked the same day and also had red ink on its envelope . The FBI 's announcement Thursday out of Washington state came the same day officials intercepted a letter addressed to Obama . The off-site facility that screens mail addressed to the White House turned the letter over to the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force for testing and investigation , U.S. Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said . This letter was similar to threatening letters sent to New York Mayor Bloomberg and the gun-control group he founded . Preliminary tests indicate ricin was in those latter letters , New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said Wednesday . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours because of the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote for the toxin , which is derived from castor beans .	The FBI says four similar letters were postmarked the same day , with similar ink Tests show three of those letters had ricin ; tests are pending on the fourth one The FBI is looking for a letter that was directed to the CIA All five letters are believed to have been sent from Spokane around May 13
CNN  -- British tabloids have led a feeding frenzy of international media coverage that started weeks ahead of Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge 's Australasian visit , but the New Zealand media have been slower to smell the blood . Local coverage of the celebrity couple 's 10-day visit that starts April 7 has been respectful but largely reactive in its attempts to inspire the same degree of public adulation for British royalty last seen here 31 years ago . That was in 1983 , when 10-month-old Prince William visited New Zealand for the first time with his parents Prince Charles and Princess Diana . The young prince was just a few weeks older then than his son Prince George will be on this visit . The lacklustre coverage is understandable given the absence of any real angles until the New Zealand leg of the Australasian tour actually begins and the international media scrum starts seriously jostling for saleable scoops . Other factors include the shrinking sizes of newsrooms and the fact that many of the royal stories run have been "  handed to the media on an official plate , " as one senior editor put it . And , regardless of whether New Zealanders these days are royalists or republicans , they also have a strong distaste for the sensationalist diet of royal reporting the British are so used to being fed . Until this weekend , the biggest royal media story has been the furore following a former British protection officer 's comments that the release of maps of public viewing points for the royal tour was effectively "  a manual for terrorists . " Newspapers , television and radio have otherwise been rolling out a steady stream of "  easy click " soft stories and pretty photos , as much to score rating points as to genuinely slake the perceived thirst here for information about the "  it-couple " whose international popularity is at an all-time high . Some editors quietly bemoan the fact that the "  easy words and easy pictures " royal coverage is out of proportion to public interest which would be better served with more coverage of the upcoming budget , national elections and recently plummeting prices for the some of the country 's main dairy export products . How much New Zealanders are really hankering to see the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their much adored eight-month-old George ca n't be accurately gauged until the crowds do , or do n't , choke the streets . Either way , the media is prepared , on paper at least , for the trio who , royal roots aside , have attained pop star status , in particular in the United States . Official media briefings around the country have been full , and of the 450 media accredited to cover the tour , nearly three quarters are local . Editors planning nationwide radio , television and newspaper coverage as well as around-the-clock online and social media content are all throwing maximum resources at the tour . The commitment is , of course , as much about beaming stories and photos of the royals to the rest of the world as it is to satisfying New Zealand audiences . It is also a priceless opportunity to promote tourism by showcasing images of New Zealand 's natural beauty along with those of the beautiful couple and the loveable third-in-line to the British throne . Fairfax Media , one of the country 's two biggest media chains , will have staff at every royal event . "  That 's not necessarily because its news . But if something went wrong , you have to be there , " said Fairfax 's national content editor , Kevin Norquay . Sources close to officials managing the royal visit say they are optimistically expecting "  a bit of hysteria . " During Prince William 's first New Zealand visit , the sight of him being set loose to crawl on the lawns of Government House in Auckland with an iconic Kiwi Buzzy Bee toy touched people 's hearts . When I covered that visit , there was still a collective sense of pride among most New Zealanders at welcoming members of "  our royal family " whose mother and grandmother was "  our Queen . " When William , Kate and George visit this week , New Zealanders who choose to connect with them will do so on various levels , many of them with little regard for any loyalty to royalty . There is no doubt that an empathetic William endeared himself again to New Zealanders when he made a special trip here in 2011 to meet families of the victims of that year 's devastating Christchurch earthquake and of the 2010 Pike River Coal Mine disaster . Public interest will be high in Kate who is visiting New Zealand for the first time on the couple 's first official overseas visit with George . What could be more feel-good than a pretty , well-dressed "  princess " toting her beautiful baby ? A referendum within the next three years will decide whether New Zealanders will change their national flag , which has included Britain 's Union Jack for more than 100 years . Public opposition to changing the flag has grown over the past few years to just over 50 % of people polled , with half of those who were polled between the ages of 18 to 39 being opponents . New Zealand 's indigenous people , the Maori , have always had a close connection with the British Royal Family , partly because of a historic and often abrogated treaty signed by Maori in the 19th century with representatives of Queen Victoria . This year , however , the Maori King has declined to see the Duke and Duchess because he believed their diary allowed too little time for traditional ritual . The crowds that turn out to catch a glimpse of the royals are likely to include a higher proportion of rubber-neckers , anti-royalists and people who just go ga-ga over good-looking , blue-blooded babies than of true-blue royalists . READ : Prince George 's first royal tour : The kid 's a natural READ : Royal jet-set : Why Prince George is going long-haul	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George arrive in New Zealand April 7 It will be the first visit Down Under for the 8-month-old Prince and his mother Deborah Telford says NZ media has not embraced the feeding frenzy of UK tabloids She says while interest may be high it does n't necessarily mean the population is royalist
CNN  -- The bodies of two men -- both decapitated and showing signs of torture -- were found early Sunday in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , the state attorney general 's office said . The victims were found in the Colony of Los Nogales neighborhood in Ciudad Juarez , Chihuahua . Their hands and feet had been bound with duct tape , state attorney general 's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . Investigators were still working on identifying the victims , Sandoval said . Attached to the bodies were two notes from a drug cartel , Sandoval said . He would not elaborate on what was written on the notes . "  This phenomenon -LSB- of violence -RSB- here ... we 've been seeing it , and living it in Juarez for the last two years , " Sandoval said . The killings were the latest in a nearly four-year-old eruption of drug-related violence in Juarez and surrounding Chihuahua state . At least 883 people have been killed in drug-fueled violence in Juarez this year , officials say . According to a report released in April by the Mexican government , Chihuahua is the country 's hardest-hit state by drug violence , with more than 6,757 people killed since the start of the drug war at the end of 2006 . But despite local reports and contrary to popular belief , the violence in Juarez has lessened recently , said Sandoval . "  Before we had 10 homicides a day , now we have six . This has been constant for the last two years . It comes and goes , " he added . The body of another man was found Sunday morning dumped in front of a church in the Valley of Juarez two miles outside Juarez proper , Sandoval said . Drug cartels often dump bodies in front of churches in Juarez as a tactic to intimidate priests from repeating details of drug violence heard during confessionals . On Friday in the Valley of Juarez , six men were killed after they were shot by assailants and their van crashed into a kindergarten , municipal police department spokesman Jacinto Seguro said . Two others involved in the crash , identified by police as Enrique Torres , 33 , and Francisco Manuel Torres , 26 , were injured and were still recuperating in a hospital , according to state prosecutors . "  We have not had a chance to interview them yet , but we will . We 're waiting for them to recuperate before we start the interrogation process , " Sandoval said . "  But we have already started the investigation , " he added .	Notes from drug cartel attached to tortured , decapitated bodies of two men Body of another man found Sunday morning in front of church outside Juarez , spokesman says Discoveries come two days after six men shot , killed as van crashes into kindergarten At least 883 people killed in drug-fueled violence in Juarez this year , officials say
WIRED  -- Microsoft showed off a host of visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing Wednesday , in hopes that better packaging will help it eat away at Google 's online dominance . "  We are neck-to-neck in terms of search quality , " said Bing head Satya Nadella . "  Why would an end user , if you are neck to neck on search quality , use Bing ? That 's the question we ask ourselves every day . " The answer the company is betting is a combination of a prettier interface , results informed by what your friends think , and focussing on helping people do things faster , whether that 's finding a product review or buying an airline ticket . Wednesday 's announcements includes a new mobile app for Android and the iPhone , that brings some of the design feel of Windows Phone 7 to their competitors ' devices , along with some nifty maps , real time bus directions , and an easy way to make beautiful panoramas . You can also easily make reservations via OpenTable and take a virtual tour of a restaurant 's interior when a restaurant shows up in map search results . Microsoft also redesigned its browser-based image search and maps , reducing the latter 's reliance on the Silverlight plug-in and instead doing more with the power of modern browsers and HTML5 . Traditional search also got a slight makeover , with visual changes being made to how results are returned for musical artists , destinations and movies , among other types of search . One particularly good new search result that Microsoft demoed , but which is not yet live , is for movies that are no longer playing in theaters . The Movie page for that movie will , like those for in-theater movies , show you a preview and links to reviews . But it substitutes direct , deep links to places to watch the movie online , including Netflix , for the typical showtime listings . Bing now has 11.8 % of the U.S. search market , a 48 % hump growth since Bing replaced Live search in the summer of 2009 , according to Nadell . But even better , he said , is that Bing is now gaining adherents , particularly younger users , who like its visual emphasis , use the site regularly and perhaps , most importantly , recommend it to other people . WIRED : Picture this -- Google chases Bing Certainly , its rival Google has taken notice of Bing 's visual splashiness -- and even disastrously tried to imitate the background images on its famously sparse search home page , only to cut short the trial within hours . Google also revamped its image search earlier this year , clearly imitating Bing 's innovations . While Google 's visual search technology still trumps Bing 's when it comes to identifying images , Bing 's new UI makes it very easy to browse through large images , not just thumbnails . Perhaps most importantly , Bing now has a partnership with Facebook , and one out of five Bing users are candidates for "  instant personalization , " since they are logged into Facebook and have n't chosen to opt-out . What that meant for searchers when the partnership launched in October was n't much . For instance , if you search for "  how to quiet a baby " and one of your friends on Facebook has liked one of the articles that shows up in the search results , you will see their picture next to that result . But now Bing is going further . When you search for say "  Tron " , Bing actually looks into what your friends are interested in , finds stories they have liked via little "  Like " buttons all over the net , and then inserts that into the top results -- even if that story would n't have shown up in Bing 's natural search results . WIRED : Firefox 4 adds Bing to list of search engines That could turn into a huge advantage for Bing , if over time there is enough information in social networking profiles to really make search better . "  Even if only a small percentage of queries have moments where the social graph informs and improves search results , it 's a huge difference , " Nadella said , adding that it is only the beginning of using social sites like Facebook to improve search . Facebook , which sees Google as its biggest rival , is unlikely to share its core user data with Google , which itself is at work on a social add-on to its services . Overall , Microsoft 's emphasis on finding new ways to group information and make doing things easier seems to be stealing a page from its old rival Apple . Design matters . Since Google 's design sense heavily relies on minimalism , that leaves lots of room for Microsoft  and its search partner Yahoo  to experiment with alternative , graphics-heavy designs . Being in second place also lets Microsoft play with new visual approaches to search faster than Google can , as there are fewer users who will get upset when the location of a link moves . WIRED : Bing will add video , animation to homepage Microsoft did n't announce anything today on par with Google 's recent announcement of "  Instant Search , " a huge engineering feat that lets users see search results before even finishing typing their query . But Microsoft showed today they are still in the lucrative search game , even if they are n't making money at it yet , and if you have n't used Bing in recent months , it 's definitely worth giving it another test spin . You might like what you see . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Microsoft shows off visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing Managers hopes better packaging will help it eat away at Google 's online dominance "  We are neck-to-neck in terms of search quality , " says Bing head Satya Nadella
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho has extended his contract at Serie A champions Inter Milan by 12 months until June 2012 , killing off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid . Coach Mourinho has signed an extended deal ending fears he could wave goodbye to Inter Milan . Former Chelsea supremo Mourinho took charge at Italian giants Inter a year ago following the departure of Roberto Mancini and has just guided the club to their fourth straight scudetto . They also won the Italian Super Cup , but were eliminated by defending champions Manchester United in the first knockout round of the Champions League . A statement on the Inter Web site read : "  In response to the wish of the coach to continue the project started together a year ago , a wish welcomed with pleasure by the club as a sign of attachment and winning spirit , FC Internazionale announces the extension of Jose Mourinho 's contract until 30 June 2012 . " Mourinho had promised the fans more titles would be on the after lifting his first Italian title , but the eal issue refused to go away until Monday 's statement . When asked about the chance he could leave Inter , Mourinho had earlier told the club Web site : "  There is still a 0.01 %  chance  . But for me this is not an important number , it just means that I am closer to Inter than to Real . "  I am satisfied with the relationship with the fans and with my players . I repeat , I am closer to staying at Inter than going elsewhere . " Those comments failed to impress Inter president Massimo Moratti , but the extended contract has settled any differences . Mourinho made his mark at Porto in 2004 when he led the Portuguese team to the Champions League title , beating Monaco 3-0 in the final , before moving to Chelsea . At Stamford Bridge he claimed the Premier League title in each of his first two seasons and the FA Cup the following campaign , but left the club in September 2007 . Not all Inter fans have warmed to the Portuguese since his arrival in Milan last summer . He has been involved in several disagreements with the Italian media and his style of play has has not endeared him to parts of the Nerazzurri faithful .	Jose Mourinho has extended his contract with Serie A champions Inter Milan The decision kills off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid Former Chelsea supremo now contracted with Italian club until 30 June 2012
CNN  -- Australian tourist Michael Smith says he was eating lunch in a restaurant in Tibet 's capital , Lhasa , on Friday when he heard an explosion and saw smoke . Video shot by an Australian tourist shows protesters in the streets of Lhasa , Tibet , last week . As armored vehicles and trucks carrying Chinese soldiers rushed past , Smith started videotaping . "  We 're standing here in the middle of Lhasa and the place has just -LSB- expletive -RSB- exploded , " Smith narrated during the rioting . Smith , who was traveling in Tibet when anti-Chinese rioting broke out Friday , returned home this week with dramatic video of the violence in the Tibetan capital , Lhasa , which aired on Australian TV on Wednesday . Watch Smith 's video of chaos in streets " Tibetan exile groups maintain at least 80 people were killed by Chinese security forces that day , but Chinese authorities insist they acted with restraint and killed no one . Instead , China says 13 "  innocent people " were killed , some brutally burned , by the Tibetan rioters . No apparent deaths or injuries were seen on the video , which Smith shared with Australia 's ABC News , a CNN affiliate . The video shows Tibetans smashing windows and setting fire to Chinese shops and cars , while people are heard cheering . It also shows Chinese security forces , but no clashes between them and the rioters . "  It 's absolute mayhem on the streets , " Smith said . Other video released of the rioting was broadcast by the Chinese government 's CCTV , and it did not include pictures of Chinese security forces . Smith said as he made his way back to his hotel on Friday , he "  met so many Tibetan people on the streets , so many young Tibetan boys just screaming for Tibet 's freedom . " "  We do n't have any freedoms , " one young Tibetan male shouted to Smith 's camera . "  The Tibetan people are going crazy , " Smith said . See protests around the world over Tibet " Many of the businesses targeted by the rioters were operated by Han Chinese , China 's largest ethnic group . The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , has blamed the violent protests on deep resentment fueled by Chinese treatment of Tibetans as "  second-class citizens in their own land . " Tibetan activists said an influx of Han Chinese from other provinces is threatening their ancient culture . While many of these "  Free Tibet " activists demand independence from China , the Dalai Lama said he wants only "  genuine autonomy " so that Tibetans can preserve their heritage . Watch Tibetans on horseback storm a Chinese town " Meanwhile , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday that more than 100 people surrendered themselves to police and admitted involvement in the clashes last week in Lhasa . Tibet 's regional government said 105 people had turned themselves in to authorities by 11 p.m. Tuesday  1:15 p.m. ET  , Xinhua said . Authorities had urged those who participated in the protests to turn themselves in , offering them leniency if they did . "  Those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , " Xinhua quoted a police notice as saying . E-mail to a friend	Michael Smith shot video of anti-Chinese rioting in Lhasa , Tibet , last week The Australian tourist videotaped Tibetans smashing windows , setting fires Once home , Smith shared his video with Australia 's ABC News
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Another aftershock rocked Haiti on Friday . Buildings shook . People looked around to see what else might fall . Then they returned to what they had been doing . At a park in the capital that has become a tent city , a group of kids resumed their soccer game . Aftershocks have become a way of life in this devastated country along with so many other life-threatening challenges . The aftershocks -- smaller earthquakes that follow a more powerful one -- "  will continue for months , if not years , " the U.S. Geological Survey said . "  The frequency of events will diminish with time , but damaging earthquakes will remain a threat . " The quake Friday morning had a magnitude of 4.4 , the Geological Survey said . That makes it much less powerful than the 7.0-magnitude quake that struck 10 days ago , leaving widespread death and destruction in its wake . An earthquake on Wednesday was the strongest aftershock so far , with a magnitude of 5.9 . An earthquake that size is strong enough to cause "  considerable " damage , the Geological Survey said , though the extent of damage that any earthquake causes depends on many factors , including its depth , proximity to dense population centers , and the strength of structures where it hits . An American adoption service provider in Haiti wrote in a blog that the aftershock Wednesday sent "  a wall tumbling down on our heads . " Save the Children said its staff "  heard already-weakened structures collapsing " as a result . Yet the 7.0-magnitude quake was more than 40 times stronger than the 5.9-magnitude aftershock , researchers said . While each new earthquake can slow relief efforts , those efforts were advancing Friday , including at the port , where critical supplies are being shipped in . Full coverage | Twitter updates The city 's south pier was operating , though slowly . Authorities pushed Friday to clear the bottlenecks at the port . The north pier remained unusable , and the south pier is the smaller of the two . Bottlenecks at all points of entry -- the airport , roads , and ports -- have delayed food and medical aid to the estimated 3 million Haitians affected by the quake . About 120 to 140 flights a day were coming into the single-runway Port-au-Prince airport , compared with 25 a day just after the quake struck last week . The USNS Comfort , a U.S. naval hospital off the coast , received about 240 patients over 36 hours , said Capt. James Ware , the commanding officer . "  Most of those individuals are critical care types of injuries , " he told CNN 's "  American Morning . " At least 72,000 people have been confirmed dead in the quake , according to Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? As aid moves more quickly , those Haitians who made it through the quake with their health will have increased access to necessities such as food and water . More than 300 aid distribution sites are up and running , a senior U.S. administration official said . Rescuers continue efforts to find survivors who have defied the odds . A group of rescuers told CNN on Friday that each rescue gives them hope to keep working . "  We 're still searching , we 're still out there . ... And we 'll continue doing that until the Haitian government and the local governments here decide that we 're going to be going into a transition , " said Capt. Louis Fernandez of Miami-Dade Urban Search and Rescue . His colleague Danny Whu said , "  The window is rapidly closing . These people , the ones who are entrapped without the ability of receiving food or water , they have to withstand heat indexes at or near triple digits . ... The body may survive a lot of days without food , but definitely they need water . " Impact Your World International aid contributions since the quake have totaled hundreds of millions of dollars . U.S. spending for relief in Haiti has hit $ 170 million , the federal government announced Thursday .	Aftershocks in Haiti "  will continue for months , if not years , " scientists say 4.4-magnitude quake shakes Haiti on Friday , 10 days after monster 7.0 quake Aftershocks becoming routine to Haitians , but can be dangerous , experts warn Relief efforts in Haiti advancing as pier , airport gradually improve
New Brunswick , New Jersey  CNN  -- September 11 was a tragedy so immense that it has sent ripples , and sometimes tidal waves , through the past 10 years . In the big picture , since 9/11 , we have become engaged in two armed conflicts , seen thousands of American soldiers die , aided countries that have been attacked by terrorists and are now living in an age where trust in government is an oxymoron . On Main Street , the broken families left behind after the dust cleared on 9/11 have been living in the shadow of that terrible memory , that terrible loss , for a decade . Some are prevailing while others are struggling , but all are struck by the loss each day . We journalism students have been interviewing children of the victims of September 11 to see how they are doing 10 years on . I interviewed a brother and sister in Colonia , New Jersey . They shared so much with me . It 's hard to write about such a sensitive subject and not want to include every minute detail . So I 'm focusing on what it is that has gotten these two through the past 10 years . When all of our stories are published in September , I think readers are really going to know these children through their experiences . In that way , I hope the children receive respect and recognition for their great achievement of moving forward over the past decade . I signed up for the 9/11 Project because it was a hands-on course in narrative journalism that would produce a documentary film and my byline in newspapers . September 11 affected me personally only slightly . At my church , some parishioners lost their son , a firefighter . Later , in November 2001 , someone broke into the church and burned our book of special intentions and an American flag standing next to it . Events like this and my observing how our society and our media have changed over the past decade make up my 9/11 experience . Since I was 12 on 9/11 , I remember the past 10 years very well . They have run parallel to my teenage years and college career , during which I became interested in journalism . The news of Osama bin Laden 's death obviously affects the stories we are writing . How could it not ? We are profiling people who lost a parent as a result of bin Laden 's commitment to terror . He was an evil man , without a doubt , and the families of those who died on September 11 can consider his death a piece of closure . But it 's not for us to say whether bin Laden 's death will help a fatherless teenager sleep better at night . I saw a Facebook status from a child of a September 11 victim this week . He wrote about bin Laden 's death . He was angry . He cursed bin Laden , and friends and family commented on it , agreeing with him . To them , he deserved a worse death . Osama bin Laden 's death obviously strikes a chord with the families of the victims , but it is n't a cure-all . I do n't know if it will help the difficult emotional process that all these families are going through . We 'll see how everything unfolds in the coming days , especially if the pictures are released . That will be a whole other story .	David Seamon was 12 during the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks He is not certain the families of those who died will ever find closure He is curious to hear how the family he is profiling reacts to Osama bin Laden 's death
CNN  On what would have been the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's 86th birthday , the Academy Awards decided to snub a beautiful film made about a seminal moment in his life . "  Selma " did pick up two nominations , including one for best picture . But when the Hollywood gods consider a film to be truly great , its actors and/or actresses , screenplay and particularly its director are also recognized . "  Selma " is a good film that told a great story , at least according to Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences voters . Those voters are 93 % white , 76 % male and the average age is 63 , according to a 2012 analysis by the Los Angeles Times . But did those demographics play a role in how "  Selma " was received ? True , the historical drama has been besieged by criticism over accuracy , particularly its portrayal of President Lyndon Johnson . In the film , King and Johnson are depicted as a lot more adversarial than the actual tapes of their conversation suggests . But it 's hard to see that being the reason for its snub : "  Gravity " was nominated for 10 Oscars , won seven , and yet you wo n't find an astronaut who would describe the film as accurate . And "  Dallas Buyer 's Club " was also a 2014 Oscar darling that sprinkled creative liberties all over a true story . Race could be invoked as a factor when you remember the email exchange between two top-level Sony executives that became public courtesy of "  The Interview " hack . In it they joked about the kind of movie President Obama prefers and then began listing only those starring black people . But the two were also unkind to Jeffrey Katzenberg in that same exchange . There were backstabbing remarks revealed in emails about Angelina Jolie and Adam Sandler as well . My point is -- and I 'm sure I 'm at risk of losing my black card for writing this -- when those same old , white men made "  12 Years A Slave " a favorite of the Oscars just a year ago , it is hard to say the snubbing of "  Selma " is all about the demographics of the voters . Some , sure . But all ? Remember , these people live in a land of make believe , where it 's normal for the inhabitants to be injected with silicone . Oscar snubbings could come from a thousand superficial reasons , like someone sleeping with or not sleeping with the right person at the right time . In a town full of gay men , the heart wrenching "  Brokeback Mountain " somehow lost out to the woefully mediocre "  Crash . " Leonardo DiCaprio 's trophy case continues to sit empty . And I will never understand how "  Shakespeare in Love " beat "  Saving Private Ryan " for best picture . Truth be told . my favorite film of 2014 was "  The Drop " and I do n't think that was nominated for anything by anyone . It would have been wonderful to see "  Selma " director Ava DuVernay become the first black female director nominated for an Oscar . She is incredibly talented and it is always nice to be recognized by peers . But I do not need her to win an Oscar to tell me how I should feel about "  Selma . " I do not need the Academy to tell me how I should spend my money at the movies . I do not need old , white men to validate a story so deeply personal and relevant to me today . That 's not to suggest Hollywood 's racism should not be called out . Only that the true story of Selma is much more than calling out racism . To paraphrase the acceptance speech Common gave at the Golden Globes on Sunday , "  Selma " the movie and Selma the historic marches are about the awakening of our humanity . The old guard at the Oscars has the power to snub "  Selma " for whatever reason it sees fit . But as a summer full of marches for the fight for equality reminded us , Hollywood has neither the power to snub nor the authority to validate Selma .	LZ : "  Selma 's " 2 Oscar nominations seen as a snub by some ; Academy voters mostly white He says calling out Hollywood racism fine , but it may not be the reasons for only 2 nods LZ : I do n't need Academy to tell me how I feel about Selma , which is about awakening humanity
CNN  -- India 's central bank cut key lending rates for the first time in three years on Tuesday in an aggressive effort to stimulate growth and boost investment at a time when the gloss is rapidly coming off Asia 's third largest economy . The Reserve Bank of India cut the repo rate -- the rate at which the central bank lends to commercial banks -- by 50 basis points to 8 per cent . The more-than-expected reduction was widely welcomed by business . After having increased interest rates 13 times since March 2010 , the RBI 's move reflects a shift in the bank 's policy from focusing exclusively on reining in inflation -- which at 6.89 per cent remains high -- to reviving the country 's slowing economy , which has been choked by its aggressive monetary tightening strategy . "  The rate cut shows that the attention has now shifted towards stimulating growth , there is no doubt about that , " said A Prasanna , an economist at ICICI securities . "  The RBI was worried about inflation but from the latest data we can see that it has come down and is somewhat under control . Now that inflation 's trajectory is downward the RBI is more confident to cut rates , " he added . The decision announced by Duvvuri Subbarao , India 's central bank governor , comes after China , Brazil and Indonesia moved to ease liquidity , as emerging economies try to shield themselves from the European debt crisis . Growth in the last quarter of 2011 was the slowest in nearly three years , rising 6.1 per cent in the three months to December 31 , compared to above 8 per cent a year earlier . Meanwhile , inflation has eased persistently over the last year . The wholesale price index rose 6.89 per cent in March -- below 7 per cent for the third consecutive time . Indian companies welcomed the move . Industrialists had been begging the central bank to cut rates over the last two years , as they blamed the RBI 's aggressive monetary tightening policy for stalling investment and damaging overall growth . Rajiv Kumar , director of the Federation of India Chamber of Commerce and Industry , said that the move would be overwhelming welcomed by business . "  We called for a bold move and finally we got a bold rate cut , " said Mr Kumar . However , he cautioned that a 50 basis point rate cut would not be enough to put the Indian economy back on strong growth track . He said that the government had to push through structural reforms to ease investment . "  The RBI has done its part now the government needs to do its part , " said Mr Kumar . "  Unfortunately they -LSB- the government -RSB- do n't inspire much confidence at the moment . " Economists warn that there will not be a wave of rate cuts in the following months , especially as inflation will remain a key concern for the central bank over the next three quarters .	India 's central bank cut key lending rates for the first time in three years Comes as the gloss is rapidly coming off Asia 's third largest economy
A Louisiana man claims in a new book that his biological father was the notorious Zodiac Killer of northern California , who 's still sought by authorities , publisher HarperCollins said Tuesday . The Zodiac serial killer is believed to have killed five people in 1968-69 and gained notoriety by writing several letters to police boasting of the slayings , with swatches of bloody clothing as proof of his claims . The serial killer claimed to have killed as many as 37 people and has never been caught . Now Gary L. Stewart , a vice president at the cleaning company Delta Tech Service in Baton Rouge , is recounting his decade-long search for his biological father and has concluded that man -- Earl Van Best , Jr. , who 's now dead -- was the Zodiac Killer , the publisher said . On Tuesday , police in northern California said they were n't aware of the book or its claims . "  It 's an open and active case , so we do n't comment , " San Francisco police spokesman Albie Esparza told CNN . "  But  it 's  certainly something our homicide investigators will take a look at . " Many claim to be child of the Zodiac killer Added Capt. Steve Blower of the Napa County Sheriff 's Office : "  We have talked to many people over the years . We 've gotten reports over the years from people who do n't pan out . This case is still open , and we still do accept tips or leads that may have bearing on the case . " Bryan Hartnell , one of only two survivors of the Zodiac Killer , was just a college kid more than 40 years ago at Pacific Union College , just north of San Francisco , when he and a then-girlfriend , Cecilia Shephard , were attacked while picnicking . Their attacker was a man in an eerie costume : he wore a black hood and black shirt with a white symbol on the front that looked like crosshairs on a gun sight . That image would later become the Zodiac 's trademark symbol . On Tuesday , Hartnell expressed reservations about the latest claim in the unsolved case . "  I somewhat follow the news , but there has been no time in the last 40 + years when someone was not  stirring  the pot , " Hartnell wrote to CNN in an email . Hartnell was stabbed eight times , and Shephard , between 10 and 20 times . She died a day later at the hospital , but was able to give a description of the attacker before she died . Stewart was born in New Orleans and abandoned as a newborn in a stairwell of Baton Rouge apartment building . He was later adopted and "  had an idyllic childhood , " the publisher said . About 10 years ago , when he was 39 , Stewart 's birth mother , Judy , contacted him for the first time . He then began his search for his biological father , with whom his mother had n't been in contact since Stewart was abandoned . Stewart , who is married with a child , kept a journal during the search , which became the basis for the book . Stewart has bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering from Louisiana State University . His book , "  The Most Dangerous Animal of All : Searching for My Father ... and Finding the Zodiac Killer , " was co-written with journalist Susan Mustafa . "  Stewart and Mustafa construct a chilling psychological profile of Stewart 's father : as a boy with disturbing fixations , as a frustrated intellectual with pretensions to high culture , and as an inappropriate suitor and then jilted lover unable to process his rage , " the publisher said . HarperCollins publicist Tina Andreadis told New York Magazine that "  Stewart 's father had a criminal record in San Francisco  ` forgeries , bad checks '  , and there was a strong resemblance between his father 's mug shot and the police sketch , " the magazine said . "  If you look at Gary 's photo next to the sketch of the Zodiac  killer  next to his father 's mug shot , you can see that there is very clearly more than just a passing resemblance , " Andreadis told the magazine . "  They look alike . " The Zodiac Killer craved attention and wrote several letters to newspapers taking credit for his crimes . He also included cryptograms or ciphers that he claimed would shed light on his identity . But he was never caught . The unsolved case inspired the 2007 film "  Zodiac , " starring Jake Gyllenhaal , Robert Downey Jr. and Mark Ruffalo . Fast facts and photos : Serial killers A killer in the family	One of two Zodiac Killer survivors says someone always stirs up the unsolved case Gary L. Stewart was abandoned as a baby in a stairwell in a Louisiana tenement He claims his late biological father , Earl Van Best Jr. , was the Zodiac Killer Investigators say they are n't aware of the book but will look into its claims
Formed by volcanoes and steeped in a rich history of Polynesian culture , Hawaii sounds more like a place in a fantasy novel rather than an American travel oasis . Made up of a chain of volcanic mountains that form eight major islands , Hawaii stretches about 1,500 miles . The state 's vast expanse provides a diverse terrain for visitors to explore -- tropical rain forests , cool alpine regions , arid deserts and sunny beaches -- all within miles of one another . The region 's beauty , history and landscape have enthralled novice and seasoned travelers alike . American travel writer Paul Theroux once said , "  Hawaii is not a state of mind , but a state of grace . " The Aloha State on Thursday marks a milestone as it celebrates 55 years since becoming a U.S. state . To honor the occasion , we 're sharing a breathtaking collection of photos that CNN iReport contributors have captured on the islands . 29 beach photos that 'll make you drool	Hawaii officially became a U.S. state 55 years ago To mark the occasion , iReporters offer beautiful photos from Hawaii
CNN  -- A wrongful death lawsuit filed in the aftermath of a July boat accident questions the safety of amphibious tour vessels , but the so-called duck boats ' record indicates just two fatal accidents in more than 50 years of service . On July 7 , a 250-foot sludge barge pushed by a tugboat overran a disabled 33-foot Ride the Ducks tour boat , plunging the amphibious vessel with its 35 passengers and two crew members under the surface of the Delaware River in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Two student tourists from Hungary , Dora Schwendtner , 16 , and Szabolcs Prem , 20 , drowned . Ten other passengers suffered minor injuries , according to a National Transportation Safety Board initial report released September 10 . Ride the Ducks has suspended its Philadelphia operation since the accident , but company President Chris Herschend said he expected tours to resume soon . The company is working out details with the U.S. Coast Guard and the city . In a statement released to the media , Herschend pointed to the tugboat 's failure to heed repeated radio calls alerting it to the disabled vessel in its path . A lawsuit filed on behalf of the students ' parents claims , among other things , that duck boats are inherently unsafe . "  There is no doubt that Dora and Szeb , on their first trip to America , thought they were safe when they boarded the duck boat . They had no idea they were on an accident waiting to happen , " said Holly Ostrov Ronai , one of the attorneys who filed the suit . But officials with the Coast Guard and Ride the Ducks say the vessels have an excellent safety record . "  Thirty-three years we 've been in this business , Ride the Ducks , and we 've never had so much as a wet shoelace before this tragedy , " Herschend told CNN . Since starting operations in Philadelphia in 2003 , Ride the Ducks has safely transported more than 1 million passengers on more than 42,000 tours in the Pennsylvania city , a company statement said . Ride the Ducks is a subsidiary of Herschend Family Entertainment of Norcross , Georgia . The company owns Ride the Ducks operations in six locations , as well as the Dollywood theme park in Tennessee , Stone Mountain Park in Georgia , and other attractions . The original duck boat , with a standard Army six-wheel truck frame and a propeller , was designed to ferry troops and materiel from warships to land during World War II . General Motors Corp. built 21,000 of the vessels , officially called DUKWs , between 1942 and 1945 , when production ceased . Most were scrapped after the war , but entrepreneurs converted a few dozen for jolly excursions across land and water for tourists . Herschend 's 90 or so boats are latter-day replicas , manufactured at a Branson , Missouri , shop and designed to look like the WWII workhorses . Today , 128 duck-style boats have certificates to remain in service with several companies , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . Only one other fatal accident involving a DUKW has been documented . In 1999 , the Miss Majestic -- owned by a now-defunct company -- sank in Lake Hamilton near Hot Springs , Arkansas ; 13 passengers drowned . The NTSB investigated the accident and recommended several changes to ducks ' design and operation standards , but the Coast Guard did not concur . Read the NTSB 's preliminary report on the accident Citing "  an unacceptable level of risk to passenger safety , " the NTSB recommended in May 2002 that duck operators and refurbishers "  provide reserve buoyancy through passive means , " such as installing watertight compartments or buoyant foam in the hull . Modern boats include such features . The NTSB also found that several of the Miss Majestic victims were trapped under the vessel 's canopy as it rapidly sank and recommended that duck canopies be removed or modified to come off easily in an emergency . In a September 2002 response , the Coast Guard said existing regulations and standards , if followed , were sufficient to ensure passenger safety . "  When you follow the navigation rules , usually everything goes fine , " Capt. Eric Christensen , chief of the Office of Vessel Activity at Coast Guard headquarters in Washington , told CNN recently . "  The Coast Guard does n't certificate inherently unsafe vessels , " he said . Robert Mongeluzzi , an attorney representing the Philadelphia victims ' families , says that 's not a good answer . "  If they had canopies that were retractable and foldable -- like we 've had on convertible cars for about 100 years -- they would n't have that problem " of trapping passengers underwater , he said . Coast Guard regulations do not require duck passengers to wear personal flotation devices  PFDs  , which puts them in danger of drowning , Mongeluzzi said . But the devices could pin their wearers against the vessel 's canopy , which is what happened to several victims in the Arkansas accident , according to the NTSB . "  If you keep the canopy on , then you 're damned if you do and damned if you do n't , " said Mongeluzzi , who characterizes the canopies as "  death cages . " "  If you put your PFD on , it 's harder to get out . If you do n't put your PFD on , you 're more likely to drown . Passengers on a sightseeing cruise should never be faced with that life-or-death decision . " The preliminary NTSB report on the Philadelphia accident did not indicate whether passengers were wearing PFDs , but eyewitness accounts and images from the scene showed some were and some were n't when they were rescued . Ride the Ducks ' Herschend says the circumstances of the 1999 Arkansas disaster and this summer 's accident in Philadelphia were completely different , but his company 's focus is always on safety . "  None of us are OK with this , and none of us want to ever go through it again , " he said . The lawsuit is not likely to come to trial in the Philadelphia County Court of Common Pleas for two to three years , Mongeluzzi said .	NTSB warned in 2002 that canopies on excursion vessels could trap passengers Records show only two fatal accidents involving amphibious tour boats 2 students killed in Philadelphia crash in July ; 13 drowned in 1999 sinking in Arkansas Coast Guard disregarded NTSB recommendations after 1999 tragedy
CNN  -- On Monday , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney called for the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate a series of recent leaks that critics charge are designed to bolster the national security credentials of the Obama administration . Investigations by special prosecutors can take on a life of their own . Recall that the investigation of the Whitewater real estate deal in Arkansas -- in which Bill and Hillary Clinton actually lost money -- morphed into the scandal of the Monica Lewinsky affair . During the George W. Bush administration , Scooter Libby , a top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney , was convicted not of leaking the name of CIA officer Valerie Plame but of making false statements to the FBI during its investigation of the leak and also perjuring himself . The recent leaks involve stories in The New York Times , Newsweek and the Associated Press that range from the hitherto undisclosed role of the United States in cyberattacks on Iran 's nuclear facilities to details about the president 's decision-making surrounding the selection of the targets of the CIA drone program in Pakistan and Yemen and the penetration by a spy of al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate . Earlier this month , Attorney General Eric Holder appointed two senior Department of Justice prosecutors to investigate the leaks , and the FBI is also investigating the matter . Have those leaks , as Romney claimed on Monday , "  put American interests and our people in jeopardy " ? It is not only Republicans making these charges . Well-regarded Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who heads the powerful Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer : "  I think what we 're seeing , Wolf , is an avalanche of leaks , and it is very , very disturbing . It 's dismayed our allies . It puts American lives in jeopardy . It puts our nation 's security in jeopardy . " The story that sparked these claims was David Sanger 's piece in The New York Times earlier this month about the U.S. role in cyberattacks against Iran 's key nuclear enrichment plant at Natanz , revelations that also appear in Sanger 's fascinating new book , "  Confront and Conceal . " Sanger goes into rich detail about how computer viruses were introduced into the Natanz plant and how they then took over the controls of the finely calibrated centrifuges that the Iranians use to enrich their uranium , causing the centrifuges to spin wildly out of control . But did this really hurt U.S. national security ? After all , the Iranians know that their problems with the centrifuges at Natanz are caused by cyberattacks and have publicly said so for the past two years . On November 29 , 2010 , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told reporters in Tehran , "  They succeeded in creating problems for a limited number of our centrifuges with the software they had installed in electronic parts . " Computer experts around the world who examined the Stuxnet virus , the first computer virus that was introduced into the Iranian nuclear program , concluded two years ago that this was a virus that was so complex that it could only have been generated by a state , and the only two states with the technical know-how and motive to write the code for such a virus were Israel and the United States . Last year , German computer security expert Ralph Langner , who had discovered the Stuxnet virus when it had first broken out of the Natanz plant , told a conference in California , "  My opinion is that the Mossad is involved . ... But , the leading source is not Israel . ... There is only one leading source , and that is the United States . " Sanger 's reporting about the cyberattacks on Iran revealed that the code name for the series of computer viruses unleashed on Iran 's nuclear program is "  Olympic Games " and also laid out some of the modus operandi of the viruses themselves , but since much of this was generally known by the Iranian regime , it is unlikely U.S. national security was really harmed by the disclosures . In fact , open discussion of the cyberattacks against Iran is in the public interest because three questions about the attacks quickly present themselves : -- What are the downsides of cyberattacks in a world that is so interconnected by the Internet ? -- Since it is the Pentagon 's official position that a serious cyberattack against the United States is a form of warfare , is the U.S. therefore already at war with Iran ? -- When does a covert action against an American enemy rise to a form of warfare that it merits a broader public discussion ? According to Sanger , his sources about Olympic Games included "  current and former American , European and Israeli officials involved in the program , as well as a range of outside experts . " So it is fair to assume that Sanger 's reporting was hardly dependent on a particular Obama administration official  or officials  but rather , as all good reporters do , Sanger put together a myriad of sources to arrive at the composite picture of Olympic Games that he paints for his readers . It is therefore quite unlikely that prosecutors will find particular officials behind the leaking but rather that Obama officials gave Sanger some small fragments of the Olympic Games story that he was then also able to piece together with the help of his Israeli and European sources , as well as experts on cybersecurity . Another story that has critics of the Obama administration steamed is that it has allowed to become public that the president personally approves "  kill lists " for CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , a story reported both by Jo Becker and Scott Shane in The New York Times and by Daniel Klaidman in Newsweek and in his excellent new book about Obama 's counterterrorism policies , "  Kill or Capture . " No such criticism attended the Bush administration 's decision to turn over to Bob Woodward the highly classified notes from "  50 National Security Council and other meetings " that became the basis for Woodward 's hagiographic book , "  Bush at War , " about the campaign to overthrow the Taliban during the fall of 2001 . There is nothing of substance to the criticism that discussion of the "  kill lists " endangers national security . After all , drone attacks are an entirely public form of supposedly secret warfare . A drone strike -- when a bomb or missile appears out of nowhere and incinerates some people in Pakistan 's tribal areas or in Yemen -- is a public event . And it 's a form of warfare that is , of course , well known to al Qaeda . The documents recovered at Osama bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound in Pakistan demonstrate how worried al Qaeda 's leaders were about the CIA drone strikes . Incidentally , the president 's being involved in making these life-or-death decisions about the fates of many hundreds of people in any given year is desirable . Is it a preferable alternative that he should n't be involved at all ? Also , discussion of the drone program is in the public interest as it 's a form of warfare that is unlikely to remain an American monopoly for much longer . After all , the U.S. has only had the ability to arm its own drones for the past decade , and many other countries now possess unarmed drones of their own . It wo n't be long before the Russians and the Chinese will be arming their own drones and precedents created by the Obama administration will surely be invoked by them . The one story that may be genuinely troubling from a national security perspective is the one written by the deeply sourced Adam Goldman and Matt Apuzzo at the AP , who made public in May that a plot to destroy a U.S. bound airliner using a souped-up new version of an "  underwear bomb " developed by al Qaeda 's Yemeni branch had had been thwarted by the CIA . As this story could have revealed "  sources and methods " that might affect the future ability of the CIA or of "  liaison services " working with the agency to penetrate al Qaeda in Yemen again , the precise source of this leak seems to be the most legitimate avenue of inquiry for the Justice Department and the FBI . Finally , is there any merit to the notion that the Obama administration is spilling secrets to burnish its national security record ? To help answer that question , let 's quickly recall some of that record : -- In the first two years of his presidency , Obama quintupled the number of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan , as a result more or less destroying al Qaeda there . -- Obama has conducted around 40 drone strikes and airstrikes in Yemen , compared with the Bush administration 's single drone strike there . -- One of those Obama drone strikes killed the New Mexico-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , which appears to be the first time an American president has authorized the assassination of a U.S. citizen . -- According to reliable news reports of drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , Obama has authorized strikes that led to the killing of at least 1,900 people , most of whom were militants but around 5 % of whom were civilians .  The toll of 1,900 is more than double the total number of detainees who have passed through Guantanamo  . -- And , of course , Obama ordered the raid that killed bin Laden , a decision that was made against the advice of two of his most senior advisers , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , who had served every president going back to Richard Nixon , and Vice President Joe Biden , who was elected to the Senate when Obama was 11 . This does not seem to be the record of a president who needs to bolster his national security credentials , something that seems to be well-understood by the American public . In a variety of recent polls , Obama and Romney are now running neck and neck , but a poll released this month by Fox News shows that Obama beats Romney by 11 points on foreign policy issues and by 13 points on terrorism . The irony of all the ruckus about the recent leaks is that the Obama administration , which came to power promising more government transparency , has been the most aggressive administration in U.S. history in its prosecution of alleged leaks to the press . It has invoked in six cases the rarely used 1917 Espionage Act to go after Americans not working for foreign intelligence services but who have leaked to the media . By and large , the leaks are a Washington pseudoscandal that has n't really harmed national security but have instead helped to foster a legitimate debate about the future of drone warfare and of cyberattacks that promise to transform warfare as much as fast-moving tanks changed the face of war in the mid-20th century .	Mitt Romney , others have called for special prosecutor on national security leaks Peter Bergen : Most of the info about drones , Stuxnet were known by adversaries He says argument that the leaks put U.S. interests and people in jeopardy does n't hold up Bergen : Public discussion of the implications of drones , computer wars is beneficial
