CNN  -- A deeply divided Venezuela is mourning its late leader and preparing to pick a new president to replace him . Venezuelan officials called for peace and unity after President Hugo Chavez 's death on Tuesday , emphasizing in state television broadcasts that all branches of the government and the military were standing together . Elections will be held in 30 days , and Vice President Nicolas Maduro will assume the presidency in the interim , Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said in an interview broadcast on state-run VTV . Tearing up as he announced Chavez 's death after a long battle with cancer , Maduro called on Venezuelans to remain respectful . "  We must unite now more than ever , " Maduro said . Henrique Capriles Radonski , a former presidential candidate and opposition leader , said Venezuelans should come together . "  This is not the time for difference , " he said . "  It is the time for unity . It is the time for peace . " Supporters of Chavez poured into a Caracas square soon after news of his death spread . Some wept openly . Others waved flags and held up pictures of the late president . There were no reports of major violence , but there was palpable tension in the streets , as some Venezuelans heading home from work tried to steer clear of Chavez 's fervent supporters . Venezuela 's military is in a "  process of deploying ... to ensure the safety of all Venezuelans " and to support the country 's constitution in the wake of Chavez 's death , said Adm. Diego Molero , Venezuela 's defense minister . iReport : Share your thoughts on the death of the Venezuelan president Venezuela prepares for funeral , elections Venezuela 's government has declared seven days of national mourning , Jaua said . At Venezuelan embassies around the world Tuesday , flags were flying at half mast . Chavez 's remains will be taken to a military academy in Caracas on Wednesday , Jaua said . There he will lie in state for three days . His state funeral will be held there on Friday morning , Jaua said . The announcement of Chavez 's death came hours after Maduro met with the country 's top political and military leaders about Chavez 's worsening health condition and suggested someone may have deliberately infected Chavez with cancer . Chavez first announced his cancer diagnosis in June 2011 , but the government never revealed details about his prognosis or specified what kind of cancer he had Shortly before his last trip to Cuba for cancer surgery in December , Chavez tapped Maduro as the man he wanted to replace him . "  He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not , " Chavez said . Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy Maduro made no mention of running for election in his public comments Tuesday , but he is widely expected to be the United Socialist Party of Venezuela 's candidate for the job . During Chavez 's absence from the political stage over the past three months , Maduro has been front and center . He has spoken at political rallies around the country and delivered updates about Chavez on national television , drawing growing support from Chavez loyalists . Opposition critics have said he was campaigning for office -- a claim the government has denied . Even as Jaua said Tuesday that Maduro would temporarily assume the presidency , some critics questioned whether that was constitutional , since Chavez missed his inauguration and was never officially sworn in . Opposition politicians have n't said who will represent them in the election . But as speculation mounted over Chavez 's health in recent weeks , many had turned to Capriles , who lost to Chavez in October 's presidential contest . On Tuesday , Capriles called for a national dialogue including all Venezuelans , not just Chavez 's supporters . "  Today there are thousands , maybe millions , of Venezuelans who are asking themselves what will happen , who feel anxiety , and including those who feel afraid , " Capriles said . Chavez supporters , critics react Word of Chavez 's death drew swift expressions of sorrow and solidarity from regional allies . Ecuador and Cuba both announced three days of national mourning to honor Chavez . "  The national government expresses its solidarity in light of this irreparable loss that puts the Venezuelan people and all the region in mourning and at the same time sends its heartfelt condolences to the family of the late champion of Latin America , " Ecuador 's foreign ministry said in a statement . Bolivian President Evo Morales ' voice cracked as he spoke to reporters , describing Chavez as someone "  who gave all his life for the liberation of the Venezuelan people ... of all the anti-imperialists and anti-capitalists of the world . " But longtime critics of the controversial president offered a different take . "  Hugo Chavez was a tyrant who forced the people of Venezuela to live in fear . His death dents the alliance of anti-U.S. leftist leaders in South America . Good riddance to this dictator , " said U.S. Rep. Ed Royce , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs . "  Venezuela once had a strong democratic tradition and was close to the United States . Chavez 's death sets the stage for fresh elections . While not guaranteed , closer U.S. relations with  this  key country in our Hemisphere are now possible . " Venezuela-U.S. relations surge into spotlight Just hours before the announcement of Chavez 's death , relations between the two countries appeared to be souring , as Venezuelan officials said they were expelling two U.S. Embassy officials and accused them of plotting to destabilize the country . The U.S. officials , both air attaches at the U.S. Embassy in Caracas , are accused of having meetings with members of the Venezuelan military and encouraging them to pursue "  destabilizing projects , " Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said . "  We will not allow any foreign interference in our country , " Jaua said . "  Do not think that the situation of pain over the health of President Chavez will translate into weakness . " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell denied the accusations . Opinion : Chavez used force of personality to win votes , influence leaders "  Notwithstanding the significant differences between our governments , we continue to believe it important to seek a functional and more productive relationship with Venezuela based on issues of mutual interest , " he said . "  This fallacious assertion of inappropriate U.S. action leads us to conclude that , unfortunately , the current Venezuelan government is not interested an improved relationship . " After announcing the expulsion of one attache , Maduro -- addressing the media in a lengthy statement -- asserted that someday there will be "  scientific proof " that Chavez was somehow infected by outsiders . "  An assertion that the United States was somehow involved in causing President Chavez 's illness is absurd , and we definitively reject it , " Ventrell said . It is n't the first time that a Venezuelan government official has implied that a plot could be behind Chavez 's cancer . Chavez made the assertion himself in 2011 , saying at a military event in Caracas that he wondered whether the United States could be infecting Latin American leaders with the illness . CNN 's Shasta Darlington , Mariano Castillo , Rafael Romo , Patrick Oppmann , Juan Carlos Lopez , Ione Molinares and Pam Benson and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Official : Maduro will temporarily assume the presidency until elections are held A state funeral for Chavez will be held Friday , Venezuela 's foreign minister says Venezuela 's defense minister says troops are deploying to ensure safety "  We must unite now more than ever , " Venezuela 's vice president says
CNN  -- One suspect has been charged and police are hunting for another in connection with the killing of University of North Carolina student Eve Carson , police said Wednesday . Demario James Atwater , 21 , was arrested early Wednesday at a residence in Durham , North Carolina . Authorities were watching the home after receiving a tip that Atwater was inside . He was charged with first-degree murder in Carson 's death . Atwater is believed to be the man in a convenience-store photograph released by police . A second suspect , Lawrence Alvin Lovett Jr. , 17 , is being sought in Carson 's death , police said . He also faces a first-degree murder charge . Lovett could be armed and dangerous , police told CNN affiliate WRAL . Police believe Lovett was the man seen in a surveillance-camera photo possibly using Carson 's card at an ATM , Chapel Hill Police Chief Brian Curran said . The pictures showed a young man wearing a hooded sweatshirt and baseball cap . There also appeared to be a large , shadowy form of another person in the back seat of the vehicle , which may have been Carson 's SUV . Police believe Atwater was in the back seat , Curran said . He would not comment on whether physical evidence links the two suspects to the crime . Atwater was taken to a hospital as part of the evidence collection process , he said , and brought back to make an initial court appearance . "  As encouraging as the developments today are , we are still a community in grief , " Chapel Hill Mayor Kevin Foy told reporters at a news conference announcing the arrest . "  We also still must offer comfort to a family in mourning , Eve 's family . " Carson , 22 , was found shot to death about 5 a.m. March 5 . The medical examiner told police that her body showed no signs of sexual assault or other injury , Curran said . Carson 's killing "  feels like a random crime , " Curran said Saturday . On Sunday , more than 1,000 people crowded the First United Methodist Church in Carson 's hometown of Athens , Georgia , for her funeral , the Athens Banner-Herald reported . The UNC-Chapel Hill board of trustees had pledged $ 25,000 to the Crime Stoppers program in the area for information leading to the arrest of anyone responsible in Carson 's slaying . Carson was a student member of the board and student body president . The young woman was a pre-medicine student who was double majoring in political science and biology . She received the university 's prestigious Morehead Scholarship and was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society , according to UNC . E-mail to a friend	Demario James Atwater , 21 , charged with first-degree murder Police are also seeking Lawrence Alvin Lovett Jr. , 17 Eve Carson was the popular student body president at the university Police had released photos of person using victim 's ATM card
Washington  CNN  Just when you thought it was safe to go back on the Republican campaign trail , Sarah Palin and Donald Trump are back . All it took to set Twitter abuzz at the first big GOP campaign bash at the weekend was for The Donald and the 2008 vice presidential nominee to clear their throats and muse , yet again , about presidential campaigns . But the idea that they 're both seriously searching their souls and considering a run for the White House does n't pass the smell test . Trump and Palin are now more at the reality show end of the political spectrum than serious contenders -- but they sure know how to get a headline . They snatched more than their fair share of attention at Congressman Steve King 's cattle call in Iowa on Saturday -- even as an impressive line-up of bona fide potential candidates tried to road test early 2016 messaging . There are serious candidates out there who are almost certainly running for president -- including Chris Christie , Rick Perry , Ted Cruz , Rick Santorum , Carly Fiorina and Mike Huckabee , all of whom were at the Iowa event . And there are those who just want some people to believe they might , just , might , run . Given all the available evidence , Palin and Trump belong in the latter category . Both are past masters at self publicity and appeared to view the massive media spotlight of the first big campaign event in Iowa as a great opportunity at the start of another campaign cycle . Palin launched a bizarre , stream of consciousness rant against Hollywood the left , President Barack Obama and the strange social media palaver whipped up by pictures of her son Trig standing on his labrador . Her performance was all the more odd since she had deliberately raised expectations that she might be mulling a return to top-level politics ahead of the speech . She told ABC News that anyone like her with a "  servant 's heart " had no choice but to think about it . Then , after bumping into reporters at a Des Moines hotel , Palin said "  who would n't be interested ? " , according to The Washington Post . So is Palin really considering a run for president ? SEE ALSO : Jeb 's invisible man strategy Her largely inconsequential speech offered easy ammunition for her political enemies , making for an ineffective start . And there 's no evidence that Palin is taking the serious moves needed of a candidate in an age when the price of entry for the presidential sweep stakes is millions of dollars . There 's also no buzz that Palin has sounded out top party donors or wants to snap up big name consultants . Though some of her attack lines hit their mark with the audience of conservative activists , Palin was a pale imitation of the rock star who burst onto the scene in 2008 showing raw and rare political talent . And the notion of a Palin presidential campaign seems a lot more remote than when she teased a run , but ultimately decided against it , in the last presidential cycle . Her performance on Saturday dismayed key figures in conservative media , including some who thought she was unfairly put to the sword by the press in 2008 . Conservative columnist Byron York wrote in his Washington Examiner column that the Republican Party has a Palin problem . "  If there is indeed nothing behind her ` seriously interested ' talk -- and it appears there is not -- should she be included in events leading up to the 2016 caucuses ? " York wrote . Conservative blogger Erick Erickson meanwhile said Palin 's speech was best "  left uncommented on . " Democrats are jubilant . Democratic National Committee communications director Mo Elleithee put out a simple statement reading "  Thank you . " The pro-Clinton super PAC Ready for Hillary fired out a fundraising email on the back of Palin 's comments . SEE ALSO : Pro-Clinton group raises money off Palin speech Trump meanwhile used the Freedom Summit to relaunch his own political sideshow , in mothballs since his 2012 presidential musings and his campaign to get Obama to publish his birth certificate . But he touched raw nerves in the GOP , launching a fierce attack on potential establishment frontrunners Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney who skipped the event . His broadsides seemed to fly in the face of efforts by party bosses to remove the circus atmosphere which marred the 2012 GOP presidential debates . ` Mitt had his chance , " he said . "  He should have won and he choked . You do n't want to give a choker a second chance . " "  We 've had enough of the Bushes , " Trump blasted . There is a long tradition of long-shot candidates launching presidential runs without any expectation of victory . While many hope lightning will strike -- comparative unknowns like Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama built campaigns in Iowa that ended at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue -- most know it wo n't . But running for president in Iowa , even if you do n't make it to the caucuses themselves can be a good career move . Former Gov. Tom Vilsack for instance parlayed a campaign that never got off the ground into a job as secretary of the Agriculture Department . Other candidates -- like Democratic gadfly Dennis Kucinich and libertarian Ron Paul -- have used presidential campaigns to build personal political brands . Joe Biden got less than 1 % of the votes in the Iowa caucuses in 2008 -- but ended up as a two-term vice president . In each of those cases , the candidates offered more steak than sizzle ; more policy than pizzazz . And then there are those like Trump , who thrives on attention , and Palin , who needs to maintain a brand on the fringes of conservative media , for whom the oxygen of publicity as a new campaign grinds into gear seems too enticing to ignore .	Sarah Palin and Donald Trump flirt with media with 2016 talk No sign of serious campaigns But candidates have an incentive to keep their names in the frame
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice John Paul Stevens is approaching his 40th year on the federal bench -- the last 34 on the Supreme Court , deciding thousands of cases . But he said his love of the law was nurtured decades earlier by a professor 's dedication and the enduring power of a political dispute that blossomed into a landmark decision known as Marbury v. Madison . Justice John Paul Stevens swears in Vice President Joe Biden . Stevens has been on the court for 34 years . "  It was the beginning , well , of my whole legal career , " Stevens told CNN in a recent exclusive interview . "  You read it today and you will find some current value in it . For me , that case inspired a lasting appreciation and respect for the rule of law . " The 88-year-old justice , who sources said has no plans to step down anytime soon , is not alone in citing the 1803 high court ruling as a cornerstone of federal court authority . The landmark decision for the first time established the power of the Supreme Court to declare acts of Congress unconstitutional . It also helped codify the idea of separation of powers as a lasting hallmark of the American system of government . The case is the subject of a new book , "  The Great Decision : Jefferson , Adams , Marshall and the Battle for the Supreme Court "  PublicAffairs Books  , which includes Stevens ' analysis of the opinion 's impact over the years . Written by Clifford Sloan -- a former Stevens law clerk -- and David McKean , it offers an inside look at how the federal judiciary , led by Chief Justice John Marshall , muscled itself into equal footing with the other two branches of government . It is a struggle , Sloan noted , that continues to affect issues today , such as the president 's authority in the war on terror , federal bans on late-term abortion and church-state disputes . "  There is a view of an enduring role for our courts that rises above the political pressures and cross-currents of the moment , " said Sloan . "  There are imperfections , there are problems , but it 's been the most protective regime for rights and liberties of any country in the world . And it 's really attributable to the special role of the -LSB- Supreme -RSB- Court in safeguarding our rights and liberties that Marbury established . " Immersed from the start in Marbury v. Madison Stevens still has his law school notes from Northwestern University , which he entered in 1945 . It was just months after leaving the Navy , where he served as an intelligence officer during World War II . At the time , he was thinking of becoming an English teacher , but Stevens said his brother Richard asked him to think about a law career . "  At the time I was trying to decide what to do , and it seemed like a sensible move , " Stevens said , with his characteristic Midwestern modesty . It was as a freshman that he met his early mentor , Nathaniel Nathanson , who immersed his students in Marbury v. Madison from the start . "  I knew nothing about it before I went to law school , but it was a major part of our constitutional law course , " Stevens recalled . "  We began with the case and we were still on it six or eight weeks later . We spent most of the first semester studying that one case , and the different issues that come out of it . " Something must have stuck , because when he graduated two years later , Stevens had the highest GPA in the history of the law school . The justice gives credit for much of his budding success to Nathanson , a former Northwestern dean and faculty member for 47 years . "  He was very brilliant , he could ask good questions and get people to think about issues , " said Stevens . "  He was a very decent and inspiring teacher . " From political pot-boiler to legal treatise One thing Stevens admires about Marbury v. Madison is "  there are a whole bunch of issues that are discussed in it . When is executive privilege something that the president can rely on ; when should there be a remedy for a wrong ? " It was a big case that had humble beginnings . The behind-the-scenes intrigue reads more like a political pot-boiler than a legal treatise . The fight began in early 1801 , in the closing days of the Federalist administration of President John Adams -- who had just lost the election to Thomas Jefferson , who was poised to take over the White House . Sloan noted , "  Adams was packing the federal government , the District of Columbia government , and the federal courts with midnight appointees . One of these was William Marbury . " The Maryland financier was set to be justice of the peace of Washington , but somehow his commission was not delivered in time , in person by the State Department , as the law required . So when Jefferson -- a Democratic-Republican -- took over , he canceled all pending appointments , leaving Marbury and other Federalists in the outs , and enraged . Marbury sued the Jeffersonians to get his job back . The "  Madison " in this case was none other than James Madison -- principal author of the U.S. Constitution , and then Jefferson 's secretary of state . Marshall played two roles As a backdrop , "  The Great Decision " details fascinating tales of the capital at the turn of the 19th century , including "  the dust and grime of Washington " -- not much different from our own , except perhaps for the grime . Among the tales : A senator 's "  romantic interest " -- as Stevens put it -- in Dolley Madison , wife of the future president ; and Marshall 's own physical prowess -- he reportedly could jump 6 feet and had a taste for fine whiskey . It was that man 's failure as a bureaucrat and genius as a judge that led to the 4-0 decision . In February 1801 , native Virginian Marshall -- an Adams ally -- was serving as both secretary of state and the newly named chief justice of the United States . "  He was the one who bungled the delivery of the commissions , " said Sloan , "  so he was deeply involved in the underlying facts of the case . The genius of Marshall was that he got out of a very difficult jam by finding Marbury 's appeal to have merit , but his direct appeal to the Supreme Court to be unconstitutional . " Such direct appeals were allowed under federal law , but the high court ruled the law went too far by attempting to give one branch of government a power specifically denied it by the Constitution . The decision thus set precedents for both separation of powers and constitutional interpretation -- the court 's right to declare a law unconstitutional . In Marshall 's famous words , "  It is emphatically the province and duty of the Judicial Department " -- the courts , he means -- "  to say what the law is . " It put the case on sacred constitutional ground in the eyes of many subsequent justices . It was cited in Brown v. Board of Education , and the 1974 order for President Nixon to turn over secret White House tapes during the Watergate scandal . Stevens emphasizes separation of power Sloan said his old boss in particular has a fondness for the stirring words of Marbury . "  It 's not surprising that when justices like Justice Stevens are grappling with the very difficult questions that come before them and the deeply contested constitutional issues that they turn to that guiding star of the first principle of Marbury v. Madison , and get inspiration and strength from it . " It was separation of powers Stevens chose to emphasize as a principal hallmark of Marbury . During a panel discussion a few weeks ago , he noted the wall between the courts and the executive can be breached . As an example , he cited public swear-ins of justices that have lately been held at the White House . Stevens said it is far preferable they be conducted at the Supreme Court itself -- such as his 1975 ceremony -- to underscore the "  very separate status " of the justices . He later said the power he and his fellow benchmates enjoy today is embedded in that principle : "  Marbury v. Madison established that idea of separation , something no other branch of government -- no political majority -- can take away from the judiciary . "	Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens says case inspired his career 88-year-old justice 's analysis of case is part of a new book Marbury v. Madison is 1803 high court case dealing with separation of powers
CNN  -- Until this week , Utah had 24 state symbols , from tree  the blue spruce  to insect  the honeybee  to even cooking pot  the Dutch oven  . Now it 's added an official state firearm -- the John M. Browning-designed M1911 pistol , becoming the first state in the nation to have one , according to the state legislator who sponsored the law . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert signed the new symbol into law this week . State Rep. Carl Wimmer , a Republican who was a police officer and SWAT team commander , came up with the idea for a state firearm last year after hearing about how Pennsylvania lawmakers wanted to make the Pennsylvania long rifle its official state firearm , Wimmer told CNN on Friday . That measure eventually failed , he said . Wimmer selected the semi-automatic M1911 because gun maker Browning was born and raised in Ogden , Utah , and was the son of Utah pioneers who crossed the plains in the 1800s , Wimmer said . This year is also the 100th anniversary of when the U.S. military chose the M1911 to be its standard-issue sidearm for all branches of service , Wimmer said . That 's how the pistol got its name : "  M " for military and 1911 for the year that the military began issuing the gun to all its servicemen and women , Wimmer said . In a state more known for its strong Mormon traditions and breathtaking national parks , the creation of an official state firearm raised controversy , especially when the measure was pursued even after January 's mass shooting in Tucson , Arizona , that killed six persons and wounded 13 others , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . The bill was introduced just before the horrific shootings , Wimmer said . "  People say the timing is terrible , and I admit the timing is terrible , " Wimmer said . "  We have a part-time legislature in Utah , and we are only in session for 45 days . Certainly meaning no disrespect to the tragedy in Arizona , we moved forward in doing this because it 's the only opportunity that we had . " Other critics have said the new state symbol implicitly condones gun violence . "  There was more controversy than I anticipated , but it really passed with bipartisan support , " Wimmer said . "  One of the biggest comments from the critics was that we should not honor an implement of death . And my response to that has always been that this firearm does not represent an implement of death . It represents an implement of freedom -- just the mere fact that our soldiers have used this firearm to defend liberty and freedom around the world for the last 100 years . " The governor 's office played down the lethality of the new symbol and focused more on its creator . "  This bill is n't so much about a weapon as it is about honoring John Moses Browning , who was a Utah inventor and entrepreneur , and he repeatedly gave back to the state , " said the governor 's spokeswoman , Ally Isom . The governor 's office and both chambers of the legislature are controlled by Republicans . The M1911 had been the standard issue in the military until about 15 years ago , when the Beretta 9mm became its common sidearm because it holds 15 rounds and the M1911 only eight , Wimmer said . However , the M1911 is still used by elite units like Delta Force , Wimmer said . "  I thought how appropriate that we honor John Moses Browning on the 100th anniversary of the U.S. military 's adoption of the M1911 as their official pistol , " Wimmer said . "  The list of firearms that he invented is too exhaustive for me to go into , " Wimmer added about Browning . Wimmer owns a Browning-designed M1911 , he said . "  Almost every military weapon that is currently in use today has one point or another been modeled after a Browning firearm , " Wimmer said . Wimmer , 35 , is now considering running for Utah 's fourth congressional seat , newly created after the latest census , he said . He was a SWAT commander , canine patrol officer and sex crimes detective in South Jordan , Utah , for seven years and then a patrol officer in West Valley City , Utah , for four years , he said . He left the police force to serve in the state legislature and is now a partner in the security consulting firm Corporate Task Force in Riverton City , Utah , where he lives . Addressing other critics who say he 's merely seeking publicity for his possible congressional run , Wimmer responded : "  People will second-guess everything I do and say everything I do is because of the congressional race , and it 's simply not true . "	Utah 's official state firearm is the John M. Browning-designed M1911 pistol The designation of a lethal weapon has created controversy The legislation 's sponsor says the semi-automatic gun was a military standard for decades State Rep. Carl Wimmer denies he 's seeking publicity for a congressional run
CNN  -- It 's the question that everyone has been asking -- and now FIFA is ready to give us the answer . Just what happened on December 2 , 2010 when football 's world governing body FIFA decided to award the 2018 World Cup to Russia and the 2022 tournament to Qatar might be about to be revealed ... or not . The world governing body says it will publish a redacted version of Michael Garcia 's report into the alleged wrongdoing surrounding the 2018 and 2022 bidding process . The move came following a two-day meeting of the organization 's executive committee in Marrakech , Morroco . What will we find out ? Possibly not a lot more to be honest . The report can not be published until legal proceedings against five men facing charges from the ethics committee have been concluded . Three members of the committee -- Spain 's MarÃa Villar Llona , Wowrawi Makudi , of Thailand and Belgium 's Michel D'Hooghe -- were being investigated by Garcia for either alleged code breaches during the bidding process or for failing to comply with his probe . Harold Mayne-Nicholls , who led the inspection team visiting the candidates to host the 2018 and 2022 tournaments and former German World Cup winner Franz Beckenbauer are also facing charges from the FIFA ethics committee which both men have denied . Blatter also confirmed that Garcia has been replaced by his deputy , Cornel BorbÃ © ly , who he describes as "  an outstanding lawyer . " What has been the hold up ? FIFA had always maintained that it could not publish the full report , compiled by independent investigator Michael Garcia , because it would break witness confidentiality . But it turned out that not everybody agreed -- and neither did Domenico Scala , FIFA 's head of compliance . Michel Platini , the president of European football 's governing body UEFA , and Sunil Gulati , the head of U.S. Soccer had both been advocates of publishing the report . Several leading figures such as vice-president Jim Boyce , who told British Newspaper The Times that FIFA must take this "  massive " opportunity to restore the public 's trust in the organization . The report created tensions within the football world when Garcia said it should be published last September . FIFA did n't like that at all ; his request was rejected and it came close to disciplining the New York lawyer for speaking out , according to Garcia . Instead , last month , Hans-Joachim Eckert , a FIFA judge , published a 42-page summary of the report -- only for Garcia to respond immediately by claiming the German 's publication contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations . " Eckert 's summary cleared Russia and Qatar of any wrongdoing . When Garcia appealed against Eckert 's findings he was told his complaint was inadmissible . That was a decision which prompted the U.S. attorney to quit his role and launch a fierce attack on FIFA , accusing it of a "  lack of leadership . " Aside from the politics , the World Cup is big business . According to Forbes , FIFA made $ 2 billion off the back of the 2014 tournament in Brazil . Not bad for a not-for-profit organization . Who is Michael Garcia ? Garcia was the man chosen by FIFA to head up the investigation into alleged corruption during the World Cup bidding process . He worked as the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York between 2005 and 2008 on some of the highest profile cases in the city . When he took on the role of FIFA 's independent investigator in July 2012 he promised to get to the bottom of what had happened . Over 19 months , he compiled a report examining each of the bidding teams and speaking to witnesses from across the world of football . His 430-page report was delivered in September and given to Eckert to read . Why did he resign ? Garcia quit on the eve of the meeting in Marrakech and did n't go quietly . In a statement issued just 24 hours after his appeal was rejected , Garcia made public his frustration . "  It now appears that , at least for the foreseeable future , the Eckert Decision will stand as the final word on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bidding process , " he said . "  No independent governance committee , investigator , or arbitration panel can change the culture of an organization . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he was surprised by Garcia 's resignation but that the "  work of the Ethics Committee will nonetheless continue . " What is going on at FIFA ? FIFA has taken a battering in the press -- particularly the British press -- following its failure to deal with the furor surrounding the Garcia report . Football fans are growing tired of the body 's refusal to reform , while former players such as England 's Gary Lineker have taken to Twitter to vent their frustration . Sponsors such as Visa and Coca-Cola have both issued statements criticizing FIFA over its lack of transparency , while Sony will not be renewing its partnership with the organization when its endorsement deal ends in the near future . There is still widespread skepticism at the way Russia and Qatar won the rights to host the next World Cup even though both were cleared of any wrongdoing and deny any allegations of wrongdoing . Meanwhile Blatter , the president who is still going strong at the age of 78 , is expected to stand for a fifth term as head of FIFA . That plan has angered both UEFA and the English Football Association , which have said is time for the Swiss to stand down . Blatter faces little competition to retain his presidency and is already assured of support from Asia , Africa and South America . Jerome Champagne , the only man to have openly declared his candidacy , is unlikely to trouble Blatter at the polls . Will the World Cup still be held in Qatar ? It looks likely at the moment , despite huge protests over the Gulf State 's human rights record and the allegations of corruption which surrounded the bid , that Qatar will keep the tournament . Blatter certainly showed no sign of objecting , insisting that FIFA will not revisit the 2018 and 2022 vote . According to a report by DLA Piper and confirmed by the government , 964 workers from Bangladesh , India and Nepal died while living and working in the country in 2012 and 2013 . The International Trade Union Confederation has estimated that 4,000 workers could die while working on projects by the time the 2022 World Cup begins . The Qatari government says there are more than over 1.4 million foreign workers currently plying their trade in the country and conditions are improving . According to the Qatar Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy , the organization responsible for the World Cup , huge progress has been made to improve the lives of migrant workers . It says that it "  is committed to improving labor conditions for workers employed on 2022 FIFA World Cup projects and the Workers ' Welfare Committee works to achieve the highest possible standards for those employed on its projects -- this not only includes construction workers , but also workers of service suppliers . " What next ? All eyes will remain firmly on Blatter as we enter 2015 and the FIFA presidential contest which will be held in May . The report is unlikely to be published any time soon given the legal constraints . More is likely to be revealed in the coming weeks but there are other avenues which could bring more revelations . The FBI is currently running an inquiry into whether there was any wrongdoing , while the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom is doing similar work . For now thought , it 's a case of wait and see .	FIFA says it will publish Garcia report with redactions Decision taken by executive committee on Friday Qatar and Russia cleared of alleged wrongdoing Michael Garcia resigned from his position on Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama and his administration make their case for a military strike against Syria , officials from the president on down worry the regime 's chemical weapons stockpiles could eventually endanger America 's friends . "  If fighting spills beyond Syria 's borders , these weapons could threaten allies like Turkey , Jordan and Israel , " the president said in his speech to the nation Tuesday night . The administration and its allies are careful to make sure the case to launch military action against Syria is not seen as being solely motivated by the desire to protect America 's closest friend in the region : Israel . Is the CIA arming Syrian rebels ? As part of its effort to build support for its position , the administration has reached out to American-Jewish leaders and groups , several sources familiar with the effort confirmed to CNN . With the holiest days of the Jewish calendar being observed -- Yom Kippur begins at sundown on Friday -- the White House has had several conference calls with hundreds of rabbis just as they are readying the content of their sermons . Obama participated in a previously scheduled call two weeks ago in which Syria was a major topic , and Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes took part in a special call Tuesday with 700 rabbis solely on Syria . Rabbi Julie Schonfeld , executive vice president of the Rabbinical Assembly , helped organize Tuesday 's session with Rhodes . She told CNN she solicited questions from the participating rabbis who mostly wanted to ask about the "  complex moral and ethical concerns " of the Syria issue , such as the possible unintended consequences . "  That is what the rabbis were looking for -- more details about how they are addressing " those questions since Syria is going to be a major theme of their holiday sermons . "  This is not an Israel issue , " Schonfeld said . "  The Jewish community is always concerned about issues in the Middle East as we ought to be . " However , Israel and the impact of Syria are part of the unspoken equation . One argument made by the administration centers on Iran -- concerns about its nuclear capabilities and how strongly the United States is willing to push Iran are major points of interest for the Jewish community and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  A failure to stand against the use of chemical weapons would weaken prohibitions against other weapons of mass destruction and embolden Assad 's ally , Iran -- which must decide whether to ignore international law by building a nuclear weapon , or to take a more peaceful path , " the president said Tuesday evening . Putin slaps down Obama , challenges U.S. exceptionalism The Iran question also motivated several groups to call for congressional action . About 250-300 activists from the pro-Israel lobbying group AIPAC descended on Washington on Tuesday , visiting 300 congressional offices , an AIPAC source told CNN . "  This critical decision comes at a time when Iran is racing toward obtaining nuclear capability . Failure to approve this resolution would weaken our country 's credibility to prevent the use and proliferation of unconventional weapons and thereby greatly endanger our country 's security and interests and those of our regional allies , " AIPAC said in its statement last week . Now that the White House has asked for a delay in any congressional vote as it pursues a possible diplomatic resolution , there is not the same urgency to help the administration build support . AIPAC has put its lobbying effort on hold for now , an AIPAC source told CNN . Another major influential group , the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations , also weighed in . "  Failing to take action would damage the credibility of the U.S. and negatively impact the effort to prevent Iran from achieving a nuclear weapons capability , " read a statement released from the conference last week . All eyes turn to U.S.-Russia talks Sensitive to any criticism about why they are acting , community leaders insist Israel and its fate are not the reason . "  The decision we reached was not because of outside pressure , " Malcolm Hoenlein , executive vice chairman of the conference , told CNN , adding American security concerns because of the violation of norms could be "  dangerous in the future . " It "  was not because of Israel ... or pressure from Israel . " For its part , Israel has avoided publicly discussing the possible votes in Congress on a resolution to give the president authority to strike so as not to be seen as trying to influence the outcome . Also , Jewish activists tell CNN that the history of the holocaust , the idea of a country gassing its own citizens , is a powerful motivator to help push the administration 's case . While many of the president 's allies in Congress have been reluctant to support military action , he did get some support from one of his fiercest critics . Nevada billionaire and major Republican donor Sheldon Adelson , a major supporter of Israel , told National Journal , "  He is our commander in chief , whether we like what he says politically or not . " Adelson , who donated more than $ 100 million to Republican causes in last year 's election , added , "  I would be willing to help out the administration , because I believe it 's the right thing to do . He is our only-we do n't have any other commander in chief . "	Israel 's fear of chemical weapons attacks is fueling increased conversations Jewish-American groups are quietly meeting with White House officials Conservative billionaire Sheldon Adelson supports the Obama administration 's approach
CNN  -- Libya 's National Transitional Council handed over power Wednesday to the General National Congress , the national assembly formed by last month 's elections . The ceremony in a conference center in Tripoli marked the country 's first peaceful government transition since before Moammar Gadhafi seized power in 1969 . Wednesday 's event was held on the 20th day of Ramadan , a date chosen to mark the anniversary of the start of the liberation of the capital city from Gadhafi 's grip . Gadhafi 's son seeks travel ban waiver , lawyer says NTC Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil and the oldest member of the body , Mohammed Ali Salim , signed documents marking the event . Jalil then walked to the microphone and announced that the NTC had handed over the "  constitutional powers of running the country " and that the GNC was , from that moment , the "  sole legitimate representative of the Libyan people . " As he spoke , the crowd rose to its feet and broke out in cheers , with some chanting "  Allahu Akbar ! "  "  God is Great ! "  Others chanted a line that had become famous during the revolution : "  The blood of martyrs will not go wasted ! " Many cried at the empowerment of the new assembly , which represents the country 's first body formed in a free and fair election in more than 47 years . Interim Prime Minister Abdul Rahim al-Kib appeared moved as he hugged Jalil . The special representative of the secretary general of the United Nations to Libya , Ian Martin , smiled as Jalil announced the handover . Members of the 200-person body took the oath of office en masse , and Jalil told them what they already knew : they face major challenges in security and disarmament . Militias who helped oust Gadhafi continue to operate without government oversight , still hold thousands of detainees and continue to carry out arbitrary detentions . Libya rebels move onto Syrian battlefield On Sunday , unknown individuals attacked the residence of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Misrata . None of the seven staff members inside the building at the time of the attack was hurt , but the building suffered extensive damage , the ICRC said in a statement . The attack marked the fifth in less than three months against the ICRC in Misrata and Benghazi and led Ishfaq Muhamed Khan , the head of the ICRC 's delegation in Libya , to suspend operations in those two cities . In addition , a bomb exploded Saturday in central Tripoli in what officials said was a local dispute . And last week , a bomb exploded near a security headquarters building in Benghazi . Officials reported defusing two other bombs around that time , including one found in the basement of the Tibesti Hotel , which is frequented by government officials , foreign delegations and nationals . It was not clear when the GNC 's first official meeting would be held . One of its first jobs will be to elect a speaker and deputies . It will have 30 days from its first official session to appoint a prime minister . It is also tasked with overseeing the drafting of a constitution . Kidnapped Libya Olympic chief released	Ceremony marks the first peaceful transition of power in more than 40 years in Libya Security issues remain a major concern Moammar Gadhafi was ousted and killed last year
CNN  -- A frog that eats birds and a gecko with leopard stripes are among the 163 new species discovered last year in the Greater Mekong region of southeast Asia , according to a report by the World Wildlife Fund . The Cat Ba leopard gecko is found exclusively in Cat Ba Island National Park in northern Vietnam . The discovery of 100 new plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals and one bird species highlights the extent of the biodiversity in the region , said Barney Long , head of the WWF 's Asian Species Conservation program . "  It 's a melting pot of diverse habitats . It has some of the wettest forests on the planet , high mountains , and a diverse array of terrestrial and marine habitats , including the Mekong River , " he said . "  We continue to find new species of fish , primates and mammals , and nowhere else compares to the amount of large mammals that have been discovered in the region . It shows how little we know about species in the region , " he said . "  From a biodiversity perspective , there are still huge amounts to discover about region . " The Greater Mekong consists of the countries through which the Mekong River flows : Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand , Vietnam and Yunnan Province of China . With 16 global ecoregions -- areas defined by their shared ecological features and animal communities -- the Greater Mekong has more protected spaces than anywhere else on mainland Asia , according to the WWF . The colorful Cat Ba leopard gecko of northern Vietnam has large , orange-brown "  catlike eyes " and a body of leopard stripes , according to a report released Friday . Its name refers to its place of origin , Cat Ba Island , the largest of 366 islands in Cat Ba Archipelago and home to many rare species that can only be found on the island . Scientists believe the high number of species unique to the island might be due to the long separation of the island from continental Vietnam , the report says . Limnonectes megastomias -- a fanged frog with an appetite for other frogs , insects and birds -- has only been found in three remote areas of medium-to-high altitudes in eastern Thailand . Globally , new species of mammals are rare finds , but in 2008 alone , new species of the mouselike musk shrew and a tube-nosed bat emerged from the region . See photos of newly discovered species " War and political unrest have kept large parts of the region , particularly Vietnam , Laos and Myanmar , off-limits to scientific exploration up until the past two decades , Long said . Since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered , many that can not be found anywhere else , said Dekila Chungyalpa , director of WWF 's Greater Mekong Program . But the rapid pace of development in the Mekong region , coupled with the effects of climate change , are threatening to drive the species into extinction , Chungyalpa said . "  As we become familiar with more species in the region , our understanding of climate change and how it impacts these new species is changing , " she said . Chungyalpa said conservative estimates by the WWF project a 1-meter rise in sea level on the delta 's coastline over the next decade , which will affect not only marine life , but also people who rely on the delta as a source of sustenance and employment , she said . In 2007 , the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released its Fourth Assessment Report , which projected that global sea levels could rise from 18 to 59 centimeters  7 to 23 inches  over the next century based on six possible scenarios . Already , Chungyalpa said , the area has been affected by an increase in tropical storms off the coast , which brings in more seawater and changes the flooding patterns in the delta . Some researchers , however , have questioned the link between climate change and more intense tropical storms . Apart from climate change , construction of dams and hydropower plants along the delta could further disrupt its waters , potentially displacing millions , destroying sources of drinkable water and disrupting the production of rice , Chungyalpa said . "  The delta is the rice bowl of the region . What will happen to people who depend on it if it 's no longer there ? " she said . The WWF says it supports the idea of an agreement among the Mekong countries on how to respond to infrastructure development and climate change in terms of protecting its natural resources and people . "  Climate change is making it obvious that we ca n't treat development like it 's a separate issue , " she said . "  We need to be addressing this issue now . It 's such an immediate issue for us and it 's going to change everything in this region if we do n't address it . "	Discoveries highlight extent of region 's biodiversity , World Wildlife Fund says 100 plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals , 1 bird species found WWF : Pace of development in region , climate change threaten species to extinction Since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered in Greater Mekong
CNN  January 26 , 2015 I 've been here 10 days now , and spent last weekend on call at ELWA Hospital , the 55-bed facility that SIM runs just outside Monrovia , Liberia 's capital city . The news here is good -- the Ebola epidemic really seems to be coming to an end . But in the health care setting in particular , its effects will be felt for many months to come . Many outward changes have been made at ELWA due to the Ebola crisis . All patients , staff and visitors now enter the hospital compound through a single gate where people must wash their hands with bleach and have their temperatures checked before entry . Bleach is everywhere throughout the hospital . Staff members with sprayers wash down the floors multiple times per day . They are on hand after surgeries or other exposures to blood or body fluids to decontaminate staff before they take off their gowns and gloves . Temporary buildings have been erected to house our outpatient clinic , because our old clinic became part of the Ebola Treatment Unit , ELWA-2 . But for the most part , ELWA Hospital is up and running , and most beds are full . For me personally , the first week was about confronting the reality of death . Many patients die in the hospital -- this should not be a surprise , right ? But emotionally it is a challenge to face mortality so frequently . We counseled several patients about their metastatic cancer this week , presenting them with the hard information that the cancer had progressed beyond a stage where anything could be done from the medical point of view . We talk with these patients privately , off the busy ward ; then , along with the hospital 's chaplain , we pray for them if they wish . The comfort and compassion we offer , along with an honest explanation in plain language , are important hallmarks of the work we do . Friday , we had a 5-month-old infant arrive from Buchanan , about a three-hour drive down the coast , in very critical condition with pneumonia , sepsis and a distended abdomen . Very few hospitals have opened , so ELWA was the closest one the family could get to . Sadly , she died about 30 minutes after arriving . Although we doubted this child had Ebola , we wore protective gear as we tried to revive her and then performed an Ebola test to be sure , which turned out to be negative . Thinking about the possibility of Ebola is going to be with us for a long time , maybe forever . Later , we received a woman in her 40s who had been sick for about six months . She had lost weight and was so weak she was unable to walk . Examination revealed a mass that seemed most consistent with ovarian cancer . She died during the night . We might not have been able to help her if she had come to a hospital sooner , because of the type of cancer she had , but if she had known her condition , her end of life journey might have been different . We mourn with these families and others who are losing their loved ones not to Ebola virus , but certainly to the greater impact the epidemic has had on the health care system . The bright spot for the weekend was doing two cesarean sections on Sunday with Rebecca , a Canadian doctor in her first year out of residency . The first was a patient with a transverse lie  the baby lying sideways in the womb  ; the second a woman who had a big baby and not enough space to deliver . Both of these babies came out alive and responded to some basic resuscitation , with crying and healthy color . That was a relief , and was unlike August , when delays in getting to the hospital caused most of our deliveries and C-sections to be stillbirths . Finally , in the middle of the night I was called to go to the hospital to evaluate a woman who had delivered an hour and a half before . She had suddenly become dizzy and weak and then gone into shock . By the time I got there , despite IV fluids and oxygen , we had lost her . This was an unusual case -- one minute she was sitting up playing with her new baby and talking with the staff , and just a few minutes later she was gasping . She most likely had an amniotic fluid embolism , in which amniotic fluid entered her bloodstream and got into her lungs , a rare and catastrophic event which , even in the developed world , has an 85 % mortality rate as patients quickly go into shock . All through Monday , my heart was heavy from the losses of the weekend . I think my co-workers felt the same way . But as we sang hymns and prayed during morning devotions on Tuesday , we experienced a sense of unity and a release of our sadness . During the song "  I Surrender All , " the person leading devotions encouraged us to take the challenges we faced and the feelings that overwhelmed us and surrender them to Jesus , who loves us and shares our grief as we do this work in His name . It was just a relief to lay it all down at the feet of Jesus , restoring my spirit to be ready to care for the next patient who needs our compassion and concern .	Dr. Rick Sacra survived Ebola and is back in Africa , caring for patients He describes the triumphs and heartbreaks of his first days back Effects of Ebola epidemic will be felt for many months to come , he writes
Atlanta  CNN  Maybe the thieves did n't know what they were stealing . A NASCAR Sprint Cup car stolen from outside the hotel where the team was staying turned up on a rural Georgia road Saturday -- the day before the scheduled race at Atlanta Motor Speedway , but not in time for the team to qualify . The No. 44 Chevrolet was in a 26-foot trailer , which was hitched to a pickup truck that was stolen early Friday morning from the hotel in Morrow , Georgia , according to its owner , Team Xtreme Racing . The car normally travels in an 18-wheeler , but the hauler arrived at the Speedway early to escape bad weather back in Charlotte , North Carolina , the team said . The car remained behind for some minor work , said the team and driver Travis Kvapil . "  It was n't quite ready to go to the racetrack yet , " Kvapil told CNN on Saturday . "  The guys had to continue to do some more work on it at the shop , so they stayed back with the car and then just sent it down a day later with the truck and smaller trailer and parked it in the hotel parking lot . " The trailer with car inside arrived at the hotel Thursday night at 11 p.m. and hotel surveillance video shows the theft occurred at 5:32 a.m. Friday , the team said . "  I bet when whoever has it , opens the trailer and is going to be like ` oh snap ' , " Kvapil tweeted Friday . Early Saturday , the team tweeted photos of the recovered orange and blue car , in the dark on the side of a road . The Chevrolet was found by itself , minus the stolen Ford truck and trailer , in Loganville , about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta Motor Speedway , the team wrote in a series of tweets Saturday . The truck was found later Saturday on the side of a road in Stockbridge , just north of the Speedway , Morrow Police Sgt. Larry Oglesby said . The driver 's side door handle was broken and there was damage to the ignition , he said . The spare motor and extra parts that had been with the car were not found , according to Team Xtreme Racing . The man who found the race car , Philip Whitmer , says he was in disbelief when he saw it a few feet off the road . It was 2:30 a.m. and he was driving to his fiancée 's house when he spotted it . "  I was like , that looks like a NASCAR  car  , " Whitmer told CNN . "  I turned around , put my headlights on it , and there it was . " Whitmer says he called police , who at first did n't believe him . In front of the car were ramps and next to it were the straps that secured the car in the trailer , he said . There were also dusty handprints above the driver 's door , he said -- though it 's not clear whether they were from the thieves . "  Obviously they are someone that knows the area -- that 's what was going through my head , " Whitmer said . "  It 's got to be someone from around here . You do n't stumble across that road . " The theft forced the team to withdraw the car from Sunday 's Folds of Honor QuickTrip 500 , which was going to be the first Sprint Cup start of the season for Kvapil . "  The biggest thing is , we found that racecar , " Kvapil said . "  It 's a small team and this  would have been  a big setback for us if that was missing . It was enough of a setback as it was , not being able to qualify and run the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway this weekend . " Kvapil said he is "  really thankful and happy for all the guys who worked so hard on this car . They put a lot of hours into it , and it would have been a real shame if it was gone . " By Saturday afternoon , the No. 44 car was back at the team 's shop in Mooresville , North Carolina , where it will be given a thorough inspection . So far , Kvapil said , "  it looks shipshape . " Team owner John Cohen said they plan to compete in the rest of the 2015 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season . The next race is March 8 at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	The No. 44 car was stolen Friday from the team 's hotel Travis Kvapil was scheduled to drive it Sunday at Atlanta Motor Speedway It was found on the side of a rural road without the trailer or spare parts
CNN  -- It was once a potent symbol of Britain 's industrial revolution . With its myriad mills , factories , train lines and canals , the area surrounding King 's Cross railway station in London was a hive of production -- if smoggy and bleak . Today , this centrally located district is drawing in cutting-edge businesses big and small . "  It 's a really vibrant area , " explained local barista , Louis Gill . "  It 's got Central Saint Martins  college  , all the art students , the fashion students , interesting businesses , Guardian Media , and there 's a tech industry flourishing here as well . " See also : London 's insane luxury basements What Gill describes is the first stages of one of the large ` st regeneration projects in the UK . When finished , 2,000 new apartments and 23 new office buildings will stretch across 650,000 square meters  6.9 million square feet  of land to the north of central London . All in all , the ambitious project is set to cost an estimated $ 33 billion . "  We really wanted King 's Cross to be a mixed-use project with lots of offices , homes , retail , a proper destination with lots of different characters across the site and very much making the most of the fantastic heritage we have here , " said Robert Evans of Argent Developers , the company charged with bringing the project to life . Google has chosen this site to be its UK headquarters , BNP Paribas has reserved a substantial office space while the Grand Northern Hotel , which has stood as an icon of Kings Cross since 1854 , has had a makeover . A nearby Victorian grain store has also been refitted to host one of London 's most prestigious art schools . "  When we were talking to Google about why choose King 's Cross  and  what is it that makes it so attractive , of course they talked about the transport , ability to do a building of one million square feet in one place , but it 's also the tone of the place , " said Evans . "  They said to us what you 've managed to create here is something professional , not corporate . " "  With lots of different characters across the site  we are  very much making the most of the fantastic heritage we have here , " Evans added . A new power source This integrated mix of commercial and residential real estate development is impressive in its sweeping scale and ambition , but its not the only mega-project transforming a previously industrial area of the city . Battersea Power Station in southwest London opened in the 1930s and at its peak generated one fifth of the British capital 's power . See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury homes ? After it closed in 1983 , however , it was widely considered an eyesore . Plans to revamp the site never came to fruition -- until now . Work has begun on a project that will see 3,000 new homes , 120,000 square meters  1.29 million sq ft  of retail space and 160,000  1.72 million sq ft  square meters of offices built . Two new underground stations will connect the area to central London . "  This is a big project ... a challenging project , " said CEO of Battersea Power Station , Robert Tincknell . "  The equity that is necessary is very large , our shareholders have pledged up to Â # 1 billion  $ 1.63 billion  worth of equity . " "  Having that weight of support and financial backing behind this project has been the key to getting it over the line , " he added . Securing funds of this size in today 's market means sourcing money not just from London and the UK but from investors around the world as well . The Battersea development has been paid for by a consortium of funds that are partly owned by the Malaysian government . According to Stephen Miles-Brown , head of residential at property consultancy , Knight Frank , these investment trends reflect the nature of many major international projects today . "  Emerging economies like China , Malaysia , India , Indonesia , tend to see opportunities , tend to be braver , than the indigenous population . " "  Often , they come and they see there 's central London , there 's King 's Cross , there 's Elephant and Castle , there Stratford and they look in terms of their own cities .  They ask  it 's central London , why is n't everyone redeveloping this ? " "  They are  coming over here with large checkbooks , huge ambitions , and a great deal of skill . " See also : Meet the micro-homes offering big solutions So far , both King 's Cross and Battersea developments look like smart money for those who have stumped up the cash . Early interest from commercial and residential buyers has been high . Of the 900 apartments in phase one of the Battersea project , only seven remain unsold . As both projects continue and more property reaches the market , developers will hope this demand remains . With real-estate prices currently soaring and office space at a premium it seems the lure of London is feeding the furnaces , not of the industrial mills and power stations of days gone by , but of its burgeoning property sector .	Old industrial sites in London are being redeveloped to host new office and residential space Giant projects are underway at King 's Cross and Battersea Power Station Much of the funds for the projects have been provided by foreign investors
CNN  -- English Premier League leaders Manchester United have confirmed that midfielder Anderson has signed a contract extension that will keep him with the club until June 2015 . The Brazil international , who joined United from Porto in 2007 , has been rewarded for some recent superb performances , after returning to the side following a knee ligament injury . And the 22-year-old was particularly impressive in United 's 1-0 win over Arsenal on Monday -- a result that saw Alex Ferguson 's side return to the top of the table and keep alive their unbeaten league record this season . Speaking to the official United website , Ferguson said : "  We are delighted he has signed a new contract . "  Anderson has developed tremendously since joining us and he has fantastic potential at only 22 -- he is going to be a really top player . " The player himself added : "  This is the best club to be at and I would like to thank everyone for the great support I have received over the years . "  I am looking forward to winning many more trophies with United and I am so pleased to have signed a new deal . " The news ends speculation about Anderson 's future , with French side Lyon and Panathinaikos of Greece amongst those rumored to be interested in buying the player .	Manchester United confirm that midfielder Anderson has signed a new contract The deal will keep the 22-year-old Brazilian with the club until June 2015 Anderson joined United in 2007 from Porto and has impressed in recent weeks
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The Bangladesh army said Thursday it foiled a military coup plot aimed at toppling the government of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina . Brig. General Muhammad Masud Razzaq said a group of serving and retired army officers "  with extreme religious views " was behind the plot . The plot was instigated by Bangladeshis living abroad , Razzaq told reporters . One of the conspirators was "  probably staying in Hong Kong , " the army spokesman said . An investigation was continuing . Razzaq said two retired officers â $ " Lt. Col. Ehsan Yusuf and Maj. Zakir â $ " were arrested . Officials are looking for a retired officer , Maj. Ziaul Haq , he said . Razzaq did not specify when the two officers were arrested . The army said it had evidence that some 16 officers , both retired and serving , were involved in the "  heinous conspiracy . " Hasina 's party , the Awami League , came to power in 2009 in a landslide victory after a military-backed unelected interim government ruled the country for two years following political violence over polls in January 2007 . Just two months after Hasina took office , 74 people , including 57 army officers serving the paramilitary border force , were killed in a mutiny over pay and perks . Hasina 's government is trying more than 800 border guards on charges of killing , arson and looting during the mutiny . Born as an independent country on December 16 , 1971 , Bangladesh has seen a series of military coups over the years . Hasina 's father , Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the founding leader of Bangladesh , was assassinated in the country 's first military putsch in 1975 . An army general-turned-president , Ziaur Rahman , was assassinated in another coup in 1981 . Zia 's widow , Khaleda Zia , who served as prime minister for two times , is now the leader of the opposition in parliament . A political ally of Hasina , Gen.Hussain Mohammad Ershad usurped the state power in a bloodless military coup in 1982 and ruled the country until December 1990 , when he was overthrown .	Army in Bangladesh says it foiled military coup General blames officers with ` extreme ' religious views Nation has a history of plots
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Reggae legend Lucky Dube , one of South Africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said Friday . Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans . Dube , 43 , was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time Thursday after someone tried to steal his car , Gallo Record Company said in a statement . Police said he was shot . The statement said Dube attempted to escape but died almost instantly from his wounds . Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England this weekend . News of his death was the headline in many Friday newspapers , knocking the World Cup off the front pages for the first time in days . Callers to talk radio stations suggested the Springboks wear black armbands in remembrance of Dube when they take to the field Saturday in Paris . Gallo Records called the death "  senseless and random , " and it was not clear whether Dube 's attackers knew who he was . South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world . Figures from the South African Police Service show that from April 2006 to March 2007 , more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked . "  It 's very sad , " said Mark Sutherland , London bureau chief for Billboard Magazine . "  He 's a big loss to the South African music business .  He was  one of their most successful artists and certainly one of their leading reggae artists . " Sutherland said Dube was an extremely respected musician who toured extensively around the world . Dube had just returned from a tour of the United States that stretched from California to New York . His record company said Dube leaves "  a great void " in the music industry after a 25-year career . Dube recorded 22 albums in Zulu , English and Afrikaans . Born outside Johannesburg in 1964 , Dube was named "  Lucky " by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies . Dube started singing in 1982 , joining a band playing Mbaqanga , or traditional Zulu music . It was only later that he began recording reggae tracks as a solo singer , but the genre was to dominate and define the remainder of his career . Ivor Haarburger , the chief exectutive of Gallo Music Group , said he was deeply saddened by the loss . "  Lucky was not just an extraordinary artist , he was a personal friend , " Haarburger said . "  It 's so sad to lose such a great friend and so tragically . " Dube is survived by his wife , Zanele , and his seven children : Bongi , Nonkululeko , Thokozani , Laura , Siyanda , Philani and three-month old Melokuhle . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Robin Curnow contributed to this report .	South African reggae legend Lucky Dube killed in attempted hijacking Dube , 43 , killed Thursday in Johannesburg after hijacker tried to steal his car Death casts shadow over South Africa 's preparations for rugby World Cup final
On Sunday , the Pentagon announced it transferred six Guantanamo Bay detainees to Uruguay for resettlement as refugees , a move which House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers says should be reconsidered . "  I 've been opposed to this notion that we 're going to farm out Gitmo to places , " Rogers told Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " noting most of the detainees sent to Uruguay are not originally from there . According to Rogers , the foreign intelligence services the United States pays to monitor the newly released detainees in countries such as Uruguay are often ill-equipped to handle the job . "  What we have found in the past is it does n't work very well , " he said . "  I do n't think that surprises anybody . So I argue that maybe we ought to rethink what we 're doing here . " Echoing the sentiments of many members of Congress , Rogers said some previously released prisoners are now re-engaged in the terrorist fight . "  We knew that was going to happen , " Rogers said . "  That 's why those of us who were trying to do the review of this were so concerned , because they were so interested in getting them out , that they forgot to do the due diligence -- I think -- that would allow them to at least protect those that were going to go back into the fight , from getting back into the fight . " Last week , the Obama administration suffered a huge setback in its attempt to close down the detention camp permanently when the House passed a $ 585 billion defense authorization bill excluding language that would have banned the transfer of any more prisoners to Guantanamo Bay , a stipulation the White House had sought . On Monday , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said it would also likely be absent from the final bill sent to the President 's desk . "  Our language  on Guantanamo  ... will not be in , " Levin told reporters last week . The President has sought to close Guantanamo Bay since he took office in 2008 -- and issued an executive order to do so in 2009 -- but has faced fierce opposition from members of Congress , like Rogers , who allege that doing so is a threat to national security . Outgoing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , who recently announced his resignation in light of administrative pressure , authorized the prisoner release , according to the Pentagon . His reluctance to approve the mission until now could have been a part of the tension leading to his resignation . But House Intelligence Committee member Adam Schiff , D-California , defended Hagel 's decision to delay the authorization of the mission , citing his continued concerns over the timing of the prisoner release . "  There were a couple of things I think Secretary Hagel had some continued concerns over , " Schiff said on CNN 's "  Newsroom . " "  He wanted to make sure that he was satisfied that he could sign on the dotted line . " Schiff pointed to Uruguay 's recent presidential election as one of the roadblocks . "  There was an election taking place in Uruguay , and I think the president -- who agreed to accept these detainees -- did n't want it to be an issue in the presidential campaign , " Schiff said . "  And so it was stayed until after that election was over . "	The Pentagon transferred six Guantanamo Bay detainees to Uruguay , it announced Sunday House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers says the move should be reconsidered Rogers says previously released prisoners have re-engaged in terrorism
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- If a state held a yard sale of government entities to bring in some much-needed cash , this might be what it would look like . Two Minnesota lawmakers have proposed selling the capital 's airport to alleviate the state 's budget deficit . Two Minnesota lawmakers are asking the state 's legislature to consider a proposal that would sell to private firms the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , along with other state property and programs , in an effort to bring in roughly $ 6 billion or more . Coincidence or not , that 's about the same size as the state 's estimated budget deficit . State Sen. Geoff Michel and state Rep. Laura Brod -- two Republicans from Minneapolis suburbs -- say they do n't want to go about solving the budget crisis in a traditional way . "  The discussion is often ` do you tax more , -LSB- or -RSB- do you spend less ? ' " Brod says . "  But it seems to me that there is a third option out there , and that 's reforming how government operates . " They also say their proposal is a way to spark debate over whether government should be in control of certain entities in the first place . "  Government does n't always have to do it , " Michel says . Running the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport  MSP  is a prime example of something the government could do without , they say . "  The airport is a significant asset , " Brod adds . "  Why is the state running the airport , which provides restaurants and shops and the functions and the operations that a private business probably would do very well ? "  So what we 're looking at is just ... raising the real question of ` what should government be doing ? ' " Watch the lawmakers discuss their proposal " Michel and Brod also cite a recent survey by J.D. Power and Associates that put the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport at the bottom of a list of 19 "  large airports " in terms of customer satisfaction . But they say their intention is not to "  indict " anyone -- merely to "  shine a little light on what is a new idea for Minnesota , " according to Brod . While privately owned and operated airports are much more common overseas , Michel and Brod could offer only one example of a similar notion in the United States : Chicago 's plan to privatize Midway airport . That plan , however , has yet to be finalized by the Federal Aviation Administration . Michel says their proposal might mimic the Midway deal in that it could be a leasing of the entire airport and its operations for a term of 99 years . Midway sold for $ 2.5 billion , and Michel estimates that , given how much more use MSP sees , Minnesota might be able to bring in $ 5 billion with its airport . Even though a final draft of a proposed bill is still days away from even being introduced , one lawmaker from across the aisle is already promising to make it an uphill battle . State Sen. Steve Murphy , a Democrat and chair of the transportation committee , says the plan is a "  horrible idea " and a "  gimmick . " "  You have to do what you have to do to get by -LSB- in -RSB- these economic times , and it 's not having a fire sale on government , " Murphy says . "  It 's sitting down with a sharp pencil and cutting out programs that have run their useful life . It 's cutting back on maybe Sen. Michel 's per diem , things like that . " The bill would have to get through Murphy 's committee before it could make it to the floor of the legislature , and Murphy says his panel "  would not go for this . " Despite the J.D. Power survey touted by Brod and Michel , Murphy calls the airport "  one of the best-run operations in the world . " "  This is ... government that works , " Murphy adds . "  So now we want to sell it ? For what reason ? " In response , Brod calls Murphy 's comments mere "  scare tactics . " And Michel adds : "  There 's nothing more predictable than a politician defending the status quo . And the days of status quo in Minnesota -- and , I think , the world -- are over . " Adeel Lari , a research fellow at the Center for Transportation Studies in the Hubert Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota , specializes in innovative financing in state and local policy-making . He says privatization can work , but given the economy , now may not be the best time to consider selling anything , let alone an airport that could be worth billions of dollars . "  Everything is in turmoil , " Lari says . "  Even if it was the right thing to do , there 's no market for it . " Lari says the ideal philosophy -- "  buy low and sell high " -- would be next to impossible to realize in today 's situation . He says the state 's holdings would almost certainly go for a less-than-desirable price . Lari also worries the state may not see enough profit in the long run . "  Selling infrastructure is one-time money you 're getting , " Lari says . "  If you 're selling the infrastructure -LSB- as opposed to just the internal operations -RSB- then basically you 're losing out on everything . " The issue of whether the average customer -- the air traveler , in this instance -- would be protected has also come up . Jerry Zhao , an assistant professor at the University of Minnesota who focuses on state and local public finance , says privatizing has mixed results and may not be the best option , especially when it 's only considered "  as the last resort of the desperate . " "  Some recent cases of -LSB- public-private partnerships -RSB- of transportation facilities have led to widely spread concerns on whether the public interest is protected in these concessions , " Zhao says . "  Some services tend to be reserved for the public sector because of their ` public good ' nature that wo n't be factored into consideration by profit-oriented businesses . "  Without careful research , a desperate rush into selling or leasing public facilities may lose value on public assets , lose long-term interests of the public in the exchange of short-term budget benefits , and lose democratic control . " Michel and Brod say the airport is only the tip of the iceberg . Their bill will also include the sale of the Minnesota State Lottery . Brod says that in this case , it 's more of a fundamental question of ethics . "  Is gambling something that the state ought to be doing anyway ? " Brod asks rhetorically . The lottery would bring in between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion , they guess . It would be a different scenario , however , in that , since lottery proceeds come back to the state , Michel says they would include a provision to have the state keep that money . If not , he admits , they would n't be able to garner lawmaker support . It does n't end there . The lawmakers say they 're looking at everything the state owns as possible items to be auctioned off , including roads , parks , prisons , rest stops -- even the naming rights to public transit systems . Once drafted , the bill would have to pass through any relevant committees depending on what state entities end up in the final version . Only once it moves through could it be brought to the floor of the legislature . "  Our job now is to educate our fellow colleagues , " Michel says .	Minnesota lawmakers propose selling airport and other government holdings State , like many others , is struggling with budget woes Opposing lawmaker calls idea of selling government entities a "  gimmick " Financial experts say now might not be a good time to get a good return on sales
CNN  -- Berkeley , the famously liberal college town in California , has taken aim at Marine recruiters , saying they are "  not welcome in our city . " Berkeley passed a measure last week encouraging protesters to gather outside the Marine office . Republican lawmakers in Washington fired back this week , threatening to take back more than $ 2 million of federal funding to the city as well as money designated for the University of California-Berkeley , the campus that became a haven of protests during the Vietnam War . The battle erupted after the Berkeley City Council approved a measure last week urging the Marine recruiters to leave their downtown office . "  If recruiters choose to stay , they do so as uninvited and unwelcome intruders , " the item says . It goes on to say the council applauds residents and organizations that "  volunteer to impede , passively or actively , by nonviolent means , the work of any military recruiting office located in the City of Berkeley . " See photos of protesters camped outside Marine office " Outside the Shattuck Avenue recruiting station earlier this week , a handful of protesters with the anti-war group Code Pink camped out , strumming a guitar as they sang anti-war songs and held signs against the Iraq war . "  Time to end the war , time to end the war , time to end the war right now , " they sang to the beat of "  I 've Been Working on the Railroad . " Watch protesters sing "  I Ai n't Afraid " " One giant sign said , "  No Military Predators in Our Town . " Another message on a pink placard read , "  Join the Marines . Travel to Exotic Lands . Meet Exciting and Unusual People -- And Kill Them . " Zanne Joi peered out from under her straw hat . "  This Marine recruiting station is trying to recruit our youth to go to Iraq to kill and be killed . And we are against that , " said Joi , a member of Code Pink Women for Peace . "  This is part of a multi-pronged effort to end this war . " Protester Sharon Adams added : "  This recruiting station recruits people to go fight and then once they fight and they serve their country , our country does n't take care of them . That 's a shame . " But not everyone here supports the protesters . Watch young men confront protesters " Forrest Smith , who described himself as a veteran of U.S. Special Forces , said his son recently returned from a tour in Iraq and his daughter served in Afghanistan . "  My position on this is the Marines are the best thing we have , " said Smith , decked out in Army fatigues . He blasted the City Council for its action . "  It 's clearly an abuse of power . " A group of young students who strolled down the sidewalk shared that sentiment . They derided one of the protesters who argued the United States was involved in an illegal war in Iraq . "  Where 's the logic in that whatsoever ? " one of the young men said . "  That 's our national security , and you 're here protesting the Marines . " Another said , "  It makes me sick . It makes me sick . " Gunnery Sgt. Pauline Franklin , a spokeswoman for the Marine Corps Recruiting Command , told CNN there is "  no plan for that office to move . " She said recruiters are there to "  provide information to qualified men and women who are looking for opportunities that they may benefit from by serving in the military . " "  The Marine Corps is here to support and defend the Constitution of the United States , which does guarantee the freedom of speech , " Franklin said . "  In terms of the situation in Berkeley , the City Council and the protesters are exercising their right to do so . " In Washington , a group of Republican lawmakers have introduced the Semper Fi Act of 2008 -- named after the Marine motto -- to rescind more than $ 2 million of funds for Berkeley and transfer it to the Marine Corps . "  Like most Americans , I really get disturbed when taxpayer money goes to institutions which proceed to take votes , make policy or make statements that really denigrate the military , " said Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , a co-sponsor of the bill . He told CNN he believes the bill will pass . "  I think it 's going to have significant support . " The bill 's co-sponsor , Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , said in a written statement , "  Berkeley needs to learn that their actions have consequences . " Berkeley 's declaration , which was introduced by the city 's Peace and Justice Commission , accuses the United States of having a history of "  launching illegal , immoral and unprovoked wars of aggression and the Bush administration launched the most recent of those wars in Iraq and is threatening the possibility of war in Iran . " It adds , "  Military recruiters are salespeople known to lie to and seduce minors and young adults into contracting themselves into military service with false promises regarding jobs , job training , education and other benefits . " Out on Shattuck Avenue , it appears the protesters have no plans to leave anytime soon . "  We are the civilian population ; we control the military , " Adams said . "  We the people have to take back our control of the military . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Castel and Peter Ornstein contributed to this story from Berkeley , and CNN 's Dick Uliano contributed from Washington .	Berkeley , California , tells Marine recruiters they 're "  not welcome in our city " GOP lawmakers introduce bill to take $ 2 million in federal funds from city Protester says recruiters attract youth "  to go to Iraq to kill and be killed " Veteran blasts City Council , says Marines are "  the best thing we have "
CNN  -- In the wake of last week 's tragedy in Newtown , I have been asked a million questions about gun control . I 've seen pictures of the weapon the killer used . I 've heard stories about the number of bullets in the clip and the number of guns in his mother 's home . I 've even heard politicians argue that school officials should be armed with semiautomatic weapons . I 've also heard about mental health . We should be careful not to blame the mentally ill for all crimes . But we should also be prepared to accept that we might be able to prevent some tragedies if we did a better job of caring for them . I 've seen mental health illness in children , and our system is ill-equipped to handle it . I 've seen families struggle with it . One of my greatest frustrations with clinical practice is that there are far too many times when I lack the tools necessary to care for children who need help . It 's relatively easy to cure an infection or an acute physical ailment . It 's so much harder to take a mental health issue . There are rarely pills that will do the job . Even when they are , they almost never work perfectly to eradicate the problem . Opinion : On gun control , two places to start Studies show that more than 10 % of children in the United States might benefit from some sort of mental health treatment . Most do n't get it . We often do n't have the research to tell us how best to care for these problems . Even when we do , we often lack the capacity . There is a shortage of resources and services available to serve children . Furthermore , even when those resources exist , a lack of coordination often prevents they 're being used effectively . It does n't help that the upcoming fiscal cliff will likely cut National Institutes of Health research funding by $ 2.4 billion . That would mean 2,300 fewer grants in the coming year , which represents about 25 % of grants that might otherwise be offered . It does n't help that we keep talking about cuts to services such as Medicaid and the Children 's Health Insurance Program , which cover the health care for about one in every three children in the United States . If a child is actively suicidal or homicidal , an emergency room can spring into action and admit him or her for inpatient care . But that 's often all inpatient care will do . Once a child is no longer actively threatening harm to himself or others , he or she will be released . That 's what the hospital system does . It cares for the acute problem , leaving the long term , and often much harder , work to a system ill-equipped to handle it . Opinion : Mourn ... and take action on guns It 's natural to try and blame poor parenting when kids do n't turn out as well as we 'd hope . And , certainly , in many instances such parenting can lead to a misbehaving child , or even a child we do n't necessarily like . But mental illness really does exist , and a lot of it ca n't be cured by good parenting and is n't caused by bad parenting . We do n't have a good system for dealing with it . I want to stress that I do n't think that all violence is associated with mental illness . In fact , it 's quite the opposite . But the problems with guns and injuries go so far beyond school shootings , and a lot of that is amenable to a more focused health care system . Opinion : Predicting mass killings impossible One of the things I do as a pediatrician is "  anticipatory guidance . " We ask questions about issues that have not yet occurred but might occur in the future . A lot of anticipatory guidance focuses on injury prevention . We might ask about bike helmets , or swimming , or fire alarms in the house . I even ask about guns in the home . I do n't ask this question because I 'm eager to lecture patients or parents on the morality of owning guns , or the rights of individuals under the Second Amendment . I 'm asking because I 'm trying to prevent injury or death . The No. 3 killer of children age 10-14 is suicide ; the fourth is homicide . The No. 2 killer of children age 15-19 is homicide ; No. 3 is suicide . Opinion : In school shootings , patterns and warning signs I have been trained to ask parents if they have a gun in the home . If they do , I ask how it 's stored . I strongly recommend that they keep it unloaded , locked up , and that they store the bullets separately . I do this because guns are part of almost 85 % of homicides and more than 45 % of suicides in kids 5 to 19 years old . This does n't even account for injuries not resulting in death . Yet recent laws have attempted to stop pediatricians from doing even this . I do n't know what the best outcome is from a tragedy like this . I imagine much of the focus will be on banning the weapon used or on limiting the number of bullets that could be fired without reloading . I think that 's somewhat missing the point . The vast majority of injuries or deaths due to guns are carried out on a small scale . While what happened in Newtown is a horrific occurrence , it represents the exception , not the norm , with respect to gun violence in the United States . While I welcome the opportunity for us to address the problem , I hope we focus on how we might best help all our children , not just those who make the national news . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron Carrroll : We might be able to prevent tragedies if we did better job treating mental illness Carroll says more than 10 % of kids should have mental health care , but few get it He says emergency rooms treat acute instances , but system ill-equipped for long-term treatment At checkups , he asks parents if guns are in house , but recent laws have tried to stop even this
CNN  -- Indigenous Indians located nine survivors of a plane that crashed in a river in the Amazon rain forest with 11 people onboard , according to the Brazilian air force . The nine passengers were in good health , the air force said Friday . Of the two people missing -- a passenger and a crew member -- one is believed to be dead . The air force did not provide further details . The plane was on its way to deliver health supplies Thursday when it crashed . It had taken off from Cruzeiro do Sul in Acre state and was headed to Tabatinga in Amazonas state . The plane landed in the Itui River between the tribe settlements of Aurelio and Rio Novo . Indians of the Matis tribe , who live in Aurelio , initially located the plane and alerted the Brazilian air force , which sent search planes to the site . Before the passengers were located , at least eight aircraft had been dispatched for the search operation , the air force said . Members of the Matis , an indigenous tribe of about 300 , live deep in the rain forest . Other area tribes were helping in a search for the two missing passengers along the shores of the Itui . CNN 's Mariane Teixeira contributed to this report .	Two people missing ; one believed to be dead Matis tribe Indians find plane and alert Brazilian air force
CNN  -- Until recently , fears of peak oil and dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers were the key factors shaping our energy policy , pushing governments to scramble for fossil fuel alternatives . Then came shale gas , tar sands , and other unconventional sources . Industry found ways to affordably extract fuel for decades to come . So many are now imagining an end to the energy crisis . That 's a dangerous mistake . First , even the most optimistic predictions leave our grandchildren exposed to an uncertain future . More immediately -- and maybe more importantly -- burning fossil fuels is the number one cause of global warming and its catastrophic consequences . We need to innovate alternative energy sources now more than ever ... and our choices are limited . There are few viable options that will preserve the levels of prosperity that modern industrial economies have come to expect . Solar , advanced nuclear fission , and fusion offer the best hope but , unfortunately , none are ready for large-scale deployment . All need time-consuming innovations so we can not afford to hesitate ; research must be ramped up across the board and government must keep up the pace . Of our three most promising technologies , fusion would be the biggest prize . It is in many respects the perfect energy source . Sea water provides millions of years of fusion fuel . Fusion reactions are safe , they emit neither radioactive waste nor greenhouse gasses and fusion reactors would take up relatively little space . The catch is fusion is very hard to do . Two isotopes of hydrogen  deuterium and tritium  must be held at 200-million degrees until they collide and fuse to make helium . It is not easy to build a device that runs at ten times the temperature of the Sun , but it is possible . In fact , the European experimental facility , JET -- hosted in the UK , has already done it . For a couple of seconds , it generated 16 megawatts of fusion power -- enough to supply around 8,000 homes . This is an astonishing achievement . We must now extend that duration and power and innovate technologies to make fusion electricity at a price that the consumer will pay . We 're working flat out on the first of those goals . Seven international partners representing more than half the world 's people are constructing the critical experiment right now in Southern France . Called ITER -- it is designed to reach a self-sustaining fusion burn -- the last scientific hurdle to fusion power . Construction will complete in 2020 with a fusion burn expected by 2030 . There are other approaches to fusion -- for example the laser experiments at the National Ignition Facility in California -- but for many of us in the scientific trenches , the fusion burn on ITER is expected to be the defining moment . But what about our second objective of economic viability ? ITER is n't meant to achieve that goal . In addition to clearing our last remaining scientific hurdle , we need to advance a parallel engineering agenda into key reactor technologies that will enable commercial fusion power plants to reliably deliver electricity in a highly competitive market . This means technological advances in areas such as structural and functional materials , power conversion , and reliability . China and Korea are on the job but the U.S. and Europe are reluctant to face the engineering issues . Certainly , cost increases on ITER have n't helped . If we continue to starve the technological research agenda of funds , however , we risk delaying fusion power and ceding technological leadership to China and Korea . It goes without saying that resources are limited in our recession-ravaged economies ... but disinvesting in seed corn is obviously self-defeating . What can we afford ? The world energy market is approximately $ 5 - $ 10 trillion  $ 6.5-13 trillion  a year . The total world spend on energy research is about 0.5 % of this -- strikingly low . Fusion research including ITER construction is less than $ 1.5 billion  $ 2 billion  a year -- not even 0.05 % of the market . We are , it seems , not taking the threat of climate change and energy shortages seriously . In this context , the roughly $ 200-500 million  $ 260-650 million  per year needed to vigorously pursue the parallel track of technology innovation in fusion seems absurdly small . We often hear that Thomas Malthus ' dire predictions about population growth were wrong because humans innovated solutions to food shortages . Will we innovate ourselves out of our long-term energy constraints too ? Only if we sufficiently fund alternative energy research now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Cowley .	Fusion power is , in many ways , the perfect energy source , says Steven Cowley Few viable energy options will preserve prosperity in modern industrial countries Experiments at ITER in France aim to create fusion power by 2030 More alternative energy funding and research required to help solve energy crisis
London , England  CNN  -- It was n't Julia Roberts , Angelina Jolie or even Meryl Streep that was named the most profitable actress of the decade -- instead , 19-year-old British actress Emma Watson took the title . Films that the young actress has appeared in have made more money than those of any other Hollywood starlet , despite her being in only the "  Harry Potter " series and voicing a character in an animated film . Over the course of the decade , films that Watson was involved in made $ 5.4 billion worldwide and these boasted the highest average box office earnings , making roughly $ 900 million per film . More notable actresses like Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet were beaten in the list conducted by the Guinness Book of World Records . Watson got her start at the age of ten , playing a young wizard in the first "  Harry Potter " film back in 2001 . Since then , she has starred in five subsequent Potter movies and voiced the character of a young princess in the animated film , "  The Tale of Despereaux . " Ali Jaafar , International Editor at Variety Magazine said it was notable that Watson was a big grosser , but it would be interesting to see how her career progressed . "  She 's untested apart from the Harry Potter franchise , but these are young actors and it 'll be interesting to see how they develop their careers , " Jaafar told CNN . "  It 's always hard for child actors to develop . " Orlando Bloom was named the highest grossing actor of the decade , taking in more than $ 7 billion for his role in movies like "  Lord of the Rings " and "  Pirates of the Caribbean . "	Emma Watson 's films grossed more than $ 5 billion worldwide Watson 's movies grossed on average $ 900 million per film Orlando Bloom is most profitable male actor of decade
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- JetBlue Airways and two TSA screeners will pay $ 240,000 to settle an Iraqi man 's claim he was denied access to a flight until he covered a T-shirt that read in English and Arabic , "  We Will Not be Silent . " JetBlue and two TSA screeners settled a lawsuit for $ 240,000 , but denied any wrongdoing . In the settlement , JetBlue and the TSA screeners deny any wrongdoing , saying they only wanted to resolve the 2 1/2 - year-old federal lawsuit . But Raed Jarrar , an Iraqi who immigrated to the United States three years ago , cast the settlement as a victory , saying the payout would discourage airlines and airport security officials from imposing restrictions in the future . ACLU attorney Aden Fine , who represented Jarrar , also called it a victory . "  A $ 240,000 award should send a clear and strong message to all TSA officials and to all airlines that what happened here is wrong and should not happen again , " he said . The TSA screeners -- Garfield Harris and Franco Trotta -- declined comment , referring questions to their attorneys , who also declined comment , and the TSA . TSA spokesman Christopher White , while noting that the TSA was not a party to the suit , said "  There is absolutely no intention to take disciplinary action against the employees involved . " The incident occurred August 12 , 2006 -- two days after the United Kingdom revealed a plot to bomb planes to the United States had been foiled . In response , the United States imposed a ban on carry-on liquids , and raised the threat level at airports . Jarrar , now 30 , said he was attempting to travel on JetBlue flight 101 from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport to Oakland , California , when he was approached by TSA officers . The officers told him he 'd have to cover his T-shirt . "  When I asked why , one of the TSA officers said , ` Coming into an airport while wearing a T-shirt with Arabic letters on it was equivalent to going into a bank while wearing a shirt saying , ' I am a robber , ' " Jarrar said . Jarrar said he originally refused to cover up the shirt , first asking to speak to a supervisor , and asking if there was a law prohibiting Arabic shirts . "  I said , ' I think as a U.S. resident and taxpayer , I think it 's my constitutional right -LSB- to express myself -RSB- , ' " said Jarrar , adding the T-shirt 's message was not threatening . Jarrar said he finally relented when it became obvious he could n't get on the plane without complying . The officials purchased a T-shirt for him to wear , he said . "  They had actually a discussion in front of me . One said , ` Let 's buy an "  I -LSB- heart -RSB- New York " shirt . ' And another said , ` No , we ca n't take him from one extreme to another . ' " "  I said , ` What makes you assume that I do n't love New York ? ' " Jarrar said they eventually bought him a "  generic gray " T-shirt with the words "  New York " on it . "  They tried to say this is a compromise ... I said , ` It is not a compromise , you are denying me my rights , ' " Jarrar said . Airline officials also changed his seats without consulting him , forcing him to to sit in the back where flight attendants kept an eye on him , Jarrar claims . According to court documents , TSA screener Trotta said he remembers Harris telling Jarrar he "  had perhaps not made the best choice of clothing " given the events two days earlier . But "  at no point in time did he ever request or order that the passenger change his shirt or suggest that his failure to do so " would keep him off the flight . Jarrar said he is disappointed the TSA and airline did not apologize to him . In a written statement to CNN , JetBlue said it was pleased with the settlement . "  The settlement amount represents a fraction of the amount originally sought by Mr. Jarrar , " spokesman Bryan Baldwin said . "  JetBlue continues to deny , outright , every critical aspect of Mr. Jarrar 's version of events . " "  At no time did anyone from JetBlue ever say he could not board the aircraft unless he changed his T-shirt , " Baldwin said . ACLU attorney Fine said Jarrar did not sue TSA directly because of "  legal considerations . " "  It 's much more difficult to sue a government agency than it is to sue the direct government employee that committed the unconstitutional act , " he said . But the JetBlue settlement should accomplish the same goal , he said . "  It 's very difficult to bring these kinds of cases and to prevail on these kinds of cases , especially in a post 9/11 world in which airline officials and government officials have been given an extreme amount of latitude , " Fine said . Jarrar said the slogan on the T-shirt -- "  We Will Not Be Silent " -- originated in Germany as a campaign against the Nazi repression . He said artists in New York have printed it in various languages .	JetBlue and the TSA screeners denied any wrongdoing JetBlue , TSA screeners , said they only wanted to resolve the 2 1/2 - year-old lawsuit Iraqi Raed Jarrar immigrated to the United States three years ago Jarrar cast the settlement as a victory
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's reign as king of the Australian Open is over . The world No. 2 , a winner at Melbourne Park in each of the last three years , was beaten in a grueling five-set contest by eighth seed Stanislas Wawrinka . At the end of a marathon four-hour encounter , it was Switzerland 's Wawrinka who converted his first match point to seal a 2-6 6-4 6-2 3-6 9-7 win over the six-time grand slam champion . Wawrinka will play Tomas Berdych for a place in Sunday 's final , after the Czech upset third seed David Ferrer in Tuesday 's earlier quarterfinal . Energy-sapping duels between Wawrinka and Djokovic have become the norm over the past 12 months , with the Serb emerging on top until now . At the 2012 Australian Open , Djokovic edged a fourth round match 12-10 in the fifth while the two once again went the distance in their U.S. Open semifinal . Djokovic won that match and he was protecting an unbeaten run which stretched back to his defeat by Rafael Nadal in the final in New York . "  He 's in a great form , " Djokovic told reporters when asked about Wawrinka . "  In the last 15 months he 's had the best results . He 's established now in top 10 . He 's been winning against top players in big tournaments . "  So he knows how to play now on the big stage . You could feel that with his game . He 's really taking to the opponent and stepping in . When you 're playing like this , the only thing I can say is congratulations . " Berdych is into the semifinals of the season 's first grand slam for the first time after falling at the quarterfinal stage in each of the past three tournaments . The seventh seed will play in the last four of a major for the first time since the 2012 U.S. Open . "  There were some special moments which went well together in this match , making it for the first time here in the Aussie Open to the semis , winning my first match on Rod Laver after all those years , " said the Czech . "  That 's been a very special match to me . I 'm extremely happy to go through . "	Novak Djokovic beaten by Stanislas Wawrinka at the Australian Open Defeat ends the world No. 2 's three-year reign as champion in Melbourne Tenth seed Wawrinka will play Tomas Berdych for a place in Sunday 's final Berdych defeated world No. 3 David Ferrer earlier on Tuesday
Anbar province , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's vice president issued a decree Thursday calling for parliament to meet next week to start the process of creating a new government as the Iraqi military battles Sunni extremist militants . Vice President Khader al Khuzaei , acting on behalf of Iraq 's President , made the directive amid calls for political action to tackle sectarian tensions that have fueled violence as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , advances toward Baghdad . On Thursday evening , seven people were killed and 36 others injured in an explosion in the capital 's northern neighborhood of Kadimiyah , Iraqi police told CNN . There were conflicting reports about whether a suicide bomber or car bomb was responsible . In a televised speech this week , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki vowed to stick to a Tuesday deadline to begin creating a new government . But the Iraqi leader also spent time in Wednesday 's TV address accusing Sunnis of "  coordinating " the crisis . Al-Maliki accused Sunnis of collaborating with ISIS and blasted a call to have a national salvation government that would remove him from power . He also appealed to Shiites by saying he is adhering to the wishes of Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani , the religious leader who called for volunteers to support the Iraqi army and government . Many have accused al-Maliki of marginalizing Iraq 's Sunni and Kurd minorities in favor of his fellow Shiites . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday played down al-Maliki 's rejection of a salvation government , saying it was n't something the United States had talked to him about specifically . To the contrary , he said , al-Maliki is committed to the electoral process and creation of a new government that the United States has supported . "  And he  is  committed to moving forward with the constitutional processes of government formation , and that is precisely what the United States was encouraging , " Kerry said . "  He also called on all Iraqis to put aside their differences , to unite in their efforts against terrorism . " After talks Thursday in Paris with his French counterpart , Laurent Fabius , Kerry said the two agreed they want to see the formation of an Iraqi government "  as rapidly as possible that represents unity for the country . " Kerry said he and the French diplomat are also deeply concerned about the challenge of Syria . Fabius said that ISIS had shown "  terrible ferocity and brutality " and that Iraq must unite to combat it . "  It 's a necessity not only for Iraq but the whole region . Because it 's a menace for Iraq , for the region , for Europe and the United States as well , " he said . Kerry will meet Friday in Saudi Arabia with Syrian opposition leader Ahmad Jarba , a senior State Department official said Thursday . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague , on a visit to Baghdad on Thursday , also urged the swift formation of an inclusive government , saying Iraqi political leaders must put sectarian division aside . "  The Iraqi state is facing an existential threat , with huge ramifications for the future stability and freedom of this country , " he said . "  The single most important factor that will determine whether or not Iraq overcomes this challenge is political unity . " Hague said this would be the focus of his discussions with al-Maliki and Kurdish regional leader Masoud Barzani . Syrian radicals ` brainwash ' kidnapped Kurdish schoolchildren Syrian incursion ? Iraqi special forces continued assaulting militant positions at the University of Tikrit Thursday , according to state TV reports . The troops killed 40 militants , according to the state TV , which also carried a report of an Iraqi airstrike on a presidential palace complex in Tikrit . That strike -- among 108 such strikes nationwide in recent days , according to state TV -- reportedly killed 70 militants . The military also said it had "  complete control " of the Baiji oil refinery , the scene of tough fighting in recent days . On Thursday CNN obtained video of people apparently fleeing Karakosh , a predominately Christian town in Iraq near Mosul . Shelling by ISIS was reported there and in other areas near the city of Hamdaniya . CNN has been told that thousands of Christians began escaping Wednesday , and started to arrive in Irbil Thursday seeking shelter in churches and vacant buildings . Reports that Syrian warplanes carried out a cross-border attack this week on Iraqi towns is further evidence of the blurring of borders as the two countries face an offensive by Islamic extremists . At least 57 Iraqi civilians were killed and more than 120 others were wounded Tuesday in what local officials said were strikes by Syrian warplanes in border areas of western Anbar province . These border cities are among those under the control of ISIS , which seeks to create an Islamic caliphate in parts of Iraq and Syria . Maps : How to understand the crisis Sabah Karkhout , head of Iraq 's Anbar provincial council , told CNN that Tuesday 's air attacks struck markets and fuel stations in areas such as Rutba , al-Walid and Qaim . Karkhout said the warplanes bore the image of the Syrian flag . "  Also , the planes flew directly from Syrian airspace and went back to Syria , " he said . Syrian state media called the reports of a cross-border incursion "  completely baseless . " CNN is seeking a response from the Syrian government . Iraq 's border region has been targeted by Syria in the past . As the Syrian conflict escalated in 2012 , rockets fired from Syria landed in Qaim in at least one instance . It 's uncertain whether this week 's strikes signify a concerted effort by Syria to intensify its fight against ISIS . It is also not clear whether the strikes in Iraq were a unilateral action by Syria or were coordinated with the Iraqi government . Iran is also thought to be involved in the conflict . A U.S. official told CNN that Iran is flying surveillance drones over Iraq . It 's not known from where they are being launched . Tehran also is thought to be providing small arms and ammunition to Iraq as well as providing intelligence to al-Maliki 's government , the official said . Is Baghdad ready for an ISIS attack ? In Baghdad , the Iraqi military insists it 's ready to beat back ISIS if the fighters reach the capital . According to U.S. estimates , ISIS may have as many as 10,000 fighters in Syria and Iraq , but it 's not clear where those forces all are . Soldiers deployed in Anbar province , just 22 miles  35 kilometers  from the center of Baghdad , told CNN that the army would not collapse here -- as it did in Mosul to the north -- and that they were ready to fight to the end . The soldiers said they had chased ISIS out of a tiny Sunni village , killing 32 militants while losing three of their own . Fresh Shiite graffiti was sprayed on storefronts in the now-deserted village . A tank commander , a Shiite from south of Baghdad , said , "  The terrorists will lose the battle with us because they are chicky-chicken . " He denied the Iraqi army had turned tail and run in the north of the country . "  No , no , the army is strong , " he said . "  Never afraid . I die in this country . " Facebook looks to block ISIS clothing sales Kerry : ` Words are cheap ' but promising in Iraq CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Iraq 's Anbar province and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London and Ashley Fantz in Atlanta . CNN 's Ali Younes , Arwa Damon , Barbara Starr and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report . CNN 's Chelsea Carter reported from Baghdad .	State Department official says Kerry will meet with Syrian opposition leader Friday U.S. secretary of state calls for rapid formation of an Iraqi government representing unity Local official says Syrian warplanes attacked border towns in Iraq this week Iraqi leadership calls for parliament to meet next Tuesday
CNN  -- Philippine police and armed forces negotiated the release of five hostages on Tuesday as a tense stand-off with rebels from the Muslim Moro National Liberation Front entered its second day in Zamboanga City in the southern Philippines . "  This morning five people , including four children , who were held hostage in Talon-talon were released by the rebels , " Mayor Isabelle Climaco-Salazar said in a statement , adding that one policeman was wounded in the thigh in an exchange of fire on Tuesday morning . At least six people were killed yesterday in exchanges of gunfire between the rebels and armed forces . Authorities said it was unclear how many hostages were still being held by the estimated 300 armed Muslim rebels in the blockaded areas of Zamboanga City , a mainly Christian city on the southern coast of Mindanao . Philippine Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas told a press conference that authorities believed as many as 180 people -- which he described as "  human shields " -- could be being held hostage . "  These are very soft estimates , " said Roxas , who flew in from Manila to supervise operations . Hundreds of troops have been deployed to Zamboanga in response to the crisis . "  It 's hard to determine  whether  they 're hostages or just residents of the area , but we are taking these numbers quite seriously and that is why the military and the police have exercised restraint . " Roxas did not say whether the rebels had made any demands "  There are ongoing talks , formal and informal , in various stages of maturity , " he said . "  We are also seeking to validate the bonafides of those presenting themselves as mediators so that we are not led astray in these talks . " An MNLF spokesman told the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper that the group was holding 35 hostages . "  We seized them by the roadside so the soldiers wo n't shoot when they see us , " he said . According to a statement issued by Climaco-Salazar , the crisis began at around 4.30 a.m. local time Monday when government forces clashed with armed rebels heading for the city by boat . Six people , including a policeman , a navy serviceman and four civilians , were killed during the course of these clashes . She said the rebels had planned to march on the city hall . The MNLF , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in this mainly Catholic country , signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 -- though some of its members have broken away to continue with a violent campaign . Under the terms of the 1996 agreement , Misuari was named as governor of an expanded Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao  ARMM  . He served until 2001 . Last month Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with an another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on the resource-rich island of Mindanao . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Tim Schwarz contributed to this story .	MNLF rebels release five hostages , four of them children , as stand-off enters second day An estimated 180 were trapped by fighting but it was unclear how many people were hostage A rebel told local media that the group had been holding 35 hostages At least six people were killed yesterday in clashes between the rebels and armed forces
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The archbishops of Canterbury and York are recommending that churches stop sharing the chalice at communion over swine flu fears , the Church of England said Thursday . The Church of England 's leaders are recommending parishoners do n't share the chalice . The archbishops wrote a letter to all Church of England bishops with the recommendation . It follows government advice not to share "  common vessels " for food or drink so as not to spread the virus . In the Anglican Church , worshippers commonly drink from the same chalice during communion . The chalice is wiped before the next person drinks from it . For churches that still wish to offer both bread and wine , the archbishops recommend the priest dip communion wafers in the chalice before handing them out to those taking communion . "  The Department of Health have recently advised us that ` in a pandemic it makes good sense to take precautions to limit the spread of disease by not sharing common vessels for food and drink , ' " the archbishops write in the letter . "  In the light of this advice , we recommend those presiding at Holy Communion suspend the administration of the chalice during this wave of pandemic flu . For those who still wish to offer in both kinds , we recommend the practice whereby the presiding minister , whose hands should have been washed with the appropriate alcohol-based rub before handling the elements and the vessels , personally intincts all wafers before placing them in the hands of communicants . " Watch more on Australian vaccine trial " The archbishops note that this practice is widely observed in Anglican churches throughout Africa . "  Communicants receiving in this way need to be confident that the clergy and all assistant ministers follow the relevant guidance on hygiene , " they write . The Archbishop of Canterbury is the spiritual leader of the worldwide Anglican Church , the second-largest Christian denomination after the Roman Catholic Church .	Archbishops of Canterbury and York recommend churches stop sharing chalice Follows government advice not to share "  common vessels " for food or drink Church says move is to help stop spread of swine flu
CNN  -- The list of people missing in tornado-ravaged Joplin , Missouri , shrunk to eight on Wednesday , as officials told CNN that the bodies of two people previously on the list had been identified . Stanley Kirk and Maria Alvares Torres died in the storm , and their next-of-kin were notified , said Seth Bundy with the Department of Public Safety . News reports suggested that two other people listed as "  unaccounted for " may have been declared dead as well . Bundy said declarations are not made official until family members are informed . Authorities also announced that a woman who was not listed as missing has died as a result of the severe weather that struck May 22 , Bundy said . Over the weekend , Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr told CNN the death toll stood at 142 . Not all the names had been released . It was not immediately clear whether the deaths announced Wednesday were included in the toll . The May 22 tornado flattened buildings , destroyed neighborhoods and killed more people than any other U.S. tornado since modern record-keeping began in 1950 . "  It 's indescribable ... just devastating to see all the destruction of my school , my home , " said Joplin High School sophomore Chanci McGowen , CNN affiliate KODE reported . "  My whole neighborhood is gone , but everyone 's OK . " The station broadcast images of a memorial service at the school , where a sign out front just had the letters "  op " from "  Joplin . " Someone used what looked to be duct tape to add letters , creating the word "  Hope . " - CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	The official missing list drops to 8 More deceased victims have been identified At a memorial service , a sign reads "  Hope "
CNN  -- I am an underdog in life . From the moment I entered the world , I was handed a collection of circumstances that most first world people would label as "  disadvantages . " I grew up in a poor , single parent family . My dark features and Middle Eastern last name further complicated my Midwestern upbringing . I did n't look like anyone else  including my mother  . Racism , economic hardship , and familial struggles were my everyday reality from the beginning . But I am not the only underdog out there . Maybe you or someone close to you also has underdog status . Our individual stories are likely different , but the biographical details matter far less than the significant and perhaps surprisingly positive traits those obstacles have the power to nurture . Ask someone who they are and how they got there , and many will begin by describing the hurdles they 've encountered -- the repeated rejection , the failed pursuits , the periods of scrimping . So much of how we understand ourselves is shaped by our losses and hardships , even more so than our victories . But as uncomfortable as they are , these personal roadblocks make us stronger and better than our more privileged selves . In Malcolm Gladwell 's new book , David and Goliath : Underdogs , Misfits , and the Art of Battling Giants , he argues that being the underdog and experiencing disadvantages breeds "  desirable difficulties . " But how much of what 's "  desirable " is about perspective ? Challenges do n't improve us merely because they exist . We have to reflect on them and proactively adapt their lessons into our life and work habits . The immense potential of these desirable difficulties is especially salient in the workplace . Read more : How 5 of world 's leading executives streamline their productivity Here 's why underdogs win in the workplace : 1 . We 're less likely to take things  and people  for granted . Once you 've felt the pangs of struggle , you do n't easily forget it , particularly if it 's experienced early in life . At work , this means underdogs are more likely to notice the little things and demonstrate appreciation . Gratitude makes people happier , and since happiness is contagious , it also positively affects your coworkers . That does n't mean we 're all 24/7 bundles of cheer , but when you grow up without and have a desire for something better , you develop an inherent optimism and immunity to complacency . 2 . We have rich imaginations . Learning to do without demands creativity . Underdogs are well-versed in the art of improvisation ; it 's necessary for our survival . We 're scrappy . Last minute changes to a presentation ? An accelerated deadline ? If all other qualifications are relatively equal , I 'll choose the underdog to work on my team every time . Underdogs spend their lives imagining "  more , " which is invaluable in business . Everyday improvisation leads to large-scale innovation , which transforms how we work and what we collectively produce . Read more : Deadly sins need n't always be fatal for your career 3 . We are hyper-actively observant . When you 're an outsider , you vigilantly pay attention to what it takes to "  fit in . " Details and differences are not lost on underdogs . We quickly size up a situation and analyze how to optimize it . Obliviousness is difficult to correct , and underdogs are aware by necessity -- a sort of "  mindful compensation . " Being an underdog does n't mean you 're a fraud when you do manage to find your way into more fortunate circles , but it does mean you had to become intimately familiar with the nuances of the rules to get there . This makes underdogs competitive players to watch  and hire  . 4 . We are not risk averse . If you 've never had a safety net , then you feel like you do n't have much to lose . That does n't mean underdogs are inherently reckless , but it does bode well for taking calculated risks . Being an entrepreneur , for instance , means you are likely to "  fail " at some point -- but it also means you could score big eventually . And it 's not about luck  though many will flippantly dismiss it as such  , but rather perseverance , resilience , tenacity , and general strength of character that leads us to succeed . Underdogs do n't take no for an answer and , perhaps counter-intuitively , tend to be very confident  while arguably less arrogant  -- because without that unbridled confidence , we would still be stuck in our previous reality . It takes a pretty serious belief in yourself to rise above those circumstances . Read more : What football managers can teach you about leadership 5 . We are very hungry . If there 's one thing I know how to do , it 's hustle . With underdogs , the default answer is "  yes . " Yes , I can learn how to do that . Yes , I can make that happen . Yes , that is possible . Will this can-do attitude backfire ? Possibly , sometimes . But more often than not , that inner drive and hunger to excel means we 're willing to acquire new skills , push ourselves out of our comfort zone  what comfort zone ?  , and work toward goals with laser-sharp focus . Being an underdog in life has shaped my character and my career , making me more successful and , ultimately , happier . But while being an underdog can make you pretty bad-ass in the workplace , let us not glamorize hardship . Because make no mistake : It 's difficult . Most of us would n't want to repeat the past , and we diligently strive for a better future with fewer difficulties for our offspring . And yet , I for one would not change the personal challenges I 've been dealt . Underdog status is what you make of it . It 's not a label I 'm looking to overcome . It 's a permanent state of being for me . It reminds me everyday what it took to get where I am , how much I have to be grateful for , and how much room I still have to grow . Being an underdog is n't a plea for sympathy . It 's an invitation to triumph . Read more : Women value ethics more than men Read more : Are we ready for GenY leaders ? Read more : Five ways to quit in style	Anna Akbari thinks that being an underdog has shaped her character and career In his new book , Malcolm Gladwell argues that people can experience ` desirable difficulties ' Akbari lists the ways in which being an underdog can help you succeed
A man who owns an upstate New York food store funded ISIS , tried to send jihadists to Syria to fight with the terrorist group and plotted to do some killing himself -- by gunning down U.S. troops who had served in Iraq -- federal authorities alleged Tuesday . Mufid A. Elfgeeh , 30 , was arrested on May 31 , though federal officials did n't outline the case against him until Tuesday . According to an indictment , he faces three counts of trying "  to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization "  namely , ISIS  , one count of attempting to kill officers and employees of the United States , two counts of having an unregistered firearm silencer and one for possessing guns or silencers "  in furtherance of a crime of violence . " The public defender representing Elfgeeh , Mark Hosken , said Tuesday that he had seen the indictment and will enter a plea of not guilty when his client appears in court on Thursday morning . The federal investigation into Elfgeeh began in early 2013 and a world away from the Middle East , where ISIS  also known as ISIL and the Islamic State  has waged a brutal campaign in recent years . Citing the terror group 's threat to the region and gruesome tactics -- such as the recent beheadings of two American journalists -- the U.S. government has struck ISIS targets from the air in Iraq and threatened to go after it in Syria as well . A look at Twitter suggests that Elfgeeh did n't stand with his adopted country in this fight , according to an affidavit in support of a search warrant in his case . He allegedly wrote in one tweet : "  Al Qaeda said it loud and clear : we are fighting the American invasion and their hegemony over the earth and the people . " In another message , Elfgeeh purportedly stated ISIS "  will one day rule the world with the will of Allah . " The affidavit alleges that he urged people to donate a third of their salary or , at least , " #Five_thousand_dollars_from_every_household "  as stated in one tweet  -- stressing the importance of supporting groups like ISIS financially . But the Yemeni-born owner and operator of Halal Mojo and Food Mart , dubbed Mojoe 's by some , in Rochester may have wanted to be more than just a financial supporter . Court documents state that -- if he could n't sell his store -- Elfgeeh wanted to export "  those who are fed up  and want  to go to war and be jihadists . " The FBI informants were among those Elfgeeh actively recruited to join ISIS as jihadists , the affidavit states . He helped them by doing things like paying one of their passport costs , coordinating travel arrangements and setting them up with contacts in the terror group under the guise of going "  to the university , " which was code for joining ISIS . Court documents , citing Western Union records , allege that Elfgeeh also sent $ 600 to a Yemeni man that he believed wanted to join the terrorist group . He may have had plans of his own in the United States . The affidavit points to conversations with the two FBI informants in which Elfgeeh talked about getting his hands on guns and ammunition to inflict violence stateside . According to the affidavit , Elfgeeh once said he might kill "  five or ten already , 15 , something like that ... then we " will post video or another message online to explain why he did it "  We want ... to start shooting those who were in the Army who went to Iraq , " he said in April , according to the document . Authorities say they arrested Elfgeeh after he paid for and received two handguns , silencers and ammunition from one of the informants . Elfgeeh is now in federal custody . If convicted , he could be there for far longer : The firearms possession charges alone have maximum 30 year sentences , the attempted murder charge maximum sentence is 20 years , and a count for providing material support to a terrorist group is up to 15 years . Attorney General Eric Holder said the case shows federal authorities use of "  all the investigative tools at our disposal " -- from searches of social media platforms to FBI informants -- "  to break up these plots before individuals can put their plans into action . " "  We will remain aggressive in identifying and disrupting those who seek to provide support to ISIL and other terrorist groups that are bent on inflicting harm upon Americans , " Holder said . " ... We are focused on breaking up these activities on the front end , before supporters of ISIL can make good on plans to travel to the region or recruit sympathizers to this cause . " Fixer recounts how ISIS abducted him and Steven Sotloff ISIS turns to glossy magazine for propaganda	Mufid A. Elfgeeh , 30 , owns a Rochester , New York , store Authorities say he made arrangements , set up contacts for two would-be ISIS recruits They say he also bought guns , talked about shooting U.S. troops who had served in Iraq
CNN  -- "  My body belongs to me and is not the source of anyone 's honor . " The words of Tunisian activist Amina Ahmed , scrawled across her naked chest in Arabic and posted on Femen 's Facebook page are true , and right . Women should have the choice to dress how they want , when they want , without fear of reprisal and safe from harm . As too many women in all corners of the can attest , this is not the reality . From war to politics to art , shock tactics can be useful , powerful tools . They force the opposed to take notice , to hopefully retreat , to surrender their advantage . In the arena of human and women 's rights , they are a staple -- from the burning of draft cards during the anti-Vietnam war protests of the 1960s to bra burning  myth or no  to Mohamed Bouazizi , the street vendor who set himself on fire and inadvertently roused the Tunisian Revolution -- shock tactics can , and do work . They work across cultures too : I first learned of the Women 's War which took place in eastern Nigeria in 1929  an anti-taxation and anti-colonialist protest which ended with reports of up to 100 Igbo casualties  , when I was at school in Lagos . I learned that some of these women stripped naked to make their case -- an admirably thought out and executed case of naked protest , in a non-Western culture , from more than 80 years ago . It was effective , too -- administrative reforms were carried out , bringing an end to the Warrant Chief system  introduced by British colonialists  and women were appointed in local courts . So my issue with Femen , and any other such organizations , is less to do with the mode of protest , and more the gaze and rhetoric behind it . Femen purports to know , in an almost patriarchal way , what is "  best " for these poor , oppressed women in Africa and the Middle East . Their problem is religion , and their naked protest is there to "  help " free them from the "  tyranny " therein . Yes -- there are huge chasms between the rights of men and women all over the world , and perhaps more visibly in these communities . But there are also women  and men  in those communities working to remedy this , using different tools ,  some more blunt than others  and in all likelihood just as effective or even I would argue , more so , than Femen 's methods . Read more : Why topless protesters will hound Islamic leaders I am Nigerian-British and a Muslim , now living in the geographical West . I know that my experiences do not match that of a woman my age in a small town in Mali , or Pakistan . I do n't wear a hijab ; never have done , unlikely ever to . I do n't care one way or another about the hijab , but I do care about choice . In electing not to wear a headscarf , I have exercised that right , and not all of the women who wear scarves have the luxury of that choice . But there are also millions of women who choose , very happily and deliberately , to wear the hijab . Is it "  liberating " to ban the hijab for these women ? Femen 's intent may be honorable , but the implementation seems wrong-headed to me . A lot of us in brown and black bodies have become used to the neo-colonial lens through which the rest of the world views us . We are there to be "  helped " , to be "  liberated " . There exists a powerful and deliberate narrative around Africa and the Middle East : "  we must go there and free them ! " If you are only viewing people as hapless , helpless children -- which is how I see a lot of Femen 's rhetoric as applied to Africa and the Middle East -- you rob them of agency . It is not up to Femen to go and "  free " these women . We can not export tactics that simply do n't work , in the name of sisterhood . Read more : Topless feminist protesters show what they 're made of What kind of sisterhood insists that an attitude of "  this works here and will therefore work over there " is the way forward ? Is there no nuance to be found , if the objective is to free women of the patriarchy that governs their lives ? It is naive and somewhat foolish at best , and at worst dangerous and stupid . It is looking at a health problem and deciding that their prescription is the only drug that will clear up the rash , when locally sourced medicines may work just as well , if not better . At the very least , work with organizations already at the coalface day after day , collaborate with and listen to them . If the aim is genuinely to make a fairer society , not to merely impose benevolent condescension , it 's a necessary step . The Femen message , with a core belief in self-determination and equality , unshackled from damaging patriarchy , is good and true . But their methods leave much to be desired . The opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of Bim Adewunmi .	Femen activists have used topless protest in a campaign against patriarchy Journalist Bim Adewunmi says the group 's message of equality is good and true But she says treating women as "  helpless " and "  hapless " robs them of agency It is not up to Femen to "  free " the women of the Middle East and Africa , Adewunmi says
CNN  -- The Uruguayan Ministry of Defense confirmed Sunday it has opened an investigation into an alleged assault in Haiti involving at least five Uruguayan troops deployed in the Caribbean nation as United Nations peacekeepers . The investigation , which has expanded to include a U.N. inquiry , was sparked by a cell-phone video that began circulating in Port Salut , a coastal town in southern Haiti where Uruguayan navy troops were deployed . The one-minute video , obtained by CNN , shows a young man with his shorts down being subdued by several men in military uniforms . The alleged victim is on a mattress , facing down , while several men hold his arms and hands behind his back . The uniformed men speak Spanish , but it is garbled on the tape and not understandable . At the beginning of the video the alleged victim is slapped in the face . He screams several times while the alleged perpetrators laugh . The laughter grows louder as a seemingly naked man approaches the alleged victim from behind . The young man is subsequently released and the video ends . The video obtained by CNN does not show an actual sex act . Leonardo Galante , a spokesman with the Uruguayan defense ministry , confirmed to CNN that top Uruguayan military officials have already received two internal reports regarding the incident and are waiting for results of an investigation launched by the U.N. U.N spokeswoman Soung Choi told CNN Sunday that "  the U.N. is investigating the matter , " but would not elaborate on preliminary results or actions to be taken by the international organization . The Uruguayan defense ministry said in a statement : "  Immediately after the existence of the video became known , the Armed Forces ordered an urgent investigation . ... The National Defense Ministry has relieved of his duties the Chief of the Naval Contingent and began the repatriation of the -LSB- Armed Forces -RSB- members from Haiti . " Galante confirmed that Uruguayan Defense Minister Eleuterio Fernandez Huidobro has recalled to Uruguay the navy commander in charge of the troops being investigated . The statement did not give a date for the alleged incident or further identify the alleged victim , but some news reports have said the incident occurred in July and the man in the video is 18 years old . "  The  Uruguayan  Navy does not allow nor will it allow , " the defense ministry said , "  that a few of its members , through these sort of unbecoming actions , erode the prestige and excellent relations with the local population -LSB- in Haiti -RSB- , which have characterized the performance of the Armed Forces throughout its rich history on Peace Missions under U.N. Mandate . " According to the statement , those involved could face dishonorable discharge from the navy for unbecoming conduct and the loss of retirement rights .	A cell-phone video circulating in Haiti sparks an investigation The video shows a man being held down on a mattress by several uniformed men The Uruguayan government confirms it is investigating some of its troops in Haiti The Uruguayan troops are in Haiti as United Nations peacekeepers
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 11 people have been killed and dozens wounded in a suicide attack Monday on a court building in the Pakistani capital , authorities said . Two militants threw hand grenades , fired guns and then blew themselves up at the district court building , said Sikander Hayat , inspector general of Islamabad police . Another police official , Jamil Hashmi , said that there were other armed attackers who opened fire and then left the scene . Police are still in the process of establishing exactly what happened , he said . Witnesses at the court building told CNN they saw two men firing indiscriminately at people . Attacks of this nature are rare in Pakistan 's heavily policed capital . The Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences , a complex that includes a hospital , reported the death toll of 11 and said 39 people were wounded in the attack . The dead included a judge , authorities said . The court building is in an upmarket residential district in central Islamabad . The area around the courts includes supermarkets , restaurants and coffee shops . A little-known organization calling itself Ahrar Ul Hind claimed it had carried out the attack . It targeted the courts because it considers them to be un-Islamic , said Asad Mansoor , a spokesman for the group . In a statement last month , Ahrar Ul Hind said that it had had ties with the Pakistani Taliban , but that the relationship had broken down because of the Taliban 's focus on Pakistan 's tribal areas . Ahrar Ul Hind claims it wants to impose Sharia , or Islamic law , in Pakistan , India and around the world . It says it aims to achieve its goal by carrying out attacks on cities . The Pakistani Taliban , which on Saturday declared a month-long cease-fire , denied any involvement with the Islamabad attack Monday . Shahidullah Shahid , a spokesman for the extremist group , said that the cease-fire was still in effect and that action would be taken against any faction that tried to break it . Asked last month about Ahrar Ul Hind , Shahid claimed the Taliban knew nothing about the organization . Attack targets polio workers in Pakistan , kills 11 CNN 's Sophia Saifi and Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Journalists Adeel Raja , Saleem Mehsud and Zahir Shah Sherazi contributed to this report .	NEW : A little-known group calling itself Ahrar Ul Hind claims responsibility Two militants throw grenades , fire guns and then blow themselves up , police say The attack on a court building in central Islamabad wounds at least 39 people A judge is among the 11 people reported dead by medical officials
Washington  CNN  -- A prominent House conservative said Tuesday that the immigration reform bill under consideration in the Senate is part of an ongoing plot to build a massive new Democratic voting bloc . America 's growing Hispanic vote is "  a huge boon for Democrats . They have known that for a long time , " said Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa . Their message has been that "  we are going to recruit all you folks . That we are going to give amnesty to  you  to become Democrats . " Democratic leaders "  are in the process of seeking to establish another monolithic voting bloc , " he said . Republicans backing the bipartisan Senate bill "  completely ignore that fact . " King made his remarks at a Capitol Hill press conference with several other House conservatives taking aim at the "  Gang of Eight " legislation drafted by four Senate Democrats and four Senate Republicans . Controversial immigration report may be right The bill is winding its way through the Senate Judiciary Committee . Two committee Republicans from the "  Gang of Eight , " Arizona 's Jeff Flake and South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham , have been working with the panel 's Democratic majority to prevent any major changes to the bill . Another House conservative at the press conference with King , Louisiana GOP Rep. John Fleming , noted the length of the proposal by the "  Gang of Eight , " 844 pages "  When in recent years have we passed such a large bill and had a good outcome ? " Fleming asked . "  I 'll give you Obamacare and Dodd-Frank  financial reform  as good examples of that . I really think we need to tear this thing up and start from the beginning . " Rep. Steve Stockman , R-Texas , said the "  Gang of Eight " would be defeated by a "  gang of millions . " "  They will rise up against  the Senate bill  and it will fail because the people are stronger than the ` Gang of Eight , ' " Stockman said . Gay rights , immigration reform on collision course A bipartisan group of House members has also been working on comprehensive reform legislation . So far , however , they have not presented any broad-based agreement . Backers of the "  Gang of Eight " legislation are hoping to ultimately win as many as 70 votes in the 100-member Senate to give the legislation serious momentum heading into the more conservative House . The "  Gang of Eight " blueprint would create a 13-year path to citizenship for the bulk of America 's 11 million undocumented immigrants while bringing significant change to labor policy on the country 's farms . The bill commits additional resources to security along the Mexican border and creates a new system of metrics to measure border control effectiveness . Critics , however , say the plan is full of holes and translates to amnesty for those who broke the country 's immigration laws . Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee met Tuesday for a second day of debate and votes on proposed amendments to the plan . Among other things , the panel rejected proposals to tighten future immigration caps and force the creation of a biometric visa identification system before granting permanent legal status to undocumented residents . The two amendments were offered by Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , who has emerged as the Senate 's leading opponent to the "  Gang of Eight . " Tackling border security in immigration bill	Iowa Rep. Steve King says "  Gang of Eight " bill is a Democratic electoral plot King : Democrats are trying to build "  another monolithic voting bloc " Senate Judiciary Committee holds second day of voting on amendments to bill
CNN  -- Alanna Gerwitz-Stern had n't worked out a day in her life . She never watched what she ate , either . But after having her first son , Jacob , in December 2009 , she could n't seem to shake the baby weight . Stern had gained more than 100 pounds during the pregnancy , reaching 230 pounds at 5 feet 6 inches tall . She hid under sweatpants , sweaters and athletic gear . "  I was embarrassed to even go to the gym , " says Stern , 33 . "  I was so incredibly out of shape , and the people I was working out beside were so incredibly fit . I felt like a real eyesore when I would walk down the street . " Despite her best efforts to drop the extra weight , she had only managed to lose 10 pounds by the following May . "  I just felt really down on myself , " Stern says . "  I felt like there was so much more I was capable of , and I did n't want to be one of those women who just accept their weight and that that 's their fate as a young mom . I felt like there was a better me . " Frustrated , Stern remembered hearing about a new gym called Core Concepts near her home in Toronto , Ontario . Core Concepts owner Joshua Lipsey says the idea behind his workouts is that your core -- made up of your abs , obliques , back and glutes -- is your origin of movement . A strong core improves posture and balance and decreases risk of injury . Lipsey 's workouts consist of body weight exercises , including beggar 's planks , split and bicycle crunches , back extensions and wide-stance plie squats . The core is a major "  problem area " for many people , Lipsey says . It 's the spot men and women tend to notice extra pounds first . But because the core includes several large muscles , working it burns calories fast . As such , attacking the core can lead to quick weight loss results , Lipsey says . After researching Lipsey 's concept , Stern decided to walk in and introduce herself . That day , she signed up for classes and started to shed the extra pounds . Lipsey had Stern visualize in front of the mirror , and she began to see the body she wanted . She says that built the motivation she needed to meet her weight loss goals . "  We envisioned what my waist , stomach and arms were going to look like , and we just stayed on that path until we were happy with the result , " Stern says . "  Josh never let me lose sight of how to get there . " Stern describes Lipsey 's concept as unconventional . "  It 's not a spin class , it 's not a running class , it 's not a Pilates class , " she says . "  He took my fitness to a completely different level , and he really challenged me . " Lipsey and Stern both emphasize that to see results , you have to change your whole lifestyle . "  If you think the hour that you go to the gym is what counts , it 's really not , " Lipsey said . "  It 's doing other things -- going for a walk with your dog , not hopping on the escalator at the mall -- there 's all these little things . " upwave : Try it now ! One-minute workout challenge After about eight months of eating clean -- increasing fruit and vegetable intake while decreasing meat consumption -- and attending core and plyometric classes for an hour a day , six days a week , Stern lost 106 pounds , which was even more than she had gained while pregnant . But shortly after reaching her goal weight , Stern went "  from one extreme to another . " She got pregnant with twins . This time , however , she was determined to stay on track . She continued to work out until Lily and Levi , now 18 months old , were born . Stern gained just 48 pounds during her second pregnancy . She lost 38 of those pounds within two weeks after giving birth and the last 10 pounds by the end of the year . "  The last 10 pounds were hard , like they usually are for people , but she stuck with it and refused to fail , " Lipsey says . Aside from feeling physically better than ever , Stern also feels less shy and does n't avoid going out anymore . She put in the time and effort , and her body responded . "  It was amazing to watch myself accomplish that because the amount of determination it takes to get to that level really is mental just as much as it is physical , " Stern says . "  There 's a lot of mental grit you need to have . " Having three children poses a challenge for keeping the weight off , but Stern says the time put in is worth it . "  It 's one hour a day that I can take to do something good for me , " she says . "  I come back to my family reinvigorated and ready for whatever challenges in life lie my way . " With less free time to attend classes at set times , Stern has kept up through Lipsey 's mobile app , Gym Tuck , which launched last November . The flexibility of the app has allowed Stern to stay committed to her exercise plan even with three children and a busy schedule after returning to work . While she tries to fit in cardio using a jogging stroller , the app allows her to keep her workouts well-rounded . Now a size 4 and down to 120 pounds , Stern hopes to inspire other mothers trying to stay healthy through multiple pregnancies . "  I feel very , very lucky that I 've been able to go through this transformation , " she says . "  I would n't change anything -- not even the part about being overweight and going through that -- because it got me to where I am today . I really am my best self . "	Alanna Gerwitz-Stern gained more than 100 pounds while pregnant After struggling for months , Stern found way to lose baby weight in eight months Stern got pregnant again with twins after reaching her goal Core Concepts ' mobile app allows her to stay fit as a working mom
CNN  -- There was heartbreak for the U.S. women 's ice hockey team as Canada snatched a dramatic 3-2 victory in overtime of the Olympic final at the Bolshoy Ice Dome on Thursday . The Americans were on course to avenge their final defeat to Canada four years ago after Meghan Duggan opened the scoring midway through the second period , and Alex Carpenter doubled the advantage two minutes into the third . But the defending champions refused to give up and were rewarded for their persistence with a goal from Brianne Jenner with three and a half minutes of normal time remaining . The Canadians threw caution to the wind and pulled off goaltender Shannon Szabados , but had a lucky escape when a long-distance U.S. effort bounced safely off the post -- and Marie-Philip Poulin stole in for a last-gasp equalizer with just 55 seconds left to send the match into overtime . Poulin then popped up with the golden goal in the ninth extra minute to seal an incredible comeback and Canada 's fourth straight Olympic gold in women 's ice hockey . In the bronze playoff match , Switzerland beat Sweden 4-3 . Sweden had also been leading 2-0 in their match but the Swiss rallied in the third to claim a first ever Olympic women 's hockey medal -- the winner coming courtesy of 15-year-old Alina Muller . Elsewhere on Day 13 in Sochi , the French claimed an historic first and there was ice dance drama as five other gold medals were decided . Kim denied gold Adelina Sotnikova skated into Olympic history at the Iceberg Skating Palace on Thursday as she claimed Russia 's historic first women 's Olympic figure skating gold . The 17-year-old 's victory was controversial though after judges awarded her the evening 's best score despite an error in her routine . "  I smashed my season 's best . In fact , I smashed my highest score for my whole career and I did it at the Olympics . I did n't think I could skate like I did today , " Sotnikova said . Read more : Ice queens do battle one final time "  I found something totally different in myself today . I had a bit of nerves before I skated but just before I started I was completely calm . I just felt how much I love to skate . I think I found a new me . " Defending champion Kim Yu-Na from South Korea produced an error-free performance but had to settle for silver after leading the standings following Wednesday 's short program . Speaking after the competition , Kim said that she had n't seen her rivals compete because she was the last to skate and refused to be drawn on the scoring . "  The scores are given by the judges so I 'm not in the right position to comment and there is nothing that will change with my words . The most important thing for me is to participate in these Games , " she said . Italy 's Carolina Kostner , who also put in a flawless routine , took the bronze . "  I just have faith that the judges made the right decision , " said Kostner , the 2012 world champion . Sotnikova 's gold was Russia 's third in the ice skating after Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov won the pairs in the opening week following glory in the team competition . Bowman remembers Burke Up in the mountain cluster , Maddie Bowman took gold for the U.S. in the freestyle skiing halfpipe competition . The 20-year-old Californian 's winning score of 89.00 was too good for France 's Marie Martinod , whose second run score of 85.40 meant she had to settle for silver . Japan 's Ayana Onozuka took bronze with a second run score of 83.20 to keep reigning world champion Virginie Faivre from Switzerland off the podium in fourth place . Afterwards , Bowman dedicated her victory to the late Sarah Burke -- the Canadian freestyle skier who died in a training accident at Park City in Utah in 2012 . "  Gosh , it means so much for us to be able to show the world what our sport is , what we do and what we are , " Bowman said . "  I think we 're here to make our parents proud , our friends proud and especially Sarah Burke proud , because she is here with us . "  I think her lasting legacy is just to go out , ski as hard as you can , love what you do and love life . Sarah did that . "  She was an amazing skier but she was an amazing person . I think every girl here would embody that and it takes all of us to put on her shoes . " French sweep board in men 's ski cross A thrilling skicross competition at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park ended with France taking a clean sweep of the podium . Reigning world champion Jean-Frederic Chapuis added Olympic gold to his collection after beating compatriots Arnaud Bovolenta , who took silver , and third-placed Jonathan Midol . The result sealed France 's first 1-2-3 at a Winter Olympics . Canada 's Brady Leman had to settle for fourth after falling before the penultimate jump . "  My goal was to make the podium , " said Chapuis . "  I worked really hard throughout the summer . I had a good start to the season , after I was a little bit tired and the rest was not so good . But I trained again , I came back here with good form and I made it , " the 24-year-old added . "  I 'm better year after year . I make progress always . When I started ski cross my goal was the Olympic Games here in Sochi and I am happy with that . " Russia 's Egor Korotkov finished fifth after crossing the line first in the small final . Korotkov had earlier been involved in a memorable finish in the first quarterfinal heat . The 27-year-old crossed the line head first to claim second in a photo finish ahead of Sweden 's Victor Oehling Norberg and Jouni Pellinen of Finland . All three riders crashed on landing off the final jump leading to a mad seated scramble for the finish line . Tenth gold for Norway Norway consolidated its place as the overall gold-medal leader Thursday after edging out Germany to win the Nordic combined team relay competition . The event -- in which teams of four complete one jump each on the large hill before skiing a 4x5-kilometer relay -- went down to the wire as Joergen Graabak finished a second ahead of Germany 's Fabian Riessle in a nailbiting climax . Austria finished third to take the bronze . Graabak 's second gold of the Games -- the 22-year-old won the 10 km sprint on Tuesday -- capped another good day for Norway , which now has 10 gold medals after making a slow start in Sochi . "  It was like two days ago , about being first into the stadium , " Graabak said . "  I was n't planning on going first in the first lap , but I think the two guys behind me were a bit scared and did n't want to go first , so I took it a bit easy and saved myself for the sprint at the end . "  I saw behind me that Riessle was throwing his foot forward , but I was confident that I was first . " Curling gold for Canada 's ladies Canada claimed its first Olympic women 's curling gold since the Nagano Games in 1998 , as a 6-3 defeat of Sweden avenged a heart-breaking 7-6 loss to the Scandinavians four years ago in Vancouver . The Swedes were gunning for a third successive gold in Sochi but had to settle for silver after the Canadian team led by skip Jennifer Jones produced a composed display in the Ice Cube Curling Center . "  It 's just crazy . It 's a dream come true . It 's just amazing . We just had the best week of our lives . We are gold medalists , " Jones said . The Canadians , unbeaten throughout the tournament , also have the distinction of winning a medal at every Winter Games since curling was made an official sport in 1998 . In the third-place playoff , Great Britain beat Switzerland 6-5 to claim a bronze medal . Britain 's men take to the ice on Friday in the gold medal match against Canada , with China and Sweden battling out for the bronze .	Canada claim golden goal to snatch women 's ice hockey gold from U.S. Russia claim a first ever women 's figure skating gold but result controversial France clean up in the men 's ski cross competition at Rosa Khutor Extreme Park U.S. 's Maddie Bowman pays tribute to Sarah Burke following win in skiing halfpipe
CNN  -- A Bahrain court sentenced prominent activist Nabeel Rajab to three years in prison "  for participating in illegal rallies and gatherings , " a government spokesman said Thursday . "  You can jail me for three years or 30 years , but I will not back down or retreat , " Rajab said after his sentence was read in a court , according to the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . Rajab is that group 's president . The sentence raised concerns from British and European Union officials who called for Bahrain to reconsider its length . Rajab already was serving a three-month sentence for posting a Twitter message critical of Bahrain 's prime minister last month , his lawyer , Mohammed Al-Jishi , said . "  Rajab 's participation in these marches and provocation of his supporters have led to severe acts of violence ; including fueled rioting , road blocking , arson , acts of sabotage targeting public and private properties , the use of petrol bombs and IEDs , amongst others , " said a statement from the president 's office of the Kingdom of Bahrain . "  The Ministry of Interior announced such acts have caused injuries to over 700 security force members . " Rajab 's lawyer told CNN he would file an appeal of the sentence after the end of Ramadan holiday next week . "  The only reason for targeting Rajab is to prevent him from continuing his legitimate and peaceful human rights work , " the Bahrain Center for Human Rights said in a statement Thursday . The country is ruled by the Al-Khalifa family , which has been in power since the 18th century . Many protesters are calling for the removal of the royal family , whom they blame for the country 's high unemployment rate and for running a corrupt government that relies on torture and other harsh measures to clamp down on dissent . On March 20 , about 25 people in about a dozen cars pulled up to Rajab 's house and took him to the offices of the Interior Ministry 's investigative department . There , according to Rajab , he was beaten , blindfolded and interrogated about an armed suspect they believed he knew . Bahrain , where the U.S. Navy anchors its Fifth Fleet , is a small , predominantly Shiite country governed by a Sunni royal family . Amnesty International 's Deputy Middle East and North Africa Program Director Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui called the sentencing "  a dark day for justice in Bahrain that further questions the independence of the judiciary . " "  Like many others in Bahrain , Nabeel Rajab is a prisoner of conscience , jailed solely for peacefully exercising his right to freedom of expression and assembly , " Sahraoui said . "  He should be released immediately and his convictions and sentences quashed . The authorities must also act to ensure that all human rights defenders are able to carry out their work without fear of reprisal . " "  If anything , this latest verdict marks the end of the facade of reform in Bahrain . The international community can no longer be under the illusion that Bahrain is on the path of reform when confronted with such blatant ruthless tactics of suppressing dissenting voices . Bahrain 's international partners need to make this loud and clear to the Bahraini authorities " Amnesty International also released a comment from Rajab 's wife , Sumaya , who was with him at the reading of the verdict . "  The sentence , although harsh and unfair , comes as no surprise to Nabeel and I , " she said . "  It shows how biased and corrupt the judiciary in Bahrain is . There are no human rights in Bahrain . As the defense team said , this sentence is the biggest scandal in the history of Bahrain judiciary . " The British Foreign Office raised concern about the length of the prison sentence and urged the Bahraini government "  to act proportionately in all cases . " "  The right of individuals to peaceful protest and freedom of expression is a fundamental part of any modern democracy and must be respected , " the British statement said . "  But we expect opposition activists to ensure their words and actions do not incite violence or other illegal acts . " The European Union 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton said Rajab 's sentence should "  be reconsidered in the appeal process and that the same treatment will be given to all Bahraini citizens who are being tried for charges relating to the exercise of their fundamental freedoms . " "  Fair and impartial justice is a key requirement to overcome the current challenges in Bahrain , " Ashton said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : "  You can jail me for three years or 30 years , but I will not back down , " Nabeel Rajab says Illegal protests "  led to severe acts of violence , " the Bahraini government says Rajab will appeal his sentence , his lawyer says Britain , European Union officials question the length of the sentence
CNN  -- Threats of violence . Sexual abuse . Strip searches . Dirty conditions . Young mothers whose children became sick . These are among the reported abuses of 116 minors by agents from U.S. Customs and Border Protection , according to a complaint filed Wednesday by the American Civil Liberties Union and four immigrant-rights groups . The groups say in their complaint that the incidents have been occurring for years and called for an investigation and improved federal policies toward young undocumented immigrants . "  Given these longstanding problems , and in light of the rising number of unaccompanied children seeking relief from dangerous conditions in their home countries , the need for broad and lasting agency reforms is clear , " the complaint says . A spokesman for Customs and Border Protection said the agency has taken "  extraordinary measures " to look after the children , some of whom are new parents . Michael Friel wrote in an e-mail that children get regular meals and drinks , constant monitoring , and those who appear sick get medical care . "  Mistreatment or misconduct is not tolerated , " he added . The crisis of unaccompanied minors from countries such as El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras is growing . Because the children are not from countries that border the United States , federal law prohibits them from being immediately deported . Instead , after three days they are turned over to the Department of Health and Human Services . But the ACLU and the other organizations say children have too often reported incidents of abuse , freezing cold cells and rooms where dozens of people are jammed in with access to only one toilet . About 70 % said they were held past the 72-hour detention period . Four out of five described a lack of water and enough food , according to the complaint , addressed to the Department of Homeland Security 's Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties and the department 's inspector general . Americans for Immigrant Justice , the Esperanza Immigrant Rights Project , the Florence Immigrant and Refugee Rights Project and the National Immigrant Justice Center also joined the complaint . The children were between the ages of 5 and 17 when the incidents allegedly occurred . DHS would n't comment on whether it was investigating the allegations . Chris Cabrera , a leader of a chapter of the National Border Patrol Council , a labor union representing U.S. Border Patrol agents , estimated that more than 60,000 unaccompanied juveniles will cross the Mexican border with the United States in 2014 and that the numbers will rise from there . Many of the youths turn themselves in to the Border Patrol . "  They know that once they get to the station , we are going to give them paperwork and we are going to set them free into the United States , " Cabrera said . The numbers are overwhelming American facilities , particularly in Texas . On Wednesday , Homeland Security chief Jeh Johnson told a Senate committee that he recently visited the border . He also told Judiciary Committee that the U.S. would open three new facilities to house the children and would pull scores of agents from their duties watching the border so they could watch the youths . Obama vows urgent action as children make perilous illegal journey Opinion : Border detention of children shames America CNN 's Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this story .	More than 100 undocumented children reported they were mistreated while in custody Some say they were sexually abused by Border Patrol agents A spokesman says Border Patrol ensures each child is treated well , fed properly About 60,000 unaccompanied children expected to cross into United States this year
CNN  -- Rapiro is a humanoid robot that can be programmed to do various tasks â $ " including make you coffee . The kit was created by a Japanese company as a "  catalyst between robotics and Raspberry Pi . " The credit-card sized , Linux-based PC known as Raspberry Pi is designed to work with the basic hardware of Rapiro , allowing you to program it to do many things , such as manage your calendar or tell you the weather , in addition to making the coffee . Rapiro is n't the first of its kind : BrickPi is a Raspberry Pi-controlled lego robot that was funded through Kickstarter . According to its developers , BrickPi "  connects LEGO Mindstorms Sensors , motors , and parts to turn your credit card-size computer into a robot . " Unlike Rapiro , it functions more as a toy than a personal assistant . Raspberry Pi makes the software easily customizable for users who are familiar with the technology . Rapiro can also be fitted with a camera to give it the ability to gather and store visual data .  Also a feature of Raspberry Pi .  Rapiro also has 12 "  servo motors , " which help it with mobility . If you 're not Raspberry Pi-savvy or just dabbling in robotics , that 's fine too . According to the website , the idea of the project is for a beginner to get into robotics and for an expert to create higher utility through Raspberry Pi . There is strong interest in this little robot : With over 46 days left in its Kickstarter campaign , it has already crossed its funding goal . Interested backers can get the full kit for a $ 350 pledge . For more , check out the video above . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rapiro can do numerous human-like tasks , including making coffee The robot 's control system is the size of a credit card It has 12 ` servo motors , ' which increase its capacity for movement
CNN  -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms -- and released a related white paper on the subject -- the National Security Agency came out with its own rare , publicly-released , seven-page document  PDF  , essentially justifying its own practices . The entire document is dated August 9 , 2013 , and has no attributable names or contact details on it . Its most striking portion ? A separate block of text on page six , which states : "  According to figures published by a major tech provider , the Internet carries 1,826 Petabytes of information per day . In its foreign intelligence mission , NSA touches about 1.6 % of that . However , of the 1.6 % of the data , only 0.025 % is actually selected for review . The net effect is that NSA analysts look at 0.00004 % of the world 's traffic in conducting their mission -- that 's less than one part in a million . Put another way , if a standard basketball court represented the global collection would be represented by an area smaller than a dime on that basketball court . " And , nearly directly below that section , the NSA presents its strongest categorical denial of using foreign partners to circumvent American law : "  NSA partners with well over 30 different nations in order to conduct its foreign intelligence mission . In every case , NSA does not and will not use a relationship with a foreign intelligence service to ask that service to do what NSA is itself prohibited by law from doing . These partnerships are an important part of the US and allied defense against terrorists , cyber threat actors , and others who threaten our individual and collective security . Both parties to these relationships benefit . " The document begins by referencing the September 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , DC , and notes that the NSA "  did not have the tools or the database to search to identify -LSB- terorrist -RSB- connections and share them with the FBI . " The NSA then argues : "  We do not need to sacrifice civil liberties for the sake of national security ; both are integral to who we are as Americans . NSA can and will continue to conduct its operations in a manner that respects both . " And how , pray tell , might an American 's e-mail be accidentally swept up in a dragnet that is ostensibly targeting a foreign suspect ? "  For example , a US person might be courtesy copied on an e-mail to or from a legitimate foreign target , or a person in the US might be in contact with a known terrorist target . In those cases , minimization procedures adopted by the Attorney General in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court are used to protect the privacy of the US person . These minimization procedures control the acquisition , retention , and dissemination of any U.S. person information incidentally acquired during operations conducted pursuant to Section 702 . " Of course , also on Friday , The Guardian published an excerpt from a document leaked by Edward Snowden showing that the NSA has the ability to search Americans ' e-mails -- but apparently restrains itself from doing so . The document also notes Section 215 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act -- the business records provision -- is what gives the the government the authority to capture telephony metadata . At the end of the document , the NSA also argues that it has adequate oversight from a number of government agencies -- Bruce Schneier probably would disagree with that -- and also is able to police itself . As the NSA concludes : "  In addition to NSA 's compliance safeguards , NSA personnel are obligated to report when they believe NSA is not , or may not be , acting consistently with law , policy , or procedure . This self-reporting is part of the culture and fabric of NSA . If NSA is not acting in accordance with law , policy , or procedure , NSA will report through its internal and external intelligence oversight channels , conduct reviews to understand the root cause , and make appropriate adjustments to constantly improve . " This report originally appeared on ArsTechnica . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	NSA says it looks at tiny fraction of Web traffic Security agency released rare document on policies Friday Says it "  touches " 1.6 % of Web traffic , reads .00004 %
CNN  -- In Kenya 's Tsavo East national park , a herd of elephants take up water in their trunks and squirt it on their backs . Some wade and stomp in the shallow pool of muddy water -- the coolness is a sweet relief from the baking savannah heat . As the sun begins to dip behind the hills , they form a single file and lumber slowly into the distance , lucky to be alive . At the beginning of the year , 12 elephants were slaughtered in this park by poachers and stripped of their tusks . It was Kenya 's single biggest killing of elephants in the last two decades . According to the Kenya Wildlife Service  KWS  , so far this year a further 200 elephants have been killed across the country for their ivory . Reports by the KWS say that in the early 1970s the elephant population stood at an estimated 167,000 , but in just five decades , it has plummeted to slightly more than 35,000 . Read more : Drone to spy on rhino poachers Conservationists warn that if the trend continues , in 10 years , elephants in Kenya will be wiped out . Robert Obrein , an assistant director at KWS , showed CNN what they call the "  elephant graveyard . " This section of the park has rows and rows of old elephant skulls and jaws -- a memorial site for elephants that died from drought and at the hands of poachers . "  This is just part of maybe a quarter of what is out there , " says Obrein . "  These are hundreds of elephants , hundreds of elephants -- dead . " Kenya 's park rangers number just over 2,800 , a paltry number compared to the vast scale of parks and conservation areas they need to protect from intruders . "  I am overwhelmed , the rangers are overwhelmed " , said Obrein . "  Sometimes you ca n't even send rangers on leave , you ca n't even send them off duty . " Poaching is propelled by a growing demand for ivory in Asian countries such as China and Thailand . The ivory confers status and people are willing to pay high prices for the illegal commodity . As the price for ivory soars in the black market , so does the number of poachers , and recently , they 've become well armed and highly organized . Read more : Hong Kong seizes Nigerian container in major ivory bust "  The guys are coming with different ways of doing jobs , " said Obrein . "  They are coming with the night vision , they are coming in with silencers , and they are coming in with new weapons . " In an effort to combat the new caliber of poachers , the Kenya government recently commissioned a rapid response anti-poaching team ; it consists of men drawn from various security agencies in the country . The highly militarized team is trained in laying ambush , shooting accurately and disarming poachers . But wildlife rights groups say more boots on the ground is not the solution to halting ivory poaching . They say creating awareness and teaching people about the importance of elephants as a national heritage is a more effective strategy . Wildlife Direct is a Kenya and U.S.-registered charitable organization that provides support to conservationists in Africa . It recently initiated an online campaign #HandsOffOurElephants to stop elephant poaching . Kenya 's first lady , Margaret Kenyatta , is the ambassador of the campaign . She spoke to CNN about the campaign while she was visiting Tundani , her adopted baby elephant . The baby elephant lives at David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust in Nairobi with other orphaned elephants . The orphans were rescued after their mothers were killed , usually by a poacher 's bullet . "  Awareness is the start , pushing communities together , helping them to realize that , especially where they live together with the elephants , they can coexist " , said the first lady . "  They are not just part of Kenya 's national heritage , they are part of Africa 's national heritage and we ca n't afford to lose them . I mean , in 10 years ' time , if there are n't any elephants left in the wild it would just be heartbreaking because you would just go to a zoo elsewhere to look at an elephant it would be heartbreaking , " she added . Read more : Wildlife photography in Namibia Once it takes effect , a new wildlife and conservation bill in Kenya will put in place stiffer penalties for poaching , especially poaching of endangered species . Allan Maina , a ranger with KWS for the past 12 years , says this new legislation will act as a key deterrent to not only poaching but other wildlife crimes . "  If you arrest somebody they look at our court system , I can say it 's about the penalties , " said Maina . "  We say an adult buffalo weighs about 250-300 kilos . If you sell that meat it 's about 100 Kenya shillings per kilo . If you take that person to court , you will find that maybe the penalty will be about a fine of not exceeding 10,000 Kenya shillings . So tomorrow you will get the person again in the park -- poaching . " Tourism is the second largest source of Kenya 's foreign exchange revenue . The visitors mostly come for tours to look at wildlife in the national parks and game reserves . Park rangers such as Maina understand only too well the critical role they play in conserving this national asset . And he remains hopeful about victory . "  We are hoping that even in the years to come , in 15 years tourists will be coming and seeing the animals , " he said . "  The efforts we are putting , we feel like we are going to win the war of poachers . "	Kenya 's elephants are under threat from poachers Poachers have recently become better armed and highly organized ` Elephants part of Africa 's heritage , ' says Kenya 's first lady
India 's president appointed Narendra Modi as the new prime minister of the world 's largest democracy Tuesday , the presidential palace said in a statement . Modi succeeds Manmohan Singh , whose Congress party suffered its worst-ever defeat in the recent general elections . President Pranab Mukherjee will administer the oath of office and secrecy to Modi on May 26 , the statement said . Earlier in the day , Modi made his maiden visit to the national parliament as a federal lawmaker . In a traditional gesture of supplication to what Indians call their temple of democracy , he bowed down on the first step of the building 's entry stairs . After he was officially named leader of his Bharatiya Janata Party 's  BJP  parliamentary group , Modi made a passionate speech in Hindi . In his televised address to BJP lawmakers , he broke down briefly as he hailed both the nation and his party as his "  mother . " "  I have done no favor . Can serving the mother be called a favor ? " he asked , pausing to sip water . "  India is my mother and so is the BJP . You do no favor to your mother . You only serve her , " he said , his voice choked with emotion . Modi vowed to increase efforts to eradicate poverty , create employment opportunities for the country 's young workers and provide a safer environment for women . The BJP has swept the five-phase national elections that concluded on May 12 , winning 282 of the 543 seats of the parliament 's lower house on its own in what has been a historic mandate for any single party in decades in India . Together , the BJP-led coalition -- called the National Democratic Alliance -- comprises 335 elected members in the lower chamber called the Lok Sabha , or the House of People . Modi prepares for transition Opinion : Memo to Modi -- How to reboot India	Modi will officially be sworn in May 26 His party won more than half the seats in the parliament 's lower house The new prime minister promised to fight against poverty , create jobs
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary . He is host of a nationally syndicated Spanish-language radio show and wrote a guide to success for immigrants  " ¡ Adelante ! " published by Random House  . He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas . Rudy Ruiz says taxing fattening foods is a good way to combat the epidemic of obesity in America . SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- I recently accompanied my family to one of the top-selling movies in America , "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs . " All I could think of , aside from struggling ironically to keep my children from overindulging in junk food , was that members of Congress should watch the movie . It might inspire them to add an important dimension to health reform : smarter food policy . In the movie , a town nearly dooms itself via gluttony . As hamburgers , steaks and ice cream rain down , residents feast euphorically , oblivious to their expanding waistlines -- until a child succumbs to a food coma . The movie is a thinly veiled allegory for our nation 's obesity epidemic . It serves up -- in digestible terms -- the dysfunctional relationship between government , industry and parents in engineering and promoting a glut of food that keeps dollars in our pockets and smiles on our faces in the short term , while rendering us dangerously unhealthy in the long term . Beyond the movie magic , it 's a sobering reality that two-thirds of Americans are afflicted by the obesity epidemic . Our bulging waistline correlates to our ballooning health care budget , accounting for $ 147 billion a year in medical bills , according to a study funded by the CDC Foundation and published this summer in the health policy journal Health Affairs . Experts at Johns Hopkins call the trend "  a public health crisis , " projecting that by 2015 , 75 percent of Americans will be overweight or obese . Shockingly , the Center for Children 's Health Innovation reports that by the time kids enter kindergarten , over 26 percent are already overweight or obese . As I surveyed the theater , those stats ceased to surprise . While my children drank water and nibbled on a negotiated ration of candy , their peers lurked beyond enormous buckets of popcorn and towering cups of soda balanced precariously on their laps . Fast forward to my point . In improving America 's health , are we missing a key plotline ? Would n't the best way to control escalating health costs be to become healthier to begin with ? Are rising costs driven not only by corporate greed , but also by self-destructive behavioral patterns ? If the government is serious about tackling our nation 's health problems , then it should address food 's role in the looming crisis . To Congress ' credit , proposed reforms emphasize increased prevention . But if socioeconomic incentives to consume harmful food persist , unhealthy patient behavior will prevail at monstrous cost to all of us . The affordability of unhealthy food is at the congested heart of the matter . According to TIME magazine , the largesse of taxpayers enables McDonald 's to offer a Big Mac , fries and a Coke for under $ 5 . Our tax dollars underwrite Agriculture Department subsidies to corn farmers . Cheap , abundant corn enables mass production of economical , aggressively marketed beef and pork . The corn syrup that sweetens soft drinks and candy oozes from the same source . That 's why it 's so cheap to be fat and -- comparatively -- so expensive to be thin . In response , a comprehensive preventive health strategy should : • Shift subsidies away from corn toward the production of fresh fruits and vegetables as well as organic farming , so healthier , more natural foods become as accessible as Happy Meals . • Tax fast food , soft drinks , and packaged foods high in processed fats and sugars to decrease demand for unhealthy food . A study published recently in the New England Journal of Medicine recommends a tax on "  sugar-sweetened beverages , " projecting that for every 10 percent rise in price , consumption of soft drinks would decline a corresponding 8 to 10 percent , leading to weight loss and reduced health risks . • Regulate youth nutrition marketing , preventing paradoxes like the teaming of "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs " -- despite its well-intentioned message -- with Burger King for a promotion heavily advertised on children 's TV . While some will argue that more taxes and regulations are the last things we need and that the government has no place telling people what to consume , precedent exists for both . We already tax and regulate other harmful products -- like tobacco and alcohol -- because it 's common sense to dissuade individuals from nasty habits that cost our entire society . Plus , tax proceeds would help underwrite health reforms and preventive education . And since the government 's current subsidy system enabled our transformation into an obese nation in the first place , why should n't the government implement a corrective course of action encouraging families onto a healthier track ? I hate to spoil the movie , but in the end , the endangered town did n't solve its problems by building more hospitals and paying doctors and insurance companies to treat and cover those who overate or were flattened by mammoth meatballs . Instead , the townspeople simply destroyed the machine drowning them in supersized food . Likewise , Congress must rage against the machines not only of the health care industry tasked with healing us , but also of the food industry making us sick . Drawing inspiration at the movies , they might even find that in the dark sanctum of the theater , it 's easier to reach across the aisle , hold hands , and craft a happy ending that leaves America clamoring for a sequel . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : America 's obesity epidemic costs the nation billions He says taxing unhealthy food is one way to combat spread of obesity He says government subsidies make unhealthy food more affordable Ruiz : A study predicts 75 percent of Americans will be overweight by 2015
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The prime minister of the Hamas government in Gaza denied Wednesday Israeli claims of an al Qaeda presence in the coastal strip , claiming there is no such thing . Speaking to reporters , Ismail Haniya said there was an active Palestinian resistance in Gaza but that it "  does not work outside of the borders of Palestine . " He said recent Israeli accusations that al Qaeda had secured a foothold in the Palestinian territory were "  an illusion " and were being used a pretext for future Israeli military action in Gaza and to incite American and international public opinion against Palestinians . The remarks were made in reference to Israel 's targeted killings last month of two Palestinians in Gaza . The Israeli military claimed the victims were senior operatives of an al Qaeda inspired radical group known as the Army of Islam and were planning attacks against Israeli and American targets in the Sinai Peninsula . Haniya said he had written a letter to Egypt 's intelligence chief Omar Suleiman , assuring him that no Palestinian resistance groups were operating in the Sinai Peninsula . Asked about Hamas ' relationship with Salafist organizations in Gaza , Haniya stressed the "  moderate " nature of the Palestinian people and said the government was "  not seeking a clash with any party . " Salafists are a Muslim splinter group . Haniya acknowledged that Hamas had some differences with Salafist organizations in the past but claimed there had been "  no significant incidents " since a violent showdown with a radical group in August of last year which left 21 dead and scores injured . Haniya argued Israel 's targeted killings were part of a coordinated Israeli government media campaign to portray Palestinians as the aggressor . "  We are the ones being strangled in the siege , and now Gaza is being marketed as the ones who have the bombs , missiles and anti-aircraft missiles " Haniya said "  This is purely made up and all lies . "	Prime minister says al Qaeda is not operating in Gaza He says charge is "  an illusion " by Israel Haniya says he has assured Egypt Palestinians are not planning attacks in the Sinai
CNN  -- Breaking four ribs in six years has turned out to be more than just bad luck for golfer Brandt Snedeker . After another rib injury saw his early season form vanish , the American World No. 7 discovered he had a debilitating bone disease . "  It 's something called low bone turnover , " Snedeker told CNN World Sport . "  For some reason my rib cage does n't generate the right amount of bone it should do . "  It boils down to the fact that I have brittle ribs . I 'm now on medication to try and counteract it . It 's been helping a lot . "  I have n't had any issues in the last few months and it 's nice to get that behind me and focus more on golf . " Getting back on course , literally , will be a relief to Snedeker , who is targeting a big finish to the season in the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup playoffs -- which start this week with The Barclays at Liberty National in New Jersey . After winning the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am in February , the 32-year-old was forced to take a month long break from the game . That hiatus interrupted what he considered to be a halcyon period on the golf course . "  I played the best golf of my career in the first couple of months  of the year  , " Snedeker explained . "  Then I got injured and I had to fight my way back from that . "  I 've had some glimpse of playing some great golf again but I have n't had the consistency I had at the beginning of the year -- hopefully I can get back to that , I 'm close . " Getting back to his best saw Snedeker clinch a three-shot victory at the Canadian Open at the end of July and climb to third in the FedEx Cup standings . Snedeker is the defending FedEx Cup champion and this week heads to New Jersey for the first of four playoffs . But with Tiger Woods , who has won five times this season , leading the tournament rankings from fellow American Matt Kuchar , the golfer from Nashville is under no illusions about his chances of becoming the first person to successfully defend the crown . "  It 's going to be really , really tough , " said Snedeker . "  I 'm excited to be in a good position going into the playoffs but you never really know what 's going to happen until you get in the mix of it . "  Tiger is leading that race and he is going to be a formidable guy going into the final stretch . "  But there are four tournaments and these are all great golf courses culminating at East Lake in Atlanta and it should be a lot of fun . " The FedEx Cup sees player accrue ranking points throughout the season with the top 125 taking part in the first playoff . The field is whittled down with a final 70 players competing for the $ 10 million prize purse at the Tour Championship in Atlanta in September .	Golfer Brandt Snedeker reveals a bone disease has been affecting his form The American has brittle ribs but says new medication is helping him focus on golf Snedeker is the FedEx Cup champion but says defending the title will be tough The FedEx Cup playoffs begin at Liberty National in New Jersey this week
EW.com  -- Lindsay Lohan 's NBC-mediated mini-comeback continues ! Following an interview with Matt Lauer on Today -- and in preparation for her hosting gig on this weekend 's "  Saturday Night Live " -- Lohan swung by Thursday 's episode of "  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon . " The genial Fallon asked Lohan just how , exactly , she landed the hosting gig . Lohan claimed that she 'd been pestering "  SNL " czar Lorne Michaels for a return trip to "  SNL " for a long time . "  I kept asking him , " she said . "  I was n't giving up . " Michaels apparently ran into Lohan in Los Angeles , and offered her the job on the spot : "  You know Lorne , he 's very straight to the point , " said Lohan . "  He was like , ` What about March 3 ? ' I 'm like , ` I 'm free ! ' " The ever-excitable Fallon was kind to the eternally beleaguered starlet , focusing his questions mostly on "  SNL " and on her just-announced role as Elizabeth Taylor in an upcoming Lifetime movie . "  What 's the name of the movie ? " asked Fallon . "  Liz and Dick , " said Lohan , who endearingly could n't understand why the audience immediately erupted into laughter .  Oh , get your mind out of the gutter !  From there , Fallon lightly skipped over the last eight years of Lohan 's career , guiding the conversation into an mutual reminiscence about the very first "  Debbie Downer " sketch back in 2004 . If there was one awkward note in the interview , it came when Lohan asked Fallon -- apparently out of the blue -- if he 'd be interested in swinging by "  SNL " this weekend .  Fallon seemed nonplussed , and Lohan admitted she did n't know exactly what his role would be .  The actress stuck around to play a round of Pictionary . The clues included "  Pole Vaulting , " "  Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is , " and "  Corndog . "  Oh , get your mind out of the gutter ! It was , in short , an undeniably pleasant interview that offered absolutely no indication whether this weekend 's "  SNL " will be a comeback event , a trainwreck , or a postmodern trainwreck comeback event . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lindsay Lohan claimed that she 'd been pestering "  SNL " czar Lorne Michaels for a return "  I kept asking him , " she told Jimmy Fallon . "  I was n't giving up " The ever-excitable Fallon was kind to the eternally beleaguered starlet
New York is famous for its singular residents : Loudmouthed taxi drivers . Hirsute Brooklyn hipsters . Upper East Side patrons of the arts . Now , the city is welcoming an unlikely new breed of denizen : a newly discovered species of frog . A team of scientists has identified the unique critter , dubbed the Atlantic Coast leopard frog , in the marshes of Staten Island -- beside New York Harbor and not far from the Statue of Liberty . The frog 's habitat stretches from Connecticut to North Carolina , but it 's the discovery of an exotic animal species in one of the world 's most densely populated urban areas that has scientists buzzing . "  It is incredible and exciting that a new species of frog could be hiding in plain sight in New York City , " said Joanna Burger , a biology professor at Rutgers University and a co-author of a research paper about the frog , published this week in the scientific journal PLOS One . The finding confirms research done more than 75 years ago by Carl Kauffeld , former director of the Staten Island Zoo , who wrote many books about amphibians and was considered an authority on the subject . Kauffeld published a paper in 1937 in which he claimed to have discovered the new frog species , but his research was dismissed for lack of evidence . Kauffeld died in 1974 at age 63 . His cause was taken up six years ago by Rutgers doctoral candidate Jeremy Feinberg , lead author of the new paper . Feinberg and other researchers said they were able to employ modern technology to examine the genetics and mating calls of leopard frogs and determine that the amphibians in the wetlands of Staten Island were in fact distinct from two closely related other species inhabiting the northeast U.S. "  We had the benefits of genetic testing and bioacoustic analysis that simply were n't available to Kauffeld to prove that even though this frog might look like the two other leopard frogs in the area , it was actually a third and completely separate species , " Feinberg said . In giving the scientific name Rana kauffeldi to the new frog , Feinberg and a team of seven other researchers chose to honor Kauffeld and his work . "  After some discussion , we agreed that it just seemed right to name the species after Carl Kauffeld , " Feinberg said . "  We wanted to acknowledge his work and give credit where we believe it was due , even though it was nearly 80 years after the fact . " Despite its trademark urban canyons of steel , glass and concrete , New York actually is home to a wide variety of animal life . The 843 acres of Central Park , for example , contain raccoons and opossums , many types of migratory birds and a rare species of centipede . And , of course , lots and lots of pigeons . No word on whether the Staten Island frog ever swims across the harbor to Manhattan for a little sightseeing . But given the public fascination with the Bronx Zoo cobra that briefly escaped its enclosure in 2011 , it may be only a matter of time before the new frog gets its own Twitter account .	A new frog species is discovered in New York , of all places Researchers encountered the frogs living in the marshes of Staten Island The finding confirms research done more than 75 years ago
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- A passenger describes women screaming in the darkness . A father learns his child is trapped . A son , fearing death , tells his mother he loves her . Investigators have n't said what caused a South Korean ferry boat carrying hundreds of passengers to capsize on Wednesday . But as rescuers searched frigid waters for nearly 300 missing people , text messages purporting to be from missing passengers surfaced , describing the harrowing moments after the ferry started to roll . CNN affiliate YTN reported on several messages , purportedly from passengers aboard the sinking vessel to their loved ones . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the messages or when they were sent . It 's also unclear what happened to the people who sent them . On Thursday , the semi-official Yonhap News Agency reported that police now believe the messages supposedly sent after the ferry sank were fake . Yonhap cited the Cyber Terror Response Center of the National Police Agency as saying that investigators had checked the cell phone records of missing passengers and found none had made any calls or texts after the ferry sank . It 's unclear if other texts , purportedly sent earlier in the incident , were also believed fake . The messages , widely reported in South Korean media , painted a chaotic picture of the situation aboard the ferry as hundreds of passengers waited for help and some purportedly reached out to loved ones . ` We are not dead yet ' "  No phone connection so there is no Internet connection . So just sending text message . There are few people on the ship , ca n't see a thing , it 's totally dark . So there are few men and women , women are screaming , " says one purported text message from a passenger obtained by CNN . "  There are a few people in the ship , " the student writes to his mother , "  and we are not dead yet , so please send along this message . " A son reaches out "  Mom , in case I wo n't get to tell you , I 'm sending this . I love you , " another message says , according to CNN affiliate YTN . The mom , apparently unaware of what was happening , responds , "  Why ? " Then , "  I , too , love you , son . " A father offers his child advice In another exchange described by YTN , a father advises his teenager to go outside to reach rescuers . "  No -- I ca n't move because it is tilted too much . Moving is more dangerous , " the teen replies . Later , the teen writes , "  No , Dad , I ca n't walk now . There are no kids in the hallway . And it is too tilted . " ` The ship got hit by something ' "  I was on my way to Jeju Island , " a passenger writes in a message to his brother , according to YTN . "  The ship got hit by something and is not moving and the coast guards are on the way . " CNN 's KJ Kwon reported from Jindo , South Korea . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . Hyoun Joo Song and CNN 's Jane Lee and Amara Walker contributed to this report .	Police say no texts , calls , placed after ship sank , Yonhap News Agency reports Investigators checked cell records and found nothing , news agency says , citing police The messages painted a harrowing picture of events aboard ferry
CNN  -- Jupp Heynckes ensured his job at Bayern Munich will be a little bit harder after ending his two-season stint at Bayer Leverkusen on a winning note on Saturday . Leverkusen needed a point in the final match of the Bundesliga season at Freiburg to clinch second place ahead of Bayern and condemn the defending champions to the qualifying rounds of the 2011-12 Champions League . The Bavarians kept up the pressure to the last , beating Stuttgart 2-1 under caretaker coach Andries Jonker , but Leverkusen secured automatic European qualification with a 1-0 victory . Freiburg , coached by Heynckes ' imminent successor Robin Dutt , finished in ninth place after losing to a deflected goal just before halftime as Cedric Makiadi diverted Hanno Baltisch 's header from Renato Augusto 's corner into his own net . It was an eventful closing round as champions Borussia Dortmund sent Eintracht Frankfurt down to the second division with a 3-1 home win , while 2009 champions Wolfsburg escaped relegation by beating Hoffenheim 3-1 . St. Pauli also went down as bottom club after losing 2-1 at fifth-placed Mainz , who had already qualified for the Europa League . Hannover will also be playing in Europe 's second-tier competition next season , finishing two points clear of Mainz after a 3-1 win over sixth-placed Nuremberg . Borussia Monchengladbach face a relegation playoff against a second division side after drawing 1-1 draw at eighth-placed Hamburg . Dortmund clinched a first German league title since 2002 at the end of last month , but had to come from behind against Frankfurt to ensure a proper party in front of their home fans in a match featuring two missed penalties and a red card . Top scorer Lucas Barrios saw his 12th-minute spot-kick saved by visiting keeper Ralf Fahrmann , and Sebastian Rode gave Frankfurt hope with a header just after halftime . Lukasz Piszczek 's backheel set up Barrios for a 68th-minute equalizer , then Marco Russ put the ball into his own net soon before things got even worse for Frankfurt when Marcel Titsch-Rivero was sent off less than a minute after coming on as a substitute . Brazilian defender Dede was given the chance to take the resulting penalty after coming on as a replacement in his farewell matched , but his 81st-minute effort was also saved . However , Barrios sealed victory with a late header from Robert Lewandowski 's cross , being the Paraguay striker 's 16th goal this season . Bayern Munich 's Mario Gomez finished top of the Bundesliga scoring charts after adding his 28th this season at home to Stuttgart . The Germany striker put Bayern level in the 37th minute after being set up by Arjen Robben as he canceled out Shinji Okazaki 's opener . Bastian Schweinsteiger headed the winner with 19 minutes to play from a cross by substitute Toni Kroos , while Gomez also hit the bar before being replaced as Bayern finished three points adrift of Leverkusen . Heynckes led Bayern to titles in 1988-89 and the following season , and was caretaker coach after Jurgen Klinsmann was sacked in April 2009 . Wolfsburg stayed up despite Brazilian playmaker Diego walking out of the team hotel after being left out of the starting line-up by Felix Magath . Roberto Firmino put Hoffenheim ahead early in the second half , but two goals from Mario Mandzukic gave Wolfsburg the edge and then striker Grafite unwittingly deflected in a shot by teammate Sascha Riether . Magath 's former club Schalke ended the season two points above Wolfsburg after losing 2-1 at Cologne despite a late goal from Raul . Schalke , who reached the semifinals of the Champions League this season , will play second division Duisburg in next Saturday 's German Cup final . Cologne earlier announced that former Copenhagen coach Stale Solbakken will take charge next season . The Billy Goats had been under the interim control of director of sport Volker Finke , who will make way for the 43-year-old Norwegian after guiding the team to 10th place . Promoted Kaiserslautern finished a creditable seventh after a three-goal first-half blitz set up a 3-2 win over Werder Bremen .	Bayer Leverkusen 's win means Bayern must play in Champions League qualifiers Leverkusen finish second to farewell Munich-bound coach Jupp Heynckes Champions Borussia Dortmund relegate Eintracht Frankfurt with 3-1 win Wolfsburg escape the drop while Monchengladbach face playoff to stay up
CNN  -- At least 150 people drowned when a boat leaving Libya capsized off the Tunisian coast on Wednesday , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday . Scores more were still missing Friday as a rescue operation by Tunisian authorities continued . The overcrowded boat , which set sail Saturday from Tripoli , was headed for Lampedusa , in Italy , carrying about 850 people . The passengers were mostly migrants from West Africa , Pakistan and Bangladesh who were fleeing fighting in Libya , the UN High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  said in a statement . The agency , which did not indicate how many people had been rescued , said some survivors reported the boat was manned by people with little or no maritime experience . Soon after the boat left Tripoli , it ran into difficulties and by Tuesday the passengers ran out of food and water . The boat ran aground Wednesday near the Kerkennah Islands , some 300 kilometers  about 186 miles  northwest of Tripoli in the Mediterranean Sea , UNHCR reported . "  Desperate passengers rushed to one side , seeking rescue by the Tunisian coast guard and fishing boats that had approached the vessel , " and the boat capsized , the agency said in a statement . "  This appears to be one of the worst and the deadliest incidents in the Mediterranean so far this year , " Adrian Edwards , a UNHCR spokesman in Geneva , said . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter the European Union . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked the dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 . "  Boats loaded with migrants fleeing the ongoing conflict in Libya have been making the journey to Italy and Malta over recent months , sometimes with tragic consequences . Just last month , hundreds died as a vessel carrying about 600 people broke up shortly after departing Tripoli , " UNHCR said in its statement .	Thousands of refugees from fighting in Libya have tried to flee to Europe An overcrowded boat with about 850 people aboard left Tripoli on Saturday The boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea on Wednesday Some 150 drowned ; Tunisian authorities continue to search for survivors
CNN  The U.S. ocean , atmospheric and space agencies affirmed on Friday what the planet has been telling us every way it knows how : 2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 . That means average land and sea temperatures , worldwide , have never been hotter in modern times , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  the gold standard for global climate data  and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration  the guys who put a man on the moon  . This is n't about whether we believe in science : It 's about whether we believe the thermometer . In fact , the 16 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1997 , the new data confirm , contributing to widening deserts , rising seas , withering drought , ravaging storms , blistering heat and other climate change impacts reaching from the tiniest African village to our own backyards . Here in the United States , Arizona , Nevada , Alaska and California all wrapped up their hottest years on record . California remains mired in the grip of a three-year drought , its worst in centuries . The Northeast is still rebuilding from Hurricane Sandy . And that was just one of the climate-related disasters that cost this country an estimated $ 139 billion in damages in 2012 alone . Above and beyond the economic costs , climate change has created a widening humanitarian crisis noted by spiritual leaders around the world . For example , Pope Francis is expected to publish an encyclical on the state of the world 's environment , singling out climate change as an urgent challenge to global stewardship . It 's reported that he 'll call on people of all faiths to embrace our obligation to protect future generations from this grave and gathering scourge . President Obama has embarked on the single greatest U.S. effort yet to combat this growing menace , by reducing the dangerous carbon pollution that 's driving climate chaos . He has directed the Environmental Protection Agency to put in place the first limits on carbon pollution from the power plants that account for about 40 % of the U.S. carbon footprint . Under the President 's Clean Power Plan , we 'll cut carbon emissions from our power plants 26 % by 2020 and 30 % by 2030 . We can do better than that -- and we should . The President 's plan puts us on the right track . Since last summer , EPA officials have been hard at work , coordinating with their state counterparts , public service commissions , power companies and other vested stakeholders to come up with tailor-made plans to hit the targets in the most cost-effective way . Some power companies are already well on their way , investing in efficiency so we can do more with less waste , getting more power from the wind and sun , cleaning up dirty power plants or some combination of the three . Even as we , as a nation , begin to make progress , though , some coal , gas and oil companies and their allies on Capitol Hill want to turn us back around . Republican leaders in the Congress have pledged to lead legislative efforts meant to keep the EPA from cutting carbon pollution . The Republican leaders are n't offering answers of their own , mind you ; they just want to block any action that could help us address the problem of climate change . It 's part of the big polluter agenda they 've vowed to press , putting fossil fuel profits first -- and putting the rest of us at risk . We have a responsibility in this country to stand up and speak out for what matters most . That 's the essence of American democracy . It 's part of what makes us exceptional . It 's part of what makes us great . We just finished , worldwide , the hottest year on record . Those are facts no amount of climate change denial can alter . We have a choice in this country . We can continue to feed climate disaster by anchoring our future in the fossil fuels of the past , or we can protect future generations from the ravages of climate change by investing in the clean energy solutions of tomorrow .	2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 High temperatures have resulted in widening deserts , rising seas , droughts , ravaging storms , blistering heat While President Obama is trying to tackle climate change , Republicans are blocking meaningful actions
CNN  -- A banker caught looking at photos of a semi-nude model on live TV will remain an employee of the Sydney-based Macquarie Private Wealth , the firm said Friday . David Kiely became a Web sensation after he was filmed on Australian television admiring pictures on his computer screen of scantily-clad Miranda Kerr . Kiely was opening e-mailed pictures of Kerr while one of his colleagues , Martin Lakos , was being interviewed on Channel 7 news behind him on Tuesday . "  In accordance with Macquarie established policies and practices and internal review , interview events of 2nd February has been completed , " a company spokeswoman told CNN . "  This review has been discussed with the employee and action taken . He will remain an employee of Macquarie . Macquarie and employee apologies for any offense that may have been caused . " A Web site was set up calling for Kiely to not lose his job . An email petition , Here is the City , wrote : "  Whether set up or not , Kiely was really only guilty of being in the wrong place at the wrong time . There but for the Grace of God . " It said Kiely "  seems like a nice bloke , the pictures were not hardcore and that he had already suffered enough . " It adds : "  There 's just too much political correctness in this world anyway . " A posting of the clip on YouTube had attracted more than 1.3 million hits by Thursday , along with thousands of comments , with many viewers arguing Kiely was unlucky to be caught on TV .	Banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live TV Firm says he will keep his job Internet campaign launched in bid to save his job Video of incident viewed more than 1.3 million times on YouTube
The Frisky  -- We were worried that Sandra Bullock was going to disappear out there in the Texas flatlands and take a Hollywood hiatus for good . Thank goodness we were wrong . The word is that she may be coming out of hiding to reunite with her costar from "  The Proposal , " Ryan Reynolds , for a new action comedy called "  Most Wanted . " Welcome back , rom-com queen ! Inspired by this quirky , funny re-coupling , here are nine more classic and endearing onscreen couples that we want to see get back together on the big screen . The Frisky : 8 celebrity dudes describe their dream women 1 . There is no magic like the magic of Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling in "  The Notebook . " We need them back together ASAP ... on and off screen . 2 . Kate Winslet and Leo DiCaprio have done a couple of brilliant collaborations , but what about Kate 's chemistry with Jim Carrey in "  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ? " We ca n't forget it . The Frisky : 6 celeb couples dish on their  cheap !  first dates 3 . We wish that Johnny Depp and Winona Rider could put all the broken engagement and shoplifting drama behind them and give us another taste of that Burton-style bad romance , à la "  Edward Scissorhands . " 4 . It 's been way too long since Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau were so "  money " together in "  Swingers . " The Frisky : Is Julia Roberts ' "  Eat , Pray , Love " the most boring movie poster ever ? 5 . I do n't think it 's too late for Diane Keaton and Woody Allen to bring back some of their neurotic , onscreen charm from "  Annie Hall " and "  Manhattan . " 6 . Do Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in "  Good Will Hunting " count as a couple ? If so , let 's try it again , shall we ? The Frisky : Team Bella ? What the "  Twilight " credit cards looks like 7 . We 're hoping for another movie starring Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt , only this time they end up together , unlike in "  500 Days of Summer . " 8 . Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray 's chemistry was never "  Lost in Translation " for us . Let 's do part deux ! 9 . We need to see Lloyd Dobbler  aka John Cusack  and Diane Court  aka Ione Skye  from "  Say Anything " all grown-up and back onscreen . The Frisky : Is "  Bachelorette " Ali really single ? TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	There is no magic like the magic of Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling in "  The Notebook " It 's not too late for Keaton and Allen to bring back some neurotic , onscreen charm Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray 's chemistry was never "  Lost in Translation " for us
THE HAGUE , Netherlands  CNN  -- The International Criminal Court at the Hague issued an arrest warrant Wednesday for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur . Al-Bashir waves to supporters in the sudanese capital , Khartoum on Wednesday . It is the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal . Bashir is charged with seven counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes . The warrant does not mention genocide , but the court may issue an amended warrant to include that charge later , ICC spokeswoman Laurence Blairon said . But Sudan 's minister of information and communications said the country does not plan to cooperate with the "  white man 's tribunal . " Kamal Obaid said : "  Sudan perceives those decisions as an insult directed at  Sudan 's  nationalism and sovereignty ... The government relies on the strong will of the people and on a national consensus not seen before and  stands  by decisions taken by its council of ministers and parliament and restates what it always confirmed . " Speaking on Sudanese TV , he added : "  The Security Council and international community must bear full responsibility toward any escalation produced by those clumsy decisions . " Watch a pro-Bashir rally in Sudan " Five of the counts against Bashir are for crimes against humanity and include murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture , and rape , Blairon said . The other two are for war crimes , for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . "  Bashir 's official capacity as head of state does not exclude criminal responsibility or get him immunity , " Blairon said in announcing the warrant . The ICC 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , filed genocide charges against al-Bashir in July last year , accusing him of masterminding attempts to wipe out African tribes in the war-torn region with a campaign of murder , rape and deportation . Watch more on the verdict " The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . A man describes how he was told to rape children " The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . Moreno-Ocampo told CNN 's Nic Robertson last year that he had "  strong evidence that al-Bashir is committing a genocide . " But Blairon said the evidence submitted to judges so far does n't support that charge . Watch Christiane Amanpour 's reaction to the verdict " "  In order to speak about a genocide , you need to have a clear intent that a person wishes to destroy , in part or as a whole , a targeted group , a specific group , " Blairon said . "  In this specific case , the  judges of the  Pre-Trial Chamber 1 has not been able to find that there were reasonable grounds to establish the genocidal intent . " Prosecutors may still return to the chamber if new evidence of genocide emerges , and the court may then decide to issue an amended warrant , she said . Moreno-Ocampo said Wednesday he would have to review the court 's decision not to include genocide in the arrest warrant , but he pointed out it is possible to appeal . Al-Bashir bears responsibility for the crimes committed in Darfur , Moreno-Ocampo said last year , because he sat at the apex of the government . "  For such crimes to be committed over a period of five years and throughout Darfur , al-Bashir had to mobilize and keep mobilized the whole state apparatus ; he had to control and direct perpetrators ; and he had to rely on a genocidal plan , " Moreno-Ocampo wrote as background for arrest warrant request . The Sudanese government has long rejected the authority of the ICC , saying Sudan is not a signatory to the court 's creation so there is no legal obligation to turn al-Bashir over to the court . Sudan : ` Process is unlawful ' " U.S. State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid issued a statement on the arrest warrant , saying "  the United States is strongly committed to the pursuit of peace in Sudan and believes those who have committed atrocities should be held accountable for their crimes . " The statement urged all groups "  to exercise restraint in responding to this development and to ensure the safety and security of vulnerable Sudanese populations , international civilians , and peacekeepers on the ground . " Germany and the UK both urged Sudan to cooperate with the ICC . "  We deeply regret that the government has not taken these allegations seriously or engaged with the court , and we repeat today our call for its cooperation , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said . The ICC said the obligation to surrender al-Bashir falls on all countries that are also members of the U.N. Security Council and to "  any other state as may be necessary . " And the judges have ruled that additional arrest warrants may be issued for Al-Bashir and served on any state as required , said court registrar Silvana Arbia . Al-Bashir is scheduled to attend an Arab summit in Doha , Qatar , later this month . Moreno-Ocampo said Wednesday that al-Bashir stands the chance of being arrested should he travel . "  The judges were clear : There is no immunity for head of states before the ICC , " the prosecutor said . "  As soon as Omar al-Bashir travels through international air space , he can be arrested . " "  Omar al-Bashir 's destiny is to face justice , " he added . "  It will be two months or in two years , but he will face justice . " About 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates , and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes . "  His victims are the very civilians that he , as a president , was supposed to protect , " Moreno-Ocampo said . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Sudan says it will not cooperate with International Criminal Court ICC charged Sudan president Omar Hassan al-Bashir with Darfur war crimes It is first the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state About 300,000 have died in Darfur , U.N. says ; 2.5 million forced from homes
CNN  -- Christine Lagarde is set to take over as the head of the International Monetary Fund Tuesday , the first woman to to run the influential financial institution . Lagarde , who was the finance minister of France , takes over at a crucial time for the IMF as the organization is working closely with the European Union and the European Central Bank to provide financial support for troubled European economies . Lagarde will serve a five-year term as the global financial institution 's managing director and chairman , the IMF said . "  I am deeply honored by the trust placed in me by the Executive Board , " Lagarde said in a statement last week . She succeeds Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who was arrested earlier this year in New York on sexual assault charges . The only other contender for the job was Mexican Central Bank chief Agustin Carstens , who was supported by Australia , Canada and Mexico . The IMF said it selected Lagarde , last week , by a consensus vote . Lagarde was also backed by the United Kingdom , Germany and most European powers , as well as some Asian and African nations . The IMF , which is made up of 187 member countries , has traditionally been led by a Western European official . Some developing nations had pushed to break that tradition , arguing that the IMF should consider candidates from rising economic powers in Asia and South America . Lagarde , 55 , had been French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's finance minister since June 2007 . She also served as the country 's to foreign trade official . A lawyer by training , Lagarde was a partner at the international law firm of Baker & McKenzie before going into politics . According to her official biography , Lagarde was born in Paris to school teachers and has two children of her own . She was a member of the French national synchronized swimming team and was inducted into the nation 's Legion of Honor in 2000 .	The top job was left open by Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's resignation Christine Lagarde served as the finance minister of France Lagarde beat out Mexican Central Bank chief Agustin Carstens for the job
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- The mortality rate in Moscow , Russia , has "  doubled recently " because of an extended streak of heat and smog , Andrei Seltsovsky , the head of the city health department , told Russian news agencies Monday . Seltsovsky said that the average daily mortality rate in Moscow is 360 to 380 cases , but "  today the rate is around 700 . " Out of 1,500 slots in city morgues , 1,300 were occupied , he added . The death toll directly attributed to the country 's recent spate of wildfires remained at 52 , the Russian Health and Social Development Ministry said on its website Monday . Another 62 people across Russia were in hospitals with wildfire-related ailments , and in all , 741 people had sought wildfire-related medical assistance , it said . CNN iReport : See and share images of Russia wildfires The ministry said 22 out of the country 's 83 regions , mostly in central Russia , are affected by wildfires . And no relief is in sight , with temperatures forecast to remain high in central and northwestern Russia through August 20 . The Russian meteorological service Roshydromet said on its website Monday that the level of air pollution will remain high in and around Moscow in the coming days . "  The air will remain filled with products burning in forest and peat fires , and with toxic emission coming from motor vehicles and industrial enterprises , " Roshydromet said . It asked Moscow 's industrial businesses to start cutting emissions by 20 to 40 percent from 3 p.m. Monday until 3 p.m. Wednesday to help reduce air pollution . Alexander Frolov , who heads Roshydromet , appeared live on Russian state TV on Monday . He said high levels of pollutants in the Moscow air pose a serious danger to Muscovites ' health . "  The highest levels were registered on August 7 and 8 , with the concentration of particulate dust exceeding the permitted level by 3.4 times . It is very harmful for the human body as it accumulates in it and is virtually not excreted , " he said . Frolov said carbon monoxide and ozone levels were significantly higher than the permitted norm . "  It can be said that we lived through probably the worst time with very high levels of harmful substances caused , firstly , by exhaust from motor vehicles and industries and , secondly , by forest fires , " he said . The Moscow region and the majority of the European part of Russia remain in a zone of high fire risk , Frolov said . According to the Russian index of fire risk meteorological indicators , developed by Roshydromet , most of the European part of Russia is in the fifth , or emergency , risk class for wildfire potential . Forests in the southwest , south and southeast of the Moscow region are particularly fire-prone , primarily because of peat bogs , he said . "  As many as 276 wildfires have been extinguished , " Russia 's emergency ministry told the state media RIA Novosti on Sunday . "  Currently , 554 wildfires are raging on an area of over 190,000 hectares , " or more than 730 square miles . The dire conditions also are wreaking havoc on agriculture in Russia , Frolov said . "  Unfortunately , the forecast is for virtually no precipitation in August , " he said . "  Precipitation is crucial as we now need to think when to plant winter crops . The situation in many regions is such that so far there is no reason to start planting winter crops , despite the optimal planting time beginning in some regions . " Roshydromet forecasts a 30 percent drop in Russia 's harvests due to the drought , he said . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced a ban on grain exports last week that will start on August 15 and could last until December 31 . At Monday 's government meeting broadcast on state TV , Putin said the order was prompted by uncertainty over this year 's farm production . A decision on the timeframe for the grain export ban will happen only after the results of the harvest are known , Putin said . Some regions wo n't be sowing winter grain at all this year , so a swift end to the export ban should n't be expected , he said . "  Of course , this is a temporary measure , but we are in an extraordinary situation and we have to worry about our own citizens and our own farmers , " Putin said . "  The question is what the country will be left with in 2011 . We do n't know what the harvest will be and how much carry-over grain there 'll be in 2011 . " The prime minister said Russia would need 78 million metric tons of grain to support its people this year , but because of the drought , the country might produce only 60 million to 65 million metric tons , forcing it to dip into its "  state intervention fund . " "  One can say that neither we nor our ancestors observed or registered anything like it , in terms of heat , within a 1,000-year period since the foundation of our country , " Frolov said Monday . "  This phenomenon is absolutely unique . There is no record of such cases . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	The mortality rate has doubled in the Russian capital , says Moscow 's health chief Hundreds of people have become sick and more than 50 have died due to wildfires The Russian government is asking businesses to cut back on emissions The hot weather is n't expected to let up until after August 20
Nine years after the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , a seismic event in Lebanese history , the trial of four men accused of his killing opened Thursday in a special United Nations-backed court . However , the stand at the Special Tribunal for Lebanon in The Hague was empty , with the suspects -- alleged associates of the Shiite militant group Hezbollah -- still on the run . Billionaire statesman Hariri was killed in February 2005 when a bomb struck his motorcade near the Beirut seafront . The blast ripped apart his armored car and destroyed the motorcade , killing 21 other people and wounding more than 200 others . It was a moment that changed Lebanese history , fueling the sectarian divisions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims in the Mediterranean country and leading to the withdrawal of Syrian troops . The special court investigating the assassination announced in February 2012 that Mustafa Badreddine , Salim Ayyash , Hussein Oneissi and Assad Sabra would be tried in absentia . They face counts ranging from conspiracy to commit a terrorist act to murder and attempted murder . Hezbollah denies involvement . Hearing streamed live Presiding Judge David Re opened the trial , presenting the indictments against the accused . Thursday 's hearing also included the prosecution 's opening statements , expected to continue until Friday , according to the official Twitter account of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon . "  This is a historic day for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon as it marks the transition from complex and difficult investigations to the new phase of trial , " said Marten Youssef , a spokesman for the tribunal . The hearing is being streamed live online . In Lebanon , television stations -- except for Hezbollah 's Al Manar -- broadcast it live . "  A day for Lebanon " Youssef said the case was the "  first trial for a crime of terrorism in an international tribunal . " It is being held in Leidschendam , on the outskirts of The Hague . Hariri 's son Saad , also a former prime minister , and other family members have traveled to the city . Speaking outside the court building , Saad Hariri thanked the Special Tribunal for Lebanon "  for the opportunity to find justice against the criminals who committed this heinous crime . " "  Unfortunately the names of those who perpetrated these crimes are Lebanese , they follow a certain political party , " he said . "  They are innocent until proven guilty . This is what we want ... justice , not vengeance . We never seek vengeance and hopefully by the end of this trial we will find out the truth and we will get the justice that we called for in Lebanon . " He said the start of the trial was "  a day for Lebanon ; today is a day we fought for nine years . " Hariri 's supporters say the businessman-turned-politician was killed because of his opposition to Syria 's longtime military presence in his country , and his death led to popular protests , nicknamed the "  Cedar Revolution , " that led Damascus to withdraw its troops . Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north -- ostensibly at first as peacekeepers to help stop Lebanon 's long civil war -- but maintained a significant presence long after the fighting stopped in 1990 . Syria has denied accusations that it was behind the bombing . Car bomb Shortly before the trial began , a bomb blast ripped through the northeastern Lebanese city of Hermel , killing three people and injuring 26 others , state news agency NNA reported . The explosion took place near city offices and a number of banks . Hermel is in the northern Bekaa Valley near the Syrian border and is known as a Hezbollah stronghold . NNA said a suicide bomber had blown up a car , and the army said expert teams were investigating the site . "  Army units in the region deployed and cordoned off the area , and a unit of the military police and a number of specialized experts came to the scene to investigate the site ... and remains found next to the car to specify the nature of the blast , " the military said in a statement . Thursday 's bombing was the latest in a wave of attacks to hit Lebanon in recent months as the civil war in Syria increasingly spills over the border into its smaller neighbor . Hermel has been targeted before , with missiles launched from Syria , where Hezbollah has sent fighters and military advisers . U.S. to Americans in Lebanon : ` Exercise extreme caution '	Son of slain premier Hariri says start of trial "  a day for Lebanon " Four suspects are being tried in absentia in The Hague The 2005 assassination polarized Lebanon and led to the withdrawal of Syrian troops Earlier , a bomb killed three people and injured 26 in the city of Hermel in northeast Lebanon
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  The question haunting Kiev is this : Who might be murdering allies of Ukraine 's ousted President Viktor Yanukovych ? The idea that this might be happening is not entirely new . But it muscled its way to the fore again this week with two high-profile shooting deaths in the Ukrainian capital -- one of a former member of parliament with ties to Yanukovych , the other of a Ukrainian journalist known for his pro-Russian views . Oleg Kalashnikov , the former member of parliament , was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m. Wednesday at the entrance to his apartment block . Kalashnikov , 52 , was a member of the Party of Regions , the former ruling party in Ukraine , and was close to Yanukovych . Police are investigating the death as a murder . A day later , on Thursday , journalist Oles Buzyna , 45 , was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus , Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko said . The car 's license plates were reported to have been from either Latvia or Belorussia . The killings renewed speculation , sparked by earlier unusual deaths , about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych . At least three former members of parliament with the Party of Regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks : • On February 28 , Mikhail Chechetov reportedly jumped from the window of his 17th-floor apartment in Kiev , having left a suicide note . He was suspected of having falsified the results of a parliamentary vote in early 2014 that essentially prohibited protest just as thousands of people were protesting against the Yanukovych government . • On March 9 , Stanislav Melnik , a former member of parliament with the Party of Regions and the manager of several businesses in the separatist-minded eastern city of Donetsk , was found dead in his apartment near Kiev . He , too , reportedly left a suicide note . • And three days later , on March 12 , Oleksandr Peklushenko , another former member of parliament , was found in his house in Zaporizhzhya , in southeastern Ukraine , dead of a gunshot wound . Police are investigating various scenarios , including suicide . Interior Ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko said Peklushenko "  might have wanted to avoid punishment for using violence against protesters , which he was suspected of . " Ukraine is deeply divided , and it has been for years . About a third of the population speaks Russian as opposed to Ukrainian . Whether the country should be drawn into the orbit of Russia or the West is a visceral issue , a question for many Ukrainians not of politics but of identity . Recent events have deepened the divide . In 2014 , after Yanukovych turned his back on the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia , he was driven from office by mass demonstrations . And with Russia 's subsequent annexation of Crimea and its support for Russian-speaking separatists in eastern Ukraine , the internecine animosity made the ugly transformation into war . With a government toppled and armed conflict in the east , Ukrainians have reason to want each other dead . But the view of who might be responsible for the series of deaths differs starkly , according to which side of the country 's divide one is on . The Opposition Bloc , the country 's major opposition party , has no doubt the deaths have been politically motivated -- "  bloody terror against opposition politicians and journalists , " the bloc 's media office called them . "  It is clear oppression of those who are not afraid to criticize the government , " it said . The government , unsurprisingly , sees things differently . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , who came to office after Yanukovych was ousted , has demanded an investigation of the killings of Kalashnikov and Buzyna , his media office said . "  It is evident that these crimes have the same origin , " the media office quoted Poroshenko as saying . "  Their nature and political sense are clear . It is a deliberate provocation that plays in favor of our enemies . It is aimed at destabilizing the internal political situation in Ukraine and discrediting the political choice of the Ukrainian people . " And Anton Geraschenko , an adviser to the country 's interior minister , took the theory one step further . "  It should not be excluded that the killings of Oleg Kalashnikov and Olez Buzyna were planned and organized from Moscow and are a part of a plan to destabilize Ukraine and further support anti-Ukrainian mood in Russian society , " Geraschenko said .	Five recent deaths heighten suspicions on both side of Ukraine 's ethnic divide Ukraine 's President orders an investigation of the recent killings The opposition calls the killings "  oppression , " but the government says Moscow may be to blame
Budget Travel  -- Last October , more than 40 people followed signs depicting a skull and crossbones , with a knife and fork in place of the bones , to a secluded Bavarian-style hunting lodge 30 minutes north of St. Louis . An Entre dinner party was hosted in a Missouri hunting lodge . The attendees did n't have any idea where they were headed or what to expect . All they knew was that they were in for a five-course meal courtesy of John-Jack , an undercover chef who 'd invited each of them via a top-secret e-mail to the latest of what he calls his Entre dinner parties . Guests arrived to a bluegrass band jamming in a room decorated with deer antlers . As a fire crackled in the massive stone fireplace , they dined on wild-elk medallions , home-cured bacon , grapefruit confit , and butternut squash ice cream -- and toasted their good fortune with pumpkin ale from nearby microbrewery Schlafly . Welcome to the world of underground supper clubs . Getting a reservation requires a little detective work , but once in , you may never go back to eating out the old-school way again . The idea behind these dinners is to let talented chefs work their whisks in an affordable , relaxed setting . And since they 're often operating out of their own kitchens , without a license to serve the public , these cooks have to keep the locales , and their own identities , under wraps . Budget Travel : The utterly random dinner party "  The trend started in food-centric cities like San Francisco , but in the last year , groups have been popping up across the country , " says Jenn Garbee , author of "  Secret Suppers , " which spotlights some of the more than 80 clubs now up and running in the U.S. . One such is Guerrilla Cuisine , founded by an incognito cook in Charleston , South Carolina , who uses the alias Jimihatt and wears a ninja mask at his gatherings . As at many clubs , diners must submit their reservations weeks in advance on Jimihatt 's Web site and then wait for an e-mail with directions to the hush-hush locale . Based on his track record , you wo n't be disappointed : The bearded Jimihatt and his rotating crew of sous-chefs have served secret , Southern-style suppers  andouille sausage gumbo , Cajun smoked chicken , chocolate beignets  in galleries , wineries , even a grocery store . Budget Travel : Haute diners Jimihatt now has a little friendly competition from an Atlanta cook named Lady Rogue . Her RogueApron shindigs each have a different theme . At a recent event , a Great Depression-style repast in Lang-Carson Park , guests stood in a soup line for pancetta minestrone with porcini mushrooms , and lemongrass-spiked corn broth . Then they divided into teams for an impromptu game of Wiffle ball . "  Our goal , " Lady Rogue says , "  is to make dining more inclusive and to have strangers connect over food . What better way to meet people ? " For those hoping to break bread with their own buddies , there 's 12B in Vancouver . To keep operations simple , its mastermind , Chef Todd , hosts the six-course dinners in his own apartment , hence the name . And unlike most supper clubs , 12B cooks only for groups of friends  up to 12 at a time  . Budget Travel : Pay-what-you-like restaurants "  Even after working 16-hour days , I would sit at home and think , ` I 've got to find a way to feed more people , ' " Chef Todd says . Money is n't the incentive . His minimum-donation fee of $ 50 just covers costs for a feast  stuffed artichoke hearts , five-mushroom ravioli , butter-poached scallops served with BBQ pulled pork  that would average twice as much in a restaurant . But as Chef Todd will attest , these clubs are less about saving and more about spending a night eating exceptionally well in the unlikeliest of places , whether a cozy lodge straight out of a fairy tale or a humble living room . Supper Clubs Entre , St. Louis , Missouri , http://danssouslaterre.com/ , five-course meal from $ 45 , including a wine pairing with each course Guerrilla Cuisine , Charleston , South Carolina , http://guerrillacuisine.com/ , six-course meal from $ 50 , BYOB RogueApron , Atlanta , Georgia , http://rogueapron.wordpress.com/ , three-course meal $ 20 , including wine or beer pairings with each course 12B , Vancouver , B.C. , 12breservations@gmail.com, six-course meal from $ 50 , BYOB Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Underground supper clubs started in food-centric cities like San Francisco Now there are more than 80 clubs up and running in the U.S. Chefs operating out of their own kitchens without licenses to serve the public They have to keep the locales , and their own identities , under wraps
CNN  -- It 's hard to say exactly what percentage of desktop and laptop computers run Apple OS X , but it 's clear that the operating system has made slow but steady gains at chipping away at that the sizable lead Microsoft established in the '90s with its Windows operating system . Some figures put the number at about 6 to 7 percent of the desktop market . But one thing 's for sure : OS X has been more successful than Linux , the open source operating system that has found a home on data-center servers but is still a rarity on desktops and laptops . Linux may have seen a surge last year , but it still has n't seen the sort of growth OS X has , nor the growth that Linux supporters have long hoped for . Why is that ? Miguel de Icaza -- one of the original creators of GNOME , a Linux desktop interface that has struggled to take hold -- believes that a large portion of the software developers that could have taken Linux to greater heights defected to other platforms , including not only Apple OS X but -- more importantly -- the Web . Some might blame the slow progress of desktop Linux on the fragmentation of the desktop user interfaces used by the major Linux distributions . In 2010 , Canonical announced that it would replaced the popular GNOME desktop environment with its own homegrown Unity environment in the Ubuntu distribution , much to many Linux geeks ' chagrin . But many are also unhappy with the direction GNOME has taken , including Linux creator Linus Torvalds , who posted a tirade about it on Google Plus last year . Torvalds switched to Xfce , a desktop environment originally created as a lighter-weight alternative to the dominant GNOME and KDE environments . The audio and video centric Ubuntu Studio completed a transition to Xfce last month , and earlier this month , the venerable Linux distribution Debian dropped GNOME as its default desktop environment and replaced it with Xfce . But de Icaza says the desktop wars were already lost to OS X by the time the latest shakeups started happening . And he thinks the real reason Linux lost is that developers started defecting to OS X because the developers behind the toolkits used to build graphical Linux applications did n't do a good enough job ensuring backward compatibility between different versions of their APIs . "  For many years , we broke people 's code , " he says . "  OS X did a much better job of ensuring backward compatibility . " But at the same time , development was shifting to the web . Open source on the desktop became a lot less important than open source on the server . The need to develop native applications was diminishing and at the same time OS X provided a good enough Unix-like environment that programmers could develop on a Mac and then deploy to a Linux server . The web is where open source truly thrives . Even Steve Ballmer admits that Linux is beating Windows in the web server market . Even if you do n't have a single open source application installed on your laptop , if you use the web you 're probably being served by several open source technologies , including web servers like Apache and Nginx and programming languages and frameworks like PHP and Ruby on Rails all running on an open source operating system . The latest trends in web technology , from cloud computing to big data , are also built on open source technologies such as Apache Hadoop , MongoDB and the Xen hypervisor . Open source powers the server side of the web , but there 's no guarantee of openness on the user-facing side . And that 's where open source advocates are focusing much of their efforts now , even if they have started using Macs . "  Many people who were talking about Free Software are the people talking about the open web now , " de Icaza says . One of them is Stormy Peters , the former executive director of the GNOME Foundation . She 's still on the GNOME Foundation board an like de Icaza she still keeps some Linux machines around . But as director of websites and developer engagement at the Mozilla Foundation , her focus is now on the open web . "  The reason I 'm personally at Mozilla is that I saw a lot of websites that were n't designed with the principles of free software , " she says . Thanks to AJAX and HTML5 , the web has become the dominant platform for applications she says . In what ways can the principles of free software be applied to the web ? Peters says one of the most important aspects of open source software is that you , or someone you trust , can examine an application 's source code and see what it 's doing . One way to bring this level of insight to the web is help users control their data and how it is used by web applications . That 's the goal of Mozilla Identity team , who are working on Mozilla Persona , a browser-based identity and authentication system . Another big change since the early days of the Linux desktop is the rise of the mobile web . "  There 's a huge portion of the world who are going to first experience the internet through the mobile devices , " Peters say . To that end , Mozilla is working on its Boot to Gecko open source mobile operating system , but possibly more importantly is the Mozilla Marketplace . These applications will run anywhere that the Firefox web browser will . Mobile development is also on de Icaza 's mind . Since 2001 he 's been working on Mono , an open source framework for running Microsoft 's . NET languages on non-Microsoft operating systems like Linux and OS X . Now the project is available on Android and iOS as well . Meanwhile , through all of this , GNOME and the Linux desktop are still chugging along . GNOME 3.6 is out , and is working to improve the developer experience . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	As Apple 's operating system emerges , Linux stalls Open-source system has found a home on data-center servers , but not captured the public One creator says developers who could have pushed Linux have defected At Mozilla Foundation , focus is now on Web development
London  CNN  Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , are to spend the next four days in the United States , visiting the nation 's capital and Louisville , Kentucky . The couple arrived in Washington on Tuesday evening . Many people will remember Charles from the day in July 1981 when , as a dashing young prince , he kissed his shy bride , Diana , on the balcony of Buckingham Palace in front of the eyes of the world . But many things have changed since then , including their divorce , Diana 's death in a car accident in 1997 and his marriage to Camilla , now Duchess of Cornwall . Here are five things to know about the Prince of Wales : While a lot of attention in recent years has been focused on his sons , Princes William and Harry , Charles is next in line to the British throne . His mother , Queen Elizabeth II , has ruled for more than 60 years  in fact , in September she is expected to overtake her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria for the title of Britain 's longest-reigning monarch . Her longevity is welcomed by her subjects , but it means that Charles , at age 66 , has spent a long time as a monarch-in-waiting . He 's also now a grandfather , thanks to the birth of Prince George in 2013 . Charles and Camilla tied the knot on April 9 , 2005 . The couple first visited the United States together as newlyweds , and Camilla was confronted by hard-core Princess Diana fans with abusive placards . Polls at the time found that between 57 % and 73 % of Brits opposed Charles ' new wife being known as queen . If you go back even further , to 1997 , the year Diana died , an Ipsos MORI poll put it at 86 % . But there 's been a change in sentiment since they married . A new poll conducted by ComRes for CNN found that only 35 % now oppose Camilla being known as queen . Nearly one in four said they liked her more now than they did 10 years ago . In an exclusive interview with CNN royal correspondent Max Foster , Charles opened up about the couple 's relationship . He met Camilla years before he wed Diana , who famously said in a 1995 BBC TV interview that "  there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded . " Reporter 's notebook : Interviewing the royal couple The prince has admitted talking to his plants in past TV interviews , inviting ridicule from some quarters . But as part of his interest in sustainability , he has championed organic farming and gardening for many years , including on his large country estates . He has a fully functioning organic farm at Highgrove estate in Gloucestershire , England , and founded his own organic food brand , Duchy Originals , which now turns a healthy profit and helps fund his charitable foundation . According to his official website , he 's an advocate of traditional rural skills and enjoys hedge laying . Charles has riled some people over the years with his outspoken views on architecture , which prioritize the traditional over the modern . In 1984 , he made headlines when he described a proposed modern extension to the National Gallery in London as "  a monstrous carbuncle , " according to news reports from the time . He 's also invited controversy by reportedly writing to ministers -- and even the Prime Minister -- on subjects close to his heart . This intervention in the public sphere has troubled those who believe the royals should not get involved in such debates and worry that , once king , Charles may not remain above politics in the way that his mother has . In a piece published by The Architectural Review in December , Charles explained his thinking on architecture , saying "  designing places according to the human scale and with Nature at the heart of the process has always been my central concern . " The future king has often been photographed on the ski slopes of Europe and in the past has also tried his hand at water skiing , surfing and scuba diving . He was a keen polo player for more than four decades , only retiring from the sport in 2005 . This is despite breaking his arm in two places when he fell off a pony during a polo match in 1990 . He also climbed in the saddle as a jockey on a number of occasions . His website also describes him as an "  experienced watercolourist " who likes to paint in the open air at home and on his travels .	Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , are visiting the United States Charles , an advocate of organic farming and traditional architecture , is heir to British throne
A federal judge has turned aside calls to publicly release video and photographs of the U.S. military raid and aftermath that left al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden dead . Judicial Watch , a conservative legal group , had asked the Department of Defense to comply with a Freedom of Information request for the material , especially photos of the September 11 mastermind lying dead on the third floor of his Pakistan hideout . The group argued it was being "  irreparably harmed " by the Obama administration 's "  unlawful withholding of requested records . " But Judge James Boasberg ruled Thursday there were legitimate national security interests to deny disclosure . "  A picture may be worth a thousand words . And perhaps moving pictures bear an even higher value , " said the Washington-based judge . "  Yet , in this case , verbal descriptions of the death and burial of Osama bin Laden will have to suffice , for this court will not order the release of anything more . " Deported bin Laden family members head to Saudi Arabia Judicial Watch made its initial request the day after the commando assault by Navy SEALs . A similar request for material was filed against the CIA . President Barack Obama had announced that the U.S. government would not reveal any photographs of the May 2 , 2011 , military action and bin Laden 's subsequent burial at sea . Some members of Congress have been allowed to privately view the materials this week . Some al Qaeda-affiliated leaders , along with domestic and foreign websites and blogs , have questioned whether bin Laden was really killed and whether the details of his death released by the administration were accurate . A May 9 , 2011 , letter from the Pentagon to Judicial Watch -- mentioned in the legal complaint -- stated , "  At this time , we are unable to make a release determination on your request within the 20-day statutory time period " required by federal law . The legal group had the option of filing an administrative appeal directly with the Defense Department , rather than going for a lawsuit . "  The American people have a right to know , by law , basic information about the killing of Osama bin Laden , " Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said then . "  Incredibly , the Obama administration told us that it has no plans to comply with the Freedom of Information law , so we must now go to court . President Obama 's not wanting to ` spike the football ' is not a lawful basis for withholding government documents . This historic lawsuit should remind the Obama administration that it is not above the law . " Obama had barred any public release of photos or video , telling CBS News , "  It is important to make sure that very graphic photos of somebody who was shot in the head are not floating around as an incitement to additional violence or as a propaganda tool . " He added , "  We do n't trot this stuff out as trophies . We do n't need to spike the football . " Judicial Watch calls itself a "  a conservative , nonpartisan educational foundation  promoting  transparency , accountability and integrity in government , politics and the law . " The case is Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Defense  1:11 - cv-890  .	Al Qaeda leader was killed in U.S. raid on May 2 , 2011 Conservative legal group sued , seeking release of photos of the incident Judge says "  verbal descriptions of the death ... will have to suffice "
CNN  -- Militants who control parts of Somalia 's capital city are beating women in broad daylight for violating their radical brand of Islamic law , according to local officials and witnesses in Mogadishu . "  Just today , Al-Shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets around Bakara market and they are flogging any woman who is found not wearing socks , " according to a female maize trader at the Mogadishu market , who spoke Thursday . She did not want to be named for security reasons . In the past two days , more than 130 people , including women who were not wearing headscarves and men chewing dried khat leaves , have been detained for violating Al-Shabaab 's interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , according to witnesses and officials . Hooded Al-Shabaab gunmen rounded up 50 women on Wednesday from Mogadishu 's Bakara market for not wearing the veil that is required for women under some interpretations of Islamic law , according to the maize trader . "  Most of these women were vegetable traders , so they are poor and ca n't afford to buy veils for 600,000 shillings -LSB- about $ 23 U.S. -RSB- , " she said . She said she saw more women being detained Thursday . Another 80 Somali civilians were detained in the southwestern town of Luuq , near the Kenyan and Ethiopian border , "  because they turned deaf ear to orders we imposed on the town , " said the local Al-Shabaab commander Sheikh Hussien al-Iraqi . Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . It has been imposing stricter rules on Somali civilians living in the areas it controls . Earlier this month , Al-Shabaab militants whipped women for wearing bras in an area of northern Mogadishu that they control , shocking residents who have been besieged by the ongoing insurgency . The militants believe the female undergarments are a deception to men .	Militant group Al-Shabaab imposes strict interpretation of law in areas it controls Women violate law by not wearing socks , headscarves and by wearing bras "  Al-Shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets , " witness says Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States
CNN  -- Some of the world 's oldest and rarest Bibles and biblical texts were placed online Tuesday in newly digitized form by two of the world 's most venerable libraries . The project , which aims to make 1.5 million pages of ancient texts freely available in virtual form over the next three years , is a joint effort by the Bodleian Libraries at Oxford University and the Vatican Library . The project is focused on three main areas : ancient Greek manuscripts , Hebrew manuscripts and 15th-century printed books , known as incunabula . They will include secular and religious texts . For its online launch , however , the organizers have highlighted a smaller group of Bibles and biblical commentaries , each of which has been chosen for its particular historical importance . They include a copy of a Gutenberg Bible , the first major book printed with moveable metal type in the Western world , and the beautiful woodcuts of a Bible printed in 1478-1479 in Cologne , known as Stamp . Ross . 283 . The four-year project , which began in 2012 , is funded by a 2 million pound  nearly $ 3.3 million  award from the Polonsky Foundation , a charity that supports higher education and research . Dr. Leonard Polonsky , in a video clip posted on the project 's website , said that it would ensure that fragile texts that "  should be part of the inheritance of mankind " were safeguarded for future generations . "  It 's too dangerous to have unique exemplars of anything in one place , " he said . "  Digitizing enables us to secure all of this material and of course make it broadly available . It 's an opportunity you ca n't resist . " The Archbishop of Canterbury , Justin Welby , said , "  Where you can see these actual texts there is just a lifting of the spirit , something that inspires worship . " The project is of "  huge international significance , " he said , because a far wider range of scholars than before will now be able to see the texts . Conservation staff at the Bodleian and Vatican libraries have worked together to ensure the ancient documents are not exposed to any harm in the digitization process , a news release from the Bodleian Libraries said . Scholars will be able to zoom in on texts and images to study them more closely . "  I envision how useful it will be to scholars and many other interested people , " Monsignor Cesare Pasini , the prefect of the Vatican Library , is quoted as saying . "  Moreover , I see the common fruit of our labor as a very positive sign of collaboration and sharing that is a trademark of the world of culture . " Rare Psalm book sells for $ 14.2 million	The Bodleian and Vatican libraries are digitizing rare and ancient texts in a joint project The texts will be freely available online for anyone who wants to look at them They include Greek and Hebrew manuscripts and early printed books
Washington  CNN  -- A congressional panel investigating claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel will meet for the first time Tuesday . In November , U.S. Air Force investigators announced they had found "  serious misconduct " and "  gross mismanagement " in the handling of remains at the base . The findings came after the Air Force conducted a year-long investigation into 14 allegations of wrongdoing made by whistleblowers involving the remains of four U.S. service members killed in action , the Pentagon official said . The panel , which is being chaired by retired Gen. John Abizaid , has been given "  full authority to review all aspects of mortuary affairs to ensure we are meeting the highest standards of care for our fallen . " Department of Defense spokesman Capt. John Kirby said . Abizaid retired from the Army in 2007 after leading U.S. Central Command the final three years of his 34-year military career . Last week , the Air Force admitted that it sent more sets of military personnel remains to a Virginia landfill than it originally acknowledged . Backtracking on initial information about how it handled the remains of American service members killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Air Force said the cremated body parts of hundreds of the fallen were burned and dumped in the landfill . Earlier , the Air Force said only a small number of body parts had been buried in a commercial landfill and claimed it would be impossible to make a final determination of how many remains were disposed of in that manner . The Washington Post broke the story , and the Air Force now confirms that body fragments linked to at least 274 fallen military personnel sent to the base mortuary were cremated , incinerated and buried with medical waste . That procedure was in place between November 2003 and May 1 , 2008 . The Air Force also said that 1,762 body parts were never identified and also were disposed of , first by cremation , then by further incineration and then buried in a landfill . Congressman Rush Holt , D-New Jersey , Thursday accused the Pentagon of what he called "  willful blindness " in not acting faster to identify and correct the problems and fully report them . "  For years , this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and , I would say , dishonorably , " Holt said in a telephone interview . He said he had been asking the Pentagon for months about information about Dover , on behalf of a constituent whose husband was killed five years ago . "  They do n't get it . They do n't understand the degree of dishonor involved in all of this , " Holt said . Last month , the Defense Department told the congressman that exact numbers could not be determined . "  Without individual case-by-case review , the exact number of Service-directed disposition of subsequent remains can not be determined , " said a fact sheet sent to Holt in November . "  It would require a massive effort and time to recall records and research individually . " When bodies are not intact -- for instance , in the aftermath of a crash or explosion -- a body may be released to the family before some parts have been identified by the Air Force Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware . Families can elect to be notified when parts are identified or leave it up to the military to dispose of them appropriately . Since the policy was changed in 2008 , the unclaimed body parts are buried at sea . Holt pointed to how the United States spends millions each year searching for the remains of service members missing in action from previous wars , for instance in Southeast Asia . "  That makes us proud to be an American , that we would do that , " Holt said . "  It is a level of response that honors our soldiers . " The mistakes at Dover send a different message , Holt said . "  It sends shudders to think that we engage in this kind of desecration , " he said . But at the Pentagon , aides to Panetta said he is satisfied with how the Air Force responded in regard to the landfill policy and new information about how many of the American fallen were involved . "  I think the secretary is comfortable with the way the Air Force has handled this , " said Kirby . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Charley Keyes	Service members ' body parts incinerated , buried with medical waste Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base handles remains of returning war dead An earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuary
EW.com  -- What worked for "  Breaking Bad " might not be working for "  Mad Men . " AMC unveiled the first half of "  Mad Men 's " split final seventh season to the lowest debut audience since the show 's second year . But unlike the cable network 's "  Breaking Bad " â $ " which climbed in the ratings with every season , including its similarly split two-year final run â $ " only 2.3 million viewers watched Don Draper 's return Sunday night at 9 p.m. . The acclaimed period drama then had two repeats for a grand total of 4.4 million . AMC pointed out to reporters that "  Mad Men " is "  the most upscale show on ad-supported television among adults 18-49 , and sees significant time-shifting activity . " The network also noted these numbers are not far off from the sixth season 's average . The second episode of AMC 's new historical drama "  Turn " had 1.9 million viewers with its premiere airing â $ " not good , but it 's a fair performance considering its lead-in . Meanwhile , HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " stayed strong with 6.3 million viewers , which is down a scant 5 percent from last week 's record-setting return . It 's also up 48 percent from last year 's second episode , and gained another 1.7 million across two replays . The second episode of HBO 's new comedy "  Silicon Valley " was down a bit more , averaging 1.7 million viewers , declining 15 percent from its debut . While Veep had 860,000 , down 10 percent . Here 's EW 's "  Mad Men " recap and interview with Neve Campbell . For "  Thrones , " here 's our recap of Joffrey 's shocking wedding , an in-depth interview with the showrunners , our Q&A with author George R.R. Martin and an exclusive chat with actor Jack Gleeson . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Mad Men 's " ratings were n't the greatest The second episode of AMC 's "  Turn " had 1.9 million viewers "  Game of Thrones " stayed strong with 6.3 million viewers
As Sandy took aim at the East Coast , President Barack Obama discarded campaign events in Florida and Virginia to return to Washington and address the storm from the White House . Obama visits Red Cross : ` Storm is not yet over ' Mitt Romney adjusted his schedule to hit the battleground state of Ohio and direct campaign resources in Virginia and New Hampshire to focus on storm relief . Romney on storm aftermath : ` People are hurting ' The candidates sought to balance the real threat of a killer storm against the need to squeeze out any last-minute advantages in battleground states ahead of next Tuesday 's vote . For the next few days , routine campaigning may be put on the shelf . This week , it may all be about who can behave the most presidential . Obama was staying put in Washington on Tuesday and Wednesday , while Romney attended an event in Ohio where his campaign sought goods and other help for those in states affected by the storm . Crowley : Sandy introduces big unknown into campaign David Gergen , a professor of public service at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government , said Obama did the right thing by returning to the nation 's capital as the storm approached . "  People will claim he did it for political reasons , but I believe he deserves the benefit of any doubts . He did exactly what he should be doing as president , " said Gergen , who is also a CNN contributor . "  That is part of the job . Presidents are expected to lead in a time of crisis . " The candidates are treading carefully in dealing with the storm 's political fallout . Both the president and Romney canceled more than a dozen campaign events since Saturday so as not to appear insensitive , chew up resources and otherwise get in the way of storm preparations . For the moment , the political optics may favor Obama , said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . Sandy disrupts campaigns "  The better the response the better Obama is going to look , " Sabato said . "  The worse the response ... the worse he 's going to look . This presidential moment could help or hurt him . " Obama signed disaster declarations for New York and New Jersey , which were hit by severe flooding and wind damage , as well as other states and the District of Columbia . Virginia was the lone battleground state in Sandy 's path . The White House said that Obama would remain in Washington on Wednesday as well to monitor the storm response and would not participate in campaign events scheduled for Ohio . Obama administration officials stressed they would work with states to ensure disaster aid is available for the millions affected by the storm . A White House official said Obama told officials that he wants them to think creatively about ways to help states hit by power outages affecting at least seven million people throughout the mid Atlantic region . "  I want everyone leaning forward on this . I do n't want to hear that we did n't do something because bureaucracy got in the way , " Obama said , according to the official . Obama has received briefings right along by Federal Emergency Management Agency officials and held a meeting in the White House situation room before reading a statement to reporters on Monday as the storm approached . He said it would be a "  difficult storm . " Romney also turned his attention to Sandy during a campaign event in Ohio on Monday , saying "  our hearts and prayers " were with those in her path . "  A lot of people are going to be facing some real tough times as a result of Sandy 's fury , " Romney said in Avon Lake , Ohio . Romney called off a Monday night campaign event in Wisconsin , and sent vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan in his place to another in Florida . But his continued campaigning in Ohio may not be seen as a issue . "  As long as he is in states where weather is not a problem , I do n't see any problem with him campaigning , " added Gergen , who is also the director of the Center for Public Leadership at the Harvard Kennedy School . "  He really has no role in trying to deal with this storm . " Romney 's campaign late Monday night announced that an event scheduled for Tuesday in Kettering , Ohio , had been rebranded as a "  storm relief event . " "  We wo n't be able to solve all the problems with our effort , " Romney told the crowd on Tuesday . "  There will still be a lot of people looking for goods even though we 've gathered these things but I know that -- one of the things I 've learned in life is that you make the difference you can , and you ca n't always solve all the problems yourself but you can make the difference in the life of one or two people as a result of one or two people making an effort . " Romney said he believed that supplies gathered at the event would be put on trucks and shipped to New Jersey where Gov. Chris Christie said on Tuesday that floodwaters had stranded hundreds of people . 5 things to watch in hurricane-wracked campaign Obama also canceled trips to the swing states of Florida and Colorado , far beyond the reach of Hurricane Sandy . A shrewd move , political experts say . "  As voters , particularly those who are undecided , deliberate over whom they should support , they will watch Obama as he navigates through the storm and the post-storm clean-up , " wrote Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University . "  The crisis offers an opportunity for him to act presidential in a way for which some voters are thirsting and to demonstrate the kind of command that has often been lacking , " Zelizer said . Obama 's very visible posture is in stark contrast to his predecessor . President George W. Bush 's administration was widely criticized for failing to act in a timely manner during Hurricane Katrina . "  Presidents for a generation or two will remember the Bush disaster with Katrina , " Sabato said . "  Presidents and their staffs go out of their way to avoid another Katrina happening to their president . " Similarly , when Sen. John McCain rushed back to Washington in 2008 at the height of the banking meltdown , effectively "  suspending " his presidential campaign against Obama because of the "  historic crisis in our financial system , " the move was seen as odd and impulsive at a time when steady leadership was needed . On the other hand , Obama 's handling of the financial crisis -- appearing masterful while McCain appeared confused , marked a turning point in the 2008 presidential race , political experts say . Both campaigns are keenly aware of how it looked . Romney was in a tricky position . He dialed back heavy campaigning and steered clear of pontificating on recovery efforts . "  Romney ca n't do anything but express concern , " Sabato said . Experts disagree about whether the storm will ultimately have an impact on the outcome of the election . "  My sense is that it is going to be a wash , " said Gergen , who has worked for four presidents in both parties . "  It wo n't change the outcome . " Asked at the White House on Monday if he was worried about the storm 's impact on the election , Obama said he was concerned about those in harm 's way and how Sandy might influence the economy . "  The election will take care of itself next week , " he said .	Obama cancels campaigning through Wednesday ; monitors storm response Tricky political moment for both candidates ahead of next week 's election Romney shifts focus to campaigning in Ohio ; makes staff available for storm relief
For all the noise about the State Department 's final environmental review of the Keystone XL Pipeline being a "  blow " to pipeline opponents , the report contains more than enough information for Secretary of State John Kerry -- a respected environmental champion -- to conclude that the pipeline is not in the national interest . Although you have to dig a bit , the report recognizes the dangers associated with the tar sands fuel that the pipeline would transport . Oil from tar sands spews 17 % more greenhouse gas than the average crude oil refined in the United States . If the pipeline operates at capacity , that 's as much carbon pollution as 5.7 million more cars driving on our roads . This is enough added pollution to erase as much as 70 % of the carbon pollution reductions from the Obama administration 's recent motor vehicle emission standards . Using the Obama administration 's estimates of the social cost of carbon , that adds up to $ 128 billion in climate costs over the lifetime of the project , costs that can too often be measured in parched farmland , compromised human health and property damage from floods . So how does the report admit the possibility of lasting environmental harm from the tar sands on the one hand while concluding that building the pipeline would not cause an increase in greenhouse gas emissions on the other ? It presumes that the tar sands fuels are going to get to market anyway , so the environmental damage happens with or without Keystone XL . Opinion : Keystone a pipeline to future of dirty fuel We think this presumption is seriously flawed . One key assumption is the report 's forecast that crude oil prices will stay above $ 75 per barrel . Below that price , the report actually finds that Keystone does make a difference in driving tar sands production and greater carbon pollution . Contrary to the report 's assumptions , there is a real chance that crude oil prices will fall below that level . Energy commodity traders at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and experts at the International Energy Agency forecast a sharp decline in oil prices over the next decade . The Energy Information Agency 's low oil price forecast , which assumes slower economic growth in developing countries , projects oil prices around $ 75 or below from 2015 through 2040 . In addition , the more successful international efforts are at promoting energy efficiency and new forms of clean energy , the more demand for traditional fossil fuels will shrink , pushing prices down . The report also presumes that all tar sands growth will come from low - cost projects , and higher cost tar sands projects wo n't be built with or without the pipeline . That 's unrealistic : Higher cost projects are moving forward , but their continued economic viability will depend on variables such as low-cost transportation as well as sufficiently high oil prices . The tar sands producers themselves belie the claim that Keystone XL wo n't make a difference in bringing the tar sands to market . The CEO of major tar sands producer Cenovus admitted that his company 's plan to triple production in coming years was contingent on more pipeline capacity . Financial giants such as RBC Capital , Goldman Sachs , Barclays and CIBC have all linked the size of the tar sands industry to the availability of new pipelines . The desperate push over this pipeline shows how badly tar sands producers need Keystone XL . Opinion : Keystone XL pipeline makes sense Perhaps most serious , the State Department report fails to take into account the actions needed to prevent catastrophic climate change . In Copenhagen , Denmark , in 2009 , the United States and more than 100 other nations agreed that we need to limit the global temperature increase from carbon pollution to 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees Fahrenheit  . President Barack Obama affirmed that goal in his Climate Action Plan . According to the models used in Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change analysis , we must keep atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations below 450 parts per million to achieve the 2 degrees target . That 's not possible if we maintain the status quo , much less bring online more and exceedingly dirty sources of fuel such as tar sands oil . In a glaring omission , the Keystone XL review failed to factor in the 2 degrees limit , and assumed the continuation of business-as-usual practices for the next quarter century . We have almost no chance of meeting the 2 degree goal if any of the report 's scenarios are realized . Kerry 's obligation is to determine what is in the national interest . For all its flaws , the report acknowledges that the tar sands that would get to market through Keystone XL could significantly worsen climate change . That 's a risk that climate champions such as Kerry and Obama should n't be willing to take .	Writers : Review of Keystone XL pipeline information shows it 's not in the national interest They say tar sands oil spews 17 % more greenhouse gas than crude oil refined in the U.S. Writers : Report acknowledges tar sands oil from Keystone could worsen climate change Oil companies will need even more pipelines to reach their goals , they say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Oscar Reynoso owed his bosses $ 300,000 , and he was running out of time . One anti-drug operation in Atlanta netted $ 10.6 million , 108 kilos of cocaine , 17 pounds of meth and 32 weapons . Gunmen snatched Reynoso and locked him in the basement of a home to try to settle the drug debt . He was chained to a wall of the basement by his hands and ankles , gagged and beaten . His captors , members of a powerful Mexican drug cartel , held Reynoso for ransom , chained in the sweltering , dirty basement for six days without food . Reynoso 's ordeal could 've been a scene from the drug war in Mexico . But it played out recently in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . U.S. federal agents are fighting to keep that kind of violence from gripping Atlanta , as the city known for Coca-Cola and Delta Air Lines has become a major distribution hub for Mexican drug cartels . In fiscal year 2008 , authorities confiscated about $ 70 million in drug-related cash in Atlanta , more than anywhere else in the United States , the Drug Enforcement Administration says . This fiscal year , Atlanta continues to outpace all other U.S. regions in such seizures , with $ 30 million confiscated so far . Next are Los Angeles , California , with about $ 19 million , and Chicago , Illinois , with $ 18 million . "  There is definitely a center of this type of drug activity here , and we are working to make sure the violence does not spill out to the general public , " Atlanta U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said . Atlanta has become a stopping point for truckloads of Mexican cocaine , heroin , marijuana and methamphetamine , agents say . The drugs are held in stash houses before being distributed up the East Coast . "  The money comes down here also to money managers in Atlanta , who get the books in order before it is sent out , " said Rodney Benson , Atlanta 's chief of the DEA . Agents attribute the growth in drug trafficking to Atlanta 's location , proximity to other major cities and access to major highways . Authorities also point to the growth of the Hispanic population in Atlanta , which allows practitioners of the Mexican drug trade to blend in among hard-working , law-abiding Hispanics . No place is that more evident than in Gwinnett County , a community about 20 miles north of Atlanta . Gwinnett 's Hispanic population rocketed from 8,470 in 1990 to 63,727 in 2000 , according to the U.S. Census . By 2010 , 20 percent of the county 's projected population of 700,000 is expected to be Hispanic . "  In Gwinnett County , the drug dealers are able to hide in plain sight , " county District Attorney Danny Porter said . "  To combat this , we have to be much more coordinated between my office , the police department and the federal authorities . The presence of the organizations is a dilemma enough that we have to develop new tactics . " Federal agents say arrests and drug-related violence in Atlanta have been linked to the two most powerful Mexican organizations : the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels . A battle over drug routes has been blamed for the recent surge in violence in Mexican border towns , bloodshed that has included hundreds of deaths . The fear is that the battle will extend deeper into the United States , causing more to suffer a fate similar to Reynoso 's ordeal in the Gwinnett County basement . Lucky for Reynoso , federal agents had a wiretap on his captors ' phones . Agents stormed the home just as it appeared that the debt would not be paid and Reynoso would be killed . "  There is no doubt in my mind that we saved his life that day , " said the DEA 's Benson . One case resolved , as cartels thrive in Atlanta .	City outpaces all others in the United States in drug-related cash seizures $ 30 million has been confiscated in Atlanta this fiscal year Location , proximity to other cities and highways cited in trafficking growth Drug dealers "  hide in plain sight " in suburban Gwinnett County
Ames , Iowa  CNN  -- Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann won the Ames Straw Poll Saturday , besting eight other Republican candidates in a nonbinding but politically significant vote in the first caucus state of Iowa . "  This is the first step toward taking the White House in 2012 , " Bachmann told the crowd . "  And you have sent a message that Barack Obama will be a one-term president . This is a wonderful down payment on taking the country back -- and it started in Iowa . " The vote was billed as one that could make or break some campaigns . Six Republican presidential hopefuls on Saturday personally appealed for Iowans ' vote , not including former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . She drew throngs at the Iowa State Fair on Friday but has yet to officially decide if she 's running . Bachmann secured 4,823 votes , narrowly besting Texas Rep. Ron Paul who had 4,671 votes . Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty was chosen on 2,293 ballots , placing him third . Paul 's campaign chairman Jesse Benton said the result proved that the congressman is "  a top-tier candidate " that indicates "  our message is spreading , our support is surging , and people are taking notice . " Pawlenty , who has trailed in recent polls despite heavy investment in Iowa , issued a statement saying , "  We made progress in moving from the back of the pack into a competitive position . ... We are just beginning , and I 'm looking forward to a great campaign . " The next closest contenders , in order , are : former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum with 1,657 votes , businessman Herman Cain with 1,456 votes , and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney with 567 votes . That was slightly less than the 718 who wrote in the name of Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- who declared his candidacy Saturday and was n't even on the ballot . Part country fair and entirely political , the Ames Straw Poll has helped take the pulse of a campaign 's strength since 1979 . It 's also the first opportunity for the tens of thousands of voters who weighed in Saturday on which GOP president candidate they support . The results were announced around 5:30 p.m. CT , capping days of intense politicking and several hours of speeches from candidates and other prominent Republicans . Bachmann had reason to celebrate , but had a little competition in the headlines department : Perry announced his presidential bid at a meeting of conservatives in South Carolina . The timing of his announcement prompted some grumbling among Iowa Republicans . Nine announced candidates were on the Iowa ballot , although two of them -- Romney and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman -- skipped the contest . Huntsman is avoiding the Iowa caucuses completely , while Romney 's advisers are carefully watching the state and could pounce in the coming months if they see an opening . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was on the ballot , too , but his cash-strapped campaign did not have a formal presence at the straw poll and he only got 385 votes . Michigan Rep. Thaddeus McCotter shelled out thousands of dollars to reserve campaign space outside the straw poll venue , but -- while he played up the perils of "  big government " and of ceding "  the 21st century  to  Communist China " -- he was not , as expected , a major factor , securing a mere 35 votes . Bachmann had been positioned at or near the top of most Hawkeye State polls thanks to the passions she has stirred among tea party activists and social conservatives who make up a large part of the caucus electorate . But there are questions about how strong her organization in the state is and whether she can compete with Pawlenty 's respectable ground game . Like Huckabee in 2007 , though , Bachmann has a natural appeal to evangelicals and home-school activists who tend to show up at political events like straw polls . In her speech in Ames on Saturday , Bachmann exuded optimism -- proudly and loudly insisting , "  We are the team that ca n't be beat . " Besides playing up her roots in Iowa , where she was raised , the three-term U.S. representative cast herself as a fiscal conservative and "  national security conservative . " Still , some of the most impassioned parts of her speech dealt with her stances on social issues . "  We are social conservatives , and we will never be ashamed of being social conservatives , " Bachmann said . "  We understand that religious liberty is the essence of the foothold of this nation . " Another candidate who came in with high expectations was Paul , given his strong performances in straw polls at various conservative gatherings over the years . Such successes are a testament to the devotion of his libertarian-leaning followers and their ability to outorganize and outhustle the competition . But these days , political observers and members of the media take his straw poll wins for granted . And these victories have yet to translate to larger ones for the now three-time presidential candidate -- who has n't broken through yet in Republican elections nationally . Speaking Saturday , Paul called for fewer government regulations and more "  freedom for America . " "  Liberty and life does not come from the government , " he said . "  It comes from our creator . " As much as the vote -- a fund-raiser for the Iowa Republican Party -- could catapault some candidates , it may also eliminate those who have staked their candidacies on Iowa but struggled to generate grassroots enthusiasm . They included Santorum , who acknowledged his underdog status but promised a comeback . "  This is the little-engine-that-could campaign , " the staunch social conservative said . "  They told us we had no chance . " Cain , a businessman and former radio host running on his outsider image , is fading after a strong early start to the campaign . He had tried to manage expectations for the straw poll , but recently told a Des Moines audience that he needs to finish in the top three . Anything less , he said , would compel him to "  evaluate " his campaign . In a raucous address Saturday , Cain ran through his positions on a host of economic , foreign policy and other matters while saying Americans "  are ready to embrace a problem-solver and not another politician . " Referring to an epiphany he had 12 years ago after his first grandchild was born , "  I had to use my talents , skills and abilities to do something about this nation and get it off the wrong track , " Cain said . "  This giant has awakened and is not going back to sleep . " Pawlenty 's performance in the poll was seen as especially critical . Observers had said he must finish in first or second place and send a message to his supporters  and the media  that his campaign can soldier on through the fall and winter . The former Minnesota governor has a platoon of smart political operatives in his corner and is thought to have the best ground game in the state . But despite planting an early flag in Iowa and improving his performance on the stump in recent weeks , the Midwesterner remains stuck in single-digits in state polls . On Saturday , he echoed many others in blasting President Barack Obama , claiming he "  has no clue " and saying "  he is like a manure spreader in a wind storm . " Pawlenty also vowed that his ability to get re-elected in Minnesota shows he has the track record to succeed in governing and also win over swing voters . "  I do n't just talk about it . We got the job done , for Minnesota and America , " he said . The results of the Iowa straw poll will be carefully scrutinized by political analysts , helping propel some candidates in their fundraising and campaign efforts elsewhere even as it deflates others . Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad , a veteran observer of Republican politics in the state , said it is critical that a candidate do well if they are to have any chance , down the line . "  If you 're not in the top three here , your chances of getting elected are not very good , " he said . But history shows a straw poll win hardly guarantees future success in the state or nationwide . In 2007 , ex-Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney won the vote , but his closest rival in the state , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , ultimately won the Iowa caucuses and dealt a fatal blow to Romney 's candidacy . The Republican nominee that year , meanwhile , was Arizona Sen. John McCain . Only one Republican has won the straw poll and gone on to occupy the Oval Office : George W. Bush .	NEW : The congresswoman thanks her supporters , saying the vote "  sent a message " Candidates earlier made their pitches for nonbinding votes at the event in Ames , Iowa The Iowa straw poll is the first major gathering of Republicans in the first caucus state The top three finishers tend to do well in subsequent contests
CNN  -- Infectious disease detectives worldwide rushed Thursday to find the cause of an outbreak of a rare strain of E. coli that has spread to 10 countries and is blamed for at least 16 deaths and hundreds of illnesses . Nine patients in Germany had died of a form of kidney failure called hemolytic uremic syndrome , or HUS , according to the World Health Organization , which cited Tuesday figures as its most recent . Six had died of enterohemorrhagic E. coli , EHEC , a strain of E. coli that causes hemorrhaging in the intestines and can result in abdominal cramps and bloody diarrhea . One person in Sweden has also died . Across Europe , 499 cases of HUS and 1,115 cases of EHEC have been reported , WHO said on its website . In addition to Germany and Sweden , cases have been identified in Austria , Denmark , France , Netherlands , Norway , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom . All but two of the cases occurred in people who had recently visited northern Germany or , in one case , had contact with a visitor from northern Germany , the organization said . Scientists at the Beijing Genomic Institute said the outbreak of infection in Germany is caused by a new "  super-toxic " E. coli strain , though the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the strain has been seen before . "  We have very little experience with this particular strain , but it has been seen before , " said Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC 's division of foodborne diseases . The CDC said the strain is very rare and added that , while it is not aware of any cases ever having been reported in the United States , it is aware of a few previous reports of the strain in other countries . Britain 's Health Protection Agency has said that the strain suspected in the outbreak is "  rare " and "  seldom seen in the UK . " Though WHO said it does not recommend any trade restrictions related to the outbreak , Russia announced a ban Thursday on fresh vegetable imports from the European Union . Russia imposed the vegetable ban because "  no one wants to get sick . It is a natural protective measure taken in response to events that are happening in Europe today , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said Thursday . Gennady Onishchenko , head of the Russian Federal Agency for Health and Consumer Rights , issued a statement saying the ban will remain in effect "  until we become convinced that this situation is resolved . " Customs officials have been instructed to prevent the produce from entering the country , according to Onishchenko , while supermarkets and food chains in Russia were told to withdraw European vegetables from their produce bins . Frederic Vincent , the European Commission 's health spokesman , called the move "  disproportionate . " "  The commission will be writing today to the Russian authorities , and we will be liaising and working with them in the coming days to try to find a solution , " Vincent said . The commission is the EU 's executive body . Yelena Skrynnik , Russia 's agriculture minister , issued a statement assuring Russians that , despite the ban , "  the volume of home-grown vegetable production combined with exports  from other countries  is sufficient to fully meet Russia 's domestic demand . " In 2010 , the imports of tomatoes and cucumbers from the EU amounted to , respectively , 11 % and 5 % of all imports of those vegetables into Russia , the Russian Agriculture Ministry said . The ban could potentially affect some larger cities in the European part of the country , where about 90 % of vegetables are imported , said Sergey Shugayev , chairman of the Rural Russia Association . China and Turkey are the two largest exporters of fresh vegetables into Russia , according to the Russian Greenhouses Association . The European Food Safety Alert Network initially said EHEC was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to countries including Austria , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Germany , Hungary , Luxembourg and Spain . But authorities said Thursday the source had not been pinpointed . Spain 's Ministry of Health , Social Politics and Equality said Thursday that all samples of Spanish produce that it analyzed had proved negative . Spain 's ambassador to Britain , Carles Casajuana i Palet , told CNN that Spanish produce had been "  completely cleared " and are "  safe for all consumers . " But , he added , the matter had damaged the country 's growers "  and we are sure there will have to be compensations " through the European Union . Britain 's Health Protection Agency on Thursday confirmed that there were four new cases in England suspected to be related to the outbreak , bringing the total number of cases in the country to seven . The agency said that it was "  reminding people traveling to Germany to follow the advice of the authorities and avoid eating raw tomatoes , cucumbers and leafy salad including lettuce , especially in the north of the country , until further notice . In addition , anyone returning from Germany with illness including bloody diarrhea should seek urgent medical attention and make sure they mention their recent travel history . " The ban on fresh vegetables from the European Union comes three days after Russia blocked the import of fresh tomatoes , cucumbers and salad greens from Germany and Spain . On Wednesday , the United Arab Emirates imposed a temporary ban on cucumbers from Spain , Germany , Denmark and the Netherlands . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Spain 's produce "  safe for all consumers , " Spanish official says At least 16 people have died in the outbreak and hundreds have been infected The deadly strain has spread to at least 10 countries The strain is very rare , according to disease experts
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Thursday passed a bill that removes limits on financial damages that can be awarded for accidents off the U.S. coastline , such as the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig that killed 11 workers . The bill updates maritime laws that have been on the books since the mid-1800s and early 1920s . Those laws restricted the amount of money families could obtain to compensate for lost wages and funeral expenses . The bill passed by the House Thursday would allow compensation for non-monetary losses such as pain and suffering . A similar measure awaits action in the Senate . Also Thursday , the U.S. Coast Guard and Environmental Protection Agency issued a directive to BP on how the company should manage recovered oil , contaminated materials and waste recovered in cleanup operations from the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Among other requirements , the directive requires the oil giant to give the EPA and state agencies access to any waste storage site and to provide specific plans , waste reports and tracking systems for liquid and solid waste . "  While the states of Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida are overseeing BP 's waste management activities and conducting inspections , this action today is meant to compliment their activities by providing further oversight and imposing more specific requirements , " the Coast Guard said Thursday . "  Under the directive , EPA , in addition to sampling already being done by BP , will begin sampling the waste to help verify that the waste is being properly managed . " Waste sampling to date has been done in compliance with EPA and state regulatory requirements , the Coast Guard said . The EPA on Thursday also released results from its first round of toxicity testing on eight oil dispersants , including Corexit 9500 , which is being used in the Gulf . In May , the EPA had asked BP to stop using Corexit and to substitute other , less toxic alternatives on the market . BP declined to change dispersant , arguing that it was the best one for the job . The study showed that none of the eight dispersants tested displayed significant endocrine disrupting activity , the EPA said . Damage to the endocrine system is harmful to sea life , and can create reproductive problems . The agency conducted the testing to ensure that "  decisions about ongoing dispersant use in the Gulf of Mexico continue to be grounded in the best available science , " the EPA said . Of the dispersants tested , Corexit 9500 and one called JD-2000 were generally less toxic to small fish , and JD-2000 and Saf-Ron Gold were least toxic to mysid shrimp , the EPA said . "  We want to ensure that every tool is available to mitigate the impact of the BP spill and protect our fragile wetlands , " EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson said . "  But we continue to direct BP to use dispersants responsibly and in as limited an amount as possible . " Meanwhile , rough seas in the wake of Hurricane Alex kept oil skimming boats out of the Gulf on Thursday and could keep many tied up through the weekend , the retired admiral in charge of the federal response to the Gulf oil disaster said . Thad Allen , briefing reporters in civilian garb after retiring from the Coast Guard on Wednesday , said seas over 5 feet hinder the effectiveness of most boats used to scoop oil . All but the largest vessels will likely be idled for another three days , he said . "  In general , we 're waiting for the weather to abate so we can continue with recovery operations , " he said . A ship billed as the world 's largest skimming vessel has arrived in the Gulf of Mexico and was awaiting approval to begin cleaning , according to a spokesman for the Taiwanese company that owns it . The A Whale arrived in the Gulf on Wednesday and was anchored in Boothville , Louisiana , about an hour south of New Orleans . Frank Maisano , a spokesman for ship owner TMT shipping , said it is still awaiting approval to join the effort . Allen said the vessel -- estimated to be able to skim up to 21 million gallons a day -- is awaiting testing . That capacity is at least 250 times the amount that the modified fishing boats currently conducting skimming operations have been able to contain , the company says . Built this year , the A Whale was initially designed to be one of the largest cargo vessels afloat . It was completed at a South Korean shipyard for transporting crude oil and iron ore . However , Maisano said in the statement , when the disaster unfolded , TMT modified the vessel to become the world 's first large-scale skimmer . "  We 're anxious to find out how effective it will be , " Allen said . He cautioned that the area of the slick in which the ship will be most effective is a "  congested " site above the ruptured BP well , which could make it harder to operate the 1,000-foot-plus vessel , but added , "  Anything that 's effective we 're looking forward to using . " Hurricane Alex hit the Mexican coast , more than 600 miles from the center of the Gulf disaster , on Wednesday night with 105 mph winds . It had diminished to a tropical storm by Thursday afternoon , but it continued to stir up seas of 6 to 8 feet around the site of the 10-week-old disaster and forced the postponement of a planned overflight of the area by Coast Guard Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft . And the system 's prevailing winds have affected the direction of the oil slick , steering it away from the western Florida Panhandle toward the environmentally sensitive Mississippi and Chandeleur sounds off the coast of Mississippi and Louisiana , Zukunft said . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels  about 1.5 million gallons  and 60,000 barrels  about 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been gushing into the Gulf every day since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank off the coast of Louisiana . In other efforts , the U.S. Navy said Thursday it was sending a silver-colored blimp to aid in oil disaster efforts . The blimp , known as the MZ-3A , will fly slowly over the region in order to view the area where the oil is flowing and how it is coming ashore . It can also direct oil skimming operations . It was on the way to the Gulf region from Arizona on Thursday , the Navy said . In Gulf Shores , Alabama , meanwhile , the official tapped to oversee the payment of claims for damages from BP said he is working to speed up the process and get longer-term payments to those affected . Kenneth Feinberg , the attorney who handled a similar process after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , said after a meeting with Alabama Gov. Bob Riley that "  time is the enemy . " "  This is life for many people , in terms of their financial instability and the need for financial certainty , " he said . "  We do not have a lot of time . " Feinberg said Riley has suggested that affected residents get lump-sum payments for up to six months ' worth of lost income rather than month-to-month payments , and "  That is what we plan to do . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Ashley Fantz , Vivian Kuo and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : EPA says dispersant BP uses is "  less toxic " on small fish House passes bill that would allow more damages paid to victims ' families Coast Guard directs BP on how to manage waste from cleanup Heavy seas affect cleanup and containment on several fronts
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Last week , Ashley Moser lost her daughter Veronica when the young girl was among 12 people killed when a man opened fire in a packed Colorado movie theater . And now she 's suffered another tragedy . Moser was among scores wounded in the Aurora shooting . She is one of 11 victims still recovering at three hospitals , including five in critical condition . "  Tragically , the extreme trauma she sustained also caused a miscarriage , " the Moser family said in a statement Saturday . Funeral arrangements for 6-year-old Veronica Moser-Sullivan are still pending , according to the statement . The girl was the youngest person killed in the rampage , which authorities say was carried out by a 24-year-old recent dropout from a Ph.D. program in neuroscience at the University of Colorado-Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora . He is being held without bond in a Colorado prison . 4 victims remembered at memorials Veronica 's mother , meanwhile , faces significant physical and emotional challenges , undergoing an additional surgery Saturday morning . The family statement asked people to go to any Wells Fargo bank to donate to the "  Donation Account for Ashley and Veronica Moser " to help her in the months and years ahead . "  Our sincere appreciation goes out to all of those who have been sending well-wishes , prayers and good thoughts to Ashley , " the family said . "  Her lifetime of care will be a long road . " At a loss : Comforting grieving parents Making peace with a monster Colorado shooting : Stories of survival CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Ashley Moser was one of dozens wounded in a July 20 Colorado theater shooting "  The extreme trauma she sustained also caused a miscarriage , " the family adds Her 6-year-old daughter , Veronica , was among 12 killed in the rampage
CNN  -- China and Vietnam have settled a lengthy border dispute nearly 30 years after a month-long war that left tens of thousands of people dead , state-run media reported . The settlement of the dispute -- which covered the land border between the two countries -- came during a December 28-31 meeting in Hanoi , Vietnam , Xinhua news agency reported , citing a joint statement issued by the two governments on Wednesday . The deal settled the remaining issues from a 1999 China-Vietnam land boundary treaty . Xinhua called the settlement "  a major event of historical significance " in relations between the two countries . A ceremony marking the agreement and building of land border markers will be held later , the news agency said . The border dispute arose after China , which supported North Vietnam during the Vietnam War , invaded its southern neighbor in February 1979 -- two months after Vietnam invaded Cambodia and ousted the pro-Beijing Pol Pot regime . The 29-day incursion ended with the last Chinese troops leaving on March 19 -- and without having forced the Vietnamese out of Cambodia . During the next two decades , both sides stationed hundreds of thousands of troops along the border until the 1999 treaty . The two sides are still in disagreement over the Spratly islands , a chain in the South China Sea claimed by Vietnam , China , Taiwan , Brunei , Malaysia and the Philippines .	Border dispute arose after a one-month war between China and Vietnam in 1979 The settlement covered the entire shared land border Both sides had posted troops along the border until a 1999 treaty A ceremony marking the deal and building of border markers will be held later
CNN  -- South Africa 's police minister has claimed there is currently no terrorist threat to the upcoming World Cup . Nathi Mthethwa sought to refute recent media reports alleging that South Africa is vulnerable to some form of terrorist attack during the June 11 to July 11 tournament . He said South African police have been working closely with intelligence agencies in each of the 31 countries sending teams to South Africa . "  It would be folly for any country to grandstand and proclaim that it is immune to terror attacks , " Mthethwa told reporters in Johannesburg on Monday . But "  there is no threat to South Africa as we speak now . " Mthethwa played down last week 's warning by the U.S. government to its citizens that South Africa faces a heightened risk of terrorism during the World Cup . Mthethwa his forces would be ready to deal with any threat that might emerge . "  Each country has the right to say whatever they want to say to their citizens , " he said . "  All we are saying in South Africa is that together with the security forces of U.S. , UK and others , we have prepared ourselves for any eventuality . " Meanwhile , on the pitch , there was a major boost for the host nation as South Africa recorded their biggest victory since returning to international football in 1992 with a 5-0 thrashing of Guatemala . Katlego Mphela scored twice from the penalty spot , while Reneilwe Letsholonyane , Surprise Moriri and Bernard Parker were also on the scoresheet as Bafana Bafana warmed up for the showpiece in style . Captain Aaron Mokoena became the first South African to win 100 caps , while striker Benni McCarthy was an unused substitute . The victory extends South Africa 's unbeaten run to 11 matches under Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira .	South Africa police minister says currently no terror threat to World Cup Nathi Mthethwa says police ready to deal with any threat which does emerge South African team beats Guatemala 5-0 to stretch unbeaten run to 11 games
CNN  -- The world is focused on forging a durable agreement to prevent Iran from developing a single nuclear weapon . While critically important , these efforts ignore a far greater danger : the thousands of weapons that already exist . There are today more than 17,000 nuclear warheads , an ongoing existential threat to human survival that has largely been ignored since the Cold War ended two decades ago . And , unlike Iran , there are no comparable negotiations under way to deal with these far more dangerous arsenals . In fact , the humanitarian consequences of even a limited nuclear war , such as a conflict in South Asia between India and Pakistan , involving just 100 Hiroshima-size bombs -- less than 0.5 % of the world 's nuclear arsenal -- would put 2 billion people 's lives and well-being at risk . The local effects would be devastating . More than 20 million people would be dead in a week from the explosions , firestorms and immediate radiation effects . But the global consequences would be far worse . The firestorms caused by this war would loft 5 million tons of soot high into the atmosphere , blocking out sunlight and dropping temperatures across the planet . This climate disruption would cause a sharp , worldwide decline in food production . There would be a 12 % decline in U.S. corn production and a 15 % decline in Chinese rice production , both lasting for a full decade . A staggering 31 % decline in Chinese winter wheat production would also last for 10 years . The resulting global famine would put at risk 870 million people in the developing world who are already malnourished today , and 300 million people living in countries dependent on food imports . In addition , the huge shortfalls in Chinese food production would threaten another 1.3 billion people within China . At the very least there would be a decade of social and economic chaos in the largest country in the world , home to the world 's second largest and most dynamic economy and a large nuclear arsenal of its own . A nuclear war of comparable size anywhere in the world would produce the same global impact . By way of comparison , each U.S. Trident submarine commonly carries 96 warheads , each of which is 10 to 30 times more powerful than the weapons used in the South Asia scenario . That means a single submarine can cause the devastation of a nuclear famine many times over . The United States has 14 of these submarines , plus land-based missiles and a fleet of strategic bombers . The Russian arsenal has the same incredible overkill capacity . Two decades after the Cold War , nuclear weapons are ill-suited to meet modern threats and cost hundreds of billions of dollars to maintain . There is a growing global movement to prevent such a catastrophe . In 2011 , the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement called for its national societies to educate the public about these humanitarian consequences and called for the abolition of nuclear weapons . Seventeen nations issued a joint statement in May 2012 on the humanitarian impact of nuclear weapons that called for their total elimination . By this fall the number rose to 125 nations . The international community should continue to take practical steps to prevent additional countries from acquiring nuclear weapons . But this effort to prevent proliferation must be matched by real progress to eliminate the far greater danger posed by the vast arsenals that already exist . Simply put , the only way to eliminate the threat of nuclear war or risk of an accidental launch or mishap is to eliminate nuclear weapons . This past year the majority of the world 's nations attended a two-day conference in Oslo , Norway , on the humanitarian consequences of nuclear war . The United States and the other major nuclear powers would not attend this meeting . There will be an important follow-up meeting in Mexico in February . America should lead nuclear weapons states in attending and embrace the call to eliminate nuclear weapons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ira Helfand .	Ira Helfand : Focus has been on stopping Iran nukes , but world has 17,000-plus warheads He says even limited nuclear war with existing warheads could put 2 billion lives at risk He says ensuing devastation would cause sharp decline in food and global famine Helfand : How to prevent even accidental launch ? Eliminate all nuclear weapons
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso is revved up and ready to go ahead of his home Grand Prix at Barcelona 's Circuit de Catalunya Sunday . The 31-year-old has not won on Spanish soil since triumphing with Renault in 2006 but is in confident mood after taking 47 points from the opening four races of the season . And the Ferrari driver says the extra incentive of winning in front of his adoring supporters has given him an extra edge going into the first European race of the year . He told a press conference : "  I think it motivates you to race at home and you give an extra 10 % on what you normally do , to take care of every detail of the weekend , starting from practice into qualifying and into the race . "  You try to do everything well , because you know that a nice result here , a nice podium finish or whatever will make you happy , will make the team happy and make many people in the grandstand happy . "  So , it 's a special weekend , but after all those years I think you 're OK with that extra motivation and it 's not any more pressure . "  Now you 've proved for many years that there 's not a pressure or anything that will stop you doing well . " If Ferrari are to succeed in seeing off Red Bull and Lotus , then the team will need to avoid any trouble on the track -- a point not lost on Alonso . "  I think that maybe it 's the first time we arrive with a competitive car , but that does n't mean you will fight for top places if you do n't do everything right and do n't put together a good weekend , " the double world champion added . "  In the first four races we were competitive . We thought we could fight for the top places if the race was without problems . "  We will try here to have a clean race with no problems and if that will be enough to put us in contention for the victory , it would be nice . "  But if it 's not possible then we will try and be as high as possible . It is a weekend we approach with a positive mentality -- and not a defensive mentality like the first three years for me at Ferrari . " One man who Alonso will need to be wary of is triple world champion Sebastian Vettel , who currently sits 30 points clear of the Spaniard . Vettel , who won last time out in Bahrain , is expecting a difficult challenge with just ten points separating him from Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen . "  It is much too early to make any predictions , " Vettel said . "  Who would be so bold as to predict the outcome of a 19-race championship after only four races ? "  This weekend we have to concentrate on the modified tires and the work that we have to do before Sunday to get our car right . " Raikkonen , a two-time winner in Barcelona , finished second in Bahrain after coming home behind Vettel 's Red Bull . And the Finn insists his team has much to do if they are to bridge the gap and claim a second victory of the season . "  To catch the leaders , we have to work twice as hard as they are , " he told the Lotus website . "  It 's no secret that we want more speed from the car in qualifying ; it 's so tight up there at the front and we really need to be on the first two rows to fight for victories every time . "  It 's good to be able to start the European season where we are as this is when you see teams starting to push on with lots of new parts for the cars . "  It 's still early days , but to have scored strong points since the start of the year is obviously better than not having them . "  We need to keep scoring points in the same way ; even if it 's a bad weekend for us , we need to keep finishing as well as we can . That 's how we will fight to the end of the season . "	Fernando Alonso targeting home success on Sunday Ferrari driver won in China earlier in the season Sebastian Vettel hoping to increase lead at top of championship Vettel won last time out in Bahrain
CNN  -- Three gone  Gadhafi , Mubarak , Ben Ali  , two holding on in the face of daily protests  al-Assad , Saleh  , two more  Kings Abdullah of Jordan and Mohammed of Morocco  trying to stay ahead of the curve of protest : After 10 months of the Arab Spring , the region is still in the throes of a heady and unpredictable transformation . Moammar Gadhafi 's demise , after the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in Tunisia , means that three rulers in power collectively for 95 years are gone . Scholar and author Fouad Ajami , a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution , says that 2011 "  is to the Arabs what 1989 was to the communist world . The Arabs are now coming into ownership of their own history and we have to celebrate . " Protesters in Yemen and Syria may be re-energized by the pictures from Sirte , Libya , showing the almost pathetic end of a ruler whose flowing robes and uniforms had long given him an aura of invincibility . Demonstrators in Syrian cities celebrated Gadhafi 's death and warned President Bashar al-Assad that he would be next . As one Syrian activist told CNN : "  The clear fate of all who kill his people is to end up under the feet of the nation . " Former Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri  no friend of the Syria regime  said : "  Any Arab citizen , watching the course of events in Libya , can not but think of the popular revolutionary movement that is taking place in Syria . " There has been one refrain common across the Arab world this year -- from the dusty streets of Sidi Bouzid in Tunisia , where it all began , to the barricades that litter Homs in Syria today : "  The fear is gone , the people have put away their fear . " Those words , spoken by Tunisian activist Sana Ben Achour in January , have echoed across the region ever since . It was quickly followed by a chant : "  The people want the downfall of the regime . " Even so , it took U.N. resolutions and thousands of NATO sorties to degrade Gadhafi 's forces . And that 's unlikely elsewhere . The United States and Western Europe are applying economic sanctions against the Syrian regime but have persistently discounted military intervention . President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen seems impervious to outside pressure and even his own injuries as he maneuvers back into the game . And in a majority of Arab countries , the power of the state remains formidable if not overwhelming . In 1989 , the people of Eastern Europe shared a continent with developed democracies ; they had a model to copy -- and considerable help in shaking off the legacy of communism . The Arab states , which did not even draw their own borders , each have different dynamics . Explosive sectarian and regional divides have enabled authoritarian rule in Syria , Yemen and Libya . Like the Gulf states , Jordan and Morocco are monarchies and their kings at least have the legitimacy of succession . Egypt and Tunisia have by Arab standards a large and capable middle class ; Yemen does not . The Gulf states are enriched by massive oil and gas reserves ; countries such as Jordan have little or none . The attitude toward women 's rights varies widely ; Islamists are stronger in some countries than others . Perhaps most importantly , security forces are in some places loyal to the flag , in others bound to the regime , or split down the middle . The military in Tunisia and Egypt would not defend leaders who became liabilities ; the military in Syria has remained cohesive and loyal to al-Assad . But one of the few characteristics Arab states have long shared is the "  freedom deficit , " the product of decades of authoritarian rule . A landmark report on Arab societies by the U.N. Development Program in 2002 concluded : "  This freedom deficit undermines human development and is one of the most painful manifestations of lagging political development . " The situation changed little in the following decade , but other forces were at work . The pan-Arab satellite television networks -- so different from the sclerotic state broadcasters -- gave Arabs a new window on the world . The educated young began to harness the power of the Internet , outflanking the ability of bureaucracies to control it . They saw their contemporaries in the rest of the world -- Latin America , Asia , Eastern Europe -- gaining new skills and opportunities , while they remained out of work . At the same time , unemployment in the Arab world , especially among graduates , remained high ; corruption and nepotism were rampant . Time and again U.S. diplomatic cables sent from Arab capitals noted a growing tide of popular resentment toward their rulers . The 2009 edition of the U.N. Development Program report wrote : "  The result is an all-too-common sense of limited opportunities and personal insecurity , witnessed in the world 's highest levels of unemployment , deep and contentious patterns of exclusion , and , ultimately , strong calls from within for reform . " Ultimately , those calls spilled onto the streets in spontaneous and chaotic fashion . Now , in three countries that between them occupy 2,000 miles of Mediterranean coastline , the hard work has begun of shaping what 's next . Revolutions are invariably messy affairs whose outcomes are never guaranteed , whatever the ideals of their leaders . The French historian Alexis de Tocqueville wrote : "  In a revolution , as in a novel , the most difficult part to invent is the end . " Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Centre at the London School of Economics , said that in Libya 's case "  the cleavages that we have seen in Sirte and Bani Walid that have resisted the new government are extremely alarming . We shall see whether out of this particular turmoil will emerge a unified government with a unified leadership or the political struggle will escalate and intensify . " This weekend Tunisians will become the first Arabs to elect a constituent assembly , which in turn will draw up a new constitution . But there is no path to follow . What should be the powers of president , prime minister and parliament ? How is power shared between the center and regions ? How are minority rights protected and the independence of the judiciary guaranteed ? What is the role of Islam in society ? That last question has already made its way to the top of the agenda in Tunisia , with the Islamist Ennahada party leading polls . Its leader , Rachid Ganouchi , accuses opponents of scare tactics to frighten businesses and women . But the leader of one secular party says the Islamists pose a threat to the country . As Arabs scour the horizon for templates , some look to Turkey , where a moderate Islamist party has been elected three times in a decade and presided over an economic renaissance . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan even embarked on a tour of Arab states last month  and in most places was greeted rapturously  to promote the Turkish model . "  A secular state does not mean that the people are atheists , " Erdogan told a television show in Cairo . "  It means respect for all religions and each individual has the freedom to practice his own religion . " But even in Ankara , tensions persist between the government and a military command that sees itself as the guardian of a secular state , and the government is accused of stifling and harassing its critics . The overthrow of three men does not change the basic dilemmas faced by the Arab world : illiteracy , unemployment , a youth bulge  the United Nations estimates that Arab countries will need 50 million new jobs by 2020  , chronic water shortages , a lack of women 's rights , the legacy of the "  freedom deficit " -- to which perhaps add now a burgeoning crisis of expectations . If the Arab Spring were on a calendar , we would still be in the first week .	Scholar says 2011 "  is to the Arabs what 1989 was to the communist world " U.N. resolutions , NATA sorties helped in Libya but are unlikely elsewhere The power of the state remains formidable in a majority of Arab countries The overthrow of three leaders does n't change the dilemmas that Arab world faces
Washington  CNN  -- The District of Columbia , Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Maryland , Massachusetts , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , and Rhode Island are all to receive a portion of the $ 3.4 billion remaining in the "  Race to the Top " fund for education in those states . "  We had many more competitive applications than money to fund them in this round , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Tuesday . "  Race to the Top " is an Obama administration initiative to award money to states that show that they have a plan for school reforms in four main areas : turning around low performing schools , adopting college and career ready standards , effective teachers and principals , and using data systems to support student achievement . Thirty-five states and the District of Columbia applied for the second round of competition , and of those , 19 were listed as finalists by the Department of Education in July . Those finalists all sent representatives to Washington in August to present their case to a group of peer reviewers . Massachusetts received the highest score in the second round of competition followed by New York and Hawaii . Sometimes , it 's just about finishing the test . In the first phase of the competition , Hawaii turned in an incomplete application . In the second phase , not only did they turn in a completed application , but they were awarded with a grant of $ 75 million . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist thanked the teachers ' unions for their success . In that state , 54 local teacher unions signed on to their plans . "  This level of participation far exceeds the five local teacher unions who joined our efforts during Phase 1 , " he said in a statement . Tennessee and Delaware both won grants under the program in the first round which was announced earlier this year . Over the next four years , Tennessee will receive $ 400 million and Delaware will receive $ 100 million for their programs . For the second round , the Department of Education announced that it would be limiting the amount that any given state can receive . The limits are based on the student population of that state . So , large states like New York and Florida can receive as much as $ 700 million while smaller states like Hawaii , Rhode Island , and the District of Columbia are limited to $ 75 million grants . The grants will be awarded in installments over the next four years . And state education departments need to spend the money according to the plans they submitted . In a conference call with reporters , Duncan said he would pull funding from states that he feels are not "  acting in good faith . " Duncan said he hopes Tuesday 's announcement is not the end of the program . "  We 're very hopeful there will be a Phase 3 of ` Race to the Top ' and have requested $ 1.35 billion dollars in next year 's budget , " he said .	Nine states plus the District of Columbia are winners Each will receive a portion of $ 3.4 billion Winners had to show they have plans for school reforms
Could a wooden marionette help solve Detroit 's budgetary woes ? With Detroit 's declaration on Thursday of bankruptcy , some of the city 's creditors may think so . The museum of the Detroit Institute of Arts , home to 60,000 pieces of art , is also home to the original Howdy Doody marionette puppet that was the star of its own 1950s-era children 's show . It was acquired in 2001 , according to the DIA 's director of communications . "  It is estimated that the marionette could sell at auction for $ 400,000 to $ 500,000 , " said Gary Busk , a puppet collector who was featured on the television program "  Antiques Road Show . " That would hardly make a dent in the city 's immense $ 18 billion debt . But , despite an opinion from the state 's attorney general that appeared to assure Howdy would stay , legal experts say there 's still a risk he could wind up packing his bags and riding into the sunset with many of the museum 's other residents . The arts institute 's director , Graham Beal , maintains that DIA 's collection is among the top six in the Western Hemisphere . While he could not specify a value , Beal told CNN in May that it would likely be in the billions of dollars . It was then that that a request by Detroit 's emergency manager , Kevyn Orr , for an inventory of holdings sparked alarm among Detroit residents and museum administrators that the DIA 's collection could be sold to help pay off the city 's debt . Then , in June , Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette issued an opinion stating that Detroit ca n't sell the DIA 's art , although the city technically owns the collection . "  It is my opinion , therefore , that the art collection of the Detroit Institute of Arts is held by the City of Detroit in charitable trust for the people of Michigan , and no piece in the collection may thus be sold , conveyed , or transferred to satisfy city debts or obligations , " Schuette told CNN in a written statement . He said that he recognized the extreme financial hardships the city is experiencing , and the challenges the city faces , but argued that selling the artwork would "  damage not only the city 's but the state 's cultural commonwealth . " But the opinion could be for naught , said Eric Scorsone of Michigan State University prior to Thursday 's declaration . "  It 's certainly better than nothing , but a state attorney general 's opinion is certainly not going to be definitive in federal bankruptcy court , " Scorsone said . "  I do n't think that is going to carry a huge amount of weight . " Laura Martell , a law professor at Wayne State University in Detroit , echoed that sentiment . "  He just issued an opinion , which is not binding on anyone and certainly has no legal effect in a bankruptcy case , " she said . "  A bankruptcy judge may or may not find it persuasive on the merits of its analysis , but it has no binding effect . " Bill Nowling , spokesman for emergency manager Orr , said that "  nothing is being considered for sale . " "  All of the city 's creditors have asked about the DIA and whether it has been valued -- it has not -- and some creditors have said everything that is n't nailed down should be sold to pay them , " Nowling wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  That wo n't happen because the emergency manager 's proposed restructuring plan is focused on restoring essential city services . " However , Detroit 's creditors say promises were made and debts must be paid . "  If they 're talking about not being solvent when they have these assets , they do still have some degree of solvency by selling these assets , " said Peter Hayes , a managing director at BlackRock Inc. , an investment management corporation whose investors are owed approximately $ 200 million by the city of Detroit . Even as signs of the coming bankruptcy grew stronger , the DIA 's officials remained resolute in their determination to protect their collection . "  Our position has n't changed . We only sell works of art to buy works of art , " Beal said . "  We are not given works of art so that we can settle debts made  during  decades of mismanagement and corruption . " Howdy Doody is a marionette in the image of a freckled-face boy dressed in cowboy attire . "  The Howdy Doody Show " ran on NBC from 1947 to 1960 . One of Muppet creator Jim Henson 's Kermit the Frog puppets is also among the DIA 's puppet collection , which boasts around 800 pieces . The DIA was founded in 1885 and houses more than 100 galleries , a lecture and recital hall , an art reference library , and a state-of-the-art conservation laboratory , according to the museum 's website .	Despite an opinion from Michigan 's attorney general , Howdy Doody may be moving The city of Detroit owns Howdy and many other puppets A court may make Howdy Doody part of the booty in the bankruptcy Museum officials remain resolute in their determination to protect their collection
CNN  -- The upstate New York school bus monitor who received hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations after a video of her being harassed by students went viral has decided to use some of the proceeds to start her own anti-bullying foundation . Now retired , Karen Klein , 68 , has decided to start her own campaign , called the Karen Klein Anti-Bullying Foundation , on the website giveback.org . "  This is for education , for people who have been bullied , " Klein told CNN affiliate WROC . Klein was working as a middle school bus monitor when four students berated her with a stream of profanity , insults , jeers and physical ridicule . Students suspended for a year The verbal abuse continued unabated for about 10 minutes while another student filmed the altercation on a cell phone camera . The video posted to YouTube on June 19 , where it received more than 8 million views , showed giggling students from the upstate New York community of Greece heaping insults onto her and jabbing her with a book . The grandmother of eight sits quietly , weeping at one point . An outpouring of support for Klein resulted in a crowd-funding campaign on indiegogo.com , with an initial goal of $ 5,000 to send the weary bus monitor on vacation . Emotional reaction to bus monitor harassment The campaign officially closed in late July , having raised more than $ 700,000 in donations from more than 32,000 people around the world . Klein 's daughter and administrator for the new anti-bullying foundation , Amanda , told CNN that her mother took home about $ 650,000 and will be donating $ 100,000 to her organization . The Klein Anti-Bullying Foundation will provide funding to various organizations and charities for anti-bullying causes . "  This is always something she 's wanted to do , " Amanda said . The foundation officially kicks off in October when Klein and others start a weekly anti-bullying tour . According to Amanda , Miss Teen USA Logan West and Miss Universe Leila Lopes of Angola plan to be involved . "  The goal of the anti-bullying campaign is to help teach kids and teens about being kind , friendly and playing nicely with others , " Klein says in a video on the foundation 's website . "  Because of my own personal bullying story , I 've now decided to become an advocate of change . "	Karen Klein , 68 , has decided to start her own campaign to battle bullying A video of the New York bus monitor being harassed by students went viral in June Klein received more than $ 700,000 in donations ; she 's using $ 100,000 of that for her cause
CNN  -- A group of fans who support Russian soccer giant Zenit St Petersburg has unveiled a manifesto urging the club not to sign black players . The Landscrona group posted the "  Selection 12 manifesto " on its website Monday , prompting the club to issue its own statement to CNN emphasizing its policy of diversity and tolerance . Zenit spent a reported $ 103 million on black players Hulk , from Brazil , and Belgium international Axel Witsel in September . The Brazilian striker 's arrival has caused problems within the squad , with Zenit captain Igor Denisov dropped to the reserve team after complaining about Hulk 's arrival and the wages he commands . Racism row shines light on Serbian football In a detailed letter on its website , Landscrona stated their opposition to Zenit signing any players who are black or gay . "  We 're not racists but we see the absence of black players at Zenit as an important tradition . " the letter said . "  We are against representatives of sexual minorities playing for Zenit . "  For us it is crucial  Zenit  has retained its own identity , and not turned into an average European team , with a standard set of foreign players . "  We only want players from other brotherly Slav nations , such as Ukraine and Belarus as well as from the Baltic states and Scandinavia . We have the same mentality and historical and cultural background as these nations . "  Any other continents except Europe , should not be a priority for  Zenit  . This does not mean that it is a taboo . But flying to Latin America only makes sense if we honestly and professionally tried everything possible to find a player in the region , Russia and Europe . " Russian soccer has been troubled by incidents of racism in recent years , with former Brazil player Roberto Carlos being abused while playing for Anzhi Makhachkala . The defender asked to be substituted in a game in 2011 after picking up a banana that was thrown at him from the stands . The media attention given to Landscrona 's letter comes as Russia continues its preparations to host the 2018 World Cup . Zenit responded with a statement , sent to CNN World Sport , stating the club does not "  support archaic values . " It read : "  FC Zenit has always been distinguished by its tolerant approach to players of various nationalities and confessions , and has always had diversity in its side . Football grapples with anti-Semitism storm "  Furthermore , our club has millions of fans from all continents of the world . St. Petersburg is an open city which historically has united various cultures . "  Zenit invites players to the team exclusively thanks to their sporting qualities and achievements , not based on their nationality or skin color . The club 's policy is aimed at development and integration into the world football community . We do not support archaic values . "  We continue to be sure that fighting all manifestations of intolerance is the only principle for development of our club , football , and sports as a whole in the world . " It is the latest racism controversy to blight European football in recent months . Italian club Lazio was fined $ 52,000 by UEFA following racist chanting by its supporters during the Europa League fixture with Tottenham in September . The Serbian Football Association was fined $ 105,000 following an Under-21 match in which opposing players from the England team said they were racially abused . Meanwhile , In the English Premier League West Ham vowed to ban for life any fans found guilty of anti-Semitic chanting during their match at Tottenham in November .	Fan group states opposition to Russian club Zenit St Petersburg signing black players Group says "  we see the absence of black players at Zenit as an important tradition " Zenit say they have been distinguished by their tolerant approach to diversity Zenit spent millions on black players Hulk and Axel Witsel back in September
CNN  -- As we begin our initial descent into JFK , I lightly press the tip of my index finger to the iPad screen . A brief jostle from a bout of turbulence results in the display of the wrong page . I grumble in silence but grin because I no longer have to wrestle through pages of paper charts and manuals . Instead , my office -- the cockpit of a 777 -- is mostly void of paper . Cool stuff . My airline was the first to have the iPad approved for all phases of flight , takeoff and landing included . Almost a year has passed since that approval , a process that required six months of trials and training on each airplane type . And now the FAA is relaxing its rules on the use of personal electronic devices for passengers . It was inevitable . But is the new policy safe ? Most safety concerns focus on the effect of electronic interference to navigation systems . But in most of today 's airliners , those concerns are minimal . Navigation is no longer wholly dependent on signals sent from the ground from one of the VOR  Very High Omni Bearing Range  stations that dot the landscape around the world . Now GPS and sophisticated internal navigation systems integrate VOR signals into the calculations from onboard computers . The design of aircraft prevents electronic signals from interfering -- not only signals from outside sources but ones generated from inside the airplane , such as engines and generators . In short , the chance of a passenger 's Kindle interfering with an automated landing in low visibility conditions is minimal if not nonexistent . Calls from cell phones are a separate story . I 'm gratified that the FAA acknowledges that usage as potential interference . For one thing , in some circumstances , cell phone frequencies are close to those of VOR stations . The FCC prohibits their usage for calls because of the risk of overloading cellular systems from airborne phones traveling at the Mach speeds of jets . If you want a dead phone for your business meeting after a three-hour flight , be certain to leave it on for the entire trip . The phone will attempt to lock on to almost every cell tower signal available en route . So where is the potential safety threat ? It comes mostly from electronic devices creating a distraction . How so ? Takeoffs and landings are the most critical phases of any flight . In an abnormal situation , such as an aborted takeoff or an emergency landing that dictates a ground evacuation , time is of the essence . If you are focused on Angry Birds , will you have situational awareness ? Will you understand the emergency instructions of the flight attendants in a highly stressful situation ? And for that matter , if your concentration is on composing an e-mail to the manager of your biggest account , are you really paying attention to the location of the emergency exits during the departure briefing ? You may say : How does the distraction of electronics differ from the distraction of The New York Times or People magazine ? To which I would answer : They do n't come with headphones . In any case , as it has never been done in the past , it would be an absurdity to regulate ink-on-paper reading now . Although the FAA has granted approval for the use of your iPad during takeoff and landing , each airline must incorporate the policy into its own operations . Assuming airlines will relax their policies just for the sake of competing with their counterparts , I would advocate that they hold the line on electronic devices being used with headphones or anything else that could potentially block passengers from hearing and understanding emergency instructions from crew members . One perk of this new electronic regulation ? Some of the burden will be lifted from flight attendant duties . Although they still have to scold you about the seat back and tray table , the electronic device admonishment will be diminished . But do n't be having a phone conversation with the spouse or be texting a buddy . Cell phone calls are still prohibited when that entry door closes . From my perspective as a flight crew member , I am pleased that our customers will have the opportunity to enjoy their electronic devices . But as cliched as it may sound , we are there for your safety . Regulation aside , I ask that you exercise discretion . There is a method to our madness , even for Alec Baldwin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Les Abend .	Les Abend : FAA relaxing rules on electronics in flight ; is it safe ? He says electronic device signals do n't interfere with flight navigation much anymore He says FAA still bans cell phone calls ; they risk overload of cellular systems on ground During emergency instructions , airlines should ban use of earphones , Abend says
CNN  -- Having trouble hearing the dialogue in "  Interstellar " ? You 're not the only one . But that 's the point , says director Christopher Nolan . "  Many of the filmmakers I 've admired over the years have used sound in bold and adventurous ways , " Nolan told The Hollywood Reporter . "  I do n't agree with the idea that you can only achieve clarity through dialogue . " "  Interstellar " has been the subject of chatter about its layered sound design , which occasionally buries dialogue from the actors underneath sound effects and Hans Zimmer 's sometimes booming score . One IMAX theater even posted a notice : "  Please note that all our sound equipment is functioning properly . Christopher Nolan mixed the soundtrack with an emphasis on the music . This is how it is intended to sound . " One viewer -- who saw the movie in a renowned Los Angeles theater -- told Billboard magazine , "  I noticed right away that there were parts where the music totally obliterates the dialogue . " Naturally , Twitter was all over it . "  Breaking ! Christopher Nolan breaks silence on INTERSTELLAR sound issues : ' I do n't care about dialogue ! ' " wrote Kevin Carr . "  Christopher Nolan does n't think INTERSTELLAR 's sound issues are issues at all . What ? WE SAID , CHRISTOPHER NOLAN ... " chimed The Dissolve . Nolan 's sound design has come under fire -- and mockery -- before . The "  WHOOM " of "  Inception " became so well known that it even inspired a Web page . Nolan , who visits theaters in advance of his films ' official release to make sure the audio is up to snuff , says he has n't heard of any problems . "  The theaters I have been at have been doing a terrific job in terms of presenting the film in the way I intended , " he told The Hollywood Reporter . "  Broadly speaking , there is no question when you mix a film in an unconventional way as this , you 're bound to catch some people off guard , but hopefully people can appreciate the experience for what it 's intended to be . " Well , it could be worse . Nolan could be overusing "  Carmina Burana . "	Some viewers have been complaining about "  Interstellar 's " sound Sometimes murky mix was deliberate , says director Christopher Nolan The idea was to emphasize experience on screen , he said
CNN  -- If anyone wondered about Argentina 's World Cup-winning credentials , surely there can be little doubt now . Not because of the convincing nature of the team 's football thus far mind you -- far from it . But after a solitary goal from Gonzalo Higuain was enough to overcome Belgium in Brasilia on Saturday , "  La Albiceleste " are only one game away from the final of this gripping World Cup . The win also marked the first time Argentina has reached a World Cup semifinal since 1990 , when -- after overcoming host nation Italy on penalties -- it was eventually defeated by West Germany in a bad-tempered final . That came four years after Diego Maradona inspired the country 's second title success in football 's showpiece event , in Mexico , following victory on home soil in 1978 . "  After 24 years this is a good tribute to this squad -- they will go down in history as one of the best four teams in the world and we will see if they can go one step more , " coach Alejandro Sabella told reporters . While Brazil will be without injured star striker Neymar for Tuesday 's semifinal against Germany -- and the rest of the tournament if the host goes any further -- the Argentines have their own fitness concerns after trumping a Belgian team tipped as a pre-tournament dark horse . Angel Di Maria , who scored Argentina 's winning goal in the previous round , is a doubt for Wednesday 's match against the Netherlands -- which beat Costa Rica in a penalty shootout later Saturday -- after coming off with a thigh injury in the first half . Nevertheless , they will be glad to be through . Alejandro Sabella 's team had struggled in the group stage , requiring a dramatic late strike from Lionel Messi to overcome unfancied Iran and only narrowly defeating Nigeria and Bosnia . An uncomfortable extra-time victory over Switzerland in the round of 16 also hardly inspired confidence . Yet such worries seem pointless when a team has the likes of Messi in its ranks . The Barcelona star has finally announced his arrival on the World Cup stage in Brazil after a disappointing 2010 tournament in South Africa and only a few substitute appearances as a 17-year-old in Germany four years prior . Messi had scored four goals in four games coming in to this encounter , as well as providing a fantastic dribbling assist for di Maria to secure victory over Switzerland . "  I felt he played a wonderful match , " Sabella said . "  It 's not only scoring goals , it 's having possession , taking out three opponents , and every move he makes is a sign of hope for us and endangers our opponents . "  That a player like Messi almost never loses the ball is water in the desert -- he gives us that water in the desert . "  Today when the terrain was dry he gave us that breath of fresh air every time he had the ball . " But Belgium has talent of its own , a golden generation even . With genuinely top-class players such as Eden Hazard , Thibaut Courtois and Vincent Kompany in the squad , this was a quality of opposition Argentina had yet to face this tournament . Perhaps aware of this , the South Americans looked sharp from the off , backed by a considerable support in the stands , bouncing and singing in the early afternoon sun . A glorious Messi pass early on almost gave the fans something more to shout about , but Ezequiel Lavezzi 's cross could n't find Higuain in the center . However , the Napoli striker would not be denied shortly after . Kompany lost possession as he stepped out of defense and when Di Maria 's deflected pass found Higuain , he swiveled to strike the ball in to the corner of Courtois ' net from just outside the penalty area . It was a fine instinctive finish from a man who had failed to find the net all tournament before this game , and it drew him level with Messi on five World Cup career goals . Belgium sought a quick response . Kevin de Bruyne -- who netted the opening goal against the U.S. in the last 16 -- fired a shot high and wide from roughly 30 yards out after 13 minutes and once more shortly after which Sergio Romero did well to push away in the Argentina goal . Argentina suffered a blow after 33 minutes as Di Maria went down clutching his thigh . The Real Madrid winger looked in considerable pain as he left the field but was able to take a place alongside his teammates on the bench to watch the remainder of the game . Messi then went close from a free-kick just before halftime after the ever-unsubtle Marouane Fellaini had made four clear attempts to bring down the illusive striker . The second half began much like the first had ended , with Argentina carving out the better chances . Higuain nutmegged Kompany to put himself through on Courtois ' goal but just when it looked like he was about to double the Argentine advantage , the crossbar came to the rescue of the despairing goalkeeper . Again Belgium looked to respond , bringing on Romelu Lukaku for the ineffective Divock Origi -- who in the group stage was the first teenager to score at a World Cup since Messi -- and Dries Mertens for Kevin Mirallas . With the Argentina defense being organized by the experienced pair of Martin Demichelis and Ezequiel Garay , the Belgians ' best chance of success looked like it would come from a set-piece rather than open play . Fellaini made a nuisance of himself on numerous occasions , pushing , bullying and harassing as defenders at corners and free-kicks . However an inability to follow the offside rule repeatedly frustrated the Red Devils . Belgium had n't scored a goal earlier than the 70th minute in this tournament but as the game progressed , coach Marc Wilmots became ever more desperate on the sidelines . "  We were not impressed by the Argentinians , they were just an ordinary team , " said the former Belgium international . "  They can distort the rhythm , they take 30 seconds to take a throw-in and the referee does n't do anything . If I played that way I would have been destroyed by the Belgium press . " Seeking a lifeline , Wilmots pushed veteran defender Daniel van Buyten -- likely playing his last game before retirement -- forward to operate as an auxiliary striker . But it was Argentina which came closest to scoring again , though Messi was unable to add to his 2014 tournament tally of four as the onrushing figure of Courtois blocked his dinked strike on the counter attack . Belgium scrambled forward one final time but when Axel Witsel 's ambitious long range effort flew over , Argentina could celebrate .	Argentina defeats Belgium to reach World Cup semifinals Gonzalo Higuain scores only goal of game early in first half La Albiceleste will next face either Costa Rica or the Netherlands
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli military on Monday rejected allegations that its soldiers committed atrocities against Palestinians in Gaza . Israel says the majority of Palestinians killed during "  Operation Cast Lead " were "  terror operatives . " The conclusion follows a military police investigation into claims made at a conference that the army had intentionally killed civilians and damaged property during Israel 's incursion into Gaza in December and January . Israeli military advocate general Brig. Gen. Avichai Mendelblit concluded "  the stories told were purposely exaggerated and made extreme , in order to make a point with the participants of the conference . " The allegations were "  based on hearsay " and were "  not supported by the facts as determined by the investigation , " Mendelblit said in a statement . Israeli human rights organizations condemned the speed with which military police reached their conclusion . "  The speedy closing of the investigation immediately raises suspicions that the very opening of this investigation was merely the army 's attempt to wipe its hands of all blame for illegal activity during Operation Cast Lead , " as the Gaza operation was called , nine human rights groups said in a joint statement . They reiterated their call for a civilian investigation , which Attorney General Menachem Mazuz has rejected . "  The closing of the Army 's own investigation only strengthens the need for the attorney general to allow for an independent non-partisan investigative body to be established in order to look into all Israeli Army activity during Operation Cast Lead , " said the organizations . The groups -- The Association for Civil Rights in Israel , Bimkom , B'tselem , Gisha , Hamoked , The Public Committee Against Torture , Yesh Din , Physicians for Human Rights , and Adalah -- said accounts by Palestinians raise the possibility that acts by the military were worse than previously suspected . Israeli soldiers said earlier this month Palestinian civilians were killed and Palestinian property intentionally destroyed during Israel 's military campaign in Gaza , according to Haaretz , an Israeli newspaper . About 1,300 Palestinians died during "  Operation Cast Lead , " which aimed to stop militants from firing rockets into Israel from Gaza . The accounts in Haaretz were from Israeli soldiers who graduated from a pre-military course at an Israeli college . In them , Israeli soldiers complain that the rules of engagement often defied logic and left the impression with Israeli troops that "  inside Gaza you are allowed to do anything you want . " None of the soldiers who alleged the wrongdoing admitted taking part in those acts themselves . The country 's top general had already dismissed the claims . "  I do n't believe that soldiers serving in the IDF hurt civilians in cold blood , but we shall wait for the results of the investigation , " Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi said last week . He blamed Hamas , the militant Palestinian group which runs Gaza , for choosing "  to fight in heavily populated areas . "  It  was  a complex atmosphere that includes civilians and we took every measure possible to reduce harm of the innocent , " he said , according to an IDF statement . There have been numerous allegations of Israeli atrocities during the three-week campaign , including the charge that Israel fired white phosphorus shells "  repeatedly over densely populated areas . " Human Rights Watch made the accusation in a report last week . White phosphorus burns on contact with oxygen . It is legal to use as an illuminant , but the human rights organization alleges that Israel used it as a weapon . Israel has rejected those claims as well . Other Israeli investigations into the conduct of its troops in Gaza continue . A United Nations report released last week also criticized the Israeli military 's actions during the offensive in Gaza . It said that Israeli soldiers routinely and intentionally put children in harm 's way during their 22-day offensive . The report said investigators had documented and verified reports of violations "  too numerous to list . " A spokesman for the Israeli prime minister called the report another example of the "  one-sided and unfair " attitude of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which requested it .	Israeli rights groups angry at speed of military probe into abuse claims Israeli military rejects allegations of atrocities against Palestinians in Gaza Military advocate general : "  the stories told were purposely exaggerated " About 1,300 Palestinians died during the Israeli military offensive
CNN  -- "  Gossip Girl " actor Chace Crawford was arrested on a marijuana charge in his hometown Plano , Texas , early Friday morning , police said . The misdemeanor charge involves possession of less than two ounces of marijuana , according to the police report . Crawford , 24 , was riding in a 2003 Nissan 350Z when police stopped him , the arrest report said . The charge carries a maximum of 180 days in jail and a $ 2,000 fine , although a first offender can usually expect a year or less probation , according to Texas criminal lawyer George Reul . Jail time is rare in such cases , he said . Many defendants get "  deferred adjudication , " under which they are not technically convicted and it is removed from their criminal record if they successfully complete probation , Reul said . Crawford has won two Teen Choice acting awards for his role as Nate Archibald in "  Gossip Girl , " which is in its fourth season on the CW network . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Crawford arrested early Friday in hometown Marijuana charge is a misdemeanor Texas lawyer says jail time is rare in such cases
CNN  -- Alabama exacted revenge and clinched the Bowl Championship Series title on Monday night , besting Louisiana State University 21-0 . The Crimson Tide cleared up past problems with its special teams , kicking five field goals to become champions of college football . Alabama 's stifling defense battered LSU the entire game , holding the Tigers to just five first downs . "  It was great team win . Our defense did a good job . Our offense controlled the momentum and our special teams played well , " Alabama coach Nick Saban said . Monday 's game was a far cry from the two Southeastern Conference rivals ' last showdown . Both teams went into that game on November 5 undefeated . College football pundits dubbed it the game of the century and Alabama lost 9-6 in overtime . In that game , Alabama missed four field goals , including one in overtime . This time , Alabama 's kicker Jeremy Shelley hit five field goals , giving Alabama a commanding 15-0 lead in the fourth quarter . Crimson Tide 's star running back Trent Richardson broke a 34-yard touchdown with less than five minutes left . "  I am happy and proud of my players , the way they responded to the pain and disappointment of losing the last time , " Saban said Alabama 's offense was dealt a huge blow early in the game . Kick returner Marquis Maze injured his leg in the second quarter after running a 49-yard punt return . Maze , who is also Alabama 's big-play wide receiver , left the game and never returned . But Alabama was able to overcome the loss and moved the ball up and down the field all game long , to the chagrin of the thousands of purple-and-gold-clad LSU fans who packed the Superdome in New Orleans . By the fourth quarter , the stands seemed like a sea of crimson as Alabama fans celebrated . The loss ends LSU 's undefeated streak , "  My locker room is hurting right now , " LSU coach Les Miles said after the game . "  We did not get it going offensively at all . Our defense was on the field a long time.Give credit to our opponents on that . It became very hard to get first downs . This is as painful as anything we have been through . "	Alabama kicks five field goals Crimson Tide holds LSU to only five first downs "  I am happy and proud of my players , " Alabama coach Nick Saban said
Western Cape , South Africa  CNN  -- In cafes across Cape Town , brewing the perfect cup of rooibos has become a fine art . Measuring just the right amount of tea is key while great care is needed to not allow the leaves to swirl for too long . Once ready , the rooibos cups , gleaming in a sumptuous deep red color , bring with them a reedy scent that greets the noses of the customers waiting to enjoy a sip . Grown only in South Africa 's Western Cape province , the naturally caffeine-free tea used to be a specialist drink appealing to only some taste buds . But in recent years , its refreshing taste and inviting aroma , coupled with its health benefits , have turned rooibos into a popular choice for tea lovers across the world . "  Germany really was the start of the big export boom , " says Martin Berg , managing director of Rooibos Limited in South Africa , the largest rooibos tea processing factory . "  Since then , Holland , UK , USA , Japan -- all the first world countries , rooibos has grown in there , grown in popularity , " he adds . Read more : S. Africa ostrich industry hit by major bird flu outbreak The increasing popularity of rooibos , an Afrikaans word that means "  red bush , " has created an industry worth around $ 23 billion . Some 15,000 tons of rooibos are harvested every year and at least half of that is then exported to the increasingly health-conscious consumer . Willem Engelbrecht , whose family have been farming rooibos for four generations , believes that the natural herb 's popularity has increased because of the plant 's health benefits -- documented in several studies -- including its anti-oxidant properties . "  It 's also got a soothing effect , and that is what we need for our everyday high-speed lifestyles , " says Engelbrecht . "  The Japanese did a lot of research early in the 1990s . Once that research became public and also South African research , people all over the world started to drink the product , not only for its very exceptional taste , but also for its wonderful health attributes . " In Western Cape , the rooibos industry is a major employer during the summer months of harvesting . Under the hot South African sun , the workers , who are paid per kilogram , are constantly cutting down and piling up the tea to satisfy the increasing demand from abroad . Read more : Is narcotic khat funding terrorism ? Once the bushes , which are actually green , are cut down into small pieces , they are laid out to dry . The intense sunlight in the Western Cape slowly then turns the rooibos into its rich dark red color . After it has been processed and sterilized , the tea is ready for the consumer . This trade has become so lucrative that the industry is now trying to protect the rooibos name and its heritage . Producers are lobbying for the tea to be given geographical indication status  see fact box  to protect this unique brand -- a lengthy lawsuit with a U.S. company , which tried to use the rooibos name , went the way of the South Africans . But farmers , like Engelbrecht , believe more should be done . "  There is not currently the legislation in South Africa to protect the word rooibos as a geographical indicator or G.I. , similar to what exists in France , where the French government makes sure that champagne can only be used by the wine producers in the Champagne region of France , " he says . "  I think it is the responsibility of government to make sure that legislation come in place , because we need to protect our cultural assets , " adds Engelbrecht . Read more : Rise of the ` repats ' : Africans shun crisis-hit West for jobs back home But while the industry waits for government reforms , plans are already in place for further expansion into new markets , such as India and China . As a result , laboratory tests are underway to develop new products to broaden the tea 's appeal and suit different palates across the world . "  We now have a vast array of different rooibos products , from the traditional unflavored tea to all the flavored tea , cappuccinos made from rooibos , cosmetics , rooibos used in cooking , " says Engelbrecht . Back in Cape Town , customers are already enjoying some of these new products . There 's a whole new menu of fruit-flavored rooibos teas , rooibos cappuccinos and even espressos . But despite this extensive range , the perfected traditional cups of rooibos remains the firm favorite .	An increasing number of tea lovers are turning to rooibos for its health benefits The plant grows only in South Africa 's Western Cape province The multi-million dollar industry is fighting to protect the rooibos name and its heritage Producers are lobbying for the tea to be given geographical indication status
CNN  -- "  When I visit Malawi , I visit my family at the graveyard , " says Marie Da Silva , who knows the impact of AIDS all too well . Marie da Silva says the name for her school comes from the Jacaranda tree , which symbolizes hope . Born and bred in Malawi , in southern Africa , Da Silva lost 14 family members , including her father and two brothers , to the disease . "  AIDS is like The Plague in Malawi , " says Da Silva . According to UNAIDS , 14 percent of the country 's adult population is infected with HIV and more than half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . "  Orphans -LSB- in Malawi -RSB- are very underprivileged -- the grandparents are trying to raise them , with no money , no food , no clothes , " she says . "  Just poverty . " But from halfway around the world , as a nanny in Los Angeles , California , Da Silva provides a place where the orphans can get away from that -- The Jacaranda School . Watch Da Silva talk about her school " In 2002 , Da Silva learned that the school in her southern Africa home town was going to close . Consumed with concern for the students , she urged her mother to let them gather and learn in their family home , with her financial support . "  All the while I was doing my best for the kids here -- making sure they 're doing their homework , eating well , " she remembers . "  I could n't sleep just thinking about the children that need the same thing back in Malawi , " says Da Silva . Thanks to Da Silva 's passion , the school is now thriving in her childhood home and more than 200 children , most of whom are AIDS orphans , receive porridge every morning and education , free of charge . It is an effort that Da Silva funds almost entirely herself , sending $ 1,000 , about one-third of her monthly paycheck , to pay the salaries of 12 teachers and the headmaster , and purchase whatever supplies she can afford . Several of her fellow nannies have even gotten involved , donating $ 10 a month to her foundation . Get involved : Jacaranda Foundation While the classes are crowded and resources are few  there are only 15 books in the library , according to Da Silva  , her efforts are working . "  We have kids studying in our family living room , kitchen , gazebo , you name it . They 're so hungry to learn , " Da Silva explains . "  This is their sanctuary . " Watch two teachers -- in different continents -- read a story from a young student " Da Silva named both the school and its supporting foundation after the Jacaranda tree . Not only does the tree grow both in Malawi and Los Angeles , but when her father was dying , she found solace in a blossoming Jacaranda tree that she could see from his hospital window . "  For me , the Jacaranda tree symbolizes hope , and that 's what I want to give to the children at the Jacaranda School , " she says . "  After the deaths of my family members and ... seeing how everything else is suffering , the only way around this was if kids have a future . " She dreams of building a new school with lab facilities and a real library one day . "  I just feel that if you give them the tools , they can be somebody . And that 's my mission . "	Marie Da Silva is a nanny in Los Angeles She is president and founder of a school for orphans in Malawi About 200 children attend classes in what was Da Silva 's former home
CNN  -- After 20 years , over 300 goals and a host of major honors , Thierry Henry has called time on his football career . The Frenchman , who won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 with his country , is hanging up his boots to pursue a broadcasting career . Although he made his breakthrough with French team Monaco , and spent time with Juventus , Barcelona and latterly New York Red Bulls , Henry is best remembered for a glittering eight-year spell with Arsenal in the English Premier League . Henry became the London club 's all-time leading goalscorer and helped the Gunners win two league titles and the FA Cup on three occasions . "  It has been an incredible journey and I would like to thank all the fans , team mates and individuals involved with AS Monaco , Juventus , Arsenal FC , FC Barcelona , the New York Red Bulls and of course the French National Team that have made my time in the game so special , " he said on his official Facebook page . "  I have had some amazing memories  mostly good !  and a wonderful experience . I hope you have enjoyed watching as much as I have enjoyed taking part . See you on the other side ... " Henry 's move to Arsenal in 1999 , after a troubled year in Turin with Juventus , saw him reunited with former Monaco coach Arsene Wenger . The pair led Arsenal through a golden era , including an unbeaten Premier League campaign during the 2003-04 season . That team that won 26 and drew 12 of its 38 league matches during that campaign became known as the "  Invincibles . " Henry left Arsenal in 2007 and headed to Barcelona , where more titles lay in wait . During three seasons in Catalonia , Henry won the Spanish championship on two occasions and helped the club lift the European Champions League in 2009 . The 37-year-old brought the curtain down on his player career with a four-year stint in the "  Big Apple , " helping New York Red Bulls win Major League Soccer 's Eastern Conference in 2010 and 2013 . Although his immediate focus will be punditry work with British broadcaster Sky TV , Henry has not ruled out a coaching career . "  I do n't know if I can be a good coach or not , but the desire is there , " he told Sky .	Thierry Henry retires from football after 20-year career The Frenchman won the World Cup and Euro 2000 with his country Henry best known for his eight-year spell with Arsenal in the English Premier League He became the London club 's all-time leading goalscorer
CNN  -- The most powerful man in African football wants much tougher penalties for racist behavior but has told CNN that abused players should not take the law into their own hands and walk off . Issa Hayatou , who is a member of FIFA 's executive committee , said those responsible were "  shaming the human race " but that whatever the provocation it was better to rise above it by showing quality on the football pitch . "  It might not be a solution to leave the field . It 's a gut reaction really . It 's very bad for a player , " he said . "  You must play beautiful soccer and help your team score goals and this will show really the equality between white and black and it would put an end to the problem . "  So I believe that to leave the field is not enough . It 's better to stay , make more effort , resist this insult and show that you are capable of doing very good things . " Hayatou 's remarks come in the aftermath of a walk off by AC Milan 's Kevin Prince Boateng -- subjected to racist abuse while playing a friendly match against a lower division side in Italy . He said he was sympathetic to Boateng 's plight and wants far stiffer penalties to be applied . "  FIFA is doing a lot in order to get rid of racism in football and there are also international organizations , like the United Nations , who are also doing everything to get rid of racism . So what will we do ? "  We will do everything . I believe only small fines are not enough . We need to find other punishments in order to deter these people who are shaming the human race , " he added . Hayatou has been president of the Confederation of African Football  CAF  since 1987 and unsuccessfully challenged Sepp Blatter for the presidency of FIFA in 2002 . He wants the world governing body , led by Blatter , to take a "  collective decision " to deal with the racism problem , but believes match fixing offers an even greater threat . "  It 's just as negative as racism but I would say match fixing is even more negative because it 's very , very bad and we must n't know who is going to win , " he said . "  So , for me , the worst thing in football is a match that is fixed . " Hayatou , 66 , will be putting himself up for election for his seventh spell as CAF chief in Morocco next month , having overseen an Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa which was claimed by Nigeria with a 1-0 win over Burkina Faso in Sunday 's final .	Africa football chief against player walk offs in racist incidents Issa Hayatou - ` It 's very bad for a player ' Hayatou demands stiffer penalties for racist behavior He believes match fixing is an even bigger problem for FIFA
LONDON , England  CNN  -- High net-worth individuals will always find ways to enjoy , celebrate and flaunt their wealth -- the yacht at Monte Carlo , the chateau , the vineyard and the Rolls Royce Phantom . The very wealthy add to this their private jets -- Gulfstreams and Lears -- providing mobile bedrooms and boardrooms for upwards of four people . The lavish interior of the custom Airbus A380 But now those who are not just very wealthy , but super wealthy , have a new option -- the chateau in the sky . The arrival of the -- much delayed -- Airbus A380 "  super " jumbo aircraft , which is due to make its debut revenue-earning flight with Singapore Airlines later this year , heralds a whole new era of super private jet . The A380 is a four-engined , twin-decked , wide-body jet aircraft built at Airbus 's factories throughout Europe and assembled at its facility in Toulouse , France . Larger than any previous civil aircraft , the A380 is 30 per cent bigger than the current largest jetliner , Boeing 's 747-400 . In standard three-class layout , the A380 can hold 555 passengers . In an all-economy configuration , the A380 could hold more than 800 . This allows the private buyer an unrivalled space in which to create the ultimate statement of luxury and power . Private jets have been on the market since the 1960s . But they tended to be far smaller than commercial passenger aircraft . Some private customers wanted the comforts afforded to those heads of state who had their own large jetliners at their disposal . Most famous of these , of course is Air Force One , the official jet transport -- though actually there are two Air Force Ones , both modified Boeing 747-400s -- of the President of the United States of America . The demand for larger-scale private and corporate jets has been such that the major aircraft manufacturers , Airbus and Boeing , now offer modified versions of their passenger aircraft -- the Boeing BBJ  Boeing Business Jet  and Airbus CJ  Corporate Jet  . Both of these are based on short-haul , narrow-bodied types -- the Boeing 737 series and Airbus A320 series -- both of which seat fewer than 200 people in commercial passenger configuration . But the A380 's massive size -- the combined floor-space of the two decks is over 6,000 square feet -- dwarfs these otherwise capacious aircraft . In comparison , the total floor area of an Airbus CJ is 905 square feet . As soon as Airbus announced it was to embark on a project to develop the first "  super " jumbo in 2001 , it received an order for a private variant of the jet  then known by its codename of A3XX  from a client in the Middle East . The aircraft 's size is one thing . But a luxury purchase of this magnitude also needs a sumptuous interior . This was to be provided by design consultancy Edése Doret from its offices in New York , London , Paris , Kuwait and Sri Lanka . Over the years the company has been called upon to design bespoke interiors for aircraft including the BBJs and CJs , and widebody aircraft including the Lockheed L1011 Tristar , Airbus A340-600 and Boeing 747-400 . "  We were excited when we were awarded the contract , " says the company 's president Edése Doret Jr. , "  and at the time no one had ever conceived of designing a private interior for such an aircraft . Unfortunately for us , the client backed out of the project and opted for a smaller -LSB- A340-300 -RSB- aircraft . "  We only created very preliminary layouts and basic renderings of the interior . We were then approached in early 2005 to design the interior of the A380 . We felt very fortunate to get a second opportunity to design the cabin for this new customer . " Beneath the two passenger decks of this modified super jumbo is an Air Force One-style air-stair -- allowing access to the tarmac without the need for a sky-bridge or external staircase -- and a crew dining area , crew gallery , crew bathroom , sleeping quarters for eight on bunk beds , a communications room and spiral staircase leading to the main deck . The main deck contains an entry lounge , grand lounge , dining area with seating for 14 , main deck galley and staff seating . Then the upper deck houses a stateroom , master bathroom  with shower and hot tub  , office , library , VIP bedroom  en-suite  , guest bedroom  en-suite  , upper deck galley , family dining area with seating for eight and an "  Oasis lounge " . The cost of the interior adds a further $ 150 million to the basic $ 350 million cost of the aircraft . Edése Doret wo n't disclose the identity of the client , leading to much internet speculation . It 's most likely , however , that the client is the ruler of an oil-rich Gulf state rather than a captain of industry  Bill Gates , famously , travels economy class  .	Luxury private jet based on Airbus A380 "  super " jumbo Designers had 6,000 square feet to work with Interior fittings and modifications projected to cost $ 150 million
The U.N. Security Council unanimously passed tougher sanctions against North Korea Thursday targeting the secretive nation 's nuclear program hours after Pyongyang threatened a possible "  preemptive nuclear attack . " "  These sanctions will bite , and bite hard , " U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said after the vote . China , North Korea 's key ally , could have used its veto power to block the sanctions . Instead , after weeks of negotiating , it signed on to the final draft . "  China is a country of principle , " China 's U.N. Ambassador Li Baodong said . "  We are firmly committed to safeguarding peace and stability on the Korean peninsula . " Leading up to the vote , Pyongyang ratcheted up its bellicose rhetoric . A spokesman for the North Korean foreign ministry suggested the United States "  is set to light a fuse for a nuclear war . " As a result , North Korea "  will exercise the right to a preemptive nuclear attack to destroy the strongholds of the aggressors and to defend the supreme interests of the country , " the country said in a statement carried by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . Despite the strong language , analysts say North Korea is years away from having the technology necessary to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile and aim it accurately at a target . And , analysts say , North Korea is unlikely to seek a direct military conflict with the United States , preferring instead to try to gain traction through threats and the buildup of its military deterrent . But the threat came amid increased concern over Pyongyang 's dogged efforts to advance its nuclear and missile technology after a recent long-range rocket launch and underground atomic blast . On Tuesday , North Korea said it planned to scrap the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 and warned it could carry out strikes against the United States and South Korea . Analysts : ` Boxed in ' North Korea 's bluster ` particularly dangerous ' The rhetoric came not only in advance of the U.N. vote , but also as military drills take place on either side of the heavily armed border that divides the two Koreas . This week , the United States and South Korean began two months of joint exercises , known as Foal Eagle . North Korea has called the annual training exercises "  an open declaration of a war , " but South Korea says it notified Pyongyang that the drills "  are defensive in nature . " North Korea 's nuclear threat Thursday "  may suggest that Pyongyang feels even more boxed in than usual , " said Michael Mazza of the American Enterprise Institute . And while a nuclear attack itself is not an immediate palpable threat , "  This surge in provocative rhetoric is particularly dangerous , " added Michael Auslin , also with the institute . "  South Korea 's new president  Park Geun Hye  ca n't be seen to back down in the face of the North 's threats , while  new North Korean leader  Kim Jong Un may feel that his successful missile and nuclear tests give him the ability to keep pressuring Seoul . The two may wind up talking themselves into conflict . " South Korea 's U.N. Ambassador Kim Sook said Thursday the new resolution "  reflects the will of the international community , " which "  will never tolerate North Korea 's repeated violations and North Korea 's nuclear and ballistic missile program . " "  Each violation will be met by stronger responses and measures , " he added . Will the new sanctions work ? The goal of the new sanctions is to stymie the activities of North Korean banks and cash couriers who might be funneling money to the secretive regime 's nuclear and missile programs . It will be tougher for the regime to move large sums of cash stuffed into suitcases , Rice said . The U.N. resolution also outlines measures to step up scrutiny of suspicious sea shipments and air cargo . And it expands restrictions to encompass several institutions and senior officials in the North 's weapons industry , as well as a range of materials and technology known to be used in uranium enrichment . It also blocks the sale of luxury goods -- such as yachts and certain high-end jewelry -- to North Korea . "  As a result , North Korea 's ruling elite , who have been living large while impoverishing their people , will pay a price " for the ongoing nuclear activities , Rice said . Some doubt whether the new measures will make much difference . Sanctions imposed after previous nuclear tests and rocket launches have failed to deter Pyongyang . China will go a long way toward determining whether the new sanctions really do have "  bite , " analysts say . "  As long as China allows North Korea to operate , as long as China provides food , energy assistance , and investment , the sanctions really do n't matter , " said Doug Bandow of the Cato Institute . North Korea notoriously allows many of its people to live in malnutrition and starvation . Still , the country needs a functioning economy , partly to finance its military , Bandow explained . "  Kim Jong Un is now paying the price for going ahead with a nuclear test despite Chinese warnings not to create trouble during the political transition that has been under way in Beijing the past year , " Mark Fitzpatrick , director of the Non-Proliferation and Disarmament Programme at the UK-based International Institute for Strategic Studies , said this week . Future levels of Chinese grain sales to North Korea are a possible indicator of Beijing 's commitment to putting meaningful pressure on Pyongyang , he said . Ken Gause , an analyst with CNA , said the new sanctions wo n't deter North Korea from building up its nuclear program . "  North Korea last year inserted language into its constitution that the country is a nuclear power . To walk back from this , especially under pressure from the outside world , would undermine Kim Jong Un 's legitimacy and make him vulnerable . He will not do this , " said Gause . North Korea casts U.N. sanctions as part of an aggressive , U.S.-led conspiracy against it . Simmering tensions North Korea said the underground nuclear blast it conducted February 12 was more powerful than its two previous detonations and used a smaller , lighter device , suggesting advances in its weapons program . It was the first nuclear test the isolated state has carried out since Kim inherited power in December 2011 after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , who made building up North Korea 's military strength the focus of his 17-year rule . The test followed the North 's long-range rocket launch in December that succeeded in putting an object in orbit . Pyongyang insisted the launch had peaceful aims , but it was widely viewed as a test of its ballistic missile technology . Long history North and South Korea have technically been at war for decades . The 1950-53 civil war ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty . China supported the North with materiel and troops in the Korean War . The United States backed the South in the conflict , with soldiers from the two countries fighting side by side . About 28,500 U.S. soldiers are currently stationed in South Korea .	U.S. Ambassador Rice : The sanctions will "  bite hard " China is "  firmly committed " to peace on the Korean peninsula , ambassador to U.N. says The resolution will clamp down on North Korea 's officials , banks and cargo Analysts say China is a key to determining whether the sanctions deter North Korea
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands of children worldwide are thought to be working full-time on tobacco farms , suffering from toxic levels of nicotine exposure and abusive labor conditions . Children as young as five-years-old work on tobacco farms in Malawi , according to Plan International . In Malawi alone there are an estimated 78,000 boys and girls employed in tobacco harvesting . On average they earn 17 cents for a 12-hour day of back-breaking , bare-handed work , according to a recent report from Plan International . Handling burley tobacco leaves without gloves , in unwashed clothes and rarely bathing , these children can absorb the same amount of nicotine in one day of harvesting that they would from smoking 50 cigarettes . "  Sometimes it feels like you do n't have enough breath ... You reach a point where you can not breathe because of the pain in your chest . Then the blood comes when you vomit . At the end , most of this dies and then you remain with a headache , " the report quoted one child describing how he felt at the end of the day . See pictures of Malawi 's child tobacco farmers " "  Nicotine is water soluble and can enter via the skin , so if it has recently rained , or there is heavy dew , the nicotine migrates into the water on the leaf . If that water gets on to your shirt it essentially becomes a giant nicotine patch , " explained Henry Spiller of the Kentucky Regional Poison Center . After reading the Plan report , Spiller , who has researched Green Tobacco Sickness  GTS  in children working on tobacco farms in the U.S. , told CNN that the Malawi children 's symptoms were "  absolutely " consistent with GTS . The Minister of Labor for Malawi , Yunnus Mussa , has denied the findings of the Plan report and told CNN their figures were "  absolute trash . " According to Mussa , the government has been hard at work with UNICEF for the past two years to eliminate child labor and has made substantial progress . "  No estate-owner has ever employed children age five to 14 , " he added . In 2007 UNICEF estimated that 29 percent of children ages five to 14-years-old in Malawi worked , and that the majority of those children worked in agriculture . There are more than 30,000 smallholder farmers in tobacco production and the crop contributes 70 percent of foreign exchange and 30 percent of GDP , according to the government Web site . Figures aside , the pictures speak for themselves , showing that the danger of nicotine poisoning is real and that better regulation and monitoring is needed . "  There are a couple of things that could prevent this , like you should wash or change shirts , " Spiller said , citing a study in which sweat rung out from tobacco workers ' shirts contained up to 98mcg/mL of nicotine . As well as exploitative conditions , the children described repeated physical and sexual abuse from their supervisors . Many of the kids also complained of "  sticky stuff " from the stalks that they could not wash off their hands because they had no access to soap or water , according to Glynis Clacherty , who interviewed the children first-hand for the Plan report . "  We are busy working and we do n't have time to go for bathing , so we develop those sores , " one 15-year-old girl told Clacherty . The 44 children she interviewed were working full-time on both large estates and small family farms , but none were working for their own families , and 36 of them were orphans . The main reason the children gave for working was poverty : lack of food , clothing or money to go to school were frequently cited . "  A lot think it 's fine for children to work . They do n't see the dangers of the pesticides or the opportunity cost of not going to school , " said Susan Gunn , an expert in hazardous child labor at the International Labor Organization  ILO  , referring to farmers in East Africa . "  The new globalization of agriculture has a tendency to increase the demand for child labor , " explained Gunn . When you have growers that are working under contract to larger companies , in industries such as tobacco , sugar or flowers , the contract is made with the adults , who in turn use their families to reach a quota or get a livable income . " In recent years multinational tobacco corporations have been rapidly shifting farming production away from rich countries like the United States . Nearly 75 percent of tobacco production is now done in developing countries such as Malawi , Tanzania , Zimbabwe , China , Brazil and India . Re-location to poorer states by multinational firms increases the demand for all types of labor their , not just that of children , according to Professor Margaret McMillan of Tufts University . If anything , she argues , increased investment can actually bring higher salaries and improved monitoring of abuse . "  If children are working in the tobacco fields , they are probably very poor and the alternatives could be even worse , " she said . "  I firmly believe that engagement by international corporations in African agriculture must happen , but they should be monitored on all fronts . " Today UNICEF , the ILO , Plan and others all remain active in Malawi , working with the government to develop links between the ministries of labor and agriculture to end child labor on tobacco farms . Since the report came out in August , Plan International told CNN in an email that "  the government has been constructive in their response and are discussing/looking to work with Plan to conduct a national survey to gauge the true scale of the issue and better enforcement of existing child labor laws . "	Children can absorb up to 50 cigarettes worth of nicotine on wet days Wearing gloves , washing clothes or bathing would all reduce exposure and risk Green Tobacco Sickness ` feels like death , ' induces headaches , nausea Report reveals widespread abuse of child workers , withheld wages , violence
Atlanta  CNN  -- One of three suspects in a videotaped beating of a gay man has been arrested , Atlanta police said Saturday . Christopher Cain , 18 , was taken into custody around midnight and charged with aggravated assault and robbery , said a statement from police spokesman Carlos Campos . Three men were seen in the video shouting anti-gay slurs as they beat , punched and kicked Brandon White , 20 . Police have identified two other suspects but they have not yet been arrested nor have their names been released . White was attacked February 4 outside a convenience store in a working class neighborhood in southwest Atlanta . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed doubled to $ 10,000 a reward for information leading to arrests . Meanwhile Saturday , community leaders and neighborhood residents rallied outside the convenience store in support of White . "  When you see something going wrong , you must do what you 're doing here today , ' said U.S. Rep. John Lewis . White did not report the attack at first but stepped forward after a video went viral on the internet . The video showed three men punching and kicking White after he stepped out of the JVC Grocery and Deli . The men , believed to be members of a gang called Jack City , yelled : "  No f -- ts in Jack City . " Later , the store 's surveillance video showed White , dressed in a purple shirt and black jeans with a cell phone to his left ear , exit the store along with another man . As soon as they stepped outside , White was accosted by his attackers . The surveillance video captured eight men standing around watching , two of them with video cameras in hand . One man lunged at White with a tire in his hands . "  If a straight person can walk to the store , I should be able to do the same thing , " White said . "  I could have died that day . They are monsters . At this point I am beyond mad . " He said he could not at first even bring himself to watch the video ; he was so humiliated and embarrassed . But after its wide circulation , White decided to talk to the police . "  Once they put it out there they set themselves up , "  said . "  I feel I was violated . The scars run deeper than anyone will know . The physical pain , I can get over that . My thing is : Who 's to say they wo n't come after me again ? Who 's to say they wo n't kill me ? " FBI agents are also investigating the case to determine whether it meets criteria for prosecution under the federal hate crimes statute . White said he could not comment on that aspect of the investigation . U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said her office is looking into potential civil rights violations based on sexual orientation . Georgia does not have a state hate crimes statute . "  The actions depicted in the video are appalling and unacceptable in our community , and we encourage anyone with information about this video to contact the FBI or Atlanta Police , " Yates said . Pittsburgh community residents said the corner where White was attacked is notorious for violence . They called for the JVC store to be shut down and asked for beefed up security . Those who attended Saturday 's rally said it was up to everyone to make sure this kind of attack does not occur again . "  This is not a one day campaign . this is not a one week campiagn , this is a lifetime campaign , " said Cleta Winslow , an Atlanta City Council member . Last year , the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs released a study that showed that hate crimes committed against lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender  LGBT  and HIV-affected people were on the rise in America . In 2010 , the coalition reported a 13 % rise in LGBT hate crimes and documented 27 murders , a 23 % increase from 2009 . State Rep. Simone Bell , who is openly gay , told CNN affiliate WSB TV that she hopes this case will pave the way for anti-hate crime legislation in Georgia . CNN 's Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents and community leaders rally at the site of the attack NEW : They say everyone must make sure this never happens again Police have identified two other suspects Brandon White 's beating by men shouting anti-gay slurs was videotaped
CNN  -- Spread across nearly 3,500 square miles and home to some 60 animal species and almost half of the world 's geysers , visitors could explore Yellowstone National Park for weeks and not see everything in the country 's first national park . Parents seem to agree the park in Idaho , Montana and Wyoming is a do n't - miss spot in the United States : Yellowstone was named the top "  favorite family destination " and top "  nature escape " in FamilyFun magazine 's first travel awards . FamilyFun surveyed some 2,000 U.S. moms with children ages 3 to 12 , asking the adults to rate 360 popular destinations . The destinations were divided into regions  West , Midwest , South and Northeast  with parents voting within their respective geographic area . Fun , accessibility and affordability were key elements of the survey . "  Most families only have a few weeks of vacation each year , so the choice of where to go and what to see really carries a lot of weight , " said Ann Hallock , editor-in-chief of FamilyFun magazine . "  The great thing about our list is that the winners in each region are chosen by families who actually live there , so you know you 're getting the real scoop on what 's going to be fun . " 10 budget all-inclusive resorts Favorite family destinations It 's not just Yellowstone . Parents are focused mostly on nature , according to their Top 10 picks . Coming in second place is Acadia National Park in Maine ; third place is Carlsbad Caverns National Park in New Mexico and fourth place is Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona . Rounding out the top 10 are Mount Rushmore National Memorial in South Dakota ; Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in Michigan ; Yosemite National Park in California ; Disney 's Magic Kingdom Park in Florida ; Glacier National Park in Montana ; and Pearl Harbor Visitor Center/USS Arizona Memorial in Hawaii . The magazine also announced winners in other categories . Here are the top three spots in those areas : Top nature escapes : Yellowstone National Park , Acadia National Park and Carlsbad Caverns National Park . Top tourist attractions : Mount Rushmore National Memorial in South Dakota , Pearl Harbor Visitor Center/USS Arizona Memorial in Hawaii and the Statue of Liberty National Monument in New York . Top tourist towns : Mackinaw City , Michigan ; Monterey , California ; and the Lake Tahoe region in California and Nevada . Top museums , zoos and aquariums : Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History in Washington ; Omaha , Nebraska 's Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium ; and the Saint Louis Zoo . Top amusement parks : Disney 's Magic Kingdom Park in Florida , Disneyland in California and Holiday World & Splashin ' Safari in Indiana . Top family resort : Walt Disney World Resorts hotels ; Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach in Hawaii ; and Loews Coronado Bay in California . Beyond Disney : Best family cruises for 2013	National parks and other nature-focused U.S. destinations are family favorites FamilyFun magazine surveyed 2,000 parents for family-friendly destination rankings Parents chose top spots in their part of the country : West , Midwest , South and Northeast Yellowstone National Park tops the lists
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- At Russia 's urging , the U.N. Security Council will hold an emergency meeting Sunday morning aimed at defusing simmering tensions in the Korean peninsula . The meeting will take place at 11 a.m. ET on Sunday , a day after Russia had originally wanted to meet , its ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin said in a statement . Churkin blamed the U.S. delegation -- which this month heads up the security council -- for the one-day delay , adding , "  We assume that nothing will happen in the interim that would bring about further aggravation . " New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former prominent U.S. diplomat now in the middle of an unofficial four-day trip meeting with high-level Pyongyang officials , applauded the development as something that could help skirt further military escalation . "  It 's a very , very tense situation , a crisis situation , " Richardson told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer from Pyongyang . "  This is when the U.N. Security Council can be most effective . " The former U.S. energy secretary and ambassador to the United Nations met Sunday morning for one-and-a-half hours with Maj. Gen. Pak Rim Su , who leads North Korean forces in the demilitarized zone along the South Korean border . He called it a "  very tough meeting " that included "  some progress . " Richardson told CNN that Pak was receptive to his proposal that a military hotline be set up between North Korean and South Korean forces , in order to address issues should an incident occur . Pak was also open to the governor 's idea for a military commission -- with representatives from North Korea , South Korea and the United States -- to monitor disputed areas in and around the Yellow Sea . The goal , Richardson said , would be to address issues before they flared into larger confrontations . The North Korean general , separately , told Richardson that the remains of several hundred U.S. servicemen killed about six decades ago during the Korean War had recently been recovered , showing the governor pictures of some of them and a dog tag from one soldier . Pak then offered to resume joint recovery efforts with the United States . "  It was a positive gesture , " Richardson said . Still , the governor said that the U.N. Security Council 's meeting on Sunday might be an even more significant development when it comes to the regional crisis . He called China 's recent statements on and Russia 's leadership on the issue a positive -- saying he hoped that the council might issue a statement "  urging all sides to exercise maximum restraint  and to  cool things down . " The Security Council has five permanent members in China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States . There are also 10 rotating members , which are currently Austria , Bosnia and Herzegovinia , Brazil , Gabon , Japan , Lebanon , Mexico , Nigeria , Turkey and Uganda . The United States , as well as Russia and Japan , have been key international players in the crisis , and Chinese officials have also conducted a series of high-level talks with North Korean and South Korean officials . On Saturday , Chinese Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun reiterated his nation 's strong desire to avert war , which he said would be devastating for both Korean nations and the region as a whole , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Richardson came to North Korea at the invitation of its top nuclear negotiator as a private citizen -- with the knowledge of but not as a representative of the U.S. government -- amidst one of the region 's most serious crises since the 1953 Korean War armistice . North Korea says that its South Korean counterparts are instigating tensions with planned live military exercises on and around the disputed Yeonpyeong Island . Seoul cited bad weather as its reason for pushing back the drills a day or two , which were originally scheduled between December 18 and 21 , South Korea 's official Yonhap News Agency reported . Saying the exercises would be in "  the inviolable territorial waters " of North Korea , the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency warned Saturday that its forces "  will deal the second and third unpredictable self-defensive blow " if the drills proceed . Such strikes , according to the agency , would be "  deadlier ... in terms of the powerfulness and sphere " than its November 23 shelling of Yeonpyeong Island that left four South Koreans dead . Noting that North Korea is "  very , very provoked by this potential incident , " Richardson said he hoped that a strong statement from the United Nations council might spur Seoul to cancel the drills and "  give both sides cover " to tamp down their rhetoric and actions . Pak was the first non-political official to talk to Richardson , who earlier said he had a "  good meeting " with the North 's chief nuclear negotiator Kim Gye Gwan and also met with the vice minister of North Korea 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Friday . Both Koreas have traded tough talk and conducted aggressive military drills in the weeks after the Yeonpyeong Island incident . The U.S. military has said it is concerned that South Korea 's scheduled exercises could spark an uncontrollable clash with the North , but the State Department said the exercises are not meant to be threatening or provocative . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 5pm to 8pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	NEW : Bill Richardson , who is not a U.S. envoy , says a N. Korean general was open to his ideas NEW : They include a military hotline and a commission to settle disputes in the region The U.N. Security Council will meet Sunday morning about the Korean crisis Planned South Korean military exercises have been delayed due to bad weather
CNN  -- Several U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks show growing anxiety among Chinese officials about citizens getting uncensored online content through Google -- with one Politburo member reportedly angry to find negative comments about himself online . In May 2009 , Google approached the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , according to one leaked cable , "  to discuss recent pressure by the Chinese government to censor the company 's Chinese website . " Chinese officials were unhappy that the sanitized google.cn , which was established by Google in 2006 , contained a link to the uncensored google.com , and appeared especially sensitive about the issue because of the imminent 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests . The redacted cable , dated May 18 and written by Economic Minister Counselor Robert Luke , says U.S. diplomats had been told that "  the root of the problem was China 's Politburo Standing Committee member  name redacted  . " Later it says : "  name redacted  allegedly entered his own name and found results critical of him ... He also noticed the link from google.cn 's homepage to google.com , which  redacted  reportedly believes is an ` illegal site . ' " In another apparent reference to the Politburo member , the cable says he "  believes Google is a ` tool ' of the USG being used to ` foment peaceful revolution in China . ' " The New York Times , which had advance access to the cables obtained by WikiLeaks , says that official is Li Changchun , who is a member of the Chinese Communist Party 's Standing Politburo Committee -- its highest body -- and runs the Politburo 's propaganda apparatus . He subsequently asked three ministries to demand that Google end its "  illegal activities , " according to the cable . At the same time the Chinese government was taking commercial steps against Google , instructing state-owned telecom firms to stop doing business with the company -- "  a hard blow because mobile Internet is Google 's ` big bet in China , ' " the cable added . Google refused to remove the link on its Chinese site , and its lawyers "  found no legal basis for China 's demands . " The dilemma for the company was that it risked "  losing the Chinese market in retaliation for maintaining its integrity and brand , " the cable said . Google had entered the Chinese market on three principles : it would never disclose to the Chinese government any personal information about its users or their search habits ; it would always include a disclosure notice to identify when search results had been removed due to censorship ; and it would always provide an uncensored , U.S.-hosted site , subject to U.S. law . Two months later -- in July 2009 -- Google 's servers were "  virally infected " for 24 hours , amid claims that Google was failing to filter out pornographic sites . The embassy 's sources , says a cable from that month , believe "  the real reason for the government 's wrath is the company 's refusal to remove a link to google.com from the google.cn website . " The cable continued , apparently quoting a Google official , : "  redacted  said the negative press coverage and service outages have caused the company to lose market share ...  redacted  said that , faced with the continual difficulties of doing business in China , the company may even consider pulling out of the market . " The attacks on Google servers continued , with the company reporting in January of this year that it had been the victim of a sophisticated cyber attack originating from China . It said it also discovered that the "  Gmail accounts of dozens of human rights activists connected with China were being routinely accessed by third parties . " So it began redirecting users visiting google.cn to the uncensored content of google.com.hk . A US . cable written from Beijing after that cyber attack said : "  A well-placed contact claims that the Chinese government coordinated the recent intrusions of Google systems . According to our contact , the closely held operations were directed at the Politburo Standing Committee level . " The cable noted : "  An appeal to nationalism seems to be the Chinese government 's chosen option to counter Google 's demand to provide unfiltered web content . " An unnamed Chinese contact "  stated that PRC operations against Google were ` one hundred percent ' political in nature and had nothing to do with removing Google , with its minority market share , as a competitor to Chinese search engines . " The cable also suggested the move might backfire on the Chinese authorities , apparently citing a Chinese contact . "  All of a sudden ,  redacted  continued , Baidu  a state-owned internet search engine  looked like a boring state-owned enterprise while Google ` seems very attractive , like the forbidden fruit . ' " However , the cables suggest that the Chinese leadership -- and specifically the State Council Information Office -- believed that the internet in China could be controlled . "  Through the Google incident and other increased controls and surveillance , like real-name registration , they reached a conclusion : The Web is fundamentally controllable , " according to one source quoted in a cable . Long before the crisis in 2009 , Google was running into hostility from Chinese officials . In November 2007 , China asked the U.S. government to reduce the resolution of Google Earth images of military , nuclear and other sensitive sites in China . Chinese officials warned of "  possible ` grave consequences ' if terrorists exploit the information to harm China . " A diplomat at the embassy said he would report the Chinese request to Washington , but noted that Google is a private company . Other cables suggest close ties between Chinese state enterprises and private hackers in China . According to a cable from the U.S. secretary of state 's office written in June 2009 , the China Information Technology Security Center "  has recruited Chinese hackers in support of nationally-funded ` network attack scientific research projects . ' " One such enterprise -- TOPSEC -- employed "  a known Chinese hacker , Lin Yong  a.k.a. Lion and owner of the Honker Union of China  , as senior security service engineer to manage security service and training . " Another was "  known to affiliate with XFocus , one of the few Chinese hacker groups known to develop exploits to new vulnerabilities in a short period of time . " The cable concludes : "  While links between top Chinese companies and the PRC are not uncommon , it illustrates the PRC 's use of its ` private sector ' in support of governmental information warfare objectives , especially in its ability to gather , process , and exploit information . "	WikiLeaks cables show Chinese officials were worried about Google The officials were concerned about uncensored online content A U.S. cable says a Chinese official believes Google is a "  tool " of the United States
CNN  -- Ever since two men first laid a bet on two flies climbing up a cave wall , gambling has struck at the core of the human condition : the future is uncertain . And while games of chance like dice and cards have been with us for centuries , bar room wagers on matters of abstract speculation have often been lost to history , disappearing as fast as the hot air that produced them . Until now , that is . Novelty bets Thanks to websites like Longbets.org and professional gaming sites like Paddy Power , oddball bets on everything from the next pope to the life expectancy of the universe have a running book . In the case of Longbets.org , they are the source of heated debate about the shape of the future . "  These bets become an interesting tool to understand how we think about the future and even if we are really arguing about the right things , " said Alexander Rose , director of the Long Now Foundation , which backs the Long Bets project . Betting exchanges that take novelty bets are nothing new -- Paddy Power has a long-running book on whether it will snow on Christmas Day and the next pope -- but what makes Long Bets different is that it will only accept bets that advance our understanding of science and the future . The winner also must donate their winnings to a charity of his choice . Predicting the future So far , Long Bets has taken long-term bets on whether drones will do battle as part of protests , whether commercial flights will become pilotless and on the future of level of the world 's population . "  People need to have an opposing argument and come to an agreement about the terms which actually turns out to be quite tricky , " Rose told CNN . "  Someone will make a bet , for instance , that we will find extraterrestrial intelligence in the next 50 years , then there 's often a long philosophical discussion about what constitutes extraterrestrial intelligence or even life . "  If we are talking about something as strange as that , we do n't know even if we 'd recognize it . " Often , he said , the parties have already bashed out the terms before they come to Long Bets . Buffett 's million dollar gamble In the case of its current highest profile bet -- a million dollar bet between billionaire investor Warren Buffett and alternative investment group ProtÃ © gÃ © Partners , LLC - the two parties had already agreed the terms and had come to Long Bets to find a platform for the wager . For a simple $ 50 fee , anyone can make a prediction , which then becomes a bet when someone takes up the challenge . Nothing is too outlandish , said Rose , as long as it is well argued . Often the results can be surprising . "  We had one bet on the cost of energy five years into the future and the parties had used a very good source which was the report of the US Department of Energy , " he said . However , when it came time to adjudicate that bet it was found the government had pulled its report in the wake of the $ 74 billion Enron scandal in 2001 . "  Enron had sufficiently skewed the energy market that the government had to unwind all the Enron trades out of its report to know the true cost of energy , " Rose said . "  It was enough to flip the results of the bet . " Changing parameters Often the future is so unpredictable that the parameters of the debate change entirely . Once such argument over whether the top 10 news stories would come from a blog or the Wall Street Journal was , at the time , surprisingly eclipsed by Wikipedia which was little known in 2002 . "  We often find that it 's not so much whether someone was right or wrong , but that what was being argued about was not even relevant , " Rose said . "  Our main goal is that they create an interesting discussion about the future . And we try to keep them away from celebrities and sports and more on arguments about the world . "  We 've taken a few bets on sports but only when they 've been arguments about globalization . " Some have time scales so long , that no one will ever collect on them . Turing test A bet on whether the universe will keep expanding is unlikely ever to see a winner , but a $ 20,000 bet between Google 's director of engineering Ray Kurzweil and Lotus Development founder Mitchell Kapor on artificial intelligence passing the Turing test comes up in 2029 . To pass the test , a machine or computer program must convince a human judge that it has a level of intelligent behavior indistinguishable from that of a human being . For mainstream punters , meanwhile , betting exchanges like Paddy Power have been taking novelty bets on everything from the next pope - more than Â # 300,000  $ 450,000  was placed after Pope Benedict 's resignation -- to parents betting on their sons becoming soccer World Cup football captains . "  For us it 's really a fraction of our business , less than 1 % , but it 's very good for our profile and we like doing it , " Paddy Power told CNN . "  And anyway who knows ? One day we 'll all be caught with our pants down when Elvis comes back into town . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : FireChat , the app that voiced Hong Kong 's protests The Universal Translator from science fiction is coming Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	Gambling relies on the fact that all future events have a degree of uncertainty Long Bets will take long-term wagers on the shape of the future Bets run across everything from the price of fuel to population levels Paddy Power runs a book on white Christmases and the next pope
