Floating in the middle of the sea , the first thing we noticed was the vast expanse of tarmac , roughly the size of three soccer fields . And then we heard the loud blasting sound of fighter jets preparing to take off . This was one of the world 's most powerful warships , the Nimitz-class ` super carrier ' USS George Washington , which the CNN crew and members of other media organizations were granted a rare opportunity to visit this weekend . After climbing up the equivalent of an eight-story building , staircase after staircase , one narrow hallway after another , we finally arrived at the "  bridge , " an elevated tower containing the command control center on the aircraft carrier . The U.S. nuclear-powered carrier was in the waters off the Korean peninsula for a routine patrol mission , which followed a trilateral "  search and rescue " drill between the U.S. , South Korea and Japan . The drill drew harsh rhetoric from North Korea earlier last week , warning the U.S. of a "  horrible disaster " and claimed that its troops are on high alert to promptly cope with "  blatant provocations . " Standing on the flight deck of the USS George Washington , I realized North Korea probably had good reason to be on edge . The USS George Washington can carry about 80 aircraft , launch tactical fighter jets towards any location and is equipped with various types of missiles . Known as a "  floating military base " , it can also accommodate more than 6,000 crew , serve 18,000 meals per day and even has live broadcast television on the vessel . Back on the bridge , we saw fighter jets take off one after another at an impressive pace . This , I was told , was the work of a deck catapult , which slings the fighter jet forward , generating enormous speed . We experienced just that . Ending the tour , we strapped ourselves into a propeller-powered , windowless plane . After a roaring sound , the plane took off at an enormous speed , faster than any roller coaster ride I had been on . Training to go supersonic with South Korea 's Top Guns CNN reporter learns to fly supersonic	Rare visit to USS George Washington , one of world 's most powerful warships Aircraft carrier in waters off Korean peninsula for a routine "  patrol mission " It is home to up 6,000 crew and 18,000 meals are served a day
CNN  -- It sounds like a name-dropping marketer 's dream : Sean Parker -- the Napster co-creator who was played by Justin Timberlake in "  The Social Network " -- creates a Facebook-connected app and gets celebrities like actress Olivia Munn , the rapper Snoop Dogg  they 've got to be Facebook friends , right ?  and Joel McHale , the guy from "  Community , " to video chat on it . That was the scene in New York on Tuesday as Parker and Napster co-founder Shawn Fanning announced their new venture , a live video-chatting platform called Airtime . The problem ? In the middle of this rich-rapper-plus-rich-Internet-tycoon gabfest , Airtime crashed . A lot . "  Glitch after glitch marred Airtime 's first public showing , leaving the event 's collection of celebrities riffing and improvising onstage while engineers tried to fix the bugs and revive dropped connections , " CNNMoney 's Laurie Segall wrote from the event . "  Airtime demo = Snoop , Jim Carrey , Ed Helms , Julia Louis Dreyfus , Joel McHale , Alicia Keys , Olivia Munn + a million tech problems , " tweeted Abby Gardner , from Marie Claire . "  The Airtime has been about 80 % fail , but , hey , Jim Carrey is here . So it 's all good , " wrote Mashable 's editor-in-chief , Lance Ulanoff . CNET was harsher : "  To launch his new start-up , Sean Parker should have spent less of his billions on celebrity guests and more of it on fixing his technology , " wrote Greg Sandoval . A botched demonstration , of course , does n't mean that Airtime is doomed . But , based on reviews from tech writers , descriptions of the product and a quick test , there 's something more troubling that could be bad news for Airtime 's shelf life : No one seems to know why people would use it . How Airtime works Essentially , Airtime is a Facebook-connected , video-chatting platform on crack . When you log on at Airtime.com you see two video-chat windows , a list of your friends you might want to talk with and a list of topics you might want to talk about . If you select a topic -- like TV 's "  Mad Men " or other items you may have "  liked " on Facebook -- you will get set up with a video chat with someone else who also likes that show . The same goes for location : You can have Airtime start a random conversation with someone who is on Facebook and who lives in your geographic area . It 's like Skype , but you can watch YouTube clips with someone while you 're engaged in a video chat together . Which makes it like Google + , except it 's attached to a social network that has 900 million active users , giving it potentially more reach . If you 're plugged into the tech world , you may recall a website called Chatroulette , which hooked people up with strangers online for quick , random video chats . That site got lots of buzz on this website and others , but it ultimately flopped because people stopped using it for cross-cultural "  We Are the World " exchanges , and started getting naked . Because Airtime also lets people chat with strangers , it 's been called the logical , safer successor to Chatroulette -- one with more clothes . Parker 's chat program is tied to Facebook , so it knows your real identity and can ban you in a hurry if you show up for a video discussion sans pants . According to this Forbes report , the site will snap photos of users periodically to ensure that people have their clothes on . So that 's how it works . But the question remains : Do Internet users really want to chat with strangers ? And if not , is Airtime different enough from Skype -- a video-chat program that 's already integrated into Facebook -- to stand out ? Serendipity , or sleaze ? Writing at the blog All Things D , Liz Gannes explains why the Napster alums think people will want to engage in video chats with people they do n't know : "  Parker and Fanning argue that they are helping bring serendipity into a world where people 's online social graphs are set . Airtime is a ` social discovery ' application for helping people make new friends online , not necessarily for the purpose of dating . " But , she writes , it 's not certain if that 's how people will use the network . "  It 's unclear if Airtime will work -- will people want to use it ? " she asks . "  Will it fill up with spammers and skeezy dudes ? Is it technically sound ? But what is clear is that there are high expectations for Parker and Fanning 's next act . " Sandoval , from CNET , was more direct : "  Cool technology or not , the demand for this kind of service has yet to emerge , " he wrote . Others are more upbeat about the future of random video chats . "  The excitement of meeting new people with whom you have no ` friends ' in common , only interests , geography or kinks , are probably enough  to propel the product  , " Anthony Wing Kosner wrote at Forbes.com . "  Parker told  Forbes writer Steven  Bertoni in an interview Sunday , ` Fun crazy things should happen online . ' OK . Let the wild rumpus begin !  Once the technical glitches are worked out ...  " Wired , meanwhile , also sees potential in random video conferences between strangers , particularly because Airtime works to set you up with people who have common interests : "  When a chat with a stranger is initiated , the service lists both users ' shared interests . So , for example , if both users are huge ` Star Trek : The Next Generation ' fans , they could both dive right into discussing the pros and cons of William Riker 's beard . Interests can be added and removed from within the video chat window . This is perfect if your love of ` Twin Peaks ' has connected you with people who are probably a little too obsessed with the death of Laura Palmer . " The blog TechCrunch goes so far as to say the program will "  re-humanize the Internet . " "  One minute into using Airtime I was laughing with someone I 'd never met , " writes Josh Constine . "  That 's something special when despite all the asynchronous connection , the Internet threatens to make us feel lonely . " My time with Airtime In my quick test of the network , I had a different experience . Whereas Chatroulette in its early , non-pornographic days felt fun and random , Airtime felt more stilted . It was almost intimidating to enter into chats on Airtime with strangers who were assumed to have something in common with you . That said , I did have a couple of good interactions . I talked to one guy about the E3 video-gaming conference going on this week . He seemed impressed with Airtime and said it is way better than Chatroulette . But I also chatted with someone who was supposed to be in my geographic area and was n't . We did n't have much to talk about , so I started playing that mash-up YouTube video of Barack Obama singing "  Call Me Maybe . " The point , I 'd hoped , was that this might give us something to talk about -- or at least we could sway together . Not so much . My 30-second friend hung up on me . If you go to Airtime.com and sign up , let us know what you think in the comments .	Napster co-founders Sean Parker , Shawn Fanning launch social video venture called Airtime The network is built on top of Facebook It allows users to chat with friends or people with shared interests It 's unclear , however , if people want to video chat with strangers
CNN  -- Penn State fans and students knew the Freeh report was going to be harsh , but even so , it exceeded their expectations . Yet , for a significant number of them , their respect for the late Joe Paterno is unchanged . The lengthy report was released Thursday morning , castigating four former university officials -- President Graham Spanier , Vice President Gary Schultz , athletic director Tim Curley and Paterno -- for their roles in dealing with former coach Jerry Sandusky , who now sits in prison for abusing boys , some on the Penn State campus . "  I think JoePa 's career here at Penn State has been unique because he was able to build an athletic program that helped improve academics , which is rare for a university , " Dan Florencio , a Penn State graduate , told CNN 's Jason Carroll . "  So it 's hard for a lot of people who have been ingrained over those decades to hear his name not used in the best of light . " Read Freeh 's prepared statement  PDF Student John Zang was glad the truth had "  finally come out . " He said it was sobering to read how officials appeared to be more interested in preventing bad publicity . "  It really seems like everybody was just focused on something else , not the victims , " he said . "  It 's just sad because the kids , they were lost in all this . And I think it 's really important that we move forward and make sure that this stuff does not happen again . " Penn State leaders disregarded victims , 'em powered ' Sandusky , review finds His sentiment was echoed by the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , a group that also has members who were molested at camps and in athletic programs . The group released a statement that said the report was a good step , but change was more important . "  Often , we assume that when a scandal is exposed , reform will result , but that 's not necessarily true . Information sometimes leads to action , but sometimes not , " the statement read . "  Penn State students , staff and alumni must continue to push hard for practical changes to the unhealthy , self-protective institutional culture at the school that endangers kids . At a glance : Key players in Penn State report "  For starters , top school officials need to be prosecuted as vigorously as possible and punished as severely as possible . That is perhaps the best way to deter future cover-ups . " Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said : "  Today 's release of the Freeh Report will not hinder the continuing work of our statewide investigating grand jury , nor will it impact ongoing criminal prosecutions . " According to a statement from her office , Louis Freeh has promised to turn over any material related to criminal conduct to her investigators . Former student John Tecce said he will maintain his deep pride in his university . Paterno defended Penn State in letter he wrote before his death "  I received my diploma in May and it says ` The Pennsylvania State University ' not ` Joe Paterno University , ' " he said . "  The university is not defined by one name or the actions of a few . " There are so many other things to be proud of , Tecce said : the $ 10.6 million the university raised to help fight pediatric cancer , the $ 500,000 it raised for the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network . "  We can either put our heads down in shame and say , ` How are we ever going to recover from this ? ' or we can raise our heads and say , ` OK , how are we going to come out of this ? ' and start recovering , " he said . Key passages from the report "  It certainly hurts . You ca n't not be hurt by this , but at the same time I think what 's important now is just moving forward , " he said . There is a healing power in a community where there is a common goal , a common passion , he said , and he senses that among the Penn State community . Zang said there was an opportunity for students to "  really make up for what these administrators have done and have failed to do . " A few dozen students and fans wanted to watch news of the release of the report on Wednesday morning at a Penn State student center , but according to the Philadelphia Inquirer , just before a CNN anchor started talking about it , the channel changed to a public access show . A student worker at the help desk said a university employee was in charge of what channel was on . That person was in a meeting , the report said . On social media , supporters duked it out with critics and commentators weighed in on what they thought the future will or should hold for Penn State . While some called for Penn State dropping football , a reporter who covers the NBA 's Miami Heat , said , "  Forget the "  Death Penalty " for Penn State ... let them play and make millions ... and make them donate EVERY DAMN $ to stopping child abuse . " CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Support remains for late football coach Joe Paterno Alum : It 's hard for people to see Paterno 's name in a bad light Abuse group calls for a change in Penn State culture Student says actions of a few can not define entire university
WIRED  -- Passing earwax-tainted earbuds between friends is nobody 's favorite way to share iPod tunes . An integrated speaker in the smaller iPod nano and iPod shuffle models could end that practice for good , and provide opportunity for a host of new iPod possibilities . A newly published Apple patent describes how Apple could add a teeny speaker dome to the clip on the iPod shuffle or iPod nano . It 's a sneaky way to add some extra functionality to Apple 's smallest media players -- all without adding any extra bulk . According to the patent , which was broken down by Patently Apple , the addition of a speaker would be a "  natural evolutionary step for their media players . " The addition of a speaker -- along with Apple 's embrace of the iPod nano as a wrist-worn device and the integration of Nike + exercise software -- would also position Apple well for targeting the same fitness market that 's home to the Motorola Motoactv , NPD analyst Ross Rubin says . Over the past two years , several signs have pointed to one or more iPod lines being discontinued . Indicators include lackluster sales  last quarter , Apple sold 6.6 million iPods , a 27 percent decline from the same period in 2010  , and a dearth of product refreshes for the shuffle and classic models . Nonetheless , Apple continues to support its beloved line of media players . And now it seems new energy may be breathed into the line . CEO Tim Cook said iPod is a "  large and important product " for the company at Apple 's 2011 iPhone event . And Apple recently dropped the prices of its nano and touch iPod models , making them more competitive and more accessible to a wider market . Current iterations of the nano and shuffle have no external speaker , but the larger iPod touch does have one . The iPod nano-like Motoactv , a wearable fitness-tracking music player . Rubin sees the addition of a speaker to , say , an iPod nano as a gateway to a slew of new use-case scenarios . "  One thing it might point to is the nano being used to interface with an iOS device , " Rubin says , much the way the Motoactv can sync with an Android device , and be used to relay the arrival of calls or text messages on its small screen . Rubin says future nanos could be worn on your wrist , displaying social media updates relayed from an iPad stowed away in your backpack or messenger bag . A nano with a small speaker could also feature an audible alarm , making timed work-out tracking all the more convenient -- useful when you want to use Nike + without earbuds . Rubin also points out that you could activate Siri requests using the small screen on your wrist and have answers relayed to you through the speaker . If the speaker only ended up being used as a music playback mechanism , Rubin says , "  It would n't make a radical difference " in how we use or perceive iPods . True , but not needing to share earbuds anymore ? Still a plus . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A patent shows how Apple could add a speaker to the clip on the iPod shuffle or iPod nano Apple CEO Tim Cook said iPod is a "  large and important product " for the company NPD analyst Ross Rubin says future nanos could be worn on wrists with social media updates
CNN  -- In a city known more for hiking trails than fashion runways , photographer Thomas Lea scours the streets for style . "  It 's a fairly remote place , way out in the west , " he said . "  But people in Boise have great taste . " Lea , 65 , relocated to Idaho 's capital from San Francisco in 2005 . Love for a Boise woman -- which eventually turned to marriage -- lured him from the city he admired for diversity and energy . He 'd spend days roaming bustling neighborhoods , snapping photos of San Franciscans in goggles , drag attire and lion headpieces . Now , he lingers around the Capital City Public Market in downtown Boise , aiming his Canon digital SLR camera at pedestrians turned models . "  Boise is slower-paced , more homogenous and less densely populated than San Francisco , and this makes the fashion crowd stand out much more , " Lea said . "  The fashionistas are fewer in number , but they are as creative and fashion savvy as anywhere in the world . " Thus , Boise Style -- Lea 's fashion blog influenced by The Sartorialist and editorial spreads in magazines -- was born . "  Fashion here is fun , above all else , " he said . "  It 's not serious or earth-shaking . It 's a way to get your mind off the world 's problems and focus on something beautiful . " Below , Lea explains Boise style . CNN : What influences style in your city ? Lea : Nestled against the Boise Foothills and along the Boise River is one of the West 's great outdoor playgrounds . Opportunities for skiing , camping , hunting , bicycling and river rafting are all close by and very popular . This outdoor culture heavily influences clothing style , and the norm is very casual , even in downtown Boise . CNN : Describe a popular style . Lea : Comfortable and casual . Outdoorsy . CNN : What different fashion statements do you see ? Lea : I see creative mixes of color , texture and pattern . Unique accessories  often vintage or thrift store finds  are popular . Eye-catching personal styles look better to me than the fashion magazine trends or the latest from our mainstream department stores . Shopping here is pretty much limited to Macy 's , Target , Ann Taylor and other chains . Creative fashionistas go to the thrifts and consignment shops . CNN : What do Boise fashionistas do with thrift store goods ? Lea : I see people get creative . They wake up in the morning and put together something fun . It 's more about self-expression than following any trend . CNN : What makes you stop to take someone 's photo ? Lea : I look for something creative in the outfit or combination of items more than just the latest from off-the-rack style . It 's about personality , feeling good , self-expression . CNN : Do you have any favorite looks ? Lea : I like the mix of tailored with casual -- the latest Ralph Lauren sport coat over worn Levi 's . I really enjoy the resurgence of Americana : Woolrich , Pendleton , vintage work boots from Red Wing . And I like shoes , real shoes : brogues , wingtips and saddle shoes , not running shoes or flip-flops . CNN : One of your collections , "  Market People , " showcases street style in Boise . What can outsiders gather from the photos ? Lea : "  Market People " is a microcosm , slice of life , view of Boise . It is , at least in part , a view of how we look . I intend for my art to be shrewd , revealing , perceptive observations of the everyday . How do people dress in your city ? Submit your favorite looks to iReport for a chance to be featured on CNN.com .	Photographer Thomas Lea scours Boise streets for style He showcases fashion on his blog , BoiseStyle.com Style in Idaho 's capital is largely influenced by outdoor activity
Washington  CNN  -- "  Excited " after a meeting Thursday with Mitt Romney , tea party favorite Sen. Jim DeMint urged fellow Republicans to be realistic and rally around the party 's eventual nominee , making his plea the same day the ex-governor 's chief rival suggested voters would be as well off with President Barack Obama as they would Romney . In addition to fundraising events , Romney was in Washington to hold talks with DeMint as well as legislators from Pennsylvania and Wisconsin , which hold primaries next month . The legislators included House Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan , according to GOP aides . "  I 'm not only comfortable with Romney , I 'm excited about the possibility of him possibly being our nominee , " said DeMint , a well known conservative , claiming he was impressed by Romney but stopping short of giving him a full endorsement . Adding that "  I just think we just need to look at where we are , " DeMint strongly suggested that rival candidates Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich should drop out to end the nomination fight and focus the party 's efforts on defeating Obama in November . "  I just hope at some point they 'll realize whether they can win or not , " DeMint said of Romney 's top opponents . "  If they ca n't , the best thing they can probably do is to help the one who is going to win . " This apparent call for unity contrasted sharply with the message offered Thursday by Santorum , who has been Romney 's foremost challenger in large part thanks to support from conservative voters . The former Pennsylvania senator said in a San Antonio speech that the only way for Republicans to win was "  by giving people the choice ... not someone who is just going to be a little different than the person in there . " "  If we are going to be a little different , we might as well stay with what we have instead of taking a risk in what may be the Etch A Sketch candidate , " Santorum said . He was referring to earlier comments from a top Romney adviser , Eric Fehrnstrom , who said his campaign will "  hit a reset button " to take on Obama in the fall if Romney wins the GOP nomination . He added , "  It 's almost like an Etch A Sketch . You can kind of shake it up , and we start all over again . " Romney quickly blasted Santorum 's remarks , saying in a statement he was "  disappointed to hear that Rick Santorum would rather have Barack Obama as president than a Republican . " "  Any of the Republicans running would be better than President Obama and his record of failure , " he added . In this swift retort , Romney was able to turn the tables on an opponent who , along with Gingrich , had sought to play up Fehnrstom 's Etch A Sketch remarks for a second day . They said the adviser 's remarks bring into question whether Romney will drop his conservative stances , some of which are different from others he 'd taken earlier in his career , in favor of more moderate positions ahead of the general election . On Wednesday , Santorum 's campaign posted a photo on Twitter of the candidate using an Etch A Sketch , saying it showed him "  studying up on  Romney 's  policy positions . " A website unveiled Thursday by the Gingrich campaign features the Fehrnstrom quote above an Etch A Sketch that highlights Romney 's policy shifts when viewers hit a prompt labeled "  shake . " Written on the drawing toy is "  Mitt 's Etch A Sketch Principles . " "  You have this over-and-over process where he 's pro-choice and then he 's not pro-choice ; he 's pro-gun control then he 's an NRA member who hunts varmints , " Gingrich said of Romney at a campaign event Thursday in Houma , Louisiana . " ... If you 're serious about changing Washington , D.C. , you ca n't use an Etch A Sketch . You ca n't have a child 's toy for a president . " On the Tea Party Nation website , blogger Judson Phillips wrote Thursday that the Etch A Sketch image "  is what conservatives have been warning about for months with Romney . " "  He is a liberal . He has no core convictions and as soon as he becomes the nominee , he will move far to the left , " Phillips continued . Romney , who scored the prized endorsement of former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Wednesday , explained the Etch A Sketch remark by saying , "  Organizationally , a general election campaign takes on a different profile . " "  The issues I am running on will be exactly the same , " he said . "  I am running as a conservative Republican . I was a conservative Republican governor . I will be running as a conservative Republican nominee , at that point hopefully , for president . The policies and positions are the same . " The caricature of Romney as a politically motivated flip-flopper extends far beyond the Republican campaign and right-wing blogosphere . In an interview broadcast Thursday on Public Radio International , Obama said Romney was "  pretending " the health care plan he helped institute as governor of Massachusetts differed from the national plan that Democrats in Congress passed two years ago . Santorum and other conservatives have repeatedly attacked Romney over the Massachusetts health care plan , while Romney says he never called for implementing such a program at the federal level . In the radio interview , Obama pointed to similarities between the two plans without mentioning the Republican front-runner by name . "  We designed a program that actually previously had support of Republicans , including the person who may end up being the Republican standard bearer and is now pretending like he came up with something different , " Obama said . This week 's Illinois result gave Romney at least 41 of the 54 delegates at stake in the contest to face off with Obama , increasing his total to 562 , according to CNN 's estimate . Santorum is second with 249 , Gingrich third with 137 and Texas Rep. Ron Paul last with 69 . A total of 1,144 delegates is needed to clinch the GOP nomination . Santorum said he expects to do better in coming primaries and caucuses , including Louisiana on Saturday . The former senator has made a strong showing in traditionally conservative Southern states , winning Alabama and Mississippi a week ago while Romney finished third . "  This is the last chance , in a sense , for the conservative area of the country to plant their flag , and we felt very good about what Alabama and Mississippi did , " Santorum said in an interview Thursday with New Orleans radio station WWL . "  They restarted this race again . " Another Santorum victory in Louisiana would continue the pattern of the race , while a Romney win would signal growing support from the conservative base that he needs to finish off his rivals . Gingrich , who appears increasingly unlikely to mount another comeback after two previous campaign surges , said Thursday he is used to fighting from behind . "  Almost everywhere I 've campaigned , because of the way of the money , we start behind and then we gain ground , " Gingrich told about 100 supporters in Lafayette , Louisiana . CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Kate Bolduan , Paul Courson , Ted Barrett , Shawna Shepherd and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Rick Santorum says "  we might as well stay " with Obama if Romney will be similar NEW : A "  disappointed " Romney says any Republican would be better than Obama Sen. Jim DeMint , an influential conservative , suggests other candidates bow out The Louisiana primary Saturday is the next contest in the Republican presidential race
CNN  Faced with sky-high real estate prices in the Chinese capital , one Beijing man has sacrificed his shoe collection to get a foot on the property ladder . The man , identified only by an English name , Mick , pawned 283 pairs of limited edition Nike Air Jordan sneakers in exchange for a $ 160,000 loan , which he plans to use to cover the down payment for an apartment to share with his new wife , the pawn shop said . Wang Xiaoyu , the vice president of marketing at Beijing World of Pawn Co told CNN that a very small number of the sneakers had been worn but most were in pristine condition , wrapped in their original packaging . It was the first time the company had accepted sports shoes as collateral for a loan and they had to find an expert to evaluate them . He valued the shoes at 2 million yuan  $ 320,390  , but Mick only wanted a loan for 1 million yuan . Mick told local media he started collecting sneakers more than a decade ago when he was 14 years old . An avid basketball fan , he particularly liked watching Michael Jordan matches . One of the most expensive pairs in his collection , valued at 110,000 yuan  $ 17,600  , is a pair featuring the signatures of all the players in the Chicago Bulls team led by Jordan that won the 1993 NBA finals , reports said . Mick said he plans to pay back the loan within two months and reclaim his beloved collection . CNN Beijing Interns Sherry Fei Ju and Harvard Zihao Zhang contributed to this report .	A Chinese man has pawned 283 pairs of limited edition Nike Air Jordan sneakers He plans to use the $ 160,000 loan as a down payment on an apartment He has been collecting Nike Air Jordans since he was 14 years old
London , England  CNN  -- With competition still fierce in the jobs market , some people might be tempted to beef up their resume by buying a fake degree . The problem of fake degrees is nothing new , but the Internet has made it easier than ever to obtain a bogus qualification . George Gollin , a board member of the U.S.-based Council for Higher Education Accreditation , told CNN he estimates that more than 100,000 fake degrees are sold each year in the U.S. alone . Of those , around one third are postgraduate degrees . He added that a bogus degree will typically cost $ 1,000 . By trade , Gollin is a physics professor at the University of Illinois . He first became interested in degree mills after being spammed with offers of fake college degrees . According to a story in Wired Magazine , his interest turned to outrage after he stumbled upon news of a forensic psychologist who had purchased her degree . "  Here 's this person who 's untrained doing therapeutic interventions , " he told Wired . "  I thought , ` Jesus , this is really bad . ' " The institutions that sell these fake qualifications are known as either diploma mills or degree mills . Diploma mills issue fraudulent diplomas supposedly granted by real universities , while degree mills pose as real universities . According to Gollin , setting up a degree mill is simply a matter of creating a Web site that looks like it belongs to a genuine university . The Web site includes a way for customers to pay for their qualifications online and a place for prospective employers to contact to verify the degree is genuine . Some degree mills award degrees on the basis of the buyer 's supposed "  life experience , " while others require a small amount of coursework . One degree mill required about a week 's worth of coursework to earn a masters degree . Gollin said this token coursework is largely for the customers ' benefit -- to help them convince themselves they have earned their qualification . While some people might be duped into believing they are obtaining a legitimate qualification , Gollin said that almost everyone buying from a degree mill knows they are getting a fake . "  Anyone who 's had any contact with a real college curriculum knows how hard you have to work , " Gollin told CNN . "  If you can get a whole PhD over the course of one week and you do n't know that 's not legitimate , then you 're just dumb . " But for some , knowingly buying a fake degree is an easy way of improving their job prospects . "  Generally , fake degrees are usually bought for economic advantage for people who are seeking promotion or seeking to get jobs where the employer wants them to have a degree , " Gollin told CNN . Those people come from all walks of life . Gollin gave the example of one American who bought a Bachelor 's degree in nuclear engineering , and who 's now working in the control room of a nuclear power plant . He also cited a U.S. degree mill that sells fake PhDs to real medical doctors for $ 10,000 , and added that unqualified doctors have been jailed in the U.S. after attempting to practice medicine with a medical degree bought online . According to the story in Wired , Gollin was instrumental in the case brought against a degree mill which operated various bogus universities , including Saint Regis University . The "  Saint Regis " degree mill was estimated to have made $ 7 million from selling fake qualifications to more than some 9,600 customers in 131 countries , according to Wired . In 2008 , the couple behind the Saint Regis degree mill were each jailed for three years . In the U.S. , and other countries , it is illegal to issue what purports to be a university degree without the approval of a government agency . But degree mills are often set up in such a way that makes it very hard to track down the people running the operation . Gollin warned that degree mills are becoming increasingly sophisticated , often carrying official-seeming accreditation that makes them appear to be genuine universities . The catch is that the accreditation is supplied by bogus organizations -- "  accreditation mills . " If it 's difficult for the authorities to keep tabs on the degree mills , it can be even harder for employers to spot if a potential employee has fake qualifications , but Gollin said there are steps that employers can take to guard against fraudsters . Many countries have government-run web sites where you can easily check if a university is officially accredited . But because diploma mills offer fake degrees from real universities , it is essential that employers also check with someone at the university that the degree was actually issued . If someone claims to have an advanced degree for which they should have written a thesis , they should be able to produce a copy of that thesis . If they ca n't provide contact details for their graduate studies advisor , be suspicious . But separating the real from the fake becomes even more complicated if a job candidate has a qualification obtained overseas . Not only can it be hard to verify that a foreign university is genuine , Gollin said there have been cases of professors at real universities in West Africa selling degrees on the side . He added that some legitimate U.S. universities are unwittingly partnering with degree mills that operate abroad . Gollin said , "  This is a very sophisticated problem and I think it will continue to be a concern as international education becomes more significant . "	Degree mills sell bogus qualifications online , often without requiring any study An expert says at least 100,000 fake degrees are sold in the U.S. each year Degree mills can be highly sophisticated and hard for authorities to shut down
CNN  -- Jo-Wilfried Tsonga boosted his Australian Open hopes by overcoming difficult conditions to beat fellow Frenchman Gael Monfils in the final of the Qatar Open on Saturday . The match was delayed by misty conditions , and world No. 6 Tsonga suffered one worrying slip on the greasy hard-court surface before completing a 7-5 6-3 victory in Doha . The 26-year-old claimed the first title of the 2012 ATP Tour season and the eighth of his career , showing the sort of form that took him to the final of the year 's opening grand slam in Melbourne four years ago . He became the third Frenchman to win the event , being played in the Gulf state for the 20th time , and extended his career record over his Davis Cup teammate to 3-1 . Federer and Nadal exit Qatar tournament "  It was difficult . The surface was very slippery especially on the ` Qatar ' sign painted on the court , " Tsonga , who won 16 of the last 19 points , told reporters . "  It was dangerous but they did enough to make it okay . This is a good win for me going into the Australian Open , it 's just amazing . " Tsonga took his place in the final after world No. 3 and three-time defending champion Roger Federer withdrew before their semifinal due to a back problem . Monfils qualified after beating second-ranked Spaniard Rafael Nadal in straight sets . Meanwhile , world No. 4 Andy Murray will take on Ukrainian third seed Alexandr Dolgopolov in Sunday 's Brisbane International final . The top-seeded Briton beat Australian teenager Bernard Tomic 6-3 6-2 on Saturday in his first match under the guidance of his new coach , former world No. 1 Ivan Lendl . Murray , last year 's Australian Open runner-up , reached his 31st career final after eliminating the 42nd-ranked 19-year-old . World No. 15 Dolgopolov defeated French second seed Gilles Simon 6-3 6-4 to reach his third hard-court final and third overall , giving him the chance to win his second title in a clash with a player who has beaten him in both their previous meetings . In India , Serbian top seed Janko Tipsarevic will face Canadian No. 4 Milos Raonic in Sunday 's Chennai Open final . World No. 9 Tipsarevic beat Japanese qualifier Go Soeda 6-1 6-4 to qualify for his eighth singles final , having lost five of those . The 31st-ranked Raonic , named 2011 ATP Newcomer of the Year after winning his first title in San Jose , defeated Spanish second seed Nicolas Almagro 6-4 6-4 to reach his third final .	World No. 6 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga wins all-French final at the Qatar Open on Saturday Tsonga defeats Gael Monfils 7-5 6-3 in match which was delayed by misty weather World No. 4 Andy Murray will take on third seed Alexandr Dolgopolov in Brisbane final Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic faces Canada 's Milos Raonic in Chennai Open title match
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- American soldiers returning from Haiti in the early '20s and '30s came home with arresting tales of voodoo potions , black magic , and living-dead zombies . They published their stories in mass-market pulp novels , which in turn inspired horror movies and eventually made their corporeal way to our supermarket aisles during Halloween . But back in Haiti , zombies are real still . Late last year , just prior to the devastating 7.0 magnitude earthquake that ravaged the country , VBS producer Santiago Stelley-Fernandez , a camera crew , and I headed to Port-au-Prince in search of the undead , known locally as Nzambi . We had investigative forbearers . In 1937 , American folklorist and anthropologist Zora Neale Hurston traveled to Haiti and encountered the case of Felicia Felix-Mentor , a woman who villagers claimed had died in 1907 at the age of 29 but had returned to the living 20 years later . Hurston investigated the rumors and discovered evidence that powerful drugs were used to replicate a death-like state . See the rest of Nzambi at VBS.TV In 1982 , scientist Wade Davis traveled to Port-au-Prince to research the ethnobiological base of the Haitian zombie , procuring the secret poisons used in the procedure and discovering that the undead are far from a folkloric myth , like vampires or werewolves . He concluded that voodoo priests were employing a concoction of tetrodotoxin , a chemical derived from the puffer fish that produces paralysis and can mimic death -- it is 100 times as deadly as cyandide , and something I have a longstanding interest in . After zombification , a mind-controlling drug made from a plant called Datura stramonium was administered to the patient . Despite unlocking the chemical basis of this phenomenon , however , Davis maintained that zombification was not created purely through these poisons , but indeed relied on a tradition of voodoo sorcery hundreds of years old . Thirty years later , and under the guidance of a massive local man who had survived fourteen bullets to the face , I was off to conduct my own zombie investigation . I traveled the countryside , spoke with sorcerers , and collected  and consumed  samples of the legendary poison . I went heavily armed into places that require you to be heavily armed . After months of labor , rigorous chemical analysis of the samples , several incidents that had our entire party mortally afraid , and untold numbers of night visions at the hands of total zombie preoccupation , we 're finally ready to share our findings .	Stories of zombies in Haiti have inspired films , shaped concept of the zombie Wade Davis has studied Haitian zombies , procured poisons said to create them VBS meets Davis , travels to Haiti to conduct its own investigation of phenomenon
Washington  CNN  A huge Obama foreign policy decision , a big immigration question and interesting steps related to Hillary Clinton , John Boehner and Marco Rubio filled an informative Sunday loop around the ` Inside Politics ' table . There 's nothing like a signature hire to quiet those who think you might blink and skip the fight . At issue is Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who remains a single-digit blip in Republican polls . So weak have his early poll showings been that many GOPers to this day say they would not be shocked if he decided not to move from exploratory candidate to official candidate . But a new hire sends a signal . Veteran South Carolina GOP strategist J. Warren Tompkins is signing on to run a pro-Rubio super PAC . That same PAC is in line for seed money from Florida billionaire Norman Braman . Tompkins is a protege of the late GOP Gov. Carroll Campbell and legendary South Carolina strategist Lee Atwater . His hiring is seen as a signal in GOP circles that Rubio is close to launching . For those of us who lived through the Clinton White House years , and especially the Monica Lewinsky scandal , it was interesting to say the least listening to Hillary Clinton a few days ago wax nostalgic about her relationship with Newt Gingrich . And the former House speaker shared similar fond memories in a conversation with Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast . But do n't break into "  Kumbaya " or order the marshmallows . "  He said , if she becomes president , she 'll be a hard worker ; she 'll be pretty practical , " said Kucinich . "  However , he does n't think she 's going to get there because of what 's happening with the Clinton Global Foundation and because of the foreign money . He 's testifying to the Homeland Security Committee next week and he says he 's going to bring up the problem of foreign money in American politics . " It 's been a rough start for the Republican Congress and House Speaker John Boehner . But Boehner sees a chance to get two big-ticket items on their way to passage , and through those debates to get the House back on a more productive track . Robert Costa of The Washington Post shared his reporting on the speaker 's calculations -- including one health care bill where he struck up an alliance with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi . "  There 's two pieces of legislation to really keep an eye on that he wants to muscle through , " said Costa . "  One is the Republican budget : He wants to just get it through the House , get a compromise with the Senate . And the next is the Doc Fix bill , which is how Medicare reimbursements are done for doctors . Boehner wants to solve that long-term and it looks like he is going to have the votes to get it done . " President Obama meets with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani this week , and is open to slowing the withdrawal of U.S. forces . A big change , but with a bigger goal in mind . Julie Pace of The Associated Press shared inside reporting on the administration 's willingness to leave up to 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan for the time being . "  There 's one big reason why the President is going to have some flexibility in the drawdown , and that 's because he 's very focused on one specific aspect of this plan , and that is pulling out all U.S. troops by the end of 2016 , " said Pace . "  That would allow him to make the case at the end of his presidency that he had fulfilled his promise to end the war in Afghanistan . " The always intense political debate over immigration policy heated up last spring during a dramatic surge in the number of young children illegally crossing into the United States . The surge undermined what was already a long shot chance of congressional consensus on immigration reform . NPR 's Steve Inskeep reports that both policymakers and political strategists are watching to see if there is a similar seasonal surge this year . "  Now we 're getting back into the spring season , when it 's a little bit easier to travel , and we 'll see if the numbers go up again , " said Inskeep . "  If they do , of course , we 're going to have another series of news stories about a really sensitive issue that 's been very difficult for either party to solve . "	A signal that Marco Rubio is close to jumping in John Boehner trying to get the House back on track Newt Gingrich on why Hillary Clinton wo n't be president
CNN  -- Researchers in Tanzania have chemically reproduced the stench of smelly feet in an innovative new approach to combat the spread of malaria in the country . The scientific team at Tanzania 's Ifakara Health Institute has developed a potent serum -- similar to that of human foot odor -- to lure and kill mosquitoes , which can carry malaria and other diseases . Four times more powerful in attracting mosquitoes than natural human odor , the synthetic smell is now being used in a pioneering research program aimed at killing mosquitoes outdoors using a "  mosquito landing box . " "  The goal is to eliminate malaria , " said scientific researcher , Fredros Okumu , who is developing the technology . "  We are going to do this by tackling the transmission of disease outside the house . " Mosquitoes are lured inside the boxes by the synthetic odor , which is dispersed by a solar-powered fan . Once inside , the insects are either trapped or poisoned and left to die . "  We know mosquitoes do n't see people , they smell them . " Okumu said . "  Substances we emit when we sweat , such as lactic acid , act as a signal to mosquitoes ... The aim here was to produce a mixture that would mimic a human being . " The result , said Okumu , was a chemical blend that "  smelt just like dirty socks . " "  If you came to our lab when the research was being done , you would have thought that someone had just come off a soccer field , " he admitted . Okumu , who is currently completing a PhD from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , in England , plans to develop the mosquito landing boxes over the next two years , thanks to a $ 775,000 joint grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the not-for profit organization Grand Challenges Canada . "  This is a great example of an African innovator , with an African innovation , tackling an African problem , " said Dr Peter Singer , CEO of Grand Challenges Canada . "  Malaria kills about 800,000 people a year , mostly children , in Africa . At the moment existing technologies , such as bed nets and sprays , tend to repel mosquitoes inside the home . "  This technology attracts mosquitoes outside the home to kill them , and could be complimentary to what is there now , " Singer continued . Working closely with villagers in remote communities where malaria is endemic , Okumu is aiming to produce a practical and sustainable technology that will be easy to run and operate . Okumu is keen to explore further cost-saving measures in order cement the mosquito boxes as part of everyday Tanzanian life . Ideas include using the boxes ' solar-panel technology to supply energy to people 's homes and substituting the costly chemical mosquito lure with actual foot odor collected from specially designed cotton pads placed in people 's socks . "  We hope at the end of the two years we will be able to tell the world this is a good strategy to use and start involving industry and more communities and villages , " said Okumu . The prevalence of malaria in Tanzania has decreased in the last 10 years and Okumu has seen rates in his region dramatically decline from 40 % in 1997 to around 7 % today . "  We are sure that the reduced rates are due to the improved delivery of bed nets , drugs , insecticides and living standards , " said Okumu . "  But malaria is not going to disappear using these existing methods . " Okumu says he hopes to see his boxes used across the region before existing methods become less effective . "  Mosquitoes can modify their behavior quite rapidly to deal with the added deterrents of sprays and bed nets , " he said . "  For example , instead of going into houses to bite people , mosquitoes are now starting to wait to bite people outside , " he said . For Okumu , this is a personal as well as a scientific venture . Born in western Kenya , malaria has been apart of Okumu 's life for as long as he can remember . "  All the places I have lived have been malaria zones . When I was growing up I had malaria at least twice every year , " he said . He continued : "  Malaria has claimed so many lives and diseases like this are one of the biggest blocks to our social and economic development . "	Scientists have chemically reproduced the pungent smell of foot odor The chemical mixture is four times more powerful in attracting mosquitoes than natural odor The synthetic smell is being used in a new initiative to kill mosquitoes in the open air "  The goal is to eliminate malaria " says researcher Fredros Okumu
CNN  -- For Sherrie Muldoon , the credit card debt was $ 46,244 . But the relief she felt after paying it off was priceless . So much so that the Colorado resident and her husband threw a party Saturday for friends and family after mailing off the final check . The event at a community center featured a cake decorated with the debt amount in green icing , CNN television affiliate KUSA reported . The couple had been paying the debt for three years and seven months , Muldoon told CNN , adding that the last payment they made recently was for $ 1,500 . "  When we mailed that last check ... I sat down in the car , I looked over to my husband and I just burst out into tears , " she said . iReport.com : Have you paid off a huge debt lately ? The typical American household with at least one credit card has nearly $ 10,700 in credit card debt , according to CardWeb.com . The average interest rate runs in the mid - to high teens , according to the Web site . Muldoon said the soaring costs of their nine credit cards left them with two options : Either file for bankruptcy or make a drastic lifestyle change . They opted for the latter , she told KUSA . "  We changed everything ... to bare-bones minimum , " Muldoon told CNN . "  Basically , if it was n't essential to support life , we did n't do it . " The Muldoons are part of a national trend in easing off credit card use . Total consumer borrowing fell 3.5 percent in February , from the month before , according to the Federal Reserve . A government report shows the tumble in consumer credit was caused by a sharp decline in credit card use . The ailing economy and controlled spending caused by unemployment have contributed . Muldoon said she found a way to make money by doing extra jobs , including teaching fitness classes at night and cleaning office buildings on the weekends . Watch Muldoon describe how she whittled away at debt " "  Dan says I 'm obsessed . I prefer the term ` focus-driven , ' " Muldoon told KUSA . "  There were times last winter when dinner was white rice and gravy . That was what there was . We were n't starving to death , but I ca n't tell you the last time I had a steak . " Muldoon said the quest to save money extended to the party , which she hosted using items that were either on sale or had been purchased with coupons . No steak was served there , either : She used ham from "  a couple of pigs " she raised last year . Despite the merriment , she had one regret : She had paid full price for the black balloons that adorned the party room . "  I had some anguish over that , " she said . "  But I moved past it fairly quickly . "	Sherrie Muldoon : "  When we mailed that last check ... I just burst out into tears " How did they pay off $ 46,244 in less than four years ? Drastic lifestyle changes She also took extra jobs on weekends , such as cleaning office buildings Even party was on the cheap ; she served ham from a couple of pigs she raised
CNN  -- The 14-year-old victim of Tuesday 's school shooting in Oregon was a sweet kid who sometimes put on a tough front , friends said . Emilio Hoffman was shot in a locker room at Reynolds High School in Troutdale . The motive of the shooter , identified as 15-year-old Jared Padgett , is not known . Padgett died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound elsewhere at the school . There is no known link between Padgett and Hoffman , authorities said Wednesday . Almost as soon as the news spread that Hoffman was the victim , a candlelight vigil was quickly organized . Hundreds of students and parents showed up Tuesday night to remember the teen , who was a standout soccer player . Hoffman 's parents attended . They wept as the mass of people circled around them , trying to comfort them , singing songs of praise and hope . "  Emilio loved his friends , and his friends loved him . To those friends we say -- be happy like Emilio . Smile like him . Laugh like him , " his mother , Jennifer Hoffman , said in a statement . "  To the parents out there -- Love your kids . Hug your kids every day . And live with no regrets . I do n't have any regrets with Emilio . None . And he knew that , " she said . Hoffman had one sister and three brothers , plus a number of foster brothers and sisters . He enjoyed science and history , but loved sports -- especially soccer . "  He was a sweet boy , " friend Savannah Rowe told CNN . "  He acted all cool around his friends , but when you got to know him he was just sweet and always there for you if you needed someone to talk to . " They got to know each other in middle school , and they were in choir together , Rowe said . Hoffman "  did n't deserve what he got , " a close friend , Kaylah Ensign , told CNN affiliate KGW . As soon as the lockdown was lifted , Hoffman was the first person she tried to reach by phone , she said . When she got no answer , she joined Hoffman 's mother , and together they continued their search . It was then that they learned that the young man had been shot dead . "  I wish I could have said goodbye , or told him how much he meant to me , but I know he knows , " Ensign said . Hoffman was the person who could make Ensign smile on her hardest days . "  He 's just so amazing and great , and it really hurts to know that I 'm going to wake up tomorrow and he 's not going to be here , " she said . Student Cody Gleason was close to where the shooting happened , and he heard and watched it unfold . He heard the shots , which he initially mistook for firecrackers , and then saw people running . That morning , he was supposed to see Hoffman in a class where he was his teacher 's assistant . "  He was a great kid , I loved him , " Gleason said . "  He was always respectful to his teachers . He was a great student . " Oregon shooting : ` This is becoming the norm ' -- but will anything change ?	NEW : "  Be happy like Emilio . Smile like him . Laugh like him , " his mother says Emilio Hoffman was killed in the school shooting in Troutdale He was 14 and a standout soccer player Friends remember the sweetness beneath a tough persona
CNN  -- China 's Olympic adventure may be over , but new age chanteuse Sa Dingding is one global export that in many ways echoes the Beijing Olympic fantasy of "  One World . One Dream . " Sa Dingding 's music should find a home on the iPods of millions of chill-out world music fans . Born to a Mongolian mother and Han Chinese father , she sings in Mandarin , Tibetan , Sanskrit , and the rare dialect of Lagu , while fusing chill-out beats and floaty instrumentation played on zither , horse head fiddle and bamboo flute . Already hugely popular in China , she has been finding similar success farther afield : Her first album sold 2 million copies in Southeast Asia , and she has appeared on MTV . Earlier this year she won a BBC Radio 3 World Music Award as well as performing at the Royal Albert Hall in London . Her linguistic skills and musicianship were honed from a young age . Born in Inner Mongolia in 1983 , she spent three years until the age of 6 with her grandmother , living a nomadic life in northern China , where her imagination and creativity were allowed to roam free . "  We actually lived in a small city between grassland and the big city . In spring time , we move to the grassland . And in winter time , we moved back to the city , "  she told CNN 's Talk Asia . "  The whole memory of my childhood is in one word : Play . I just played everywhere on the grassland . And there a lot of interesting things happened which affected the ... life of mine . " Later she became a student of Buddhism and yoga as well as becoming a multi-instrumentalist , releasing her first album at the age of 18 . Melding different musical cultures and ethnic influences , notably Tibetan , has also caused a certain amount of discussion , especially on her own position toward the status of Tibet within China . "  From a musician 's point of view , Tibetan culture and its music can not be seen as an isolated subject ... lots and lots of other ethnicities have added their colors on the Tibetan culture . So I see the Tibetan culture nowadays as an integral part of the greater Chinese culture , " she said . Aiming to avoid controversy , organizers of the Glastonbury festival dropped her from this year 's lineup . "  I do n't quite understand the reason behind -LSB- it -RSB- . To me , art and music really belong to the whole world and they should n't be limited by boundaries . So I really hope that I could join Glastonbury next year , " she said . Until then further explorations in language and music beckon , and there have been recent collaborations with house music DJ Paul Oakenfold and French chill-out duo Deep Forest in Europe . "  It 's very amazing because when I had to return to China , they drove me to the airport and told me : ` Life is full of miracles . When you first arrived here , these three songs did n't exist . But now you 're leaving , and we have three wonderful new songs . ' "	Half-Mongolian , half-Chinese musician mixes ethnic influences with chill-out beats First album sold over 2 million copies in South East Asia Deemed too controversial by Glastonbury Festival and dropped from line-up
A man known as "  Carlos the Jackal " stood trial in Paris on Monday , accused of fatal bombings in France during the 1980s . The 62-year-old , whose real name is Ilich Ramirez Sanchez , was once among the world 's most wanted fugitives . He is on trial for his alleged role in the attacks on two trains , a train station and a newspaper office in France in 1982 and 1983 . The bombings killed 11 and injured more than 100 . The Venezuelan-born revolutionary has been serving a life sentence in France since 1997 , when he was convicted for the shooting deaths of two French secret agents and an informant in 1975 . Ramirez , who was a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine , first made headlines in 1975 when he led an attack on an OPEC meeting in Vienna that took at least 60 hostage , including 11 oil ministers . He was nicknamed "  Carlos the Jackal " by the press , a reference to the principal character and assassin in Frederick Forsyth 's novel "  The Day of the Jackal . " After two decades on the run , Ramirez was captured in 1994 in Sudan and taken to Paris in a sack . Entering court dressed casually in jeans and a navy jacket Monday , Ramirez smiled when asked to identify his profession . "  I am a professional revolutionary , " he replied . Ramirez regularly raised his fist in the air to those sitting in the back of the courtroom who had come to support him . Francis Szpiner , lawyer for some civil parties in the case , said he was not put off by Ramirez 's theatrics . "  I am concerned that 17 years later , we can see that he has n't learned or forgotten a thing . He has not changed a bit , so I expect a difficult trial and the victims will simply have to listen to him with patience and perseverance , " Szpiner said . Ramirez 's lawyer and wife , Isabelle Coutant-Peyre told reporters outside the courtroom that her client was in a "  fighting mood " and that she was ready to prove his innocence . "  Let 's be concrete . Ilich Ramirez Sanchez is not implicated by any evidence , " she said , adding that "  a lie is being prepared for these victims who in turn will never know who was behind the attacks . " A seven-judge terrorism panel will rule after a six week trial .	"  I am a professional revolutionary , " Ramirez says in court After 17 years , Ramirez "  has n't learned " a thing , an attorney says The attacks took place in 1982 and 1983 and killed 11 people Ramirez was captured in 1994 in Sudan after two decades on the run
A leading senator is urging the Supreme Court to "  do the right thing " and uphold the constitutionality of the sweeping health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats . In a floor speech Monday , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , directly addressed Chief Justice John Roberts , urging him in a sharply partisan tone to keep the law , passed in 2010 , in place . "  I trust that he will be a chief justice for all of us and that he has a strong institutional sense of the proper role of the judicial branch , " said Leahy . "  The conservative activism of recent years has not been good for the court . Given the ideological challenge to the Affordable Care Act and the extensive , supportive precedent , it would be extraordinary for the Supreme Court not to defer to Congress in this matter that so clearly affects interstate commerce . " Analysis : In secret , justices to decide on fate of law It is unusual for a member of Congress to tell the high court how it should vote on a case during the weeks that the justices are crafting their opinion . Oral arguments were held in late March , and the court has been quietly working behind the scenes . An opinion is expected by late June . The Vermont Democrat attended the three-day oral arguments at the Supreme Court . Leahy offered tepid praise for Robert 's leadership but was critical of the chief justice 's fellow conservative benchmates . "  I was struck by how little respect some of the justices showed to Congress , and of how dismissive they were of the months of work in hearings and committee actions and debate of amendments and motions and points of order on the Senate and House floors before the measure was enacted . " Leahy was also tough on his GOP colleagues . He pointed out that Republican opponents lost in Congress in 2008 , saying that helped lead to passage of the ACA two years later with the strong backing of Obama . "  Now they want conservative activists on the Supreme Court to intervene and turn their policy disagreements into law by reading them into the Constitution . That is wrong . " The chairman gave no direct indication whether he thought the law was in danger of being overturned by the court , which has 5-4 conservative majority . The high court is certain to have no response to the statements of Leahy or any other lawmaker . The court will next be heard on the health care law when a ruling is issued , the timing of which will not be announced in advance .	Sen. Patrick Leahy is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee He 's urging the Supreme Court to uphold constitutionality of health care reform Leahy on John Roberts : "  I trust that he will be a chief justice for all of us " Supreme Court ruling on Affordable Care Act is expected in late June
Life by DailyBurn  -- Samantha Gattsek 's family has never made a big deal out of holiday celebrations . But this year , she feels especially disconnected from the seasonal cheer surrounding her . "  The holidays can feel like a lonely time of year , and it 's hard to hear about everyone else 's fun plans , " the 29-year-old Manhattanite says . "  I do n't have that warm and fuzzy feeling . " Gattsek ca n't afford the $ 700 plane ticket to visit her boyfriend in Atlanta . Plus , she has to work on Christmas Eve . With nothing much to look forward to , she 's suffered from low energy since Thanksgiving and has a bad case of the holiday blues . DailyBurn : 10 reasons you 're exhausted and what to do about it Why it 's easy to hate the holidays The holidays are supposed to be the happiest time of the year , yet for many , they trigger deep feelings of sadness and anxiety . "  There 's so much emphasis on family and celebration , but it 's hard if you 're dealing with difficult memories or reminders that you 're not close to your family , " says Sharon Melnick , author of "  Success Under Stress : Powerful Tools for Staying Calm , Confident and Productive When the Pressure 's On . " "  It can feel like there 's a big gap between what other people are experiencing and what you 're experiencing . " Add the financial pressure of gift-giving , cold weather and lack of sunlight , and those are prime conditions for a world-class funk . But unlike seasonal affective disorder  SAD  , which is estimated to affect up to 20 % of Americans , it 's unknown how many people suffer from the holiday blahs . DailyBurn : 7 disastrous holiday desserts  and healthier swaps ! "  It 's important not to classify all winter doldrums as SAD , " explains Sarah Eckfeldt , a psychotherapist in New York City . "  Many people experience a drop in mood in anticipation of the holidays because they might be sad over a recent breakup or spending the first holiday after the death of a loved one and could benefit from talking to a therapist . " The good news : Seasonal doldrums tend to fade once the festivities are over  and if they do n't , consider seeking professional help  . In the meantime , here are some tips to help you improve your mood over the next two weeks : DailyBurn : 19 ways to trick yourself into becoming a morning person 1 . Seek social support Meghan Day was seized with sadness earlier this month after decorating her Christmas tree alone . The activity was intended to make her feel better about creating her own holiday traditions ; she had separated from her husband a year earlier . "  It all feels really strange and new . It 's hard not to get in a down place about being alone this time of year , " she says . Since the start of the holiday season , she 's struggled to get out of bed in the morning and has n't felt like going out after work . When the blues strike , who would n't want to hide at home in yoga pants ? Make yourself go out anyway , Eckfeldt advises . "  Hibernation and isolation can feed a depressed mood , " she says . "  Surround yourself with friends , even if you do n't feel like it . Not only are you distracting yourself from your possibly blue thoughts , but being out with others provides you with opportunities for pleasure and joy . " Feeling wary about making small talk ? You can skip those parties , she says . Instead , make plans with small groups of friends . Just having a few events on her calendar to look forward to has helped Day feel more connected to those around her . "  It 's been good to share how I 'm feeling with someone other than my therapist , " she says . She 's also taken the opportunity to explore new things to do that do n't involve pricey dinners or drinks . "  Staying out late drinking is exhausting , and not good for my health . It tends to bring me down more than make me feel better , " she says . On her calendar this month : A Broadway play and a Knicks game . 2 . Get to the gym When Gattsek 's holiday blues set in , she found herself skipping workouts with her running group . But foregoing fitness only deprives you of the exercised-induced endorphins that might help boost your mood . The challenge is getting yourself there when you least feel like it . "  Resist any excuse not to go , " says Eckfeldt . "  Or make a bargain with yourself that you only have to exercise for 10 minutes . Your heart rate will start to rise , and most likely you 'll stick it out longer because you 're already there . " Better yet , plan a workout with a friend so you 're less likely to flake out . Day gravitates to group fitness classes with high-energy music to keep her spirits up . And on days when Gattsek does n't want to run , she opts for a spinning class or trying out the new yoga studios in her neighborhood . 3 . Do n't look at Facebook Even though you know that most people only post their happiest moments on social media , it 's easy to lose perspective and get a serious case of FOMO  fear of missing out  . "  You ca n't compare yourself to others ' highlight reels of their lives , " says Melnick , who advocates that less Instagram is more when you 're in the dumps . Gattsek believes limiting her consumption of Facebook is helpful during the holidays . "  The second I read something that makes me feel jealous , I shut it off , " she says . Reach out to your close friends via phone or text message when you feel like connecting with people . You 'll get more satisfaction hearing updates from people you actually like , rather than tons of people you have n't seen in years . 4 . Reframe your thinking If you feel isolated , it 's important to remember you 're still in charge of your life . "  The way to bring more abundance into your life is to give first , " urges Melnick . "  Find opportunities to volunteer . Meet people . Attend events . " Instead of feeling left out of others ' holiday plans , Gattsek says she 's started thinking of the break as free time to do whatever she wants -- even if that means spending the day in bed with her cats and Netflix . "  I 'm also trying to recognize that it 's a challenging time and that it 's OK to feel overwhelmed and sad , " says Day . Finally , it helps tell yourself that the holidays are just a season that will soon pass . In the meantime , Gattsek tells herself she just has to make it to New Year 's Eve . "  My holiday blues usually last until the stroke of midnight , " she says . "  Then I become optimistic about the coming year . " If you struggle with serious and continuous depressive symptoms , be sure to reach out to a healthcare provider to discuss your condition . For additional information on depression , head to the National Institute of Mental Health .	With an emphasis on family and celebration , some people can feel down Hiding out does n't help ; force yourself to mix and mingle with a small group of friends Avoid Facebook , hit the gym , volunteer and remember you are in charge of you
LONDON , England -- Cocaine-abusing celebrities are glamorizing the use of narcotics and encouraging more young people to use illegal substances , the United Nations drug control agency has warned . Model Kate Moss faced allegations of cocaine use in 2005 but was never charged for over the claims . The annual report from the International Narcotics Control Board warns that treating stars "  leniently " by allowing them to get away with drug crimes undermines faith in the criminal justice system and has a damaging effect on adolescents . "  They get more lenient responses by the judiciary and law enforcement , and that is regrettable , " Professor Hamid Ghodse , a member of the INCB , told the UK 's Press Association Wednesday . "  There should not be any difference between a celebrity who is breaking the law and non-celebrities . "  Not only does it give the wrong messages to young people , who are quite impressionable , but the wider public becomes cynical about the responses to drug offenders , " Ghodse said . Watch Ghodse explain how celebrity offenders are being given an easy ride " Last month , acclaimed singer Amy Winehouse was questioned by police after a video emerged which appeared to show her smoking crack . Last fall she was arrested and fined in Norway for possessing marijuana . Winehouse was due to appear in a Norwegian courtroom to contest the drug charges at the end of February . The hearing was postponed indefinitely , PA said , after the court approved a request from Winehouse 's lawyer . Watch how celebrity drug scandals affect children " Supermodel Kate Moss also faced cocaine-snorting allegations in 2005 . The Crown Prosecution Service later said she would not be charged over the claims . Despite losing modeling contracts in the wake of the revelations , she later won fresh jobs and remains one of the world 's top models . Singer Pete Doherty , the former boyfriend of Moss , also has had a well-publicized drug abuse problem but has so far managed to avoid jail time . Earlier this month he was named by music magazine NME as its Hero of the Year . And Paul McCartney and his late wife Linda were open about their marijuana habit . The former Beatle was arrested for possession in 1980 in Japan . After 10 days in jail , he was released without charges . The report found that Britain , along with Spain and Italy , have some of the highest rates of cocaine abuse in the world . The report also expressed concerns on rising opium production in Afghanistan . E-mail to a friend	U.N. says celebrity drug use encourages adolescent substance abuse Report says leniency towards celebrities hurts criminal justice system Report finds Britain , Italy , Spain have among highest rates of cocaine use
CNNGO  -- Money 's worth nothing , until you spend it . That 's the philosophy behind all extravagant luxury goods , and nothing says "  senseless overspending " like blowing thousands on a place to sleep , shower and store your clothes while you go about your day . For anyone with a few hundred thousand to squander , this is a to-do list . For the rest of us , it 's a ca n't - do , wo n't - do , do n't - even-want-to-do list . 15 . Peninsula Suite , The Peninsula , Hong Kong US$ 10,000 per night A stay at Hong Kong 's grande dame begins at the airport , where you 're picked up by a chauffeur-driven Rolls-Royce , part of The Pen 's signature fleet . Or , if you 're feeling really flash  and flush  , you can arrive by helicopter -- the hotel has two rooftop helipads for their super-rich guests . At more than 371 square meters , The Peninsula suite , on the 26th floor , provides the most stunning vistas over Victoria Harbour , along with a 24-hour butler and chauffeur service , mini-gym and fully equipped kitchen . +85229202888 ; www.peninsula.com 14 . The Sultan 's Suite , iraan Palace Kempinski , Istanbul US$ 15,332 per night Originally built of wood in the 16th century , and eventually the residence of the last Ottoman Sultans , this palace was rebuilt in marble for Sultan Abdlaziz in 1857 . Now a lavish five-star hotel with a guest list that includes Prince Charles , Liz Hurley , Uma Thurman and Giorgio Armani , it has all the trimmings : a gorgeous pool , boat and helicopter service and an amazing breakfast buffet . The Sultan 's Suite overlooking the Bosphorus comes with private butler service , opulent chandeliers , period furniture and fine art . What more could the average oligarch need ? +902123264646 ; www.kempinski.com CNNGo : World 's most expensive cities 13 . Ritz-Carlton Suite , Ritz-Carlton , Moscow US$ 18,000 per night The floor-to-ceiling windows in the Ritz-Carlton Suite frame an unparalleled view of the Kremlin , Red Square , St. Basil 's Cathedral and Christ the Savior Cathedral . With classic Russian Imperial furnishings , the 232-square-meter suite comes with a spacious living room , dining area , library , office , grand piano and heated flooring , perfect for bone-chilling Moscow winters . +7 4952258888 ; www.ritzcarlton.com 12 . Royal Suite , Burj Al Arab , Dubai US$ 18,716 per night There are luxury hotels , and then there 's the Burj Al Arab . Since its 1999 opening , the iconic , sail-shaped Dubai resort has been a benchmark of no-holds-barred extravagance that others have tried and failed to emulate . All of the suites -- the word "  room " does not exist here -- are arranged over two floors and have whirlpool baths , living and dining areas and dedicated butlers . +971 4 301 7777 ; www.jumeirah.com 11 . Royal Suite , Four Seasons Hotel George V , Paris US$ 24,550 per night There are a pair of Royal Suites at Hotel George V. Both have private terraces overlooking the historic art deco fountain of the Three Graces . Stuffed with magnificent French antiques , these vast suites are adorned with 18th - and 19th-century fine art . Crystal chandeliers glitter and huge vases of pale pink roses perfume the air . The master bedrooms have spacious marble bathrooms with steam rooms , sauna and a walk-in dressing rooms . +33 149 52 7000 ; www.fourseasons.com CNNGo : World 's 12 worst tourist traps 10 . Royal Towers Bridge Suite , Atlantis , Bahamas US$ 25,000 per night This 10-room suite with gold sofas , cushions , gilt mirrors and chandeliers is enough to make minimalists break out in hives . This is shameless glamour . The grand foyer dazzles the eye with an elaborate floor made of four kinds of marble . The 15-meter-long living room holds a baby grand piano . The vast entertainment center comes with a full-service bar . Throw in the eye-popping balcony views , and a butler , and this is no ordinary pad . +1 2423633000 ; www.atlantis.com 9 . Ritz-Carlton Suite , Ritz-Carlton , Tokyo US$ 25,050 per night At 120 square meters , the Carlton Suite has many of the usual big suite highlights -- Frette linen sheets , an oversized marble bathroom , huge beds , flat-screen TVs and individual rain shower booths . The clincher is the fact that it tops the tallest skyscrapers in Tokyo and has proposal-worthy views over the Imperial Palace , Roppongi Hills and Mount Fuji . +81 3 3423 8000 ; www.ritzcarlton.com 8 . Villa La Cupola Suite , Westin Excelsior , Rome US$ 30,000 per night For the ultimate in La Dolce Vita , check into the stunning Villa La Cupola suite in Rome 's Westin Excelsior . One of the largest in Europe , the suite is inspired by ancient Rome , with extensive use of marble , stained glass and frescoes . There 's a gorgeous wraparound terrace where you can soak up the sun , a private spa with sauna , whirlpool and steam bath , as well as private cinema . +39 06 47081 ; www.westinrome.com CNNGo : World 's 50 most delicious foods 7 . Presidential Suite , Hotel Cala di Volpe , Sardinia , Italy US$ 32,736 per night Perfect for sun-kissed networking , the Presidential Suite overlooks the sparkling brine of the Costa Smeralda . Billed as one of the most gorgeous suites in the world , this three-bedroom luxury pad stands above the rambling towers and pantile roofs of the luxury Porto Cervo resort . An understated blend of Mediterranean style and sensational bay views , the suite also has its own pool on the private roof terrace , along with a wine cellar and outdoor gym . +39789976111 ; www.luxurycollection.com/caladivolpe 6 . The Royal Villa , Grand Resort Lagonissi , Athens US$ 34,356 per night With a butler , private chef and pianist at your beck and call , there 's little need to lift a finger -- except to sip martinis -- when you stay at this three-bedroomed villa . When you 're feeling more active you can also take advantage of an indoor pool , outdoor heated pool and gym , as well as a steam bath and massage room . There 's also a nearby private marina and beach . +30 22910 76000 ; www.lagonissiresort.gr 5 . Hugh Hefner Sky Villa Palms Resort , Las Vegas US$ 35,487 per night The Hugh Hefner Sky Villa , high in the Palms ' Fantasy Tower , is fitted out with everything Playboy : racy artwork selected by Hef himself , a huge , rotating circular bed and an indoor pool , branded with the Bunny logo , leading to a hair - -- and libido - -- raising cantilevered spa bath high above the Strip . This 836-square-meter , two-bedroom pad also includes an orgy-sized bathtub , bar and poker table and an indoor waterfall . The eye-watering price does n't include breakfast -- or Bunnies . +1 7029427777 ; www.palms.com 4 . Penthouse Suite , Hotel Martinez , Cannes , France US$ 37,500 per night On the Croisette , Hotel Martinez has a Michelin-starred restaurant , piano bar and huge private beach . Decked out in art deco style , you 'll have a sitting room , dining room , two bedrooms , two bathrooms with hammam , shower , spa bath , dressing room and sauna at your disposal , as well as a huge terrace overlooking the Bay of Cannes . +33 4 92 98 73 00 ; www.hotel-martinez.com 3 . Ty Warner Penthouse Suite , Four Seasons Hotel , New York US$ 41,836 per night This 400-square-meter penthouse tops the entire top floor of this magnificent hotel , offering a 360-degree view of the Manhattan skyline . The nine-room suite is the brainchild of designer Peter Marino , architect IM Pei and the hotel 's owner Ty Warner  the billionaire creator of the Beanie Babies  . It sports fabrics woven with platinum and gold , an indoor-outdoor Zen garden , a stupendous chandelier , the services of a personal butler , personal trainer/therapist and private chauffeur . +1 758 5700 ; www.fourseasons.com/newyorkfs 2 . The Presidential Suite , The Raj Palace Hotel , Jaipur , India US$ 45,000 per night This positively palatial suite was a former Maharaja 's residence . At nearly 1,500 square meters , the suite is one of the biggest in Asia , and comprises a four-floor apartment lavishly decorated in gold leaf , stucco , ivory and mirror work . With a private roof terrace and swimming pool offering panoramic views of the pink city of Jaipur , and its own private museum , there seems little reason to leave . + 911412634077 ; www.rajpalace.com 1 . Royal Penthouse Suite , Hotel President Wilson , Geneva US$ 65,000 per night For the security-conscious , or the merely paranoid , there 's nowhere better to stay than the Royal Penthouse Suite at the Hotel President Wilson Hotel , which has panoramic views of Lake Geneva and Mont Blanc . With bulletproof doors and windows , it 's the perfect safehouse for visiting heads of state , or privacy-conscious celebs . Taking up the entire top floor of the hotel , the suite has its own private elevator to whisk guests to an apartment with 12 rooms , which hold a Steinway grand piano , billiard room , library and private fitness center . +41229066666 ; www.hotelpwilson.com  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	You can arrive by helicopter at The Peninsula in Hong Kong Atlantis has 10-room suites with gold sofas , cushions , gilt mirrors and chandeliers The Royal Penthouse Suite at the Hotel President Wilson Hotel is $ 65,0000 a night
CNN  -- Queen Latifah has been on the hip-hop scene for so long that she has seen artists come and go and trends change . Queen Latifah remains one of the few female rap artists who garner attention in the music industry . But there has been one development that she said has disappointed her tremendously -- the lack of female rap stars . "  There are not enough female rappers out there right now , " she said . "  The voice of the female is not strong enough in the game at all right now . It 's almost nonexistent . " While artists like Beyonce , Ciara and Rihanna have thrived in R&B and pop , high-profile success for female rap artists has been more elusive in recent years . From the beginning hip-hop has been viewed as a man 's world , and discussions of sexism and inequality within the genre have come up often . In fact , many times such disrespect was the subject of the female rappers ' tracks . Today , with the music industry struggling , there is a particular dearth of female rap artists taking center stage . It was a different hip-hop landscape when Queen Latifah first burst on the scene in the late 1980s . The all-female rap crew Salt-N-Pepa  whose DJ was also a woman  scored some hits . The arrival of Queen Latifah helped usher in artists such as Monie Love . Rapper MC Lyte was a teenager when she emerged , along with Queen Latifah , as one of the genre 's first female superstars . Check out some of the more successful female hip-hop artists " MC Lyte said the music industry is so focused these days on the bottom line that there is little emphasis on cultivating female talent . "  When you have this major business that has been kind of taken over by corporate hands , it 's like , how necessary is the black woman 's perspective ? " she said . "  Not unless she is talking about being that kingpin 's main girl and she 's wearing next to nothing and she 's talking about nothing that is really going to nurture the people the way we are known innately as black women being able to do , there 's really no space for that type . " Alonzo Williams agrees . A founding member of the West Coast rap group the World Class Wrecking Crew , which also featured Dr. Dre of the group N.W.A. , Williams said many female rappers are finding it hard to navigate today 's industry . "  It 's a lot of women trying to get into it , but most young women do n't know what direction to take , " Williams said . "  They do n't know whether to be a gun moll for a gangster or a mother and they are confused as to what role they should take . " Artists like Queen Latifah and MC Lyte have served as role models to rappers that came after them , Williams said . Having successful women in the industry also allowed for the rise of artists like Lil ' Kim and Foxy Brown , who express their sexuality with hardcore lyrics . But all of the dialogue about misogyny in rap , coupled with music executives ' hesitancy to spend money grooming new artists , has left some female rappers floundering , he said . "  It can be hard for women to find an image that is street-marketable as well as radio-marketable , " Williams said . "  For the most part , men can get away with a whole lot more because of the double standard that exists among the sexes , and so it 's difficult for women to find a niche . " Not that the talent is n't out there . MC Lyte said she has encountered several accomplished female lyricists on the Internet and through her work with Hip Hop Sisters , a network she founded . And to help women gain more exposure in the industry , Queen Latifah is going to the grass roots , as she returns to her musical roots . Her new album , "  Persona , " marks her return to rap after having focused on her singing career for the past few years . Latifah , along with CoverGirl , for which she serves as a spokesperson , is sponsoring a contest titled "  Ignite Your Persona . " Contestants can submit brief videos of themselves rapping , singing , dancing and/or performing as well as a short essay . A finalist from each city along her tour will be selected to open for her , Queen Latifah said . "  Hopefully I will be able to discover some new talent that I can bring to the forefront , " she said . "  I feel like I have been so fortunate with hip-hop providing a door for the many opportunities I have had , and I want to give that to other women . Because when there are not enough females -LSB- in the industry -RSB- , the balance is off . "	Female rappers finding it difficult to break through in music industry In recent years few successful female artists have emerged in hip hop Rapper MC Lyte says business model does n't support cultivation of talent Queen Latifah using new album launch to discover new artists
Malaysia 's highest court has rejected a challenge from the Catholic Church seeking to overturn a ban on non-Muslims using the word "  Allah " to refer to God . But after the Federal Court announced its verdict on Monday , the government released a statement saying that the ruling would only apply to the Church 's newspaper , which has been at the center of the court battle since Malaysian authorities ordered the publication to cease using the Arabic word in 2007 . Malaysian Christians will still be able to use the word "  Allah " in church , the government 's statement said . "  Malaysia is a multi-faith country and it is important that we manage our differences peacefully , in accordance with the rule of law and through dialogue , mutual respect and compromise , " the statement said . Confusion The conflicting interpretations of the ban have only added confusion to a debate that has inflamed religious tensions in the Muslim-majority country in recent years . The editor of the the newspaper , the Herald , said it remains unclear what the implications of the court 's verdict would be for the Christian community . "  We are in limbo , " Father Lawrence Andrew told CNN . But the chairman of the Christian Federation of Malaysia , Reverend Eu Hong Seng , said in a statement that Christians will continue to use the word "  Allah " in bibles and during church gatherings . The dispute began in 2007 when the Malaysian Ministry of Home Affairs , which grants publishing licenses , threatened to withdraw the Herald 's permit for using the Arabic word in its Malay-language edition , on the grounds of national security and public order . Malaysian authorities say non-Muslim literature that contains the word could confuse Muslims and cause them to convert away from Islam , which is a crime in many parts of the country . Christian leaders argue that the word "  Allah " predates Islam , and has long been used in Malay-language bibles and other texts to refer to God . Anti-Christian violence The dispute has sparked violence in recent years against Malaysia 's Christian community , which accounts for around 9 % of the country 's population of 29 million , while more than 60 % are Muslim . A series of fire bomb attacks were carried out on places of worship after a court ruled in 2009 that the Church had a constitutional right to refer to God as "  Allah " in the Herald . But an appeals court reinstated the ban in October 2013 . Three months later , arsonists set fire to a church in Kuala Lumpur , and Islamic authorities confiscated hundreds of bibles containing the word "  Allah " from a Christian organization in the state of Selangor . On Monday , a panel of judges at the Federal Court in Putrajaya ruled 4 to 3 that the word was not an integral part of the Christian faith , upholding the decision of the appeals court . Outside the building , hundreds of Muslim activists celebrated the verdict , shouting "  Allahuakbar "  God is great  . "  We thank Allah because the court 's decision has favored us this time . We hope that this is no longer an issue in the peninsular , which does not allow others  to use  the term , " the head of Perkasa , a conservative Muslim rights group , told reporters . Father Andrew from the Herald said the Church was looking into ways to challenge the ban . "  We need to fight this case to end , because we have to fight for justice when justice is derided or denied , " he said . "  We have a moral obligation to champion the cause of minorities . We have a responsibility to uphold religious freedom . " Politics It 's likely that the ban is politically motivated , according to William Case , a political scientist with the City University of Hong Kong 's Department of Asian and International Studies . Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak is a reformist to some extent , says Case , but his party failed to win a majority in the last election and he needs to recapture the support of the country 's ethnic Malay , and mostly Muslim , community . However , it 's too soon to tell how the Malaysian government will implement the ban in practice , he says . "  This is the kind of ambiguity you would expect , because it 's a very complex and tense set of circumstances . You might have the judiciary saying one thing , the cabinet saying another -- meanwhile pressure is mounting from the many Muslim groups involved who bring tremendous mass-based support , and on the other side from Christian groups . " The ruling may lead to further attacks on churches , Case warned . "  We do know that Malaysia has become more and more polarized in recent years on ethnic , and increasingly religious , grounds -- and that 's becoming more and more severe . " But while the latest court ruling is distressing , Case says verbal threats against religious groups in Malaysia seldom translate into the kind of violence seen in neighboring countries , like Indonesia . "  We do n't see extrajudicial killings , religious-inspired violence and abductions , and that distinguishes Malaysia in the region . " In 2013 : Christian churches in Borneo vow to continue using the word ` Allah ' Sudanese Christian woman rearrested , legal team says	Malaysia 's top court dismisses bid to overturn ban on Christians using Arabic word for God Confusion over ruling as government says ban only applies to Church 's newspaper Muslims say use of "  Allah " in non-Muslim texts could cause Muslims to convert Church says it will continue to fight the ruling
CNN  -- Soccer player Fabrice Muamba has made an emotional first return to the ground where he suffered a career-ending heart seizure in March . The 24-year-old wiped away tears after being allowed to address the fans at Tottenham 's White Hart Lane during the English team 's European match on Thursday . At halftime , Muamba came onto the same pitch where he collapsed while playing for his former club Bolton eight months ago -- his heart stopped for 78 minutes but he was resuscitated and later made a remarkable recovery in hospital . However , the Zaire-born England under-21 international was unable to resume his playing career and he officially quit the game in August . "  I ca n't express ... All I can say is thanks to the Tottenham fans for the way they reacted , " said Muamba , who had earlier been at London 's O2 Arena to watch tennis star Roger Federer in action . "  There are people out there who prayed for me . I want to thank the chairman , and to all the Spurs fans . I am grateful to them . They are awesome fans . "  Today I wanted to visit that place one more time for closure . " Before Thursday 's Europa League match against Maribor , Tottenham 's website hailed Muamba as an "  inspiration " and referred to his work with the "  Hearts & Goals " campaign -- which aims to give communities across the UK access to 500 new defibrillators , as well as training . "  Amazing day at WHL tonight . Thank you guys for everythings spurs fans tonight were awesome . Thank you , " Muamba wrote on Twitter -- the web platform where his then fiancee and now wife Shauna kept fans around the world updated about his recovery . "  So proud of my husband @fmuamba for his fighting spirit and courage . Also proud of the humanity in the UK the support has been amazing , " she wrote on Thursday after the match . He earlier revealed : "  Off to white hart lane , for the first time the incident happen . I am so nervous is unreal . Hope spurs win tonight . " Muamba got his wish , as Tottenham beat Slovenian side Maribor 3-1 to bounce back from two Premier League defeats and boost the club 's hopes of progressing in the second-tier European competition . Muamba 's longtime friend , England international striker Jermain Defoe , scored all three goals for Tottenham to put the club second in Group J behind Italian side Lazio -- which also won , 3-0 against Greece 's Panathinaikos . Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas was not in charge when Muamba collapsed , but he welcomed the former Birmingham and Arsenal player in his prematch program notes . "  What happened to Fabrice at this stadium eight months ago has obviously changed his life forever , " Villas-Boas wrote . "  Everyone in the game and the wider footballing world was delighted to see him make a full recovery . We are thrilled to have him here tonight and I would like to wish him the very best for the future . "	Fabrice Muamba receives standing ovation as he returns to White Hart Lane for first time Muamba collapsed at the London soccer stadium during a match in March His heart stopped for 78 minutes , but he was saved by a cardiologist from the crowd Muamba is raising awareness for heart problems since being forced to retire
CNN  -- It was once the place Greeks flocked to when leaving for pastures new . Now , the site of the old Hellinikon Airport in the south of Athens could be set to bring in billions of dollars worth of international investment to the debt-stricken nation . The Greek government hopes the sale of its stake in Hellinikon SA  the operating company established in 2011 to develop the property  to a private investor will help ease its financial difficulties as well as lead to the development of thousands of new homes , leisure facilities and commercial space . Greece is in the process of shedding state-owned assets as dictated by the conditions of its IMF , European Commission and European Central Bank bailout . See also : Regal apartments transform Thai capital A missing Olympic legacy The sprawling 64 million square foot plot ceased to operate as city 's main airport in 2001 when it was shuttered and replaced by Athens International to the east of the city . When the 2004 Olympics came to Athens , a section of Hellinikon was redeveloped so it could host five of the Games ' events . New venues were constructed for baseball , softball , canoeing , kayaking and field hockey . Yet the stadiums and the vast majority of the site have lain dormant ever since , a barren wasteland testament to a lack of legacy planning . Today , weeds grow where sporting champions were once crowned and stray dogs roam where hulking jumbo jets took-off . The Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund  HRDAF  hope a buyer for the site will be announced in the coming weeks after the number of bidders was whittled down to three from an original nine last year . The final bidders are Israeli developer Elbit Cochin Island Ltd , Athens-based Lamda Development SA and British firm London & Regional Properties , HRDAF CEO Ioannis Emiris confirmed to CNN . Each will likely have their own visions for the site but if sale and development proceeds as planned , Hellinikon could quickly become one of Europe 's largest construction projects , covering an area roughly twice as big as New York 's Central Park . See also : Visit London 's insane luxury basements Emiris also points to reports that estimate the project will create around 35,000 construction jobs alone over the next 10 years and add as much as 1.2 % to Greece 's GDP between now and 2016 . An alternative plan Some believe there are more effective ways to make Hellinikon productive for both public and private sector in the long term . Urban planner and former CEO of Hellinikon SA , Spiro Pollalis , told CNN that putting all 64 million square foot up for sale in one go is too much for one developer to digest . He suggests spreading the risk and selling to numerous separate investors instead and developing the site in phases . Others , meanwhile , fret about what the larger issue of selling off state assets will do to Greece in the medium to long term . The privatization drive has so far failed to bring in the amounts advocates of the process had previously advertised . See also : Could world 's tallest building topple China ? Supporters of the reform drive , however , point to deals on state-owned real estate such as those for the Astir hotel , which recently sold for more than originally expected . An Arab-Turkish consortium agreed to pay $ 660 million to purchase the Greek state 's share in the resort . The sum invested represents 200 times the Astir 's earnings of just over $ 3 million last year . According to Petros Christodoulou , one of the bankers who put the Astir sale together , credit for the transaction has to go to the incumbent administration of prime minister , Antonis Samaras . "  The government is making every effort to cut red tape , " Christodoulou said . "  The prime minister said we used to have red tape for international investors now we have red carpet . I think this  deal  is the first manifestation of this . " Many in Greece feeling the harsh effects of austerity , rising political extremism on the right and left as well as a high unemployment rate  which at 28 % is the highest in Europe , according to Eurostat  will disagree with the positivity of this analysis . Whether the Hellinikon sale goes to plan and brings in as much income as expected , however , will help determine whether Greece 's long term privatization plans are on track or if claims the country is selling the family jewels for less than their true worth are justified .	Greek state hopes to sell its stake in the site of the old Athens airport to private developers The vast plot of land is expected to host new commercial and residential space Proponents say Hellinikon could create 35,000 new jobs in construction alone Others warn against selling off state assets to private developers on the cheap
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's best-known judge , Baltasar Garzon , went on trial Tuesday in Madrid for the second time in two weeks , accused of abusing his judicial authority during his investigation of human rights abuses under the former dictatorship of Spain 's Francisco Franco . A seven-judge panel at Spain 's Supreme Court is hearing the case , a week after a different seven-judge panel at the same court conducted the first trial against Garzon , for allegedly abusing his judicial authority in a financial corruption case . Garzon , 56 , was suspended from his post in 2010 , pending these trials . If convicted , he would not go to jail but could lose his right permanently to be a judge in Spain . Many observers said the second trial is the most important against Garzon , who became known internationally in 1998 when he sought the extradition of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , who was in a London hospital . Garzon accused him of the murder of Spaniards in Chile and crimes of genocide . Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch said the trial against Garzon for his Franco investigation "  is the first time in a consolidated democracy " and in the European Union that a judge "  is indicted for investigating human rights abuses . " "  Garzon is being tried for trying to apply in Spain the same principles he applied internationally . A democracy needs judges who are n't afraid , " Brody told a news conference in Madrid on Monday , flanked by other international observers who are attending the trial . In both cases , state prosecutors have asked that all charges be dropped . But under Spanish law , a private prosecution is also allowed and it is the lawyers for these parties that are pressing the charges against Garzon . Last week 's trial in the so-called Gurtel financial and political corruption case lasted three days and the seven-judge panel must now determine a verdict . In the case Tuesday involving the Franco regime , a small civil servants union called Manos Limpias , or Clean Hands , brought charges against Garzon , saying he ignored a 1977 amnesty law approved in Spanish parliament , two years after Franco 's death . "  Parliament unanimously approved the amnesty law . Judge Baltasar Garzon takes a stance as if they 're crazy . What does he think ? That he 's better than them ? " said Miguel Bernard , leader of Manos Limpias . Bernard denies critics ' charges that his group is a tiny far-right front , but he told CNN he was proud to receive an honor just last month from the Francisco Franco Foundation . Garzon said in May 2010 , at the time of his suspension from his post as investigating magistrate at the National Court , "  I face this calmly , with the tranquility of knowing that I am innocent of these charges . " Franco 's military uprising in 1936 triggered the three-year Spanish Civil War . The war ended when Franco 's forces emerged victorious over Republican and leftist fighters . Franco 's dictatorship continued until his death in 1975 . Mass graves from the regime are still being unearthed . Just outside the courtroom on Tuesday before the proceedings began , Garzon told CNN he is "  okay " as he heads into this second trial . He talked with his lawyers and supporters , smiled broadly and appeared relaxed . Outside the courthouse , several hundred people demonstrated in favor of Garzon , a far larger crowd than at the start of last week 's trial . Inside the ornate 18th-century Supreme Court building , various people , still looking for the remains of their relatives in mass graves from the Franco regime , filed into the courtroom , right next to Bernard of Manos Limpias . But the two opposing groups apparently did not recognize each other , and there were no apparent verbal exchanges . The trial opened with preliminary issues , in which Garzon 's defense lawyer called for the case to be thrown out . Among the questions was whether a case like this could go forward when not the state prosecutor but only a private prosecution is bringing the charges . In the financial corruption case that Garzon was investigating , and which still has ongoing trials against defendants in various parts of Spain , Garzon ordered electronic surveillance against some defendants being held in jail , and some of their conversations were with their lawyers . These lawyers later filed charges against Garzon , saying he had overstepped his judicial authority in ordering the wiretaps on their conversations in prison and also violated their constitutional rights . During the trial , Garzon said his orders did not breach their attorney-client privilege and that the electronic surveillance was supported by prosecutors . It was done , Garzon said , on suspicion that the defendants in the corruption scandal were engaged in money laundering , even while they were in preventative prison . Lawyers for the financial corruption defendants called on the court to clearly delimit how far a judge could go in investigating alleged crimes . Garzon spent 22 years as an investigating magistrate at the National Court , which handles cases of terrorism and other delicate cases . He has investigated the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , the Basque terrorist group ETA , and drug traffickers . At times in the past , Garzon has been considered a darling of the Spanish right or the Spanish left , depending on the cases he was investigating . His critics say he is too flamboyant and grandstands in front of the cameras . Since his suspension in 2010 , Garzon has been working as a legal adviser outside of Spain on human rights cases and judicial issues , including in Latin America . A third case against Garzon , for alleged judicial improprieties linked to his organization of some courses at New York University that had major Spanish corporations as sponsors , is still in the investigation phase and no trial date has been set . In that case as well , Spanish prosecutors have not pressed charges but a private prosecution has .	Spain 's best-known judge is on trial for the second time in two weeks A judges ' panel has yet to rule after last week 's trial Baltasar Garzon is accused of abusing his judicial authority The second trial is thought by many to be more important
LONDON , England  CNN  -- More than six hundred workers at Total 's Lindsey oil refinery in Northern England have been told they no longer have jobs after staging what the company calls an "  unofficial , illegal walk out . " Protesters gathered outside Total 's Lindsey oil refinery on Friday , June 19 , after hundreds of striking workers were sacked . The steel workers started striking last Thursday after one contractor axed 51 jobs while another employer on the same site was recruiting . Protesters gathered outside Total 's Lindsey oil refinery Friday with placards calling for solidarity from fellow workers . The dispute has prompted a number of wildcat strikes at power stations and oil refineries around the United Kingdom . The workers ' union GMB , which represents around half of the sacked workers , estimates that , as of late yesterday , up to 4,000 other workers at four power stations and three oil refineries had walked off the job in sympathy . Early this afternoon , Total confirmed that negotiations had started between the workers ' employers and ACAS , the British Advisory , Conciliation and Arbitration Service . Earlier , in a statement posted on its Web site , Total announced that its contractors had started the process of ending employment contracts for 647 workers on the HDS-3 construction project . The statement said the project has been temporarily shut down and that all employees had until 5pm on Monday to reapply for their jobs . Phil Davies , national secretary and head of the manufacturing section at the GMB Union , told CNN the invitation to a job interview would only stoke workers ' anger . "  I think that would just humiliate people to be quite honest and it will put their backs up and make them more determined to win it , " he said . He said union representatives were in the process of gathering information to hold an official industrial ballot , a process that could take six weeks . The British Press Association published one sacked Lindsey worker 's appeal for support from fellow union members : "  We are asking for support from workers across the country which I am sure will be given . Total will soon realize they have unleashed a monster . " Workers at the Lindsey oil refinery walked off the job for more than one week in early February to protest against the hiring of hundreds of foreign workers . They returned to work after the unions and the company gave assurances that half the jobs would go to British workers .	NEW : Total says the workers ' employers and ACAS are in negotiations Hundreds of striking workers at Total oil refinery told to reapply for their jobs Dispute started after 51 workers were axed , while another company was hiring Strike prompted walk outs at four power stations , three refineries in the UK
CNN  -- The European Commission is looking into France 's expulsion of more than 8,000 ethnic Roma , commonly referred to as gypsies , the commission 's president told CNN Tuesday . "  The European Commission , working with the French authorities , is now making an independent assessment " of the situation , Jose Manuel Barroso said on CNN 's "  Quest Means Business . " Recent raids against camps in Lyon , France , and other cities forced out a total of 8,300 Romanian and Bulgarian nationals of Roma origin . Close to 10,000 were expelled in 2009 . Barroso said in his first state of the union speech on Tuesday that governments "  must respect human rights . " That was n't specifically aimed at France , he told CNN , though he noted that France is in the middle of a "  very politicized debate . " "  I do not want to interfere in that debate , " he said , but he added that the commission is investigating how France is implementing European law . The European Commission is the executive arm of the European Union . "  In Europe there is no room for discrimination , " Barroso said . "  That 's why we are going to make these independent assessments with the French authorities and with the other countries , because , in fact , the Roma issue is a general problem . "  We have to be sure that the European directives are properly transposed and implemented in all the European member states , " he said . Roma are a group of people who live mainly in southern and eastern Europe , often in poverty . They tend to live in camps , caravans , or informal settlements and have been the target of persecution throughout history . The expulsions from France followed proposals from President Nicolas Sarkozy officially aimed at fighting crime . The proposals include stripping French citizenship from immigrants convicted of certain crimes . Immigration policy has long been a top issue for the conservative Sarkozy . As interior minister , he advocated the deportation of foreign nationals caught in violent riots across France in 2005 . But the recent crackdowns have spawned criticism even within Sarkozy 's government . Local media reported that Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said he was shocked by the president 's anti-crime proposals . Last month 's ousting of Roma gypsies without valid identity papers drew international criticism , with some comparing it to the deportation of Jews during World War II . The government called the comparison absurd since those being expelled were being sent back to their homelands with financial compensation of 300 euros  $ 381  per adult and 100 euros  $ 127  per child , according to France 's immigration ministry . French officials have said the deportations are part of a broader crackdown on illegal immigration . CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	The European Commission is investigating France 's action , its head says Barroso : There is no room for discrimination in Europe France says it is trying to crack down on crime Roma , or gypsies , have faced prejudice for generations
CNN  -- Happy Taylor Swift album release day ! It may not be your thing , but the legions of the Swifties have been eagerly awaiting "  1989 . " Some of them downloaded a track of silence just to get their TS fix . With her first purely pop album , Swift is winning raves . Billboard 's Jem Aswad declared the album "  Swift 's best work -- a sophisticated pop tour de force that deserves to be as popular commercially as with Robyn-worshipping bloggers ; an album that finds Swift meeting Katy  Perry  and Miley  Cyrus  and Pink on their home turf and staring them down . " "  1989 " is being closely watched to see whether it can help pull the music industry out of its slump : No single artist has been able to pull off a platinum album this year . Rolling Stone 's Rob Sheffield writes in his review that "  Swift has already written enough great songs for two or three careers . ` Red , ' from 2012 , was her ` Purple Rain , ' a sprawling I-am-the-cosmos epic with disco banjos and piano ballads and dubstep drops . "  Deeply weird , feverishly emotional , wildly enthusiastic , ' 1989 ' sounds exactly like Taylor Swift , even when it sounds like nothing she 's ever tried before , " Sheffield adds . "  And yes , she takes it to extremes . Are you surprised ? This is Taylor Swift , remember ? Extremes are where she starts out . " Swift also has some high-profile fans . A video of superstar Kelly Clarkson covering the new album 's first single , "  Shake It Off , " in concert was posted on YouTube over the weekend . "  Seriously , everyone gives Taylor a hard time , but she can write a hook , " Clarkson said . "  I 'm just saying . "	Swift 's new album is out Monday Billboard declared it her "  best work " Kelly Clarkson covered "  Shake It Off " at her concert
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Blasts of heavy machine-gun fire and explosions from airstrikes filled the air in Gaza early Sunday morning , hours after Israel rolled thousands of troops into the Palestinian territory . Israeli soldiers on the Israeli-Gaza border wait to enter Gaza on Saturday night . At least four Palestinians have been killed as a direct result of the ground assault , Palestinian medical sources said , bringing the death toll in Gaza to 460 since the conflict erupted December 27 . The ground assault followed a weeklong campaign of airstrikes in what Israel says is an offensive to halt rocket attacks from Hamas militants in Gaza . "  We want to create a situation where the civilian population in southern Israel is no longer on the receiving end of those deadly Hamas rockets , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN . "  We have n't articulated regime change as the goal of this operation . Our goal is to protect our people , " Regev said . Israeli officials say four people have been killed and 59 wounded in Hamas rocket attacks in the past week . As night fell on the eighth day of the bloody conflict , both sides remained defiant , vowing to stand their ground and accusing the other of breaking a cease-fire that had been in place until last month . Watch the conflict unfold on both sides " Not long after Israel 's ground incursion began , Hamas vowed to "  fight until the last breath " and warned Israel that "  Gaza will be your cemetery . " As the ground attack began , Hamas rockets continued to fly into southern Israel , with CNN reporters at the Israel-Gaza border seeing and hearing several of them . "  We will not abandon the battlefield , and we will stay on the thorny course , and we will fight until the last breath , " Hamas chief spokesman Ismail Radwan said in a statement on Palestinian network Al-Aqsa . Watch statement from Hamas " The Israeli ground attack deepened a humanitarian crisis in Gaza that has been decried by international observers , including the United Nations . On Saturday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , a spokesman said . View reactions from world leaders " The spokesman said Ban "  is convinced and alarmed that this escalation will inevitably increase the already heavy suffering of the affected civilian populations , " according to a statement . Electricity , food and medical shortages already were a problem in the densely populated territory , concerns ramped up by the airstrikes . Taghreed El-Khodary , a New York Times writer in Gaza City , said that there was no electricity there Saturday and that she said she did n't know of any shelters set up by Hamas for residents . Watch Times writer describe the humanitarian crisis in Gaza " Regev said Gaza 's civilian population was not Israel 's enemy . "  In many ways , they are victims like us . Both the civilian population of southern Israel and the civilian population of the Gaza Strip have been victims of this terrible , extremist Hamas regime , " Regev said . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour interview Regev " An Israeli airstrike hit a mosque in the northern Gaza village of Beit Lahiya on Saturday evening , killing 13 people and wounding 60 , according to Palestinian medical sources . Watch the chaos after the mosque attack " An Israeli attack earlier Saturday killed Azkariah al-Jamal , commander of Gaza City 's rocket-launching squads , Palestinian and Israel Defense Forces sources said . Another airstrike killed two Hamas militants in Khan Yunis , in southern Gaza , Palestinian officials said . Israeli missiles hit 25 Hamas "  outposts , training camps and rocket launching sites " Saturday morning , an IDF statement said . Watch explosions in Gaza " The houses of two alleged Hamas terrorist operatives were also hit , the IDF said . One was the home of Azadin Hadad , described as the head of the Hamas military group in eastern Gaza City . The other , in Beit Lahiya , was used to store rocket-launching equipment and was the home of Ismail Renam , who "  has a central role in the launching of Grad-type rockets against Israel , " the IDF said . Meanwhile , Hamas militants launched 20 rockets from Gaza into Israel by late afternoon Saturday , IDF spokeswoman Maj. Avital Leibovich said . Rockets set a house on fire in Ashkelon , damaged a kibbutz dining hall and slightly wounded two people in an eight-story building in Ashdod , according to Israeli ambulance services . "  We still see that Hamas is targeting Israeli civilians . Namely , we still did not reach the goal of crippling Hamas ' launching capabilities , " Leibovich said . CNN 's Barbara Starr said top U.S. military leaders were aware in advance of Israel 's plans to enter Gaza . The incursion began just hours after the European Union announced that a delegation is heading to the Middle East to meet with regional leaders and broker a cease-fire . A Middle East "  Quartet " consisting of the European Union , the United States , the United Nations and Russia is also trying to broker a truce . Hamas , an Islamic fundamentalist group that came into being in 1987 , won by a landslide in parliamentary elections in Gaza in 2006 . Months later , Hamas militants began attacking Israeli military posts and fighting with members of Fatah , the rival political party that controls other Palestinian territories . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and dissolved the government in Gaza , although Hamas has had de facto control of the territory since then .	NEW : Death toll in Gaza since airstrikes began is at 460 NEW : U.N. secretary-general says ground assault mars peace efforts Incursion 's aim is to halt Hamas rockets , not regime change , spokesman says Hamas spokesman : "  Gaza will be your cemetery "
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney worshiped his father . Barack Obama barely knew his . In the nature-versus-nurture debate , psychologists say fathers play an important role in the men their sons become . And the two presidential candidates ' relationships with their fathers offer insight into the men they are today . "  It 's called the cloth of individuality , " said Dr. Ditta M. Oliker , a clinical psychologist whose research has focused on the lasting effects of childhood in adulthood . Rather than an either/or , she said , psychologists now recognize the cloth that results from the interweaving of a person 's DNA and experience dictates both personality and character . In President Obama 's and Romney 's cases , fathers -- present or absent -- are a large part of that cloth . And in both cases , psychologists say their fathers ' presented different obstacles and opportunities . Obama was raised largely by his maternal grandparents and spent much of his childhood and adulthood decoding stories he heard about Barack Obama Sr. 's life . He writes in his book "  Dreams of My Father " about piecing together newspaper clippings , photographs and his family 's stories in building a portrait of his father . "  My father became a prop in someone else 's narrative , " Obama wrote , "  An attractive prop -- the alien figure with the heart of gold , the mysterious stranger who saves the town and wins the girl -- but a prop nonetheless . " But depending on a child 's support system , Oliker does n't think an absent father is necessarily an obstacle . It leaves room for "  imagination , wishful thinking and dreams , " she says . "  Depending on how the family talked about it will make a difference in how the person emerges from the myth of the father . " Romney , on the other hand , followed closely in his father 's footsteps . Both were successful businessmen , then governors and finally presidential candidates  although George Romney ended his run before the first Republican primary in 1968  . "  My dad is Mitt 's hero , " G. Scott Romney , Mitt 's older brother , told New York Magazine . "  And , look , I think my brother 's an exceptional person . But Mitt has said he 's a shadow of his father . " Romneys share looks but not traits , colleagues say It could have been difficult for Romney to come out of his father 's shadow . "  I would raise the question whether Romney does n't struggle a bit with meeting the high expectations that were put on him because ... you are your father 's son , " Oliker said . She says studies of sons of successful men show that their children often falter because they can not live up to the aura . Both doctors say how the candidates ' developed out of their relationships with their fathers can say a lot about the way they approach their candidacies , and in Obama 's case , his time in office . "  You see a path in -LSB- Romney 's -RSB- maturing over the years , in what some people might call ` flip-flopping ' could be explained as a maturing path into finding his own stance , " Dr. Henry Cloud , a clinical psychologist and author of "  The One Life Solution : Reclaim Your Personal Life While Achieving Greater Professional Success , " explained of Romney . "  Sometimes it takes a boy with that kind of power figure over him time to declare -LSB- who he is -RSB- . " Cloud added that Romney lately seems to be more comfortable in his skin , perhaps a sign that he is assuming the alpha position once occupied by his father . Obama 's father 's absence , on the other hand , could be credited in part for his sky 's - the-limit style that helped him win the 2008 election . "  He did n't grow up with the father over him , which is where the boy gets the sense of limits , " Cloud said referring to the president as a visionary . "  He does n't govern -LSB- the executive branch -RSB- in thinking what they ca n't do , but rather what they can do . " Romney , Obama : Why they have trouble connecting But for both candidates , Oliker says , much of the credit for who the men are today rests on their own shoulders . "  Both men had to have strong character and had to have strong drive to reach what they have reached , in both cases perhaps in spite of their fathers , " she said . For Romney , Cloud says it would be possible for a strong father figure to push his child down a lesser path . Instead , he says warmth present in the Romney home could have curbed negative impacts of his powerful father . For Obama , too , it was also the sum of the people around him that may have made up for his absent father . "  It takes a village , " Oliker said . Regardless of their circumstances , both doctors agree that the mixture of the two men 's personalities and the circumstances that helped them develop into adulthood were the right fit . "  There were obviously things that went well with both of them . Both the hero father and the absent father , the message in this is that somebody did something right , " Cloud said .	Obama 's , Romney 's relationships with their fathers shaped the men they became Obama relied on photos , clippings and family stories to learn more about his father "  My dad is Mitt 's hero , " G. Scott Romney , Mitt 's older brother , said For both candidates , "  the message is that somebody did something right "
CNN  -- Bowe Bergdahl , the only American POW in Afghanistan , has doubtless been at the forefront of his parents ' minds , if not atop the national conscience . It 's not that the American people do n't care ; it 's more that updates about the 27-year-old soldier have been sparse , as his family has remained reticent for fear of jeopardizing his safety . With news that the U.S. will engage in peace talks with the Taliban and encouraging signs that Bergdahl will be included in a prisoner swap , we 'll likely be hearing more about the man whom friends and family describe as an adventurer and a gentleman . The U.S. expects prisoner exchange to be a topic of the talks , which are slated to take place "  in the coming days , " in Doha , Qatar , said State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki during a Thursday briefing . No decisions have been made about transferring any Taliban detainees held at Guantanamo Bay . Any such decision would have to be made with congressional approval and in accordance with U.S. law , she said . Already , Bergdahl 's parents , Jani and Bob , have released a statement through a family spokesman , Army Col. Tim Marsano , saying they will speak to the crowd during a "  Bring Bowe Back " rally in Hailey , Idaho , this weekend , though they 're not granting interviews . "  The family is encouraged by the possibility . Anytime that there are discussions and negotiations that may lead to the freeing of their son ... that is encouraging news , especially after not much encouraging news over the past four years , " Marsano said , adding that the Bergdahls have been talking with military and government agencies . "  They know their son has not been forgotten . My brothers and sisters in uniform know we wo n't rest until Bowe Bergdahl is safely back with his family . " Those who know Bergdahl say he 's gregarious and chivalrous , able to hold a conversation with anyone and prone to spontaneous acts of kindness . Sue Martin , owner of Zaney 's Coffee Shop in Hailey , where Bergdahl once worked as a barista , recalled in a 2009 interview how she walked out to the parking lot after a storm and found all the snow scraped off of her car . "  Bowe would have been out there , " she said . "  He would never say anything . " U.S. POW 's dad to Taliban : ` Let there be peace ' Longtime Blaine County Sheriff Walt Femling , now retired , said Bergdahl did n't like automobiles and rode his bike back and forth to work , 15 to 20 miles each way , in any weather . Femling , who also rented Bergdahl an apartment , once saw him walking , drenched , with his bike through a rainstorm . The sheriff offered him a ride . "  He turned it down because he did n't want to get my car wet and he continued to walk in the rain , " Femling said . "  Kind of tells you a little bit about the person . " Home-schooled as a youth and naturally curious , Bergdahl enjoyed martial arts and fencing and was prone to wanderlust , friends and family say . He spent time in Europe before enlisting in the Army and once worked on a sailboat out of Bristol Bay , Alaska , that journeyed along the East Coast and to the Caribbean . Bergdahl was 23 when he was captured June 30 , 2009 , after finishing a guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province . Military officials at the time said they believe low-level militants caught the soldier and handed him over to Pashtun warlord Siraj Haqqani 's clan , which operates along the Afghan-Pakistani border . Initially , Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said Bergdahl was safe , and a video was distributed showing Bergdahl "  in good shape and good health . " Later , Sangeen issued threats that Bergdahl would be killed if foreign troops continued targeting civilians during searches in Ghazni and Paktika provinces . Shortly after his capture , Bergdahl appeared in a video , saying , "  Scared I wo n't be able to go home , and it 's very unnerving to be a prisoner . " Since then , his captors have released three more videos of the Wood River Valley , Idaho , native assigned to 1st Battalion , 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division , in Fort Richardson , Alaska . The last video was sent in February 2011 . The airborne infantryman , who has been promoted twice -- first from private first class to specialist , then to sergeant -- since his capture , has spoken in the videos on occasion , but analysts and those close to him say his statements appear scripted . Such was the case when in December 2009 he appeared on a video saying the U.S. had lost all hope of winning the Afghanistan War and that Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama could n't be trusted . He also claimed America 's military opponents in Afghanistan were "  very smart " and had "  perfected " the art of warfare . Earlier this month , the family said through another spokesman -- Dwight Murphy of a POW/MIA group in Boise Valley , Idaho -- that they had received a letter from Bergdahl via the Red Cross . It was "  scripted and redacted , " his father said , but he was in good condition . The statement added that the Taliban was being careful with Bergdahl and that there appears to be disagreement within the Taliban about what to do with its lone American captive . "  It appears at least several parties want to arbitrate captive SGT Bowe , several others ... want to keep fighting until every single Westerner is out , " the father said . May 2012 marked the first time the U.S. government acknowledged it was engaged in talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . The discussions moved in fits and starts because of U.S. concerns that any Taliban prisoners swapped for Bergdahl might be repatriated and allowed to rejoin the fight . In August , however , the White House announced it was willing to send five Taliban prisoners to Qatar in exchange for Bergdahl . There have long been signs that the Taliban is open to diplomacy . James Cunningham , the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , told a Senate panel at his July 2012 confirmation hearing that Taliban leaders are "  signaling they are open to negotiations " but was quick to assert that the Taliban must end its alliances with terrorist groups like al Qaeda . Other officials have said they 're encouraged by signs that Taliban representatives are doing just that and by statements suggesting the group is willing to accept ideas supported by Afghan society , such as allowing girls to attend school . Last year , a Taliban representative also attended an international conference on Afghan reconciliation in Japan . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Ed Lavandera , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	State Department says it expects Taliban to discuss prisoner swap "  in coming days " Bowe Bergdahl was 23 when captured in June 2009 in southeastern Paktika province Bergdahl 's family says via spokesman latest developments are "  encouraging news " Friends , family describe him as gregarious gentleman , prone to wanderlust , kindness
CNN  -- An Illinois businessman believed to have had Middle East Respiratory Syndrome , or MERS , was not infected with the virus , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials said Wednesday . The finding means there has been no confirmed transmission of the virus within the United States . Two confirmed cases of MERS have been imported into the country . On May 17 , local , state and federal health officials reported preliminary tests showed that the businessman appeared to have tested positive for MERS . He had met with the first confirmed MERS patient in the United States , an American resident who had traveled from Saudi Arabia to Indiana . The face-to-face meeting included a handshake with the infected patient . Public health officials said they became concerned about the potential for a more contagious virus when preliminary testing indicated MERS may have been transmitted during that meeting . However , after more extensive blood tests , the "  CDC has concluded that the Illinois resident was not previously infected with MERS-CoV , " according to the agency . As of Wednesday , the World Health Organization has received reports of 636 laboratory-confirmed cases of infection with MERS . 5 things to know about MERS The first instance of MERS in the United States occurred in the patient who was working as a health care provider in Saudi Arabia and then traveled to Indiana . In the second case , a health care provider who lives and works in Saudi Arabia received a MERS diagnosis in Florida . The Florida and Indiana cases are not linked , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . MERS is a coronavirus , the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . It was first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . Experts believe the MERS coronavirus requires close and sustained contact , such as between family members or health care workers , to spread between humans . "  While we never want to cause undue concern among those who have had contact with a MERS patient , it is our job to move quickly when there is a potential public health threat , " the CDC 's Dr. David Swerdlow said in a statement . "  Because there is still much we do n't know about this virus , we will continue to err on the side of caution when responding to and investigating cases of MERS in this country . " Florida MERS patient recovers CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Tests conclude Illinois businessman did not have MERS after all , CDC says He had met with first confirmed MERS patient in the United States Two confirmed cases of MERS have been imported into the U.S. MERS is a coronavirus , the same group of viruses as the common cold
Langley , Arkansas  CNN  -- One person remained missing Monday from last week 's flash flood at an Arkansas campground that left 19 dead , and "  there 's still a possibility there could be others , " Gov. Mike Beebe told CNN . Rescuers found a 19th body over the weekend about half to three-quarters of a mile downstream from the campground , Arkansas State Police Capt. Mike Fletcher told reporters . Eighteen of the 19 bodies recovered so far have been identified , Fletcher said . A wall of water swept through the Albert Pike Recreation Area before dawn Friday , when most campers were sleeping . The park is located along the Caddo and Little Missouri rivers , and the flood struck so quickly there was little chance for campers to escape , officials said . "  I do n't think any of this has been a good day , " Fletcher said . "  I think we need to keep these families in our thoughts and our prayers . " But , he said , "  We 're just going to keep on doing what we do and come to a conclusion on this . " More than 100 people combed the rugged woodlands of the Ouachita National Forest until nightfall Sunday , said Mike Quesinberry , the head of the rescue effort for the U.S. Forest Service . Fletcher said one searcher was overcome by heat exhaustion in Sunday 's sweltering temperatures , which ranged into the mid-90s with high humidity . Quesinberry said the last two bodies found have been in piles of wood , rock and other debris along the riverbanks , and those are now the focus of the search . Six dog teams were included in the rescue effort , and authorities were planning to bring in more dogs and new equipment , he said . "  Some of these piles are just massive amounts of rock and debris , " Quesinberry said . "  It 's unsafe to get individuals in there with chainsaws and those type tools , so we 've got heavy equipment coming in . " Funerals for two of the victims killed in the flash floods at a federal campground in Arkansas were scheduled for Tuesday . Services for Kylee Sullivan , 7 , will be Tuesday morning , while her grandmother , Julie Freeman , will be buried that afternoon , Texarkana Funeral Home Director Kendall Hudson said . Authorities released the names of 15 of the dead Saturday , with six children among the victims , including one girl as young as 2 years old . Ages of the adult victims ranged from 23 to 69 . Several groups of people with the same last name were listed . The victims identified were largely from Texas and Louisiana , with one person from Foreman , Arkansas . The warning system intended to notify campers on federal land about potentially devastating weather will be re-examined in Arkansas and throughout the nation , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Saturday .	NEW : "  There could be others " as search for flood victims goes on , governor says 19 dead , 1 missing after Arkansas flood Debris piles hide bodies Funerals for two victims set for Tuesday
CNN  -- The holder of one of three winning tickets in a record $ 656 million Mega Millions drawing has come forward to claim a share , Maryland Lottery officials said Monday . They scheduled a news conference for Tuesday morning , at which "  no winners will be present , " said Carole Everett , a spokeswoman for the Maryland Lottery . When asked whether there was more than one winner , she responded : "  Perhaps . " No other details were immediately available . Maryland was one of three states where three tickets matched the winning numbers -- 2 , 4 , 23 , 38 and 46 , with a Mega Ball of 23 -- amounting to an equal share of roughly $ 218.6 million , before taxes , under the annuity option . The other winning tickets were purchased in Kansas and Illinois . The Kansas winner , who was the first to officially come forward last week , chose to remain anonymous -- as will the holder of the ticket sold in Maryland , said Everett . Last week , Maryland Lottery officials were responding to a flurry of questions from the media after a Baltimore-area woman told the New York Post that she had one of the winning tickets . However , in a bizarre twist of the story , Mirlande Wilson , a 37-year-old single mother of seven who works at McDonald 's , told the Post she was n't sure where she last had the ticket . "  I 'm still looking for it . I have n't even looked in my uniform pants yet , " the Post quoted Wilson as saying . "  I 'm still looking everywhere to find it , in my purse , everywhere . " The state 's lottery director said last Thursday he had n't seen the ticket , but he also said then that no one else had come forward . Spokeswoman Everett said last Tuesday she did n't "  put much stock in that story . " "  She claims she won , " Everett said last week . "  She ca n't produce a ticket . ... In our opinion , until they walk in that door , hold that ticket , produce valid identification and our security people can process and validate it , it does n't matter . " Everett declined to comment Monday on whether the winning ticker holder was , in fact , Wilson . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : "  No winners " will be at a Tuesday news conference , a spokeswoman says NEW : A Kansas winner was the first to come forward last week Three winning tickets were purchased : in Kansas , Maryland and Illinois
CNN  -- It 's every African-American parent 's nightmare : seeing your son being led away in handcuffs when you know he 's done nothing wrong . The surreal scene happened to me one recent morning . While sitting in my backyard I heard adult male voices around the side of the house . I opened the gate and saw a white police officer handcuffing my 13-year-old son . The plainclothes Evanston , Illinois , officer and his partner did not identify themselves as police . They did not ask our son 's age or where he lived . They told him first to put his hands up and then handcuffed him . They assumed he was guilty , of what we did n't know . His crime appeared to be that he was a black male . Later , we would listen to the 911 tape of what preceded the incident . It was apparent police had targeted my son while he was riding his bike home from a friend 's house . Why ? According to officers , he fit the description of a burglary suspect who had allegedly entered a nearby home . The description they offered : a black male wearing cargo shorts . Our son was wearing cargo shorts , but that identification could have applied to hundreds of black males in Evanston on that particular day . Why did n't the 911 dispatcher ask for a more detailed description of his skin color ? His build ? Whether he had facial hair ?  He does n't .  Whether he had a tattoo or piercings ?  He does n't .  Or whether he was wearing a hat ?  He was . Authorities on the scene did n't care about my son 's other attributes . He is an honor roll student , saxophone player , basketball player and law-abiding teenager . All they saw was his gender and race . To make matters worse , after handcuffing him , police paraded him to the front of our house in full view of neighbors and passersby , and at least three other armed , uniformed officers surrounded him and me . They leaned him against a cop car , his hands still cuffed behind him , and made him wait so the alleged victim could be driven over to identify him in what 's known as a "  show up . " When I protested , asking why my son needed to be handcuffed , they told me he might flee . Give me a break ! He 's going to try to run with five armed cops and his mother standing near him ? The humiliation of being forced to participate in a quasi-lineup was unconscionable . When the alleged victim said our son was not the intruder , the officer uncuffed him and his partners left almost as quickly as they had swarmed in . But before the officer who handcuffed our son left , I demanded an apology . The halfhearted response seemed insincere at best . He did n't even look either of us in the eyes . These officers clearly did not like it that I verbally resisted my son 's detainment or my telling them it seemed like racial profiling . That police could handcuff a fully cooperating , nonresisting 13-year-old boy at his home with his mother in plain sight ought to leave all Americans shaking in their boots . It was unnecessary . It was unfair -- un-American . But it happens more often than we know , particularly to young African-Americans , who often do n't have the resources to advocate for themselves . This is the United States of America , where one is supposed to be innocent until proven guilty . But this rarely applies if you 're a male of African descent . Trayvon Martin 's killer has claimed self-defense , but did Martin deserve to be approached by a neighborhood watchman and shot to death ? He was carrying a bag with soda and some Skittles candy , not a weapon . I 'm reminded of the 2009 incident involving Harvard University Professor Henry Louis Gates , one of the nation 's top African-American scholars . Gates returned home to find his key would n't work because his lock was jammed . Initially , police thought he was breaking into his own home . Even though he produced identification to prove he lived in the house , he was ultimately arrested for disorderly conduct after he angrily accused officers of racial profiling . Prosecutors dropped the charges . I teach at Northwestern University , which is home to the Medill Innocence Project , a program whose work has overturned wrongful convictions and influenced Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn 's effort to end the state 's death penalty . It 's not surprising that many of those exonerated are African-American men . In fact , the National Registry of Exonerations tracked 958 former convicts exonerated in the United States . Of that total , 45 % were African-American men , even though they make up only about 6 % -7 % of the country 's population . Racial profiling has a long history in the United States and there seems to be little relief in the so-called "  age of Obama . " A 2009 American Civil Liberties Union report called racial and ethnic profiling "  a widespread and pervasive problem throughout the United States , impacting the lives of millions of people in African-American , Asian , Latino , South Asian and Arab communities . " In 2012 it continues to be a common rite of passage for young black males . Just ask any black male you know and he will tell you a story . No wonder some hate the police . My husband and I can not undo what happened to our son . At 13 he is now officially inducted into black manhood . I shudder to think what could have happened if I had not been home . Thank God we had taught him at around age 10 to cooperate with police . He complied in every way . But what if he 'd gotten scared and run ? What if he had reached for his cell phone and police thought it was a weapon ? The officers never patted him down . What if police had planted something on him ? What if the victim had lied and said my son was the perpetrator ? To be sure , police officers have a tough and dangerous job and are vulnerable to injury at a moment 's notice . They should try to catch criminals , but not at the expense of treating people with respect and dignity . We have to fight crime without automatically indicting black males . The ACLU report concluded that alienating marginalized groups would ultimately prevent police from reducing crime . When police make mistakes , they must own up to them . They could have identified themselves first and politely asked my son some questions with me present . They also could have profusely apologized . Despite our harrowing experience , I know we are lucky . It was 10 minutes of our lives . The truth prevailed and we will move on . But we will never be the same . The incident is forever seared into my brain and is giving me sleepless nights . The worry I already had for my son being away from home or school is now magnified right at the time he wants to be more independent . We 've told our son that he should n't think all police officers are bad . However , it is clear more training of Evanston dispatchers and police officers is needed . To parents of African-American youth , as your children  particularly males  return to the routine of classes and homework , remember to school them about the police . They are not always their friends . It 's unfair that black parents have to teach this lesson while most white parents do n't . But if we do n't educate them early and often we may be sending them to an early grave . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ava Thompson Greenwell .	Ava Thompson Greenwell : Recently her son , 13 , was stopped , handcuffed by police She says it happened next to her house , she objected , they said they were seeking burglar She says her son was stopped because he was black Greenwell : Every black mother 's nightmare , that her son could be profiled . This must stop
CNN  -- Hurricane warnings and watches stretched from North Carolina to Delaware and covered parts of Massachusetts on Wednesday as forecasters upgraded Hurricane Earl to a Category 4 storm and warned it will be approaching the East Coast by late Thursday . Hurricane models have Earl passing close to North Carolina 's Outer Banks on Thursday night , the National Hurricane Center said in an 8 p.m. Wednesday forecast . "  Only a small westward deviation of the track to the west would bring the core of the hurricane to the coast , " it said . The center extended hurricane and tropical storm watches and warnings northward through Massachusetts on Wednesday evening and said the storm 's track has shifted slightly to the west , closer to North Carolina 's Cape Hatteras . Mandatory evacuation orders were issued for Ocracoke Island , on North Carolina 's Outer Banks , and Cape Lookout National Seashore , as well as Hatteras Island . Earl had been downgraded to a Category 3 hurricane earlier Wednesday but was judged to be a Category 4 in the National Hurricane Center 's forecast on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Earl 's maximum sustained winds have increased to near 135 mph and the storm is growing , the National Hurricane Center said . Tropical storm force winds are expected to reach parts of the North Carolina coast by Thursday afternoon , with hurricane force winds arriving by late Thursday , the center said . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said Earl is expected to make its closest pass to Cape Hatteras around 2 a.m. Friday as a Category 3 storm , with hurricane force winds of up to 75 mph expected on the Outer Banks . Large breaking waves of 10 to 15 feet are possible along the coast , with possible storm surge of 2 to 4 feet , along with 3 to 4 inches of rainfall , Morris said . Isolated tornadoes and waterspouts are possible . Tropical storm force winds are expected to reach the coast from Virginia to New Jersey by early Friday . Morris said that Earl will make its closest pass to New Jersey on Friday afternoon as a Category 2 hurricane . The long duration of tropical storm force winds threaten widespread power outages in parts of the South and the mid-Atlantic region , he said . Tropical storm force winds will arrive on Massachusetts ' Cape Cod by Friday afternoon . Morris said that hurricane force winds are possible there later on Friday , with Earl making its closest pass to Cape Cod on Friday evening as a Category 1 hurricane . Forecasters have issued a hurricane warning for the area from Bogue Inlet , North Carolina , northeast to the North Carolina-Virginia border , including Pamlico and Albemarle sounds . On Wednesday evening a tropical storm warning for the area between Cape Fear , North Carolina , and Bogue Inlet , was extended from the North Carolina-Virginia border to Sandy Hook , New Jersey . A hurricane watch stretched from the North Carolina-Virginia line up to Cape Henlopen , Delaware , while another hurricane watch covered a chunk of the Massachusetts coast , from Wood 's Hole to Sagamore Beach , and includes Martha 's Vineyard and Nantucket . A tropical storm watch extends from Sandy Hook , New Jersey to Wood 's Hole , Massachusetts , encompassing Long Island Sound and Block Island . A tropical storm watch also covers the area from north of Sagamore Beach , Massachusetts , to the mouth of the Merrimack River . Because of Earl 's size , effects of the storm are expected to be widely felt . Hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 90 miles  150 kilometers  from the center , and tropical storm-force winds up to 200 miles  325 kilometers  . As of 8 p.m. Wednesday , Earl was centered about 565 miles  910 kilometers  south-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , the National Hurricane Center said . It was moving northwest at about 18 mph  30 kph  . Overnight Tuesday , a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration buoy recorded a wave with a 50-foot peak associated with Earl , National Hurricane Center Director Bill Read told reporters . "  The buoy survived it just fine and it 's still reporting , " he said . On Friday , Earl is forecast to move away from the Outer Banks and northward , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . It is not expected to make a direct hit on the coast from Virginia to New Jersey , but heavy rain , high surf and gusty winds are likely . Friday night , Earl will make its closest pass to Cape Cod , Massachusetts , and the outlying islands of Nantucket and Martha 's Vineyard . Again , no direct hit is forecast , but any deviation could bring Earl 's center over the area , Hennen said . Earl is expected to make a direct landfall over southern Nova Scotia , Canada , on Saturday morning as a strong Category 1 hurricane . Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate said Wednesday he had briefed President Barack Obama on what the agency is doing in preparation for the storm . Teams are in place or on standby to assist each state along the East Coast , he said , and supplies were being moved into two incident support bases to be available if they are needed . Several airlines said Wednesday that fliers to and from cities along the eastern seaboard , from San Juan , Puerto Rico , to Bangor , Maine , could reschedule travel in coming days without penalty . Though they have not announced cancellations , Air Tran , American Airlines , Continental Airlines and Delta said they would waive reschedule fees for such travelers . On Ocracoke Island -- a long sliver of land reachable only by ferry -- not everyone was planning to flee as Earl approached . "  A lot of times when -LSB- residents -RSB- evacuate , it 's hard to get back on the island , " said Brandon Benecki , who tends bar at Howard 's Pub on Ocracoke Island . "  It 's simpler to just stay here and kind of ride it out . " "  None of my neighbors are leaving , " one man on Ocracoke Island told CNN affiliate WVEC-TV . "  We 're just going to hang in and ride her out . " Some tourists did n't seem deterred either . "  They 'll throw us off the island , " one woman told WVEC . "  That 's all right . We 'll just camp somewhere else . " However , Paula Schramel , who co-owns the Flying Melon restaurant on Ocracoke with her husband , Michael , said she has made plans to go to Charlotte , North Carolina , where her mother is . The couple are natives of New Orleans , Louisiana , who moved to Ocracoke 10 years ago . Their restaurant specializes in Creole cuisine . Some of Michael Schramel 's relatives in New Orleans who lived through Hurricane Katrina are urging them to evacuate , she said . "  They 're probably more nervous than we are , " she said . "  It wakes you up a little bit to the fact that it can be " dangerous . Once the wind gets to 50 mph , she said , the ferries stop running and "  you 're stuck . " Officials are "  running the ferries as fast as they can , " she said , but some visitors are dragging their feet -- understandably , since it means cutting their vacation short . Earl is also dealing the couple an economic blow , they said , as it 's considered the last big week of business for the summer tourism season . The restaurant was busy Tuesday night , Paula Schramel said , but closed on Wednesday once the evacuation order was issued . Michael Schramel said he will leave if Earl becomes a Category 4 storm , and said he is "  a little bit nervous . ... A 4 would be devastating . " "  We are concerned about the storm , and it is important that people are n't here who do n't understand the -LSB- potential -RSB- flooding issues , " said Alan Sutton , the owner of Tradewinds Bait and Tackle on Ocracoke Island . But for regular residents , he said , the threat of hurricanes is "  just part of living here . " Staff members of Cape Lookout National Seashore in North Carolina also ordered an evacuation Tuesday , according to park Superintendent Russel J. Wilson . The park will be closed to all visitors beginning at 5 p.m. Wednesday , until further notice . Hurricane Earl is approaching the United States just ahead of Labor Day , a holiday weekend that many families spend at the beach . "  Unfortunately , they 're just getting started with their vacation and now they have to turn around and go , " bartender Benecki said . "  However , I think most people do understand why . " Rip currents and dangerous surf will threaten beachgoers all along the East Coast , Hennen said . The hurricane already dealt a glancing blow to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , downing trees and knocking out power lines . The hurricane center said Earl 's center is set to pass east and northeast of the Bahamas on Wednesday and Wednesday night . A tropical storm warning for San Salvador Island in the central Bahamas was discontinued Wednesday afternoon . Sixty-six members of the North Carolina National Guard have been told to report Wednesday night for storm response duty . They will report to facilities in eastern North Carolina , but away from the coast , said spokesman Maj. Matt Handley . After the storm has moved away , they will assess damage and formulate a response , he said . FEMA has urged those living in the region to prepare for the storm , stock up on supplies and have a plan in case it becomes necessary . Besides FEMA 's Ready.gov website , people can use FEMA 's mobile application , which links to the National Hurricane Center , to stay up to date on information . Tips include developing a family communications plan , putting together a kit with food and water for 72 hours , and staying informed of risks in the area . Meanwhile , Tropical Depression 9 was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gaston on Wednesday night , with maximum sustained winds of 40 mph , the center said . The storm is located in the far eastern north Atlantic Ocean approximately 1,635 miles east-southeast of the Caribbean 's Leeward Islands . The depression had maximum sustained winds of 35 mph  55 kph  and was heading west at 15 mph  24 kph  . It is likely the depression will become Tropical Storm Gaston within 48 hours , forecasters said . And Tropical Storm Fiona was moving out into the open Atlantic on Wednesday , and the center discontinued all watches and warnings related to the storm . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : National Hurricane Center says a "  westward deviation " could bring storm to land Various warnings and watches are extended north to Massachusetts Tropical Depression 9 is upgraded to Tropical Storm Gaston President Obama talks to the FEMA director about preparations for Earl
CNN  -- The Catholic church ca n't have it both ways on gay rights . Either it must take steps to accept gay and lesbian people as part of its flock -- including them as full members , embracing their unions , decrying Catholic schools that fire gay and lesbian teachers and calling for the full protection of LGBT people around the world . Or it can go back to emphasizing its condemnation of homosexual acts as "  intrinsically disordered , " as it does in the Catechism of the Catholic Church . The current middle ground -- with church leaders saying "  homosexuals have gifts and qualities to offer the Christian community , " but not fully embracing them as equal humans in the church and under the law -- is unsustainable and dangerous . Gay rights groups cheered on Monday when a draft document from a group of bishops and priests suggested the church could be more welcoming to the gay community . "  Homosexuals have gifts and qualities to offer to the Christian community , " they wrote . "  Are we capable of welcoming these people , guaranteeing to them a fraternal space in our communities ? Often they wish to encounter a Church that offers them a welcoming home . " But on Tuesday the Vatican backtracked from its statements , saying it did not want to create "  the impression of a positive evaluation " of same-sex relationships . A generous reading of this flip-flop would be that a divided church is wrestling with a sensitive social issue , on which its members and clergy disagree . My sense is that the church wants to be seen as tolerating gay people -- and therefore not out of touch with the modern world -- without actually embracing them . That sends a potentially dangerous and confusing message to young LGBT people , who look to the church for moral guidance , and who are more likely to fall prey to homelessness and even to commit suicide than their straight peers .  One report from the Williams Institute at UCLA found 40 % of all homeless kids identify as LGBT .  These kids like that are looking up to Pope Francis , who famously said it 's not his place to judge gay and lesbian people . To his credit , Francis -- the people 's pope , the guy who drives a old car and lives in a modest apartment -- is setting the right tone . But the church needs to follow his lead and move quickly toward real inclusion and acceptance of gays , not just tolerance . Here are three simple ways it could do so : 1 . Make a serious push for LGBT rights in Africa The Catholic church wields significant influence in sub-Saharan Africa , which is home to 171 million Catholics , according to a Pew report . Some countries on the continent are known to persecute LGBT people -- including giving them prison sentences . Catholic leaders have spoken out against the death penalty and violence being used against LGBT people . But they should go further . In their statement , church leaders said on Monday that it is not "  acceptable that pressure be brought to bear on pastors or that international bodies make financial aid dependent on the introduction of regulations inspired by gender ideology . " However , those very tools should be used to push for equality where it 's needed most . Catholic leaders in Africa not only should speak out forcefully against discrimination and violence against LGBT people but also should work toward guaranteeing their safety and acceptance . 2 . Embrace same-sex marriage Catholic people are relatively welcoming to the idea of same-sex marriage or civil unions -- especially in the United States . According to a 2010 survey of 1,015 American Catholic adults , three-quarters support those practices . A poll last week found 42 % of American Catholics support same-sex marriage , specifically . Globally , 30 % of Catholics support same-sex marriage , according to a poll released this year . The church , meanwhile , in its report on Monday , continues to assert that "  unions between people of the same sex can not be considered on the same footing as matrimony between man and woman . " Catholicism is n't truly welcoming to gay people until it updates that policy . Regardless of public opinion , it 's the inclusive and fair thing to do . Meanwhile , the church acknowledges "  it has to be noted that there are cases in which mutual aid to the point of sacrifice constitutes a precious support in the life of the partners " in same-sex unions . To hold that belief , it needs to act on it . 3 . Stop the firings of gay teachers It 's become a sadly common occurrence for gay and lesbian teachers at Catholic schools to be fired when the administration learns that a man in Seattle has a husband or that a woman in Michigan becomes pregnant while in a same-sex relationship . "  The discharged teachers , of course , are the most seriously injured , but so are all the people associated with the schools -- students , graduates , parents , and staff , " Charles J. Reid , Jr. wrote for the Huffington Post . "  The Catholic school system is diminished in the eyes of the public . And the church as a whole is made to suffer . " Again , the emphasis should be on the students . What are they to think of institutions that would fire their role models simply because of who they are ? There are signs of hope . Nuns from Marian High School , in Michigan , where a lesbian teacher was fired , say they are rethinking their policies . "  Pope Francis has brought a sense of hope to our lives and encourages us to look at our Church with new eyes , " Sister Mary Jane Herb says in a letter posted on Facebook . "  No , it is not likely that doctrine will change ; however the Pope emphasizes that the values of mercy , inclusion and compassion need to be included in our response to complex situations . " It 's unclear , however , whether the fired teacher , Barbara Webb , will be reinstated . A Change.org petition in her support has 72,000 signatures . More-inclusive dialog should be celebrated , sure . But it should n't be conflated with actual acceptance .	The Catholic church issues a new statement on the inclusion of gay people John Sutter says the statement is an advance -- but does n't go nearly far enough He suggests three steps the church could take to actually include LGBT people
CNN  -- In the best fairy tales , there is always a castle : tall turrets , an intimidating moat and a breathtaking view . In Scotland , those ancient castles overlook deep lochs and tower over cities . The wandering traveler will find these envy-inducing castles in every corner of Scotland . In honor of Sunday 's National Tartan Day , a holiday celebrating the influential role Scots have played in American history , CNN has chosen 10 magnificent castles to explore in the old country . From the capital city of Edinburgh to the dramatic landscapes of the Highlands , here are some of the most striking castles in Scotland . Cue the castle-owning daydreaming . 27 photos of glorious Ireland Eilean Donan , Inverness-shire This 13th-century castle in the middle of a loch is one of the most iconic in Scotland . Located in the Highlands looking out toward the Isle of Skye , this stunning castle is connected to the mainland via footbridge . It was restored in the early 20th century and is often featured in television and movies . Visitors can wander through the rooms to see period furniture , artifacts and weaponry . Edinburgh Castle , City of Edinburgh Perhaps the most famous  and most visited  castle in Scotland is right in the center of the capital city . Perched on top of the city on Castle Rock , this fortress has a strong presence in Edinburgh 's skyline . The oldest section of the castle dates to the 12th century , and many visitors travel here specifically to see the Crown Jewels of Scotland . Guided tours are available . Culzean Castle , Ayrshire Observant travelers might recognize Culzean Castle from the back of the 5-pound note issued by the Royal Bank of Scotland . This cliffside castle on the Ayrshire coast has been associated with the Kennedy family for centuries . It is a particularly memorable example of a fairy tale-like structure with its turrets and battlements , stationed above the stormy seas and surrounded by gardens and forests . Ballindalloch Castle , Banffshire Often called "  The Pearl of the North , " this 16th-century castle is in the heart of one of Scotland 's whisky regions , Speyside . Unlike other castles in Scotland , this is one of the few castles in the country that remains private : The Macpherson-Grant family has continually lived here over the centuries . The castle is open to visitors during the summer months and has a shop with a variety of Scottish goods including tartans and jewelry . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Castle Fraser , Aberdeenshire Movie buffs might recognize Castle Fraser from "  The Queen , " starring Helen Mirren  it appeared as a backdrop  . Castle Fraser is one of the grandest , most romantic-looking castles in the country . Built between 1575 and 1636 , the castle sits on more than 300 acres of landscaped grounds and woodlands . Inside , it has the feeling of a family home with portraits of the Fraser family and original furniture . Stirling Castle , Stirlingshire One of the largest  and most important from a historic/architectural perspective  castles is Stirling Castle . An easy trip from both Edinburgh and Glasgow , this castle was once the destination of knights and nobles who flocked to the luxurious property with its elaborate gardens . It 's a good spot for families to visit ; costumed characters in historic roles are on the grounds , and children can dress up in period costumes and play medieval instruments . Earth 's greatest unexplored places Urquhart Castle , Inverness-shire The mythical Loch Ness Monster , Nessie , might lure travelers to the Scottish Highlands , but it is Urquhart Castle that delivers the drama . One of the most-visited castles in the country , this castle 's Grand Tower overlooks expansive Loch Ness . An early medieval fortification was built here , but the ruins seen today date to the 13th to 16th centuries . The castle also played a strategic role in the Wars of Scottish Independence . Glamis Castle , Angus One of the most towering -- and historically interesting -- castles in Scotland is Glamis Castle . This structure has the claim to fame as being the setting for Shakespeare 's "  Macbeth , " along with being the childhood home of Queen Elizabeth , the Queen Mother  her younger daughter , Princess Margaret , was born here  . The surrounding estate is made up of 14,000 acres of gardens , farms and forests . Inveraray Castle , Argyllshire Located in western Scotland on the shore of Loch Fyne , this castle has a fairytale facade with an enchanting interior . Many visitors indulge in the tea room here , offering a glimpse into royal life . "  Downton Abbey " fans might recognize it from the season 3 Christmas episode . The castle has a lovely 16-acre garden surrounded by a massive 60,000-acre estate . Crathes Castle , Aberdeenshire Found in the Aberdeenshire woodlands , Crathes Castle dates to the 16th century and has ties to Scottish warrior-king Robert the Bruce . Towers , turrets , and ghost stories make this an especially intriguing castle to visit , along with the beautiful walled garden . Travelers interested in art will be drawn to the collection of portraits and painted ceilings .	Scottish castles have starred in "  Downton Abbey " and "  The Queen " The setting for "  Macbeth , " Glamis Castle is also Princess Margaret 's birthplace Families will enjoy Stirling Castle 's costumed characters in historic roles
CNN  -- Nearly nine months after it returned to the sky and its battery system was declared safe , new reports surfaced Tuesday of smoke aboard a Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Tokyo 's Narita International Airport . The incident "  appears to have involved the venting of a single battery cell , " aboard a Japan Airlines 787 , Boeing told CNN in a statement . A year ago , overheated batteries aboard two Dreamliners prompted aviation officials to ground all 50 of the planes worldwide . Tuesday 's incident "  occurred during scheduled maintenance activities with no passengers on board , " the Boeing statement said . "  The improvements made to the 787 battery system last year appear to have worked as designed . " Boeing said it was working with Japan Airlines to return the plane to service . Japan Airlines and the government 's Japanese Aviation Bureau told CNN Tuesday night that the battery unit was removed from the aircraft to be handed over to manufacturers Boeing/Yuasa for further investigation . The airline told Flightglobal that the plane sustained no damage . JAL is monitoring their other 787s as a precautionary measure , Flightglobal reported . Boeing 's stake in the Dreamliner is huge . Hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on the success of the 787 , which represents a new generation of lighter , more efficient money making planes . When it began service in 2011 , the Dreamliner boasted a new battery system that used new , lighter lithium-ion batteries . After the planes were grounded , Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration collaborated on a new battery compartment . The compartment was designed to insulate the batteries in a ventilated armor-plated box to protect the rest of the plane in case of a fire caused by overheating batteries . The NTSB announced this month it plans to issue a final investigation report later this fall . Interactive diagram of the 787 The National Transportation Safety Board said it was aware of Tuesday 's battery incident in Japan . "  By international treaty , aviation accidents and incidents are investigated by the investigative authority in the country in which the accident or incident occurred . "  If the Japan Transport Safety Board opens an investigation into the battery smoke event , the NTSB stands ready to assist , " the U.S. agency said in a statement . In July 2013 , investigators blamed a fire aboard an empty Ethiopian Airlines 787 parked at London 's Heathrow airport on a malfunctioning emergency beacon . Tuesday 's incident comes nearly two months after Boeing warned airlines about another 787 concern : possible icing problems in its GE engines . The aircraft manufacturer alerted 787 operators after instances of "  ice crystal icing that resulted in temporary diminished engine performance , " Boeing said in a statement . Although it said only a small number of the engines have experienced the ice problems , Boeing advised pilots to keep planes at least 50 nautical miles from storms that may contain ice crystals until General Electric can make improvements to the "  GEnx " engines . The Dreamliner 's development was marked by production delays and other problems . Then , a year ago this month , batteries were blamed for two overheating instances on a Japan Airlines 787 in Boston and on an All Nippon Airways 787 in Japan . No one was hurt in either case , but concerns about the incidents spurred the FAA to ground all U.S. Dreamliners . Officials around the world followed suit . Experts say every airliner experiences "  teething pains " during its first few years of service , as minor problems are shaken out . But the FAA 's decision to ground the Dreamliner put it under intense scrutiny . United Airlines is the lone U.S. operator of Boeing 787s . In an apparent show of confidence in July , United announced it was ordering 20 new 787-10 models , which are a longer version of the plane .	NEW : Japan Airlines hands over 787 battery unit to Boeing for investigation The NTSB says it 's ready to assist Japanese officials in the probe A smoking battery was reported aboard a Japan Airlines 787 Dreamliner Tuesday Fears of overheating batteries prompted 787s to be grounded worldwide a year ago
CNN  -- Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil Tiger rebels Sunday , warning instead that government troops intended to continue a new offensive until the group surrenders , a senior government official said . Tamil demonstrators call for a cease-fire in Sri Lanka during a rally Saturday in Paris , France . "  The government is firm that  the rebels  lay down their arms and surrender . We do not recognize this so-called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security . The proposed cease-fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  in the country 's northern area . Government troops made significant advances into rebel-held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan Army sources . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " has now exceeded 100,000 individuals . "  In the face of an unprecedented humanitarian crisis and in response to the calls made by the U.N. , EU , the governments of the USA , India and others , the  LTTE  has announced an unilateral cease-fire . All of LTTE 's offensive military operations will cease with immediate effect , " the rebel leaders said in a written statement issued earlier Sunday . "  We welcome the attempts by the U.N. and its agencies to assist the civilian population and are ready to engage and cooperate with them to address the humanitarian needs of the population . ... We are in full agreement that the humanitarian crisis can only be overcome by declaration of an immediate cease-fire . " The Tiger leadership asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease-fire offer . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .	Government says it will continue offensive against Tamil Tiger rebels Rebels control a dwindling swath of north Sri Lanka U.N. agency says 100,000 refugees have fled fighting
CNN  -- A storm has barreled into the Southeast and sections of the Northeast , coating power lines and roads with ice and leaving thousands without power . More heavy snow was predicted for Mid-Atlantic cities , some of which already have record amounts , the National Weather Service said Saturday . Asheville , North Carolina , recorded 11 inches of snow on Friday . The weather service said less than a half-inch of snow should fall during the day , turning to freezing drizzle at night . There was an ice storm warning for the Carolinas until midnight . "  Ice accumulations of one-quarter to one-half inch are expected , " forecasters said . "  Elevated surfaces such as trees , power lines and highway bridges and overpasses will accumulate ice most easily . " North Carolina 's Department of Transportation asked motorists to avoid all unnecessary travel . The town of Cary , North Carolina , canceled its Winter Wonderland festival because of the storm . A foot of snow was expected in parts of Virginia , where iReporter William Bernstein , Jr. said people are "  just not used to this . " A typical snowstorm in Virginia Beach , located about 20 minutes from Norfolk , usually yields about 4 to 5 inches of snow , Bernstein said . But by 8 a.m. , snowfall had well surpassed the norm . "  Nobody is really out on the roads , " he said . "  They 've closed off ramps and on ramps in downtown Norfolk . " See pictures from Virginia Beach on iReport.com Washington and Baltimore , Maryland , were expected to get 4 to 6 inches of snow . Motorists were being warned to stay off the roadways , D.C. officials said . Forecasters warned that gusty winds in several states may topple ice laden trees and power lines . A Home Depot store in Spartanburg , South Carolina , saw a run on generators , fire logs and ice-melting chemicals Friday , and Spartanburg County called in extra dispatchers to handle emergency calls , CNN affiliate WYFF reported . Watch the snow pile up in Tennessee Several inches of sleet covered the ground in the town of Travelers Rest , South Carolina , WYFF 's Sean Muserallo reported . Brian Wood of Marietta , South Carolina , told WYFF his car was "  fish-tailing all the way " as he drove to work at a restaurant Saturday morning . "  It 's definitely not driving weather . " Tennessee 's Transportation Department said highways statewide had patches of snow and ice , and trucks were spreading salt on roads across much of the eastern part of the state . How 's the weather where you are ? Send photos , video The storm moved north and east Friday from the Southern Plains of Oklahoma and Texas . Oklahoma City was coated with ice and shivering with a daytime high of 20 degrees , said CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . In Dallas , Texas , it was 26 degrees . Oklahoma 's Corporation Commission said Saturday that more than 108,000 homes and businesses were without power . Gov. Brad Henry had declared a state of emergency on Wednesday , ahead of the storm . President Obama signed a disaster declaration for Oklahoma on Saturday , authorizing federal aid to the hard-hit state . In northern Georgia on Saturday , about 1,200 customers were without power , down from 5,000 earlier in the day , the Electric Membership Cooperatives said in a written statement . They said the outages were caused by trees falling on power lines , and that power should be restored by late afternoon . School systems and communities in northeastern Georgia also canceled numerous weekend activities , CNN affiliate WNEG reported . Some are determined not to let the weather keep them indoors . iReporter Katy Hawkins of Norman , Oklahoma , said she and her roommate went outside to play in the snow after spending most of the day inside . "  Oklahoma does not usually get enough snow to make a snowball , but yesterday we had at least 7 inches in the Norman area , " she said . In her apartment complex 's parking lot , most cars had at least a half-inch of ice encasing the whole car and then snow on top of that , she said . "  I spent 30 minutes trying to pry my door open and finally just gave up and went to take pictures instead ! "	NEW : iReporters in areas unaccustomed to heavy snowfall enjoy the novelty Asheville , North Carolina , gets 11 inches of snow Cary , North Carolina , cancels winter festival because of winter storm Ice and sleet cover roads in Tennessee , Carolinas
CNN  -- Veteran Tommy Haas described his fourth round victory over world No. 1 Novak Djokovic at the Miami Masters as "  one of the best wins of my career " . The German , who reached No. 2 in the world rankings in 2002 , kept his cool to become only the second player this year to beat double defending champion Djokovic in an ATP Tour event . The 6-2 6-4 triumph was Haas ' third win over six-time grand slam winner Djokovic in seven career meetings and his first win against a top-ranked player since he beat Andre Agassi in 1999 . "  I 'm just really happy and proud of that tonight , against such a great player who has been dominating the sport the past couple of years , I really took advantage of the opportunities I 've gotten , " the 34-year-old German told the tournament 's official website . "  I think I played extremely well . He gave me a lot of looks , and I took advantage of it . " "  These are the moments I appreciate the most , going on those big stadiums , big stages , playing against the best people in the world . Playing against someone like Novak and coming out on top at this time of my career , it 's unbelievable . " Djokovic was magnanimous in defeat , praising his opponent while also admitting he was well below his own exceptionally high standards . "  All the credit to him , " said the Serb , who also lost to Juan Martin del Potro at the recent Indian Wells Masters event . "  He played a great match and he was the better player , no question about it . "  The results show everything . As far as I 'm concerned , it 's definitely the worst match I have played in a long time . " Haas advanced to play French 11th seed Gilles Simon , in what is the first all-European quarterfinal line-up in the event 's history . Djokovic 's defeat means second seed Andy Murray is the highest-ranked player left in the draw . The 2012 U.S. Open champion breezed beyond Italy 's Andreas Seppi to set up a last-eight meeting with Croatia 's Marin Cilic , who upset fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . No. 3 David Ferrer won in straight-sets against Japan 's Kei Nishikori , cruising to a 6-4 6-2 success . Spain 's Ferrer will play Austria 's Juergen Melzer for a place in the semifinals . The quarterfinal line-up is completed by fourth seed Tomas Berdych and Frenchman Richard Gasquet , who defeated Sam Querrey and Nicolas Almagro respectively .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic loses to Tommy Haas at Miami Masters The defeat is only Djokovic 's second the 2013 season Second seed Andy Murray beats Italian Andreas Seppi to reach the last eight The event has an all-European quarterfinal line-up for the first time
CNN  -- What could be bigger than the appointment of the first female minister in Saudi Arabia ? Saudi King Abdullah made more than one noteable appointment to his council of ministers . Possibly the appointment of a new minister of justice who may actually help her get equal rights with her male counterpart . Right now , Norah al-Faiz , the new deputy minister for women 's education , is bound by the same laws as every other woman in the land . She can do only what her closest male relative permits . For many women of her status and education , that law is interpreted liberally , but for the vast majority , it is not . Over the weekend , at a single stroke , King Abdullah set Saudi Arabia on what appears to be an irreversible new course , one of modernization . He replaced the conservative ministers of justice and the head of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice with people closer to his way of thinking . The king also appointed a new head of the central bank , SAMA -- widely seen by financial experts as a wise move -- and brought in young blood and fresh ideas to the Majlis al Shura , the closest thing the country has to a parliament . That these changes happened should not be a surprise . Since he took over as king in August 2005 , when his ailing half-brother Fahd died , King Abdullah has been working quietly to bring about change . Indeed , al-Faiz used to lead the king 's Center for National Dialogue , a sort of talking shop that allowed issues such as women 's rights to be debated . The hope was that as discussions about change bubbled up in national and regional arenas , they would also filter out to newspapers and onto television . It 's exactly what 's been happening . The king is well into his 80s and inherited many ministers and other top officials almost as old as him . Many had been in their posts for decades , and many , unlike the king , held their conservative upbringings more than half a century ago to be models for the country 's future . So when a judge recently upheld the marriage of a 47-year-old man to an 8-year old-girl , there was a public backlash . Why ? Because debate about this issue had percolated into the public arena . And suddenly the judge looked out of step with society . It 's not what made the king decide to replace the minister of justice ; it just highlights how his steady behind-the-scenes work has helped him outflank the sizeable conservative segment of Saudi society . What the king and many of his fellow royals have realized for a long time is that no country is an island , least of all one as rich and prosperous as Saudi Arabia . The kingdom 's large and rapidly growing young population watches satellite TV , surfs the Internet and chats on Blackberries with friends in Europe , and it expects a different future than the one currently on offer . The sweeping changes remove some of the ministers most likely to hold back the next generation . The old Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice commission head , who runs the religious police , is an example . He has been replaced with someone closer to the king 's thinking , according to a deputy minister I talked with . The religious police patrol shopping malls and streets , enforcing religious laws such as ones requiring women to keep their heads covered and refrain from talking to men who are n't their relatives . They rile the youngsters who strain for more freedom . But no one is expecting revolutionary change overnight . Saudi Arabia is not about to become a "  permissive society . " Religious law , long-held customs and deep religious principles are not up for negotiation . After all , the Saudi king derives respect and authority from his role as "  guardian " of Islam 's two holiest sites , Mecca and Medina . To be less than thoroughly religious would not wash , even with Saudi 's moderates . King Abdullah is calculating that he is making change at a pace people can cope with . On a recent visit to a shopping mall where religious police had taken a back seat for the past year , it seemed to me the octogenarian king is just about keeping up . The religious police were in the background , and among young girls in particular , headscarves were gone and lipstick was in bright abundance .	With minister picks , king appears to have put Saudi Arabia on a new course Woman at education post is kingdom 's first female minister Conservative justice minister , head of religious police have been replaced
CNN  -- When is bug spray more than just bug spray ? When it 's a compound that , according to researchers at Vanderbilt University , is thousands of times stronger than DEET , works on many different insects and could very well save lives . Scientists at the school say they 've developed just such a repellent . Known merely as VUAA1 for now , they say it works not just on mosquitoes , but also ants , flies , moths and a host of other bugs that , at best , are a nuisance and , at worst , carry deadly diseases like malaria . In fact , the project began as an effort to curb malaria , which will probably be contracted by as many as 500 million people this year , said Laurence Zwiebel , a professor in the biological science department at Vanderbilt University in Nashville . But researchers soon discovered the chemical compound they 'd created could have wider uses . "  It turns out if we found the world 's greatest mosquito repellent , no one would care , " Zweibel said . "  So we needed to find something that would work against all insects . " The trick , Zweibel says , was taking the way bug spray as we know it works , then doing the exact opposite . Most commercial insect repellents target the bug 's olfactory system -- the way it smells -- to make it harder for them to find us and consider us as targets for a meal . "  We decided to take a more aggressive approach and , rather than turn off the mosquito 's olfactory system , we could look for something that would turn it too far on , to see if we could design a new generation of insect repellents based on overloading their smell system , " Zweibel said . "  They hate , just like we hate , overstimulation . They will move away from too much smell . " The researchers , who were funded in part by a grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , say that , so far , VUAA1 has worked on every insect they 've tested it on . That widens the possibilities for it . Potential uses range from shooing away bugs that eat crops to a commercial product that can be used to keep pests out of the home . But the original goal , helping prevent a deadly disease that , according to the Centers for Disease Control killed more than 660,000 people in 2010 , remains foremost for Zwiebel and his team . "  Our hope is that we 're able to help develop a product that can be sold for profit in the developed world , and use that profit to leverage distribution in the developing world , " he said . "  Our hope is that every time we spray on a mosquito repellent here in America , we 're subsidizing malaria reduction in Africa and Asia . " The team has patented the compound . But there 's no word yet on when it might hit the shelves . For now , they 're doing tests to make sure it will be safe for people to use . "  So far , we do n't see any toxic effects , " Zwiebel said .	An insect repellent from Vanderbilt works on mosquitoes , ants and other bugs They say it 's thousands of times more powerful than DEET It works by flooding the bug 's system of smell They 've filed for a patent , but testing needed before it hits the market
CNN  -- Britain 's David Cameron and Germany 's Angela Merkel restated their commitment to a strong Europe Friday , as they sought to show a united front in the face of Europe 's debt crisis . Their talks in Berlin come amid tensions between the two nations over how to restore financial stability in Europe . "  The United Kingdom has a great interest , and very sensibly so , in seeing the eurozone being strong , " Merkel said . While Britain has some differences of opinion with Germany over the EU treaty and ways to boost competitiveness , she said , the two countries are tied by "  strong bonds of friendship . " Both will work closely together ahead of a meeting of European leaders next month , she said . Britain is the biggest economy in Europe outside the 17-nation eurozone , which uses the euro as its currency , while Germany is the economic powerhouse within it . The pair have not always agreed on the best ways to tackle the current debt crisis , which has seen attention focused on Italy and Greece in recent weeks . Senior members of Cameron 's Conservative Party have been calling for more powers to be brought back to Britain from Europe , as EU treaty changes are made to ensure economic stability . Cameron , who has previously expressed concern that Europe 's difficulties are affecting Britain 's economic recovery , also downplayed divisions between the countries as he stood alongside Merkel . "  We have had a very good discussion between very good friends , " he said . "  There are many things on which we are in absolute agreement . " However they have not made progress on plans for a European financial transactions tax , Merkel acknowledged . Britain opposes such a tax , fearing it could disadvantage London as a global financial center . Cameron called for the deal reached at a summit in Europe on October 27 to be implemented as soon as possible . The plan includes a series of measures to address the crisis , including debt relief for Greece , new capital requirements for banks and plans to build a financial "  firewall " around vulnerable euro area economies . "  A strong , successful and stable eurozone is in all our interests , " Cameron said . "  We need this crisis to be resolved . Britain , like Germany , has a big national interest in that happening . " And while the two do not agree on all matters , they can discuss and accommodate each other 's views , he said . Cameron met earlier Friday with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso in Brussels . Global markets have been volatile , as political turmoil linked to the financial crisis has forced a change of government in both Greece and Italy in the past week .	David Cameron is in Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel Cameron : "  A strong , successful and stable eurozone is in all our interests " The two countries are among the largest economies in Europe Europe is in the grip of a debt crisis that has shaken market confidence
CNN  -- It seems no-one in South Africa can fail to be gripped by World Cup football fever . The running , tackling , shooting , offside-appealing proof comes with a clutch of grannies who have been playing in a fiercely competitive league around the Nkowankowa township , 600 kilometers north of Johannesburg . A squad of 35 nans down domestic duties twice a week to take to the field for their team Vakhegula Vakhegula , and compete against seven other teams in the region . Some of them even credit the beautiful game as having turned their lives around . "  I like to play soccer because it helps , " said Nari Baloyi , who at 47-years-old , clocks in as one of the youngest players . "  We were sick , but now our temperatures , our blood pressures ... have gone down ... even our doctors are amazed when we go for a check-up . " One of the more elderly members , Nora Makhubela , is convinced that football has given her a new lease of life following the setback of suffering six strokes . "  My life has really changed ... if I were to run with you I would beat you even though I 'm much older , " she said , throwing down the gauntlet to the likes of Ronaldo , Messi et al. . "  My life has improved because of the football . I wish God could bless the person who came up with this great idea . " The women contribute around $ 1 a month each for footballs , kit , and travel to the bi-annual regional tournament . Dozens of noisy fans cheer on the players , with the distinctive sound of the vuvuzelas -- a South African trumpet -- creating an atmosphere that would be welcome at any European Champions League tie . Makhubela is hoping her new-found love of the game extends long enough for her to be able to watch some of the matches when the World Cup begins in June . "  I pray every day to God to keep me alive until 2010 . I would really love to watch the games , " she said . The team was formed three years ago to offer older women a chance to exercise and come together as a group , says community worker Beka Ntsanwisi . "  Some of them could n't even walk properly and if they did something in their free time they would be knitting or sewing and sitting all the time ... here they run , shout , fight with you ... it keeps them young , " she said . David Maake said his job coaching the team is the best he 's ever had . "  With young boys you need more money to achieve many things ... here , I may come with my stress ... but I will laugh so much until I forget everything , " he said . The team have even suggested they play a curtain raiser for the main event itself , a brainwave the footballing authorities have said they will give serious thought to . If the women do manage to take part as an hors d'oeuvre to the World Cup proper one thing is for sure , what they lack in skill they will make up for in enthusiasm .	Grannies in a South African township have taken up football The women have been inspired by World Cup fever in the country Some women have reported improving health as a result of playing the game The grannies may play a match as a curtain raiser to the tournament
San Diego  CNN  -- Welcome to America 's Finest City where the beaches are pristine , the downtown is spotless , but -- if you believe the accusers -- the mayor is filthy . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department has set up a hotline for women who believe they are victims of sexual harassment by San Diego Mayor Bob Filner . The city attorney 's office asked its lawyers , particularly females , as far back as February not to meet with the mayor unless a witness is present . Recently , Filner was restricted from meeting with women alone at city facilities . Every few days , more women come forward to tell their stories . Filner is taking two weeks off in August -- not for vacation , but for intensive therapy to treat what seems to be a behavioral disorder . Secrets that women of San Diego no long keep about its mayor Is that what they call it these days ? In the 1970s , when Filner began his 20-year career as a university history professor -- after which came a stint on the San Diego City Council and another 20 years in Congress -- we might just as easily have said that he was a lech and left it at that . Now we think everything is curable . Take a pill . Go to therapy . Attend meetings . But there might not be a cure for what ails Filner . It has afflicted the 70-year-old for too long . Over the last few weeks , seven women have stepped forward to say that Filner said or did something inappropriate . The accusations range from crude comments to unwanted advances to bullying to the infamous "  Filner headlock . " Let 's say it 's not just a friendly hug . In one of the latest developments in this soap opera by the sea , Filner wants the city to cover his legal expenses to fight a lawsuit filed by one of the women , Irene McCormack Jackson , who is a former employee . Jackson was the first woman to accuse Filner publicly of impropriety . Her 11-page lawsuit alleges that Filner asked her to "  get naked " and to kiss him . The San Diego City Council is set to discuss Filner 's request this week . The council should deny the request and make Filner pay his own legal bills . He obviously has a problem , and he 's admitted as much by going to therapy . "  Let me be absolutely clear , " Filner said in a statement . "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong . My failure to respect women , and the intimidating contact is inexcusable . " Filner must have known about his failings , while he was in Congress and before he ran for mayor . He needs to take personal responsibility and pay for his own legal defense . Of course , what Filner really needs to do -- before the list of accusers gets any longer -- is resign . That 's what Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California says . During an appearance Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union With Candy Crowley , " the senator said that Filner "  lacks a moral compass " and that he should make it easier on himself , his city , and fellow Democrats by stepping down . In California Democratic circles , once you 've lost Feinstein , it 's game over . For a politician , the only thing worse than being caught in a sex scandal is being caught in a sex scandal at the same time as someone else . That all but ensures extra coverage by the media , as the two of you will be paired together in the same paragraph in story after story . Filner has company , a fellow Democrat with whom he served in Congress . New Yorkers are suffering through the "  sext-capades " of Anthony Weiner . The supposedly rehabilitated amateur photographer wants to be mayor of New York , but he has fallen to fourth place among Democratic contenders in the polls since admitting he engaged in the same behavior that caused him to resign from Congress in disgrace . As I watch the Weiner drama from afar , I ca n't help but think that one of the factors hurting his candidacy is that his public relations machine had gone to such great lengths to portray him as "  all better " when it turns out he 's not . New Yorkers do n't like being played for suckers , and now Weiner is experiencing their wrath . Filner should watch and learn . He 'll be back from his two-week leave of absence soon enough . Then what ? "  When I return on August 19 , " he told reporters , "  my focus will be on making sure that I am doing right by the city in terms of being the best mayor that I can be and the best person I must be . " Is it really that easy for someone to get rid of a disorder that has plagued him for decades ? I do n't think so . When he returns to office , Filner might just get into more trouble with women . And if and when that happens , he 'll experience the same public backlash that Weiner has . He might not need to resign . A recall effort is already under way . And hell hath no fury like a voter who thinks he 's being played for a fool . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Seven women have come forward to say San Diego mayor was sexually inappropriate Ruben Navarrette : Mayor Bob Filner is going to therapy , but it 's unlikely to cure longtime problem Filner is being sued and wants city to pay his legal bills , he says , but that 's ridiculous Navarrette : What Filner really needs to do is resign , because problem is not going away
Every time I hear about another case of a woman breastfeeding her baby in a restaurant , department store or on a plane who is asked to cover up , head to the bathroom or leave altogether , I wonder why in 2014 we remain so incredibly uncomfortable with breastfeeding in public . In one of the most recent examples that garnered national attention , a mom in Beverly Hills says she was escorted to the bathroom at an Anthropologie store when she was breastfeeding her six-week-old baby . Outraged , she took to social media and less than a day later more than 100 women staged a "  nurse-in " at the store to protest . Beaverton , Oregon , was the site of another recent "  nurse-in " after a breastfeeding mom was asked to cover up in a restaurant . In both cases , reaction was decidedly mixed . There were plenty who were as furious as the breastfeeding mothers and pointed to California and Oregon laws , which allow women to breastfeed in any public or private location with the exception of someone else 's private home . But there were also plenty of voices in the anti-breastfeeding-in-public camp . "  It 's not about what 's ` legal , ' " wrote one reader on the Oregon Live website . "  It 's more about what 's ` right . ' And the effects our choices have on the people around us . A simple burp rag over the child and the problem goes away . " Why at a time when celebrities bare nearly all and are celebrated for it  for example , consider Kim Kardashian leaving little to the imagination at the recent MTV Video Music Awards  do we as a society still seem so put off by a woman using her breasts for what they were made for ? "  Many times you will see more ` cleavage ' in the name of fashion than you ever would from a mom feeding her child , " said Raivon Lee , a breastfeeding mom of a 19-month-old . Let me just say right here that this is not a piece on the benefits of breastfeeding or a push to make the case that "  breast is best " and encourage women to breastfeed . This is strictly about why the sight of public breastfeeding still makes so many people squeamish and what it will take to make breastfeeding in public as welcome as giving a baby a bottle . Lee , who lives in Atlanta and hosts a blog called Vain Mommy , believes people 's "  uneasiness " with breastfeeding in public stems from the perception of women as sexual objects . "  Women buy into that idea , " she said . "  If we use our breasts for anything other than ` play ' it 's not okay . " Earlier this month , in connection with Breastfeeding Awareness Month , Lee joined 50 other nursing moms , members of a group called the "  Badass Breastfeeders of Atlanta , " for a "  Big Latch On " event where they nursed together in public and were joined by their families and other bystanders . Part of the goal , says Lee , was to help communities support breastfeeding in public places . "  The message is simply : Nursing is normal anytime , anywhere ... any way . " Lee says she 's never been asked to leave a restaurant or store while she was breastfeeding but says it 's probably because she 's a "  shy " nurser , who has been self-conscious because of people 's discomfort with breastfeeding in public . "  Sadly , it has affected me , and I 'm sure other moms have been  affected  too . " Years of experience have certainly made some mothers , like Stephanie Dulli of Washington much more comfortable breastfeeding in public . On Facebook , Dulli shared how with her first baby , she nursed privately in the back room of her home when company was over . With her second , she nursed publicly but covered up . With her third baby , who is 2 months old , she says she "  answered the door for the UPS guy while nursing , uncovered and did n't even notice . " "  Nursing is just something I do now , " said Dulli , who blogs about parenting at Stephanie Says . "  I 'm not embarrassed or ashamed . When I 'm in public I do try to be thoughtful to others but I nurse whenever  the  baby is hungry . " Dulli says she has never been asked by anyone to leave a public place while breastfeeding . "  I 'd love to see them try ! " she told me . "  I 've nursed everywhere from the South Lawn of the White House to the National Cathedral to airplanes and Little League dug outs and no one has said anything ! " When I asked Dulli what she thinks it will take for us to be as comfortable with a woman breastfeeding in public as we are with a mom giving her baby a bottle in public , she said "  time . " "  I think by the time my daughter is nursing ... it wo n't be a big deal , " she said . Lee , the Atlanta mom of one , says the way to make public breastfeeding more acceptable is to make "  working breasts more visible . " "  We as moms , myself included , need to be bold and comfortable with nursing in public , " says Lee . "  We are n't doing anything wrong . If our child is hungry , we should pull our breast out just as we would a bottle . The breast was the first bottle . " Lee said more education is also needed . "  As silly as it sounds , we need to educate the community on the fact that breastfeeding is indeed normal , natural and okay " . Judgment of any mother 's feeding choice needs to stop , say moms . Because some people 's discomfort with public breastfeeding may stem from their own insecurities about breastfeeding or a feeling that the "  breast is best " crowd is passing judgment on those who choose not to breastfeed or those who ca n't . Michelle Noehren , founder of CTWorkingMoms.com , is not uncomfortable when she sees women breastfeeding in public but believes we need to do more to support all women 's choices . Noehren said she had every intention of breastfeeding but after her daughter 's birth , which was traumatic , she needed to stop breastfeeding to take medication to cope with the trauma . "  Through my personal experience I learned to be less judgmental of other parents ' feeding choices because I realized that sometimes not breastfeeding is n't even a choice ; it 's simply not possible , " said Noehren , who has a 3-year-old daughter . "  I also think that women who choose formula from the start , for whatever reason , should not be made to feel guilty . " It 's a matter of respect . "  Women deserve the right to be in control of what we do with our bodies , " Noehren said . Do you think people are still squeamish about breastfeeding ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Kelly Wallace ca n't understand why society is so squeamish about nursing in 2014 Mom helped stage a "  nurse-in " after she was escorted to bathroom while nursing Another mom says breastfeeding "  uneasiness " has to do with views on sexuality
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Smooth jazz saxophonist Kenny G wants everyone to know that he 's not a foreign agitator trying to defy the Chinese Communist Party . Pleading ignorance , the musician has deleted a selfie he took at Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests after the Chinese Foreign Ministry  $ " which has claimed the protests are fueled by outside agents  $ " declared Kenny G was participating an "  illegal activity . " In a panicked social media message , the musician insisted "  I am not supporting the demonstrators . " "  I was not trying to defy government orders with my last post , " he wrote on Twitter . "  I do n't really know anything about the situation and my impromptu visit to the site was just part of an innocent walk around Hong Kong . " Who 's who in the Hong Kong protests ? Kenny G is hugely popular in China . One of his tunes , "  Going Home , " is played in shopping malls and train stations at closing time , and is even used as a ringtone or a doorbell chime . His surprise visit on Wednesday had excited pro-democracy supporters in the city , where protests against Chinese restrictions on Hong Kong 's election system have continued into a stubborn fourth week . Demonstrators initially saw his visit as show of support , only to become angry when the artist explained that was n't true . "  It comes across as if you are protecting your own capitalistic income and your own brand ... yet Hong Kong is fighting for its life , " wrote the most-liked response to Kenny G 's message . "  Very disappointing and cowardly of you to offer this pathetic clarity . " Kenny G is n't the only celebrity to draw the ire of Beijing during the protests . According to Hong Kong media , Chinese propaganda officials have ordered state-run media to erase any mentions of 47 celebrities who are believed to support the Hong Kong protests , including martial arts star Chow Yun Fat .	Jazz musician Kenny G has deleted a selfie he posted at Hong Kong 's protests "  I am not supporting the demonstrators , " he wrote . "  I do n't really know anything about the situation " The Chinese government said Kenny G 's visit was supporting "  illegal activities . " Kenny G is hugely popular in China , where his song "  Going Home " is well-known
CNN  -- Modern medicine is remarkable , but only if you have access to it . In many countries , including the United States , people are suffering because they ca n't get the health care they need . Three everyday people are trying to help change that , though . Georges Bwelle , Richard Nares and Laura Stachel , three of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes , are medical marvels dedicated to improving other people 's health . Here 's how each of them , in his or her own way , is trying to save lives : Georges Bwelle The problem : In Cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the World Health Organization . For comparison 's sake , the ratio in the United States is one doctor for every 413 people . And even if they could see a physician , many Cameroonians could n't afford it . Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three-quarters of the country 's health-care spending is private . "  The only problem they have is poverty , " Bwelle said . "  And with poverty , they ... can not enjoy their life . " How Bwelle took action : Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer , Bwelle was determined to do something about it . He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon in Yaounde 's Central Hospital . And he started a nonprofit , ASCOVIME , that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care . Since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people . Each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care . Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases . Others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that 's required for school but that many impoverished families simply ca n't afford . In the evenings , the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia . Operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person . "  We are receiving 500 people in each trip , " Bwelle said . "  They are coming from 60 kilometers  37 miles  around the village , and they 're coming on foot . " Richard Nares The problem : For many children fighting cancer , it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . When Nares ' 3-year-old son , Emilio , was being treated in 1998 for leukemia , Nares met many families who struggled : Single moms forced to take leave from jobs without pay , kids having to ride the bus alone to their chemotherapy appointments , siblings left home alone . Nares said it broke his heart . "  It 's extremely tough , not just emotionally , but now financially , " he said . "  Sometimes , both parents have to either leave their job or cut back severely . Some ... do n't have  an  extra $ 10 to pay for cafeteria food . " How Nares took action : When Emilio died , his father decided he had watched too many people struggle . He went back to the hospital in San Diego where Emilio had received most of his treatment , and he asked how he could help . "  Transportation , " they said . So Nares started picking up families in his old Buick . "  I was going every day , picking up families all over the county , " he said . Soon , however , Nares could n't handle the number of requests that were coming in . So he teamed up with nurses and social workers from the hospital to create a formal transportation program . He hired a driver , formalized a schedule for pickups and drop-offs and started the Emilio Nares Foundation in 2003 . "  No child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation , " Nares said . Laura Stachel The problem : During a two-week trip to Nigeria in 2008 , Stachel witnessed countless times when the lives of mothers and babies were at risk simply because of a lack of reliable electricity . Pregnant women would arrive at the hospital with severe complications , but without adequate light to treat them , procedures had to be compromised or delayed until daylight . Some women were even turned away . "  I realized that my skills as an obstetrician-gynecologist were utterly useless  without  something as basic as light and electricity , " Stachel said . Stachel said midwives in Nigeria use all kinds of makeshift lighting when they deliver babies : kerosene lanterns , candles , even cell phones . "  That 's not adequate light for maternity care , " she said . How Stachel took action : With the help of Hal Aronson , her husband and a solar energy educator , Stachel developed a special solar energy kit that can easily provide much-needed light and power for medical equipment . Since 2009 , the kits have been helping healthcare workers save lives not only in Nigeria but in facilities throughout Africa , Asia and Central America . "  I really want a world where women can deliver babies safely and with dignity , " Stachel said . Check out all of this year 's CNN Heroes	Three of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes are dedicated to saving people 's lives Georges Bwelle runs free medical clinics in the poorest parts of Cameroon Richard Nares is giving children rides to their chemotherapy appointments in San Diego Laura Stachel created a solar energy kit to make sure babies are delivered safely
CNN  -- In a battle over healthier school lunches that pitted the Obama administration against school children , chalk up a point for the kids . Students have been complaining that some of their favorite foods were taken off the plate because of the Obama administration 's efforts to make school lunches healthier . High school students in Kansas made a video called "  We Are Hungry , " complete with feigned fainting that 's been viewed more than a million times on YouTube . Last week , the administration reversed some of the new school lunch rules , and the kids are happy again , says Dave Porter , superintendent of Wallace County , Kansas , schools . "  Even though we 're a small town in rural western Kansas , Washington did hear us , " he said . "  Our concerns were listened to . " Under the original rules , which went into effect at the beginning of the school year , schools could n't serve spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread because it includes too many grains . A grilled chicken sandwich with a side order of celery sticks and a bit of peanut butter for dipping was also forbidden because it made for too many servings of protein . Now , garlic bread and peanut butter are back on the plate . "  These changes are wonderful . They give us back flexibility , " said Sandra Ford , president of the national School Nutrition Association . Do you agree with the changes ? Some of the original changes just did n't make sense , Ford said . For example , she had to stop serving her own students peanut butter and jelly sandwiches some days because the bread put her over the federal government 's grain limit . "  Children cried , " said Ford , director of food and nutrition services at Manatee County , Florida , schools . "  For some of them peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are all they would eat . " Video : ` No fat kids at school ? ' Schools still have to follow calorie limits and fruit and vegetable requirements that were part of the healthier school lunch changes . The secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which administers the school lunch program , said it anticipated some modifications would need to be made in the school lunch rules . "  USDA has asked for , and states and schools have provided us with , valuable feedback , " Secretary Thomas Vilsack wrote in a letter last week to Sen. John Hoeven , R-North Dakota , who had expressed concern about the changes .	Students complained federal school lunch rules removed their favorites The Obama administration has reversed some of the new lunch rules "  Children cried " over the loss of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , one director says
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- Synagogues across metropolitan Chicago , Illinois , began taking "  appropriate precautions " Friday after a warning by security officials to watch out for suspicious packages from abroad , according to a Jewish Federation spokeswoman . President Barack Obama said that two packages that apparently contained explosive materials were bound for two synagogues in Chicago . While there were "  no identifiable or specific threats , " an FBI official in Chicago said suspicious packages addressed to U.S. destinations found on cargo planes abroad warranted the precautions . "  Since two of the suspicious packages that were intercepted were addressed to religious institutions in Chicago , all churches , synagogues and mosques in the Chicago area should be vigilant for any unsolicited or unexpected packages , especially those originating from overseas locations , " said FBI Special Agent Ross Rice . The Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago was contacted by federal officials Friday morning to urge the organization to be on alert for suspicious packages , spokeswoman Linda Haase said . "  We are taking appropriate precautions , and we are advising local synagogues to do the same , " Haase said . The Anti-Defamation League said it alerted synagogues across the United States to increase mailroom security after federal security officials informed the organization of "  a reported threat to Jewish institutions in the form of packages mailed from overseas , particularly Great Britain , Yemen and Saudi Arabia . " Haase said she had not heard reports of Chicago congregations altering plans for services on Friday evening , the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath . "  We generally pay careful attention to packages coming to the synagogue , accepting only those we 're expecting or from a known sender , " Steven Bob , the rabbi at a synagogue in the western Chicago suburbs . "  Today we were extra careful . " Bob said that there was plenty of email and phone traffic among Chicago Jewish leaders responding to news of the plot on Friday but that he did n't think worshippers would be deterred from Friday services . "  We live in a world that contains some people that are hostile to us and we want to respond to that hostility with caution , " said Bob , who leads Etz Chaim in Lombard , Illinois . "  At the same time , we 're not going to go hide in the basement . " "  I may say a word or two about this tonight , but I do n't think it 's worthy of a sermon , " he said Friday . "  What am I going to say , that I 'm opposed to terrorism ? " Lucille Price , a receptionist at Anshe Emet Synagogue , said Chicago police made them aware of the reports and asked them to keep an eye out for suspicious packages among any deliveries that arrived Friday . Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles , California , said that if synagogues were indeed the intended recipients of the packages , "  this is just another indication of the dangerous world we live in where Jews are the principal target . " But congregation leaders at two prominent Chicago synagogues , Temple Sholom and Chicago Sinai Congregation , said they were not made aware of any attempts to ship bombs or hazardous material to them . CNN 's Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Chicago Jewish leaders are continuing with plans for Friday evening services President Obama says 2 suspicious packages were bound for Chicago synagogues Anti-Defamation League urges all U.S. synagogues to increase mailroom security The Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago was warned Friday morning
The Turkish government banned YouTube on Thursday , less than a week after Ankara made a similar blackout of the social networking site Twitter , which is estimated to have more than 10 million Turkish users . Neither website can be reached on Turkish Internet networks . The crackdown comes just days before Turks are expected to go to the polls in nationwide municipal elections . The Turkish government said its YouTube block came as a response to the leak of a conversation between top government officials purportedly discussing the possibility of going to war with neighboring Syria . Turkey 's top media regulating agency announced a similar ban on the broadcast of the conversation to television and radio channels . "  It is seen as appropriate that a temporary broadcast ban be implemented on the voice recordings on social media and alleged to be between the foreign minister , the head of the National Intelligence Agency and military officials , " the Radio and Television Supreme Council -- Turkey 's chief media regulating agency -- announced on its website . Turkey 's political elite has been battered by a campaign of wiretap leaks recorded by unknown operatives and distributed daily for more than a month on the Internet . Until Wednesday , all of the wiretaps seemed to be recordings of phone conversations between Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , his inner circle , government officials and some top corporate executives . Erdogan has called some recordings "  immorally edited material , " including a conversation in which a man who sounds like the Prime Minister purportedly instructs his son to hide tens of millions of dollars in cash from police investigators . But he has also confirmed the authenticity of other wiretaps , in which he is heard instructing the head of a major television news network to cut short the live broadcast of a rival politician 's speech in Parliament . Turkey 's government has accused social media platforms , including Twitter and Facebook , of being used to spread false information and lies since the leaked , high-level conversations from inside the current government have spread online . "  We 're seeing reports that some users are not able to access YouTube in Turkey . There is no technical issue on our side and we 're looking into the situation , " a Google spokesperson said in a statement . YouTube is owned by Google . Unlike previously leaked recordings -- which all sounded like telephone conversations -- the recording released on Wednesday sounds like audio coming from a microphone planted in a room where a meeting is being held . Male Turkish voices can be heard discussing whether to send troops into neighboring Syria , where Turkey has supported rebels against the government in Damascus during a conflict that has lasted more than three years . "  Monitoring such a meeting of a highly confidential nature which was held at a location such as the office of the Foreign Minister , where the most sensitive security issues of the State are discussed and releasing these conversations to the public are a despicable attack , an act of espionage and a very serious crime against the national security of Turkey , " announced Turkey 's Foreign Ministry in a statement on Thursday . The recording suggests a major security breach within the halls of the country 's Foreign Ministry . The bans on Twitter and YouTube may be followed by a broader crackdown on the Internet . An official at Turkey 's prime ministry , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told CNN , "  If there are recordings similarly threatening to national security , there can be similar precautions taken on other social media . " This week a Turkish court overruled the government 's ban of Twitter , but the website is still blocked . According to legal procedures , Turkish authorities have 30 days to implement the court injunction .	Turkish authorities have blocked YouTube days after banning Twitter Government action comes after alleged conversations about war with Syria are leaked The leak is "  a despicable attack , an act of espionage , " the Foreign Ministry says Google , which owns YouTube , is looking into the blocking , a spokesperson says
CNN  -- Legendary rock band Heart received the 2,481 st star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Tuesday . Founding members Ann and Nancy Wilson unveiled the terrazzo tile in front of an excited crowd that included their children , members of Alice in Chains , and actress-singer Rita Wilson , who recalled driving down Mulholland Drive during the '70s in -- you guessed it -- her parent 's Barracuda . "  When I was a teenager in Hollywood , " Wilson said , "  I became aware of a powerful rock band that was fronted by two women , two sisters , two chicks who rocked the house . " Ann and Nancy Wilson busted the rock 'n' roll boys club wide open in 1976 when they released their debut disc , "  Dreamboat Annie . " The album included singles "  Magic Man " and "  Crazy on You . " It showcased Ann 's powerful vocals and her younger sister 's prodigious guitar skills . Heart 's second record , "  Little Queen , " produced the anthem "  Barracuda , " which has been the group 's signature song since 1977 . In a testosterone-fueled genre , the Wilson sisters proved two women could front their own rock band , play their own instruments and write their own music . "  We never considered the gender aspect of it when we first started , " Ann told CNN after the ceremony . "  We just thought , ` Why ca n't we ? ' " "  It was just sort of being , not girlfriends of the Beatles , or wives of the Beatles -- we wanted to BE the Beatles , " said Nancy . But breaking down barriers was n't easy , Nancy said , noting , "  Being taken seriously was always the biggest challenge . " The two sisters also gave a shout-out to their children , thanking them for their patience as Heart toured the world . "  The guilt ! " exclaimed Ann . "  We 're moms ! " "  When we 're home we like to cook , and be together and do mom things when we can , " Nancy explained . "  But we 're the CEOs of the Heart corporation . Our job causes us to travel like a lot of CEO-type women , so they 've been really beautiful about being proud of us and being there for us . " Heart is currently in the midst of a North American tour that will hit more than 50 cities by the time it wraps up in mid-November . The sisters recently released their first book , "  Kicking & Dreaming , " and their new studio album , "  Fanatic , " will hit store shelves on October 2 .	Heart 's first album , "  Dreamboat Annie , " was released in 1976 Sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson proved two women could front their own rock band Their new studio album , "  Fanatic , " will hit store shelves on October 2
CNN  -- It happened in just seconds , by all accounts . A pistol in the hands of a 4-year-old boy went off Saturday , killing Josephine Fanning , the 48-year-old wife of Wilson County Sheriff 's Deputy Daniel Fanning . The tragedy has shaken the town of Lebanon , Tennessee , a community just east of Nashville beside itself with grief . Days after the Tennessee shooting , the intersection between children and guns emerged again , this time in Toms River , New Jersey . A 4-year-old boy shot another boy , age 6 , in the head with a .22 - caliber rifle Monday night . They were playing in a yard , police said . The boy died Tuesday . As the gunplay persists , lawmakers in Washington wrestled this week with the divisive politics of firearms . In Tennessee , the woman died during what had been a lazy , happy day at a home cookout . Deputy Fanning and a relative went into a bedroom to look at some of the lawman 's guns , said Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Kristin Helm . Later , Josephine Fanning and the boy -- who was the deputy 's 4-year-old nephew -- walked into the room . At some point , the boy picked up a loaded pistol from a bed , Helm said . It was the deputy 's personal weapon , not his service pistol , she said . With a single shot , Fanning 's wife was dead . The deputy and Josephine had been married only about a year . In an unusual move , Deputy Fanning told his story in an e-mail he sent to CNN affiliate WKRN . He wrote that he had set down his off-duty weapon "  only seconds before the tragedy . " "  I would like the viewers to know that officers of Wilson County do not make a habit of leaving loaded guns simply lying around , " he wrote . "  The door to the room the accident happened in stays locked unless we were sleeping or we were in it , " Fanning wrote . "  This was the only loaded gun in the house other than my duty weapon , which was locked away . " Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan said Fanning had been showing "  another person that was there at the house some of his weapons he had locked in a secure gun safe , " reported CNN affiliate WTVF . No one saw the boy enter the room , WTVF quoted Bryan as saying . "  Split second , " Bryan said . "  We 're talking about seconds for that kid to walk in that room unbeknownst to them , grab that gun and it goes off . " "  He took all the precautions , he 's a trained law enforcement officer , trains with weapons all the time . " Deputy Fanning also works as a school resource officer at Lebanon 's Sam Houston Elementary , reported CNN affiliate WSMV . The state bureau said it has taken all witness statements and its initial investigation is complete , but the bureau 's case will remain open until the final autopsy and evidence is analyzed in the crime lab , Helm said . No charges have been filed , said the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , which looks into incidents involving law enforcement officers . "  Nobody is immune to this , " Bryan told WSMV . "  It does n't matter if you are a law enforcement officer . These things can happen in seconds . " Opinion : Make guns smart CNN 's Julia Talanova , Matt Smith and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Two young boys are involved in a shooting in New Jersey A pistol in the hands of a 4-year-old boy fired , killing a deputy 's wife in Tennessee The deputy describes what happened in an unusual e-mail to CNN affiliate WKRN Deputy : Wilson County officers "  do not make a habit of leaving loaded guns simply lying around "
CNN  The $ 4 trillion budget President Barack Obama sent Congress on Monday is his blueprint for reviving "  middle class opportunity . " Liberals are thrilled by the redistributive thrust of the president 's budget -- it would hit affluent Americans with a battery of new tax hikes , totaling $ 2 trillion over the next decade , and use the proceeds to finance substantial tax cuts for low and middle income families . However , this has , of course , scandalized tax-averse congressional Republicans , who echo House Ways and Means Chairman Paul Ryan in denouncing the Obama budget as an exercise in "  envy economics . " Given the partisan stalemate in Washington , many pundits therefore view the White House budget as a purely political statement intended to frame the 2016 presidential debate . Next , the GOP Congress will produce a conservative alternative , and each side will spend the next two years accusing the other of waging class warfare . Except that the federal government actually does need a budget , especially one that reinforces the economy 's gathering momentum . The one thing both parties seem to agree on is that reversing middle class stagnation is the nation 's top priority . What America needs more than anything else is a long stretch of robust economic growth , something we have not seen since the 1990s , when both the growth and unemployment rates averaged about 4 percent a year . It 's true that stronger growth alone ultimately may not suffice to restore mass upward mobility . In the absence of real wealth creation , however , a politics of redistribution can only sustain a fleeting illusion of shared prosperity . Although it does n't go far enough in this direction , the Obama budget does contain some important growth-enhancing features . For example , it proposes to spend $ 478 billion to repair and modernize America 's aging roads , airports and other infrastructure over the next six years . This initiative would be funded by a one-time , 14 % tax on offshore profits , which the White House considers more likely to attract GOP support than raising the gas tax . The Obama budget also calls for a 6 % increase in federal R&D funding , especially for biomedical research . Public investment that replenishes America 's depleted stock of physical and knowledge capital is crucial to putting the U.S. economy back on a high-growth path . In addition , the president wants funding for seven more manufacturing institutes that enlist companies , governments and universities to put America in the vanguard of advanced manufacturing , including 3-D printing . There 's also more money for career training and on-the-job apprenticeships , as well as an intriguing Upward Mobility Project aimed at spurring enterprise in impoverished communities . Also good for the economy is Obama 's call to ease the sequester 's suffocating grip on discretionary spending . His budget would raise next year 's spending cap by $ 74 billion , to be divided equally between defense and domestic spending . This would reduce the fiscal drag produced by deep cutbacks in current spending -- an untimely dose of austerity that the Congressional Budget Office says shaved more than a point off the economy 's growth rate . It would also pit penny pinching Republicans against U.S. military leaders and GOP hawks , led by Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain , who warns that the caps are weakening the nation 's defense . The controversial centerpiece of the president 's budget is a grab bag of big tax changes that take from the rich to give to , well , everyone else . These include a minimum tax on millionaires ; a higher capital gains tax  including on inherited wealth  ; and limits on the value of itemized deductions claimed by the wealthy . There 's also a new tax on the nation 's 100 largest banks . Surging revenues would pay for an array of costly tax breaks for families with modest incomes , including a tax credit for second earners , an expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit for workers without children and a tripling of the child tax credit . But while there 's no doubt the overall effect would be to make federal taxes more progressive , it would also make the code even more insanely complicated . Unfortunately , Obama 's budget stops short of a comprehensive tax reform that would close loopholes for both individuals and corporations and use the added revenues to reduce rates for all taxpayers . Most economists believe that junking , or at least limiting , a host of special preferences and tax breaks would reduce economic distortions , promote more efficient use of capital , and generally make federal taxes fairer and simpler . Nonetheless , the president 's proposals for reforming business taxes could be more appealing to Republicans . The budget proposes to cut the top corporate rate from 35 % to 28 % , which would help U.S. businesses compete globally . President Obama also calls for a new 19 % minimum tax on global profits , which would reduce the risk that U.S. companies would have to pay tax twice on those profits . Finally , the Obama budget does disappointingly little to reorient U.S. fiscal policy around investment and growth . As Gene Steuerle , a veteran fiscal analyst writes in his invaluable book , "  Dead Men Ruling , " decisions made by dead or retired politicians have radically constrained contemporary lawmakers ' freedom of action . For most of U.S. history , politicians could spend or cut taxes confident in the knowledge that economic growth would make budget deficits temporary and create fiscal space for new initiatives . But now , says Steuerle , the cost of maintaining the government 's cumulative commitments exceeds expected revenues . Congress , in short , is wearing fiscal handcuffs . Lawmakers ca n't launch fresh initiatives to tackle contemporary problems without either piling on new debt or reneging on old commitments  to spend more , or tax less  . What 's more , as the nation ages , more of our resources are channeled into automatic , formula-driven spending on current consumption -- mainly through Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security -- leaving fewer dollars to invest in children and families or future economic growth . No one expects President Obama to solve this problem unilaterally , especially with a Republican Party so addled by anti-government populism that it ca n't distinguish between consumption spending and genuine economic and social investment . But neither can America afford a federal budget so paralyzed by old promises and interest group gridlock that it is essentially a blueprint for national decline . That 's why progressives need a strategy for reclaiming their fiscal freedom -- and the ability to invest in America 's future .	President Obama this week announced new budget proposal Will Marshall : Progressives need strategy for reclaiming freedom to invest
CNN  -- Adventure-loving billionaire Richard Branson is known for reaching for the stars , but now he 's set his sights on a final frontier a little closer to home : the deepest parts of the ocean floor . Branson announced his undersea exploration venture , Virgin Oceanic , earlier this month , and in a recent interview with CNN , he discussed the plans for his upcoming voyage to the bottom of the seabed . "  There have been about 400 people who have been into space but pretty well nobody has been down and explored the big trenches in the oceans , " said the founder of the Virgin business empire . "  I am planning to go down in the Puerto Rican trench . It goes down further than Everest is high ... about 28,000 feet . " The airplane-shaped Virgin Oceanic sub is built from carbon fiber and titanium , with a bubble-like quartz viewing dome made to withstand over 6 million kilograms of pressure . According to Virgin Oceanic , the "  flying " sub has overcome two big obstacles facing deep-sea explorers : extreme cold and pressures of over 1,000 atmospheres  about the same as 8,000 elephants standing on a Mini Cooper  . Picking up where Steve Fossett -- Branson 's close friend and fellow adventurer who perished in a flying accident in 2007 -- left off , the sub 's sophisticated design will allow it to travel to depths of 36,000 feet -- about double that of previous advanced subs , according to Branson . "  We hope we built it right , " he said . "  The Americans , Germans and the Chinese have tried before but they have never been able to get below 18,000 feet -- so it 's been quite a technological feat . " However , the British entrepreneur is all too aware of potential perils . According to him , two things could go wrong . "  One , obviously , is the catastrophic failure of the sub , " he admitted . "  Hopefully we 'll hear pinging sounds as the carbon fiber starts to break and at that stage you just do n't go any further . " The other possibility , Branson warned , is that of getting caught up in fishing nets at the bottom and not being able to resurface . However , the 60-year-old father of two remains philosophical : "  There are risks involved in trying to push the boundaries forward . There were risks involved when man first went into space and we will do everything we can to avoid any catastrophic problems . " Although the sub is expected to smash up to 30 diving records , Branson insists that the exploration is about much more than sheer adventure . "  There 's thousands of species that man does n't know exists and we are going to come up with some extraordinary photographs of the most extraordinary creatures that mankind has never seen , " he said . Indeed , the mission behind the Virgin Oceanic expedition includes a brief to "  assist science in understanding our eco-system and raise awareness of the challenges facing our oceans . " Unlike his suborbital-space-flight company , Virgin Galactic , the new expedition is not accepting paying passengers . Rather , it will comprise only five deep-sea dives , each one carrying just one person , to the deepest points in each of the five oceans . So , is Branson nervous to be one of the solo voyagers ? "  I am sure there will be a few flutters in the stomach as one goes down -- it 's going to take about three hours to reach the bottom of the sea , " he said . But he 's no stranger to danger . Having launched Virgin Records in the 1970s and amassing a fortune in various holdings , which include an airline and rail group , Branson has used his money to fund such exploits as circumnavigating the globe in a hot air balloon as well as various sailing records . And what does his wife think about this latest venture ? "  She 'd much rather I was doing it than my kids , " he quipped , adding that as long as he signed a piece of paper leaving her Necker Island -- his private island hideaway in the Caribbean -- "  she 'd be fine . "	Virgin Oceanic sub will be capable of traveling twice as deep as anything before Branson will be diving alone to the Puerto Rican trench , which is 28,000 feet deep Five record-breaking dives are planned in mission to accumulate data on undiscovered marine life
CNN  -- Call it what you will -- providence , fate or simply a stroke of incredibly good luck -- Colorado shooting victim Petra Anderson has some of it . Anderson , 22 , sustained multiple gunshot wounds in the movie theater rampage last week . Three shotgun pellets hit her arm , and one went through her nose into her brain . The head injury could have been fatal , but thanks in part to a brain abnormality she never knew she had , Anderson is on her way to a full recovery , according to her pastor . He said there 's just one way to describe what happened : "  a miracle . " Remembering the victims "  The doctor explains that Petra 's brain has had from birth a small ` defect ' in it . It is a tiny channel of fluid running through her skull , like a tiny vein through marble , or a small hole in an oak board , winding from front to rear , " Brad Strait , senior pastor at Cherry Creek Presbyterian Church in Englewood , Colorado , wrote on his blog this week . "  Like a marble through a small tube , the defect channels the bullet from Petra 's nose through her brain . It turns slightly several times , and comes to rest at the rear of her brain . And in the process , the bullet misses all the vital areas of the brain . In many ways , it almost misses the brain itself , " he said . "  In Christianity we call it prevenient grace : God working ahead of time for a particular event in the future . It 's just like the God I follow to plan the route of a bullet through a brain long before Batman ever rises . Twenty-two years before , " Strait wrote . Anderson was one of 58 people wounded when a gunman opened fire early Friday inside a screening of the new Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " at a theater in Aurora , Colorado . Twelve people were killed . Gun background checks in Colorado spike after shooting Andrew Roblyer , a friend of Anderson 's family , stopped short of describing the condition as a defect . As a neurosurgeon explained to the family , channels or "  voids " like hers are not uncommon , but the placement of them is random and can vary , he said . The 22-year-old was moved out of the intensive care unit Monday . She has started physical and speech therapy and is able to walk , talk and laugh , according to Roblyer . "  She 's herself in a lot of ways , " he said . Anderson is a gifted musician and composer . She spent last summer studying composition at the Bowdoin International Music Festival and is an alumna of the prestigious Interlochen Center for the Arts camp . Stories of survival from the victims She also studied music composition at the University of the Pacific , Conservatory of Music , and was named the 2011 Presser Scholar , a national award for outstanding music students . She graduated this year . CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta , who is a neurosurgeon , recalled a case where someone had what looked to be a significant bullet injury to the brain , but the person also had an arachnoid cyst , or a fluid-filled sac . That condition likely saved the patient 's life and may have been what happened with Anderson , Gupta said . But , he added , there are several conditions that could help explain her case . Anderson 's pastor , Strait , described a moment at the hospital when Anderson woke up . She opened her eyes , sat up and asked for her mom , he wrote . Surviving with the guilt of living Anderson 's mother , Kim , is also sick . She found out recently that the breast cancer she thought was gone is back and has spread to her liver , bones and lungs , according to a website set up to help raise funds for their family . Anderson is not completely out of the woods either . She needs more surgeries and could , perhaps , undergo facial reconstruction . Still , for now , family members are thankful for the support they have received so far and focused on the moment . "  We are all in amazement at what happened , " said Roblyer , the family friend . "  The family is approaching this entire experience with an attitude of gratitude toward the community that has risen up in support of Petra . " Court appearance fuels theories about Colorado shooting suspect	Petra Anderson , 22 , was wounded in the Aurora , Colorado rampage Three shotgun pellets hit her arm and one went into her brain The pellet to her brain follows "  a tiny channel of fluid , " missing vital areas "  In Christianity we call it prevenient grace , " her pastor writes
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- No building in this coastal city of 200,000 residents appears to have escaped damage from Super Typhoon Haiyan . Most roads were impassable Saturday ; all communications except for satellite phones were down ; medical supplies , food and water were scarce ; and there were reports of looting . And that was far from the worst of it . Death toll likely exceeds 1,000 People who had walked , sometimes for hours , to the relief station at the Tacloban airport told stories of the human cost . Children torn from arms Marvin Isanan said three of his daughters -- ages 8 , 13 and 15 -- were swept from his arms by the storm surge . He and his wife , Loretta Isanan , had found the bodies of the two younger children . "  Only the eldest one is missing , " Marvin Isanan said through tears . "  I hope she 's alive . " A woman at the airport said she escaped the water by climbing onto her roof . From there , she watched bodies float by . Authorities have only estimates of the deaths . Gwendolyn Pang , secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross , estimated that 1,000 people died in Tacloban and an additional 200 on the nearby island of Samar . The airport now houses a makeshift morgue . Further inland , a CNN crew found a small chapel being used to house nine covered bodies -- five of them children . Water , wind and fire create catastrophe The scene from the air CNN 's Ivan Watson traveled by plane from Manila to Tacloban with civil aviation officials Sunday . "  On approach , you could see entire forests of palm trees that have been flattened in the hills around Tacloban , " he said . Watson saw flooded villages and devastated coastlines , as well as a warehouse district where every roof seemed to be missing . William Hotchkiss , director general of the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines and a former air force commander , said , "  I 'm 70 years old , and I 've never seen anything like this before . " Eastern islands first to feel typhoon 's force Samar province and Tacloban , in Leyte province , are part of the Philippines ' eastern islands . U.S. Gen. Douglas MacArthur made his famous return to the Philippines near Tacloban in World War II , wading ashore from the Leyte Gulf in 1944 . The Battle of Samar was part of the ensuing naval battle in the Leyte Gulf , which ended with Japanese naval forces crushed . The geography made the area the first heavily populated area to feel the force of Haiyan on Friday . The million people who lived along the coast , many of them in rough-built shacks , may have been worst affected by what some said was a 5-foot storm surge that spread through the city of Tacloban at the height of the storm and with devastating speed . It receded quickly , leaving a path marked by pieces of people 's lives destroyed . Relief effort no match for need Interactive map of the storm The Tacloban airport was not ready to accommodate the landing of large planes carrying aid , though military helicopters began ferrying in supplies on Saturday . Trees and debris had blocked the road to the airport , further delaying the relief operation , but authorities cleared that road Sunday . Residents lined up at the airport for food . But the resources available were proving no match for the massive needs of the people , some of whom scoured piles of garbage in the streets for food , water or even missing loved ones . U.S. offers aid , send teams to help Some residents broke into grocery stores to find food . The government responded to reports of looting by sending in police reinforcement and a 500-member military battalion . People were wading through waist-high water amid a landscape littered with overturned vehicles , downed utility poles and trees , all of which were blocking the aid effort . With basically no medical supplies left , the city 's St. Paul 's hospital was hopelessly overwhelmed . The Philippine Red Cross succeeded in getting its assessment team into Tacloban but had not managed to get its main team of aid workers and equipment to the city , Chairman Richard Gordon said . "  We really are having access problems , " he said , adding that he was considering chartering a boat , which would take at least 1 1/2 days to get there . How to help CNN 's Andrew Stevens and Paula Hancocks reported this story from Tacloban ; Tom Watkins and David Simpson wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Seen from the air , forests of palm trees flattened , flooded villages No communications except satellite phones A couple loses three of their daughters ; two found dead Red Cross may charter a boat to reach area
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 83-79 in game seven of the NBA finals in L.A. on Thursday night , to claim back-to-back championships and the team 's 16th title in the world 's most prestigious basketball competition . The win also marked a fifth individual NBA title for L.A playmaker Kobe Bryant , equaling a record set by retired Lakers player Magic Johnson who ran on to the court to congratulate the guard at the end of the game "  This was the hardest one by far . " Bryant , who finished with 23 points but only 6 out of 24 on shooting , told the official Lakers website . "  I wanted it so bad and sometimes when you want it so bad , it slips away from you . My guys picked me up . " The Lakers had to come behind from to take game seven , after the Celtics built up an early 13 point lead . However , the West Coast side edged ahead in the final quarter , thanks to two free throws from Sasha Vujacic which were enough to seal a win and for the side to take the series 4-3 . But it was veteran player Ron Artest who added 20 points to the Lakers overall score and Spanish forward Pau Gasol , with 19 points and 17 rebounds , who were the key to the Californian victory . "  I ca n't say enough about ` Spain ' . That guy 's unbelievable , a hell of a player - we would n't have won it without him , " Bryant said . And Lakers coach Phil Jackson who now has 11 titles to his name , was full of praise for 30-year-old Artest . "  He was the most valuable player tonight . He brought life to our team , he brought life to the crowd , " Jackson told his team 's official website . The last time the two rival sides met in the finals was in 2008 , when the Celtics beat the Lakers 4-2 . But Boston could not repeat their performance that saw them win a record-breaking 17th championship crown two years ago , despite high scoring from Paul Pierce on 18 and Kevin Garnett on 17 . The team were undoubtedly let down by a poor shooting night from star player Rajon Rondo who finished with just 14 , and the absence of Kendrick Perkins , who was injured in game 6 . "  Well there 's a lot of crying in our locker room , a lot of people who care . I do n't think there was a dry eye . A lot of hugs , a lot of people feeling awful , " Celtics coach Doc Rives , whose team had two chances to win the series after leading going into game 6 , told the official NBA website . "  It was the craziest , most emotional group I 've ever coached in my life . They made me reach to places that I never thought I needed to go so that 's what makes this loss tough . " The teams had met in 11 previous finals , but it is only the third time that the Lakers have beat the Celtics to take the NBA title .	Los Angeles Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 83-79 in game seven of the NBA finals L.A won back-to-back championships and their 16th ever title Kobe Bryant secured his fifth NBA title Boston could not repear the performance that saw them win 17th title in 2008
The suspected leader of Mexico 's New Juarez Cartel has been arrested , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Sunday , the latest in a series of high-profile drug arrests . Alberto Carrillo Fuentes , aka "  Ugly Betty , " was captured in the western state of Nayarit , Notimex said . The report did not describe the circumstances of his arrest , nor did it say when it happened . Last month , Mexican authorities arrested Mario Armando Ramirez Trevino , a suspected leader of the country 's Gulf Cartel . Los Zetas known for ` complete absence of scruples , ' expert says They nabbed Zetas leader Miguel Angel Trevino Morales , one of Mexico 's most wanted drug lords , in July -- marking the most significant blow to drug trafficking in Mexico since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December . Notimex reported that Carrillo Fuentes is the brother of Amado Carrillo Fuentes , who died in 1997 as a result of undergoing plastic surgery to alter his appearance in an effort to avoid capture . The late Carrillo Fuentes was known as the "  Lord of the Skies " because of the large fleet of jetliners he used to transport cocaine from Colombia to Mexico . In small-town USA , business as usual for Mexican cartels	Alberto Carrillo Fuentes , aka "  Ugly Betty , " was reportedly captured in Nayarit His arrest is the latest in a series of high-profile drug arrests
CNN  -- In Masai culture , it is traditional to open a conversation with "  Casserian engeri , " which means "  And how are the children ? " The prominent value that the Masai place on the well-being of their children has me thinking about the well-being of our own children here in America . We rejoice with those who crossed the stage to receive their high school diplomas last spring , and look forward to the accomplishments of those who start school soon . Indeed , our children are doing well . For the first time in our nation 's history , 80 % of young Americans graduated from high school on time , according to the 2014 Building a GradNation . This is a significant achievement for those young graduates and our country as a whole . At that rate of increase , we can and should push forward to the goal of 90 % on-time high school graduation by 2020 . Four successive presidents have set forth this goal , and at last we are on track . But this statistic tells only a piece of the story about the well-being of our children . It disregards too quickly the remaining 20 % -- about 800,000 young people per year -- who do n't graduate on time . What happens to them ? Why are these young people not progressing , despite all of our best efforts ? Who are they ? And what must we do to help them stay on track and thrive as contributors to the economy of our country ? Over the past year , America 's Promise Alliance has been seeking those answers , right from the source . Our Center for Promise at Tufts University interviewed hundreds of young people who did not graduate on time or at all . And then we surveyed thousands of young people from all 50 states . So , how are our children ? Their responses , compiled and analyzed in the report "  Do n't Call Them Dropouts , " are heartbreaking , humbling and ultimately hopeful . So many young people described the circumstances in which they grew up , environments made toxic by physical and emotional abuse , exposure to extreme violence , family stress and caretaking responsibilities . Young people have many reasons for leaving school , not all of them related to boredom or lack of motivation . Many leave because of complex and challenging life circumstances that , without proper adult support , make leaving school look like the only option . In the wake of leaving school without graduating , many showed tremendous optimism and a drive to achieve adult success . They want for themselves what we want for them : more education , a solid job , a strong family , a stable place to live . With this backdrop , it 's no surprise that many of the people we interviewed took exception to the term "  dropout . " They do n't feel that they "  dropped out " or , worse , quit . They simply made a decision to change the course of their lives . Nothing will be easy about increasing our national high school graduation rates . However , for the sake of our nation 's future , we must not forget about the potential that exists in 20 % of our nation 's students . Yes , all students need high quality schools with strong teachers and strong curricula , but they also need environments where they are heard . Set preconceptions and assumptions aside , and just listen hard . Try to understand their experiences and perspective , however challenging . Show them , in some way , that you care about their future . For our young adults with the highest needs , more schools should incorporate an early warning system to identify students whose attendance , behavior and course performance suggest that they need extra support to stay in school . Communities should consider how to create similar early-warning supports and systems beyond the school building for young adults affected by risk factors like a death in the family , an incarcerated parent or housing instability . As good stewards of our communities , we must help provide the support that our young people need for success , and that means learning from one another . With proven and promising examples of success happening all across the country , in and out of the classroom , we must create more opportunities for school systems and communities to collaborate with one another . It 's in that sharing , that great progress can be made . The question "  How are our children ? " is the right one to be asking . But , let 's not be afraid of the challenging and complex answers that comes with it . At graduation season , and every day , let 's celebrate our high achievers while giving equal care to those young people taking the less common road .	For the first time , 80 % of young Americans graduated from high school on time Alma Powell : We ca n't disregard the well-being of the 20 % who did n't Powell : Many of them object to the term "  dropout " ; they just decided to change course She says we must offer support , identify them early , show we care about their futures
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's hopes of winning a second Wimbledon title were boosted Friday when the world No. 1 was drawn in the opposite half of the field from his three main tennis rivals . The Serbian , who triumphed at the grass-court grand slam in 2011 , can not face defending champion Roger Federer , second-ranked Andy Murray or two-time winner Rafael Nadal before the July 7 men 's final . Nadal has been seeded a lowly fifth despite his successful comeback from long-term knee injury , which culminated in a record eighth French Open title this month . He lost in the second round at London 's SW19 a year ago , which turned out to be his last match until February . The 27-year-old faces the prospect of renewing his rivalry with Federer in the quarterfinals , and the winner of that match will possibly face Murray . Murray , last year 's runner-up , is seeded to play France 's world No. 7 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the last eight . Murray will begin his bid to become Britain 's first male champion since Fred Perry in 1936 when he takes on Benjamin Becker . He defeated the 32-year-old German -- as well as Tsonga -- on the way to winning the title at Queen 's Club on Sunday , having missed the French Open due to injury . Federer , seeded third , will start against Romania 's Victor Hanescu in Monday 's opening matches as he seeks to win his 18th grand slam title and a record eighth Wimbledon crown . Nadal , on a 22-match winning streak , will play 113th-ranked Belgian Steve Darcis in the first round while Djokovic takes on Germany 's Florian Mayer . Djokovic could play world No. 6 Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinals ahead of a possible match against Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer -- who could face eighth-ranked Argentine Juan Martin del Potro in the last eight . Ferrer reached his first grand slam final at Roland Garros this month , but had no answer to an in-form Nadal -- who had beaten Djokovic in an epic semi encounter . In the Wimbledon women 's draw , defending champion and top seed Serena Williams can not face Maria Sharapova or Victoria Azarenka until the final . The American , who beat Sharapova in the French Open final , could face a rematch of last year 's title match with fourth-ranked Pole Agnieszka Radwanska in the semis . The 31-year-old will first take on Luxembourg 's 77th-ranked Mandy Minella , who lost in the first round last year . Radwanska is drawn to meet China 's former French Open champion Li Na in the last eight . Sharapova , seeded third after dropping below Azarenka in the rankings , having failed to defend her title at Roland Garros , will start against 20-year-old Kristina Mladenovic of France . The Russian , who won the tournament as a 17-year-old in 2004 , is seeded to face Italian No. 5 Sara Errani in the quarterfinals before a possible clash with Azarenka -- who she beat in the Paris semis . Australian Open champion Azarenka , who starts against 112th-ranked Maria Joao Koehler of Portugal , is drawn to play 2011 Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova in the last eight .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic in opposite half of draw from rest of men 's "  Big Four " Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer could meet as early as quarterfinals at Wimbledon The winner of that match could then face last year 's runner-up Andy Murray Women 's champion Serena Williams in opposite half of draw to Maria Sharapova
Washington  CNN  -- The challenger in a hotly contested race for a U.S. House seat in central Florida accused Democratic Rep. Alan Grayson on Monday of using misleading edits in a campaign ad to distort his comments . Former Florida state Rep. Dan Webster said the new ad by Grayson 's re-election campaign does n't accurately portray what the GOP candidate said . "  Religious fanatics try to take away our freedom -- in Afghanistan , in Iran and right here in Central Florida , " says the narrator in the 30-second Grayson spot , which is cast on a background of Afghan women in burqas , militants with machine guns , and maps of Iran and Afghanistan . The ad which began airing over the weekend shows Webster telling a Christian group : "  Wives , submit yourself to your own husband " and "  she should submit to me . " But video of Webster 's full comment , provided to CNN by his campaign from a 2009 address in Nashville , Tennessee , seems to show a different picture of the candidate 's intent . "  So , write a journal . Second , find a verse . I have a verse for my wife . I have verses for my wife , " Webster goes onto say . "  Do n't pick the ones that say , ` she should submit to me . ' It 's in the Bible , but pick the ones that you 're supposed to do . "  So instead , ` Love your wife , even as Christ loved the church and gave himself for it , ' as opposed to , ` Wives submit yourselves to your husband . ' She can pray that if she wants to , but do n't you pray it . " The Grayson campaign dismissed questions Monday over whether their editing had distorted the meaning of Webster 's comments . "  Webster is a member of this group , Institute for Basic Life Principles . That 's where he was speaking , " said Grayson campaign spokesman Sam Drzymala . "  They are a group that interpret the Bible literally . When Webster says ` she should submit to me ' is in the Bible , he believes that 's the truth , " Drzymala said . "  He is explaining that women and children should be submissive to their husbands and fathers , but that the men have to earn it , not just expect it . " The Grayson attack ad is the second in a matter of days to draw fire over factual claims . Last week , the two-term Florida Democrat 's campaign released a spot dubbing Webster a "  draft dodger , " during the Vietnam War . The ad cites a series of student deferments the GOP candidate received before reporting for duty . He was ultimately disqualified for medical reasons . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Alan Grayson 's district includes four central Florida counties Editing appears to have challenger Dan Webster saying opposite of what he intended It 's the second Grayson ad in the last week to be questioned
Washington  CNN  -- Hoping to quell growing concerns in Congress about enhanced security procedures for airline passengers , top administration officials who oversee airport security went to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to explain the new methods and why they are needed . The closed , nearly two-hour briefing for congressional staff members included a detailed explanation of new advanced imaging technology that has sparked outrage from some passengers because it captures an image of their bodies through their clothing . Also , Transportation Security Administration officials demonstrated the invasive pat downs required for passengers who either refuse a full body scan or who need a follow-up inspection after an image is taken . "  I feel bad for the girl they put in front of 50 people when they were doing a pat down , " said one Republican senate staff member about the female TSA employee who was part of the demonstration , reflecting the concerns of many passengers about being touched in their private areas by security agents . However , a Democratic staffer who was there said it was all very professional . "  I do n't think there was an emotional reaction one way or another , " the aide said . "  They explained -- based on what we know and what the threat is -- we think this is the best way to mitigate the risks . " Another aide , who refused to say if he was a Democrat or a Republican , said the briefing would help lawmakers "  understand the difference between a standard pat down and a more rigorous one . " A Department of Homeland Security undersecretary and two TSA assistant administrators conducted the briefing , the second of two such meetings on Capitol Hill this week . The security agency set up the briefings after being "  deluged " by calls for more information from congressional offices , which were themselves getting questions from angry and confused constituents , according to an administration official who asked not to be identified because he was n't authorized to speak about the closed briefing . "  Folks are getting a lot of concern from the constituents and they just want to be able to answer phone calls that they get at their offices , " said the official , who described the session as "  a very grown-up exchange of questions and answers . " One Democratic aide said the TSA 's effort to boost security has become a public relations problem because images of the tough new procedures are disturbing to many people . "  It 's always tough for the government to get their side of the story out compared to how quickly someone with YouTube video , Facebook , Twitter , all those things , can . For all the things they are trying to do to get the word out , one single isolated incident gets a lot more press than all the efforts they 're trying to do , " the aide said . Two GOP aides who spoke to CNN complained that despite the briefing being labeled by Transportation Security Administration as "  SSI " -- containing "  security sensitive information " -- staffers were not required to show identification when they arrived . They simply signed an attendance sheet that was passed around . "  They have no clue who was in there , " one of the Republican aides said .	Session provides information for members of Congress to tell concerned constituents The TSA is holding two such briefings to explain the new procedures Passenger complaints raise questions that the enhanced pat down goes too far
CNN  -- Mitt Romney returned to his native Michigan on Friday where he created a stir with a comment about birth certificates , reopening a thorny issue pushed by some Republicans who question whether President Barack Obama is a U.S.-born citizen , a requisite for the White House . Separately , embattled Republican Congressman Todd Akin formally announced that he would remain in the Missouri senate race despite widespread calls from his party to step down after his controversial remarks about rape and pregnancy . And a new national poll showed Romney and Obama remain deadlocked just days before the opening of the Republican National Convention in Tampa . Appearing in Commerce Township , Michigan , with his running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , Romney sought to preview the personal narrative that will be a major focus of next week 's nominating convention . He began his stump speech reminding voters of his roots in the Detroit suburbs . "  I love being home in this place where Ann and I were raised , where both of us were born , " Romney said . "  Ann was born at Henry Ford hospital , I was born at Harper hospital . No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate . They know that this is the place that we were born and raised , " he said . Although Romney was talking about his own birth certificate , the comment amounted to an indirect zing at Obama and the so-called "  birther " controversy that has followed him since the last presidential campaign . The thousands who turned out to see Romney roared at the punch line . The White House released Obama 's full birth certificate in 2011 , showing he was born in a Hawaii hospital on August 4 , 1961 . Only "  natural born " citizens of the United States are eligible to be president In a statement responding to Romney 's comments , Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt mentioned real estate magnate Donald Trump and others who have pursued the issue . "  Throughout this campaign , Governor Romney has embraced the most strident voices in his party instead of standing up to them , " LaBolt said , adding that Romney 's "  decision to directly enlist himself in the ` birther ' movement should give pause to any rational voter across America . " The Obama campaign used the comment in a campaign appeal to supporters , encouraging them to think about "  what he 's actually saying , and what it says about Mitt Romney . Then make a donation of $ 5 or more to re-elect Barack Obama today . " A Romney aide said after Romney 's remarks that the former Massachusetts governor has "  repeatedly said " that he believes Obama was born in the United States . "  He was only referencing that Michigan , where he is campaigning today , is the state where he himself was born and raised , " the aide said . The comment resonated with some supporters gathered for the campaign event . "  There 's been a lot of talk about it one way or another , " said Mitzi Pawloski of West Bloomfield , Michigan . "  The truth is Obama probably has n't released all the documents he could . " Others applauded Romney . "  I thought it was great because why should we have to worry about whether the president has a birth certificate or not , " said Guy Myers of Clarkston , Michigan . Michigan is a battleground in November . Obama won the state four years ago and authorized the massive taxpayer-sponsored rescue of failing Detroit automakers and suppliers in 2009 . Romney 's father was a former auto industry executive and governor of the state . He also sought the Republican presidential nomination in 1968 . New presidential poll shows virtual tie , Akin remains in race Separately , a CNN/ORC International poll showed Romney and Obama in a dead heat as the campaign approached its fall stretch drive , placing heavier importance on the Republican gathering that starts Monday and the Democratic convention the week after in Charlotte . According to the survey , 49 % of likely voters said they were backing Obama and 47 % supported Romney . The margin is within the survey 's sampling error , meaning the race is a statistical tie . Further , 48 % of likely voters who are independents said they supported Romney , with 45 % backing Obama . In the race for Senate in Missouri , Akin told a news conference that he would not abandon his campaign despite widespread calls from fellow Republicans to do so since unleashing a political firestorm in a St. Louis television interviewed aired on Sunday . A six-term member of Congress with deep ties to Christian conservatives , Akin initially apologized and said he would not drop out . He made it official on Friday . "  We are going to be here through the November election , and we are going to be here to win , " he said . "  I may not be the favorite candidate of some people within the Republican establishment , but the voters made a decision and this is an election , it 's not a selection , " Akin said . Republicans have been counting on Akin , who won a three-way primary fight , to defeat incumbent Democrat Claire McCaskill in the campaign considered crucial for any GOP hopes of capturing control of the Senate . Romney came out more forcefully in an interview , calling the remarks "  deeply offensive . " "  I ca n't defend what he said ; I ca n't defend him , " Romney said . More waves before convention , Santorum delegates With convention planning in the home stretch , Romney 's campaign is considering a dramatic scheduling change to guarantee Ann Romney a much larger national audience - but the shift could also cause tensions with a rising GOP star and Latinos , CNN has learned . If Ann Romney is moved from Monday to Thursday night , she would introduce her husband and bump Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida from that role . GOP sources confirm such a move is under consideration but stress that no final decision has been made . A Romney campaign spokeswoman declined to discuss any hypothetical scheduling moves . Ann Romney is considered by many to be one of her husband 's strongest surrogates by helping to soften up his image as a calculated businessman . Convention organizers and attendees also watched to see if a storm churning through the Atlantic with ferocious winds and heavy rains would head for western Florida just as 50,000 people open the convention . Planners were confident that Tropical Storm Isaac would not disrupt the four-day event and that Romney would be nominated as scheduled . Romney got some good news on Friday ahead of the convention . Rick Santorum , who at one point was Romney 's top challenger for the nomination , officially released his delegates and encouraged them to back the presumptive nominee . Halimah Abdullah , Kevin Bohn , Peter Hamby , John King , Kevin Liptak , and Mark Preston contributed .	Mitt Romney joked about his birth certificate in return to his native Michigan Embattled candidate Todd Akin said he would remain in the Missouri Senate race New poll showed President Obama and Mitt Romney in an overall statistical tie Florida Sen. Marco Rubio could be bumped from prime speaking role at RNC convention
CNN  In Russia 's tightly-managed democracy , where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health , chances to question the country 's leader are rare . President Vladimir Putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the Kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade . His almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates , or visiting dignitaries . Interaction with ordinary Russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting . That is why this annual Q&A session -- in which Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement . It is direct access to the Russian leader , or at least as direct as most Russians will ever get . In recent years , sitting in a shiny studio surrounded by a hand-picked audience of soldiers , doctors , teachers , factory workers and so on , Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices , to relations with America . Last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes . In 2013 , it was a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes . Organizers say this year , public interest is especially strong . At one call center in Moscow , where the public are encouraged to pitch their Putin questions , officials say more than 200,000 questions were submitted in the first hour after lines opened . The Kremlin says they will have to sift through well over 1.7 million emails , video messages and texts to decide who gets to ask what on the big day . A few would-be questions released ahead of the event give us a flavor of what 's on Russia 's mind . One man , who identifies himself as Vitaly from the Leningrad region , asks : "  Vladimir Vladimirovich  Putin 's middle name  , why are prices going up in the shops but wages are staying the same ? " Sanctions and Russia 's deep economic crisis , which saw the value of the Russian currency , the ruble , plunge in value by 50 % against the dollar , is set to be a major a theme . So too is foreign policy . With Moscow at odds with the West over Ukraine , some of the released questions show how concerned ordinary Russians are about their country 's place in the world . One unidentified schoolgirl asks : "  Is there a threat to Russia 's interests from the United States and Europe ? And will there be a new Iron Curtain ? " It 's not just Russian schoolchildren who want to hear Putin 's answer . Critics of the Kremlin , of course , slam this entire event as Russia 's imitation of democracy in action . It 's hard to imagine a truly critical question , they say , getting aired on national television here . In fact , its best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all . Instead , it is more like a highly produced , highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them , and to the world . Sometimes , the Kremlin likes to throw in a nasty surprise , too . Last year saw NSA whistleblower , Edward Snowden , granted asylum in Russia , address Putin by videolink . Who knows who may pop up this time .	Putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television Sanctions and Russia 's deep economic crisis likely to be a major theme Critics of the Kremlin slam event as Russia 's imitation of democracy in action
Editor 's note : CNN executive producer Suzanne Simons is the author of "  Master of War : Blackwater 's Erik Prince and the Global Business of War . " Private contractor Xe flies military personnel in Afghanistan and helps train Afghan border police . The company formerly known as Blackwater , now called Xe much to its chagrin , has been at the center of the contractor debate for years . From the time four of its men were ambushed and murdered in Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 , to a shooting involving a team of its men in a Baghdad neighborhood in which at least 14 Iraqi civilians were killed in 2007 , the company has drawn unwanted headlines . Blackwater owner Erik Prince downsized the company earlier this year when business failed to keep pace with investment . He changed the company 's name after the Iraqi government banned it from doing business there . But those who thought contractors were going away under President Obama 's administration could n't be more wrong . According to the Department of Defense , there are some 68,000 contractors in Afghanistan today and more than 132,000 in Iraq . But those numbers are n't an accurate reflection of the total number of contractors because they do n't include those working for other government agencies such as the Department of State . Many of those tens of thousands are third-country nationals , meaning they were hired from a third country to go to Iraq . Many earn between $ 400 and $ 700 a month ; while Americans , particularly those performing dangerous security duties , can earn as much in a day . Despite being kicked out of Iraq , Xe still does a healthy business in Afghanistan , flying military personnel from one location to another and helping train Afghan border police charged with making the country 's massive , porous borders more secure . It 's one of the many jobs that the U.S. military just is n't staffed to tackle on its own . In fact , the U.S. military today is beefed up by a force of nearly a quarter million private contractors . There are even cases where contractors oversee the contractors . And that 's the problem . The U.S. has come to rely on them so heavily , in such a short period of time , that the government has come under fire for not managing them adequately . Even among the eight-member team that makes up the Wartime Contracting Commission , a congressionally mandated effort to review the contracting process in Iraq and Afghanistan , the question of whether the United States needs the contractors is n't even an issue . The issue , rather , is how well the government is managing this massive support force called up in the immediate aftermath of the war in Iraq . In its interim report released this month , the Commission found that "  neither the military nor the federal civilian acquisition workforces have expanded to keep pace with recent years ' enormous growth in the number and value of contingency contracts . " The report also said , "  the government still lacks clear standards and policy on inherently governmental functions . The decision has immediate salience given the decisions to use contractors in armed-security and life-support tasks for military units . " One of the biggest nightmares for legislators is that the force that has grown into such a critical modern-day military support structure was for a long time operating in a legal gray zone with no clear avenue of justice should something unsavory occur . That has led to some tough work for both prosecutors and the FBI , as they take on the task of investigating allegations of wrongdoing by contractors overseas . Doug Brooks , head of the IPOA , an industry-friendly voluntary organization made up of 62 companies , spends much of his time doing outreach and making sure member companies measure up to the internal standards . "  We have the power to kick people out of the association , " Brooks said , but that 's about where it ends . They ca n't prosecute anyone . But to say that there has been no progress on the legal front would n't be fair . Legislation has been passed that essentially holds contractors accountable for their actions under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , but with everything in this business , there was a hang-up with that , too . The legislation was written to cover contractors working in support of the Department of Defense , but there are even more contractors working in support of the State Department and other U.S. agencies . The Special Inspector General for Iraq , Stuart W. Bowen Jr. produced a report in February titled Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience . He then testified before Congress that "  the United States government was unprepared and ill-equipped to mount a major contingency relief and reconstruction program in Iraq in 2003 . For the last six years we have been on a steep learning curve . " He also told members of Congress that the United States relies too heavily on the hired help , testifying that "  outsourcing management to contractors should be limited because it complicates lines of authority in contingency reconstruction operations . " Something that retired Lt. Gen. Richard Sanchez would undoubtedly agree with . Sanchez , who led the U.S. military operation in the early days of the Iraq war , has launched an information campaign aimed at bringing more accountability to the debate . He 's even called for a truth commission to investigate policies regarding the interrogation of detainees . Guess what . Contractors were involved in that scandal , too . As for Blackwater , scandal , or the suspicion of it , played a significant role in its downturn . Plagued by lawsuits and federal investigations , the company now called Xe is a shell of what Blackwater was five years ago . Most of Prince 's top executives are gone , budgets have been dramatically curtailed and the company has largely returned to its roots , as a training facility for law enforcement and special forces . Is Blackwater 's fate a sign that things are sour in the industry ? Hardly . As IPOA 's Brooks puts it , they 're here to stay , its about time we made it work . "  I think the other conclusion that companies have come to is that we 're going to be working with the private sector . Nobody wants soldiers to go back to flipping eggs , guarding gates , that kind of thing . "	Blackwater , now Xe , has garnered unwanted attention over the past few years Though kicked out of Iraq , Xe does a great deal of business in Afghanistan Bottom line : U.S. relies heavily on private military contractors The issue is how well U.S. government manages this support force
CNN  -- He told them it was a good day to die so they could be born again . "  You 're not going to die , " self-help author and speaker James Arthur Ray told participants in the sweat lodge that day , they later recalled . "  You may think you are , but you 're not going to die ... You need to surrender to death to survive it . " The sweat lodge ceremony , the culmination of a five-day retreat in Sedona , Arizona , was meant to be a "  rebirthing . " But by the end of that day , October 8 , 2009 , two people had died . A third died nine days later , and -- authorities allege -- at least 15 others fell ill . Ray , 53 , is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in the deaths and could face up to 10 years in prison on each if convicted . Opening statements are set to begin in his trial Tuesday . Prosecutors claim Ray was reckless in the way he conducted the sweat lodge ceremony at the Angel Valley Retreat Center , and heated the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heat stroke . Ray 's defense attorneys maintain the deaths were a tragic accident and said he took precautions to forestall harm to the sweat lodge participants , including positioning a nurse and several employees and volunteers trained in CPR outside the sweat lodge and making water , oranges , watermelon and fluids available to participants . "  We do not seek to minimize the tragedy of the sweat lodge deaths , " said a December 2009 letter to prosecutors from defense attorney Luis Li . "  But these deaths were not the result of criminal conduct . Mr. Ray and his team relied on Angel Valley to provide a safe environment , warned people of the risks , did not force people to participate , did not prevent them from leaving , and did everything they could to prepare for any problems and to assist when problems arose . " In addition , Ray encouraged participants to hydrate throughout the retreat and warned them the sweat lodge would be very hot , Li wrote . Participants signed a release form saying that the retreat activities could include a sweat lodge with enclosed spaces and high temperatures , according to the letter . At least 16 people came out of the sweat lodge at various points before the ceremony 's conclusion , Li said , and about five of them went back in . Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , died on October 8 . Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died on October 17 . The sweat lodge ceremony consisted of eight rounds , with each round lasting 10 to 15 minutes . While they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were encouraged to wait until the breaks between rounds . In interviews with authorities , some participants recounted feeling distress in the first few rounds . Later , they told police , people began to pass out , others began to vomit and still others went into shock . Some were encouraged to lie down in the dirt to seek relief from the heat . "  Ray  knew that people were in trouble , " Tom McFeeley , Brown 's cousin , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Monday . "  Those calls for help were ignored . " The scene inside the lodge became chaotic and nightmarish , participants recounted . Those who had lost consciousness were dragged out between rounds , participants said . One man stumbled into the middle of the lodge and into the hot rocks , burning his hand . Brown reportedly was one of those who encouraged others to stick it out in the sweat lodge . Shore helped a woman out of the sweat lodge between the sixth and seventh rounds before returning to complete the ceremony , witnesses said . Neuman apparently was asked by those around her if she wanted to leave the ceremony , but said no . She never regained consciousness after its conclusion . Neuman died from "  multisystem organ failure due to hyperthermia due to prolonged sweat lodge exposure , " her autopsy report said . Brown and Shore both died from heat stroke , a medical examiner concluded . All three deaths were ruled accidental . However , a Yapavai County grand jury indicted Ray one day after the medical examiners issued their reports . Participant Sandy Andretti said she had to be carried out . "  She said she was dizzy and could n't function after they hosed her down , and then she went into shock and started shaking , " said a police incident report . " ... Sandy told me when she came out , she did n't care about herself because she was seeing other people in distress and throwing up , and she felt she needed to help them . " Ray had conducted the Spiritual Warrior Retreat for six years at a cost of about $ 10,000 to participants . The sweat lodge , 5 feet tall and 23 feet wide , was built to accommodate up to about 75 people . There was a pit in the center where heated rocks were placed . Ray poured water over them to create steam . Prosecutors maintain that Ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to their deaths . "  You ca n't walk out when you 're in an altered state . You ca n't walk out when your capacity to make decisions is taken away from you , " said McFeeley , Brown 's cousin . "  Everything conducted that week was to make sure people fell in line ... Their ability to make rational decisions was taken away from them . " Defense attorneys dispute that . Liu wrote in the 2009 letter that Ray "  did not lead or pressure participants into making a choice they otherwise would not have made . This was a five-day retreat , not a cult . The JRI  James Ray International , Ray 's company  philosophy is a practical approach to creating a successful life , not a religious practice . " Beth Karas of "  In Session " contributed to this report	NEW : A relative says victims ' "  ability to make rational decisions was taken away " James Arthur Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter His attorneys maintain the deaths were accidental Prosecutors say Ray heated the lodge to dangerous temperatures
CNN  -- In a world where information is plentiful and abundant , traders are always trying to make money by finding that hidden advantage . Many are betting that 140 characters is all it takes to beat the market . Some professionals in the world of high finance are relying on Twitter and other social media to try to get the edge on the competition . Markets went into a spin last year when someone hacked the AP 's Twitter account and sent bogus tweets about an explosion at the White House , showing just how powerful a sentence can be when millions of dollars are put behind it . Twitter has transformed communication across a host of industries , but many industries remain straightforward in how they use it . Especially in the world of commodities . In Chicago , traders trade futures contracts in every kind of product , from corn to pork belly to orange juice concentrate futures . Essentially , they are making bets on the demand and supply of these items at a later date . Every extra speck of information can make the difference . Some traders expressly follow farmers across the American Midwest and try to get a sense of how much soybean or maize is coming in this year 's crop . Others actively engage with the people that make the products they trade , looking for that edge , directly tweeting farmers for information on what weather they are having and what crops they are growing . But others are using Twitter to in more innovative ways to stay ahead of the pack . "  Our systems can analyze and determine a Tweet in less than a second from the moment a person tweets , " says Paul Hawtin , the founder of the investment management firm Cayman Atlantic . "  Analyzing untapped and unstructured data sets such as Twitter gives us a distinct advantage over other investment managers . " Hawtin has been working on a fund based exclusively on using sentiment analysis of Twitter for years , analyzing tweets for relevance and for positive and negative sentiment to base its trades on . His first fund was in July 2010 , when the U.S. debt stand-off caused huge turmoil in the financial markets and forced the $ 25 million fund to close after just a month . Hawtin is launching his second try at such a fund later this year . "  We 're in the process of raising  # 5 million  $ 8.3 million  for the new fund and we 've secured  # 1.5 million so far , " he says . If his first fund had taken off , Cayman Atlantic 's simulated real-time account showed that it would have returned 23.8 % last year -- impressive , but not as good as the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which returned 26.5 % over the same period . For Hawtin , the benefits of going Twitter-only are obvious . "  Breaking news , information trends and global events hit the Twitter network before anywhere else , " he says . Twitter appears to be a special case . They have tried to feed in data from Facebook and Bit.ly , the URL shortener , but to no avail . "  When people tweet they tend to be talking about real-world events as opposed to Facebook which is more personal and relevant only to friends and family . " Others are trying to turn the world of trading into the new Twitter . Yoni Assia founded eToro in 2007 as a social network for investing and sees it as democratizing the space . "  It 's about opening the global market and investing and trading in a transparent way , " he says . "  When you 're using Facebook or Twitter , it 's about social signals . So not all your friends are ones whose financial investments you really want to copy . " His network allows anyone to trade both virtual and real money , connect with one other and compare investment bets -- and copy the trading strategies of others . EToro , which is not yet available in the U.S. because of regulatory hurdles , has 3.5 million registered users , of which most are using virtual money . About 300,000 are trading with their own cash on the site . It 's Facebook-meets-fantasy football for wannabe day traders . Assia thinks we 're at the start of a change in how we invest , one that will transform trading decisions to ones not just based off reactions to real-world events or mathematical modelling , but one based on the analysis of social media as well . "  I think in the future you 'll have not just fundamental and technical analysis , but social analysis , " he says . Hawtin , the founder of the Cayman Islands-based hedge fund , concurs . "  We 're in the middle of a data explosion , " he says . "  Trend-following has been a successful trading strategy for over a century and that forms the core of our investment process . What makes us different from any other trend-following hedge fund is the data we use . " With billions to be made , Twitter and social media may end up being one of the democratizing forces in the world of finance . Read this : How to start your own currency	Commodities traders use Twitter to get inside info from farmers One fund based all its trades on sentiment analysis of tweets EToro is a social network for investing , letting users copy the trading strategies of others
History does not necessarily repeat itself , but sometimes it makes echoes . An echo from 50 years ago reverberates today over the flap regarding the Redskins nickname and logo . Disturbed by the Redskins quarter-century ban against African-American players , the Kennedy administration in 1961 , with Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall spearheading the effort , instructed team owner George Preston Marshall to lift the racial ban or face federal sanction . Marshall had signed a 50-year contract to play home games in the newly constructed D.C. Stadium scheduled to open in 1962 . The federal government controlled the land on which the stadium sat , and as landlord it would deny use to any employer who practiced racial discrimination . Marshall was initially defiant . He would never yield to the government 's demand . The Redskins had a long history and tradition of "  no black players " that resonated with its fervent fan base . If he signed black players , white fans might retaliate by not buying tickets and merchandise . Did n't the Kennedy administration have more important issues to deal with than whether the Redskins had a black player ? And why blacks in particular ? Why not other ethnic groups ? Why not a female player ? The move to integrate the Redskins was liberalism run amok , said traditionalists . Troublemaking socialists were trying to tell a business owner how to run his business . But the federal threat of withholding use of D.C. Stadium and mounting public pressure from sports journalists , opinion shapers , NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle and the black community , including Jackie Robinson , eventually caused Marshall to jettison the team 's sacred lily white tradition and hire black players . At the time , few Americans , including Udall himself , considered the Redskins nickname racially insensitive . In fact , Udall played high school football and basketball for the St. Johns , Arizona -- you guessed it -- Redskins . In the 1930s when Udall went to high school and in the early 1960s when he headed the interior department , racial stereotypes were commonplace . African-Americans were referred to as "  darkies " and "  colored , " and Native Americans as "  redskins . " On TV Westerns , "  Indians " were sometimes portrayed as noble characters , but "  redskins " almost never were . Over the decades , most Americans have come to learn that names like "  darkies , " "  colored " and "  redskins , " not to mention the N-word , are considered racially offensive and hurtful . The Washington Redskins made a partial concession to racial sensitivity in the early 1960s when they cleaned up the demeaning language in their fight song , which read , in part , "  Scalp ` um , swamp ` um , we will take ` um big score . " Unlike George Marshall , Dan Snyder , the present-day owner of the Washington football team , is no racist . Nor are the vast majority of the team 's fans . But he , and perhaps most fans of the team , refuses to acknowledge that the nickname and logo are offensive . Like Marshall , he is being pressured by the President of the United States and the commissioner of the NFL to consider a name change . Like Marshall , he is defiant . He will "  NEVER " give up the name . Fans of the team defend the name and logo on the basis of history and tradition . But a half century earlier , diehard fans were using history and tradition to defend a system of racial segregation in the South . American Nazis paraded outside D.C. Stadium carrying signs reading "  Keep Redskins White . " Just like then , current defenders of tradition blast liberals for interfering in an issue that is none of their business . Traditionalists claim the nickname honors Native Americans . But the name is no more ennobling than slurs for Jews , Irish , Japanese or other Asians . Some fans ask why focus on the Redskins in particular ? Because names like Chiefs , Indians  minus Chief Wahoo  and Braves  minus the tomahawk chop  are not demeaning . "  What about the Irish of Notre Dame ? " one of my college students asked . "  That 's not offensive or demeaning , " I replied , "  but what if they were named ` the Drunken Irish ' ? " "  That would be even better , " he said . That answer got a laugh but no one really took him seriously . Just as in George Marshall 's day , public opinion is mounting for racial sensitivity . A president has become involved . Native Americans have filed a lawsuit against the trademark . Representatives of the Oneida nation have met with officials of the NFL to protest the nickname and logo . On Wednesday Oneida Indians thanked President Obama for supporting a name change . Journalists like Christine Brennan of USA Today , Bob Costas of NBC Sports , Peter King of Sports Illustrated , and Maureen Dowd of The New York Times and others have advocated for a nickname change . The echo is loud and clear . Eventually the Washington team owner will hear it .	Kennedy administration in 1961 asked Redskins team owner to lift its racial ban Thomas Smith : 50 years later , President Obama said team name should be changed He says diehard fans use history and tradition to defend offensive name and logo Smith : Public opinion calls for racial sensitivity ; current owner will have to respond
Australian number one Bernard Tomic was quick to turn his attention to family matters after pulling out of the French Open saying he still loves his father despite a looming criminal trial . John Tomic will face a Madrid court in October after headbutting his son 's training partner Thomas Drouet outside a hotel in the Spanish capital in May . Tomic , who coaches his 20-year-old son , has had his credentials for the men 's tour revoked and was banned from attending the French Open at Roland Garros . But his son explained that he is still being coached by his Dad and that he had traveled with him to the second grand slam of the season . "  My Dad is in Paris , " Tomic told a media conference after retiring from his first-round match against Romanian Victor Hanescu while 7-5 7-6  8  2-1 down due to a hamstring injury . "  He 's still my Dad and he is still working with me . I love him a lot . " Drouet was left with a broken nose following the incident with Tomic 's father in Madrid . Tomic 's lawyer Carmen Dieguez said the reason that he used his head to attack Drouet was because the tennis player , 29 , was holding the coach 's arms at the time and that he was acting in self-defence . The 20-year-old Tomic was facing the media for the first time since the fracas but said : "  I do n't really want to talk about the incidents . It 's all difficult to put into words and I want you to respect that . "  My Dad will always be my coach . He knows me better than anyone . But I may get someone in to help him and work with us . "  I have n't made a decision yet who . It might be a few weeks away , maybe after the grass , " added Tomic , referring to the upcoming grass-court season ahead of the Wimbledon Championships which begin in London next month . "  But I 'll see . I 'd like to get someone in before the grass who can help me and my Dad . " World number 61 Tomic conceded defeat to Hanescu in Paris after suffering a muscle tear in his right hamstring . Tomic broke into the limelight when he reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon in 2011 as an 18-year-old but he has also been no stranger to controversy with his father during his short career . Croatian-born John , who moved with his family to Australia when his son was three , has been coaching him since he was 13 , even though the former taxi driver had no previous tennis experience . In 2009 , he was forced to publicly apologize after telling his son to walk off court in the middle of a match against fellow Australian Marinko Matosevic in Perth as he was unhappy with the officiating . Despite the incident resulting in a one-month ban from the International Tennis Federation , a year later Tomic 's father was railing at an Australian Open tournament director Craig Tiley so vehemently about the scheduling of one of his son 's matches that security had to be placed around the official . Last year , the 20-year-old Tomic was booed off court at Wimbledon , picking up a code violation after smashing his racket , as he made a first round exit before then requesting that his father should be ejected from the stands at the Miami Masters later in the year . "  I know he 's my father but he 's annoying me , " Bernard stated to the match referee . Tomic 's father has often clashed with Tennis Australia , having previously threatened to switch his son 's allegiance to Croatia unless his demands were met . Matters seemed to be improving as Bernard won his maiden ATP title in Sydney in January but he has yet to build on his fine record at junior level .	Australian Bernard Tomic says his Dad is still his coach despite being banned from the ATP Tour John Tomic faces a criminal trial in Spain in October charged with assault Tomic Snr headbutted his son 's training partner in Madrid in May Bernard Tomic retired from the first-round of the French Open
Birmingham , England  CNN  It 's 4 o'clock in the morning . Most of Birmingham , the second most populated city in England , is fast asleep . But like a thief in the dead of night , a solitary figure slips through the city 's deserted streets . Arriving at a derelict warehouse , he is brandishing what looks like a lightsaber as he makes his way to the roof . Using the resting metropolis as a backdrop , "  Sola " draws swift shapes in the air with the light wand . Thirty seconds later , the camera shutter clicks and the light artist grabs his kit , disappearing once more into the night . Welcome to the elusive , magical world of "  lightbombing . " "  Sola " is the street artist alter ego of 40-year-old photographer Peter Medlicott , who has been capturing the urban landscape of Birmingham streets since shortly after relocating there in 2000 . Much of the city had become ex-industrial space and Sola recalls how upon first appearances , the city seemed somewhat run down . But a chance late-night shoot revealed the transformative nature of nightfall on the city . What were once dead spaces became a textural stage for the photographer to illuminate . Meeting in the heart of the city 's creative quarter , Sola greets me warmly before grabbing a coffee and sitting down . Dressed casually in a sweatshirt , jeans and sneakers , his face lights up with enthusiasm as he begins to explain the art of lightbombing . "  I look like a complete nutter " Lightbombing is long-exposure photography where the artist draws intricate designs , patterns or words using hand-held lights in front of a camera in pitch black darkness . While many artists around the world experiment with long-exposure photography and light art , Sola coined the term "  lightbombing . " "  It 's me , the drunks and the burglars , " he says grinning . "  To the average casual observer who just happens to come across me , I look like a complete nutter . I 'm in the street waving a torch around . It 's so dark you ca n't see my camera 90 % of the time . And you 're looking at this dude running around , thinking ` What the hell is going on ?! ' " His technique borrows elements from graffiti , including "  bombing , " where the artist gets to a location , does the work and is gone . Sola 's physical process lasts mere seconds and leaves a continuous , fluctuating stroke on the final photograph as if by magic . . "  It 's like drawing on the page and when I move the light in front of a camera , it leaves that mark . If you go faster , it leaves a thinner mark and if you go slower , it leaves a brighter mark , " explains the artist . Then for just a brief moment , Sola 's face becomes solemn . Although striking and entertaining to see , lightbombing is n't some frivolous hobby . Explaining his vocation , Sola 's voice is filled with passion for his work as he reiterates that what you see is what he shoots . He 's adamant that the camera should capture the moment and only permits himself to edit the photographs in as much as a darkroom would allow . "  I never edit my photos . You should shoot it for real , " he says . "  When I grew up with film , you had to make it in the camera . There was no messing around . You could n't do much afterwards in post edit . Yet some of the most iconic imagery of all-time was shot on film and very little touches with a brush afterwards on the print . I think there is something important about that . " He adds : "  I very purposefully do n't shoot under direct light . I do n't hang around . I do n't wear bright clothing . I wish I wore some crazy ninja Zentai suit or something . " "  I 'm not going to get arrested " Often he will spend weeks scouting the perfect location for his latest collection . And while he 's always eager to find a new space , he says he has no desire to be arrested . "  As long as I do n't break anything to get in , I 'm not forcing entry . If there is a fence down , there 's a fence down . I 'm just wandering around . By and large , it is never my intention to trespass . I 'm walking around and if there is a way into a space , I might use it . " The popularity of Sola 's light art has offered the photographer some exciting opportunities in the last few years , including working with commercial partners such as Nike for ad campaigns and traveling to Dubai for a three-week collaboration with local artists . He has also shot scenes in the British countryside and during the Glastonbury annual music festival . Using the city as his playground , he never returns to the same location twice -- explaining that he thinks it helps keep his work "  fresh . " But just for once , tonight he has driven me to an abandoned car park he recently shot at . As he expertly unfurls his tripod and snaps his camera in to place , Sola claims anyone can duplicate his method -- all you need is a light source and a camera . "  The first few I did were with road safety maintenance lights that you have in your car . You can use anything , you could use your phone . You can use anything that has got a light . I use certain items -- I 'm not a painter but they are my brushes and also my sculptor 's tools as well . Different ones do different things . Different filters go onto them and to help me realize what I need that light form to do . " After a few test shots to check the light and angles of the moonlit rooftop , he turns on a meter-long light bar with what looks like purple transparency paper taped to one side and begins moving in front of the camera . "  I 'm working out which strokes to make and where to put them in order to achieve what I want to do . So again there 's little nuances . The perspectives of what you expect it to be are out  of sync  , " he says . "  By using angles and basically taking maximum advantage of the camera and tools at hand to shift the perspectives , I think that 's when you start to take it away from being real . It takes  the light sculpture  into a sort of wonderful , mystical element . " Blink and you 'll miss it And how long does it take for Sola to create these dazzling light sculptures ? Rather nonchalantly he replies : "  About six minutes . In , out , shoot . Get back in the car . " As he comes back to the camera to check each shot , Sola describes how it is quite meditative to work late into the night and how he often falls into a zen-like state while designing his pieces . But while he waxes lyrical about the metamorphic beauty of a deserted city , he 's also quick to remind me of the ever-present danger . "  You 're on your own from a safety perspective and it is an expensive camera bag that I 'd quite like to keep hold of . It can lead to some hairy moments . I 'm pretty much fast enough to get gone . I try to shoot , wherever possible , near to my car . "  Most of the time , when anyone even vaguely sketchy gets close enough , you show them what you 're doing and they are so blown away by it that you diffuse the situation . " While he is open to sharing his techniques with the world , this masterful manipulator of light rarely features himself in his work preferring to let the photographs speak for themselves . "  I just want to inspire people with my work . If someone can look at a piece and be excited , inspired , moved in any way shape or form , then I 'm happy , job done . Because there is not enough of that in life . And there 's too much ` art . ' "  This is why I strip away the ` arty ' stuff . It 's there and I could sit and wax about it but no one wants to hear that really . Everyone can get something different from it . It keeps it accessible to people . " Despite the near freezing temperatures out on city streets tonight , hours fly by as we move from location to location . Finally , after one last shot , Sola makes his way back to the camera , glances at the screen and concludes he 's ready to call it a night . As he flips his tripod and pushes the legs back into the locked position , I ask him where he wants to take the moving art form next . "  A lot of my work is very abstract , " he says . "  A lot of my work has that magical element that wondrous thing , but sometimes there is not enough tangibility to it . The Nike campaign was a starting point . But I 'd like to up the game , essentially high-end fashion . Do beautiful work with more people in them . I love the abstract work but for my heart  I  need to shoot with people . " See more of Sola 's work on his website or connect through Facebook . Phoebe Parke contributed to this story .	Sola is a Birmingham-based street artist Using long-exposure photography he creates incredible light sculptures He reveals tricks and tips to create dazzling photographs
CNN  -- it is common knowledge that Gareth Bale is a gifted footballer . But just how good is he ? "  He will eventually work himself into the top one or two players in the world , he 's that good , " Spurs goalkeeper Brad Friedel told CNN . "  The future is in his hands . " On Sunday , Bale swept the boards at an annual award ceremony held by English Professional Footballers ' Association . The Tottenham Hotspur star was voted as both the Player of the Year and the Young Player of the Year honors by his fellow professionals , becoming only the third man to do so . Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo won both awards in 2007 while playing for Manchester United and Bale is now being compared to the Portuguese attacker and Barcelona 's four-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi . "  He 's a great professional , he works at his game every day. , " added Friedel , speaking ahead of the award ceremony . "  On top of that he 's a very humble and good kid . He 's a great servant to the game . " According to teammate Mousa Dembele , what makes Bale so talented is his ability to make match-winning contributions . "  He 's an unbelievable player , " said Dembele of the Welsh winger . "  Everybody can see he 's top class , and he can make the difference for us every game . " Dembele , who arrived at Tottenham following a high-profile move from Fulham at the start of the season , believes Bale is one of the best players on the planet . And the Belgium international , who has impressed during his debut campaign at White Hart Lane , believes Bale is key to his club 's chances of challenging the elite of European football . "  Everybody has a different style , but for me personally he 's one of the best in the world , " continued Dembele . "  If you know you have someone in your team who can do something and who can win games for us ... It 's unbelievable . " The Welsh winger 's hard work has paid dividends for Spurs this season . Andre Villas-Boas ' team sit fifth in the English Premier League table , with Bale 's 19 goals in the competition putting Tottenham firmly in the hunt for a top four finish and qualification for the lucrative European Champions League . Spurs have four matches left to play and sit two points behind fourth-placed Arsenal , who have just three games remaining . Tottenham will qualify for Europe 's premier club competition if they win their remaining fixtures . While his teammates flocked to praise Bale , the former Southampton player was quick to acknowledge the contribution of his colleagues . "  It 's a massive honor , " the 23-year-old , who also picked up the Player of the Year award in 2011 , told Spurs ' official website . "  To be voted by your peers is one of the biggest things in the game . It 's great to win it and I am delighted . "  When you look at the list there are some massive names on it but I could n't have done it without the team . They have been fantastic this year and so has the manager . "  I could n't have won it without them so I would like to give them all a big thank-you as well . "  The other nominees have been unbelievable , they have been outstanding for their clubs and it 's a massive moment to win , especially as it 's both awards and it 's something that I 'm extremely proud of . " Champions League qualification could be key to Spurs ' hopes of keeping hold of Bale . One way or another , he looks destined to join Messi and Ronaldo at football 's top table sooner rather than later .	Gareth Bale wins the PFA Player of the Year & Young Player of the Year The Tottenham Hotspur winger is the third player to win both awards The Welshman has scored 19 Premier League goals so far this season Tottenham are fifth in the English Premier League with four games remaining
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Bodies lie scattered in a rural field in the southern Philippines , some unearthed from a shallow grave hastily dug by the gunmen who seized the group of men and women just a day earlier . By Tuesday , search teams had found a total of 46 bodies , and it was still unclear if there were more victims from Monday 's massacre . The target was a group that included the female relatives of Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao province in May . Mangudadatu said he had received threats which he believed were from allies of the incumbent governor Andal Ampatuan -- that he would be kidnapped if he filed the candidate papers himself . Instead , his wife , sister , and the group of journalists accompanying them were kidnapped and brutally killed , possibly tortured , raped and beheaded , according to local media reports . A local police commander described the grisly search operation near an isolated village , telling reporters from ABS-CBN News that 17 bodies were pulled from a single grave . "  They were piled on top of each other , " Chief Superintendent Josefino Cataluna said . "  It looked as if they were buried hurriedly . " Those killed included at least 12 journalists , according to the press freedom organization , Reporters Without Borders , making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world . It was also the worst politically motivated violence in the Philippines ' recent history . Witnesses , local officials and analysts have blamed the attacks on Ampatuan , who has controlled the area for a decade and is a long-time ally of Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo . Ampatuan , who is known locally as a warlord , reportedly commands a private army of nearly 500 men . Philippine military officials also said Monday that the gunmen who carried out the attack were loyal to Ampatuan . Neither Ampatuan nor any of his advisers has commented on the slaying allegations . "  It 's not hard to determine the motive , " according to Philippine analyst Kenneth E. Bauzon . "  How dare this -LSB- Mangudadatu -RSB- challenge him when he knows that the governor is a position that is presumably reserved for -LSB- the Ampatuan -RSB- family . " Ampatuan reportedly wanted one of his sons to succeed him as governor of Maguindanao when he stepped down next year , according to ABS-CBN . A government construction vehicle was found at the site of the hastily dug mass grave , fueling the belief that Ampatuan or his allies had a role in the massacre . Both the Ampatuan and Mangudadatu clans have agreed to participate in the government 's investigation into the killings , according to Arroyo 's adviser on the Mindanao region , Jesus Dureza , who spoke to the Philippine media on Tuesday . Neither Ampatuan nor his advisers have spoken publicly about the widespread allegations , and that is most likely because he is "  weighing his options , " Bauzon said . Now , the region is bracing for a backlash of possible reprisal killings . The Philippine government has placed Maguindanao and its surrounding regions under a state of emergency and survivors of Monday 's massacre have entered a government witness protection program , according to the state-run Philippines News Agency . Arroyo has sent top level government officials to Maguindanao to "  personally oversee military action against the perpetrators of the dastardly acts , " she said Tuesday . "  No effort has been spared to bring justice to the victims and hold the perpetrators accountable to the full limit of the law , " she said . Long-running family disputes in the southern Philippines have spilled innocent blood before . Such blood feuds are known by the indigenous term , "  rido . " But Monday 's massacre has broader implications , Bauzon said . "  I think that this is a culmination for many years of impunity on the part of any family or group for that matter because this has been tolerated by the Arroyo administration , " said Bauzon , a political science associate professor at Saint Joseph 's College in New York , who is from Mindanao and has authored several books on the region and its politics . "  So when the administration looks the other way when journalists report on military abuses -LSB- or -RSB- when the administration looks the other way when church workers are assassinated , when environmental workers are assassinated or abducted , you know , this -LSB- massacre -RSB- is just one or two steps away -LSB- from that -RSB- . " The killings could further damage the political reputation of Arroyo , whose administration has already been scarred by allegations of a tainted election in 2004 and criticism over her response to the recent typhoons to strike the country . "  It 's a test as to what how far the Arroyo administration will go to arrest and prosecute the perpetrators , " Bauzon said . Arroyo 's term ends in May 2010 , and she can not seek re-election although there has been speculation that she could seek another political office . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the Philippines , a predominantly Christian country . Negotiations between one of those armed groups , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , and the Philippine government broke down last year after the country 's Supreme Court blocked a proposed peace deal that would have increased the size and scope of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao . Arroyo 's government exercises little control in the region and is blamed by her critics for helping legitimize many of the armed groups that operate freely in Mindanao , including those loyal to the governor , Ampatuan . Arroyo issued an executive order in July 2006 that allowed local officials and Philippine National Police to deputize volunteer watchmen , known as barangay tanods , to fight against insurgent groups in the southern regions . This order has been blamed for allowing local politicians to convert their private militias into legal security forces . The strong clan rivalries and the armed groups that support each clan may make it impossible for Arroyo to rout out those behind Monday 's mass killing , according to Bauzon . "  The dynasty is strongly entrenched and for her to disband private armies by this warlord overnight is too much of a task , " he said . "  The Americans were not able to do it in half a century and all she can do is set her sights low by really going after the most visible of the perpetrators . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and journalist Maria Ressa contributed to this report .	NEW : Burial looked hurried , local police chief superintendent says NEW : Massacre was worst politically motivated violence in Philippines ' recent history Death toll from massacre rises to 46 , a day after the brutal attack Mangudadatu says he had received threats if he filed the candidate papers himself
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Despite all the questions surrounding the war in Afghanistan , congressional Democrats have not challenged the administration 's policies since President Obama announced a surge of troops in 2009 . The release of classified documents about the war by the website WikiLeaks seemed to have no impact on Capitol Hill . The same week that the documents were released , the House approved legislation with almost no debate that will provide tens of billions of dollars for the war effort . Even though the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee is chaired by John Kerry , who entered the national spotlight in the 1970s with his riveting testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee about the problems with the war in Vietnam , the panel has been relatively quiescent . Democrats do n't want Afghanistan to become a political problem for Obama . Their party is having enough trouble as a result of the recession and the deficit that they do n't want to give their opponents one more issue to run on . Democrats , who have suffered for decades when being attacked as "  weak on defense , " also fear that any questions about the war will open them up to those attacks again . But Democrats who have doubts about the war ca n't afford to be silent . When Congress does n't publicly ask tough questions of the White House , poor decisions have often ensued . The decision over funding Afghanistan came one week before the the 46th anniversary of the passage of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution on August 7 , 1964 . On August 2 , 1964 , the North Vietnamese attacked the USS Maddox . Two days later , there were reports of another attack , although there were doubts at the time that the incident occurred . President Lyndon Johnson used the reports of the attacks to call on Congress to grant him authority to take action . As Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater was criticizing the administration 's Vietnam policies , Johnson requested a congressional resolution authorizing him to take "  all necessary measures to repeal any armed attacks against the forces of the United States . " Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution on August 7 . The House unanimously supported the measure , and in the Senate the vote was 88-2 . Johnson was elated . He watched his poll numbers rise . The resolution , according to Johnson , was like grandma 's nightshirt , because it "  covered everything . " There were many people in the summer of 1964 who were warning the president to avoid escalating the war in Vietnam . Most remarkable was the intensity of the opposition in Congress that came from across the political spectrum . The criticism came from all sources . Liberal Democrats such as Frank Church of Idaho said the intervention was dangerous and unnecessary . Senate Majority Leader Mike Mansfield had asked the president , "  What national interests in Asia would steel the American people for the massive costs of an ever-deepening involvement of that kind ? " Florida Democrat George Smathers , certainly no leftist radical , complained that he had been all over Capitol Hill and could n't find any legislators who thought , "  We ought to fight a war in that area of the world . " The journalist Max Frankel quipped : "  It is beginning to look as if the Democrats plan to be their own most vigorous critics in this year 's election debate . " The most trenchant warnings came from one of the most hawkish members of Congress , Georgia Democrat Richard Russell , Johnson 's mentor in the 1950s and the leading figure in the Southern caucus . On May 27 , 1964 , Russell had called Vietnam the "  damn worst mess I ever saw " and said he felt that "  the more we try to do for them , the less they are willing to do for themselves . " When confronted with proposals to withdraw forces from Vietnam , Johnson could not stop thinking about the high political price Democrats had paid in the 1950s because of Republican accusations about not being tough against communism . He hesitantly accepted the analysis of hawkish advisors like Walt Rostow , who said that if South Vietnam fell to communism , so would the rest of the region . "  I 'm not going to lose Vietnam , " Johnson told his ambassador to Vietnam , Republican Henry Cabot Lodge . "  I am not going to be the president who saw Southeast Asia go the way China went . " The months surrounding the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution were a test , not just for Congress but for Johnson . Confronted with trenchant criticism of escalation , he decided to ignore these voices in favor of more hawkish advisors in his inner circle . In 2010 , there are many politicians , defense experts and military officials who are warning that the president needs to rethink U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . The WikiLeaks documents pointed to issues that have been known for some time . Many experts are skeptical that the U.S. will be able to stick to the 2011 withdrawal deadline  indeed , many administration officials equivocated on this promise as soon as it announced  , and there is ample evidence that the current war strategy will not produce an Afghanistan that remains free from America 's adversaries . As Richard Haas , former Bush administration official and foreign policy expert , wrote in Newsweek : "  The war the United States is now fighting in Afghanistan is not succeeding and is not worth waging this way . ... Afghanistan is claiming too many American lives , requiring too much attention , and absorbing too many resources . " Democrats ca n't continue to write a blank check for this president . They must use the power of oversight and investigation to start addressing the problems with the war strategy and to create pressure on the administration to strengthen its military plans for the coming year . They ca n't simply trust the president do just to the right thing . Too often , when Congress has remained silent , presidents have made huge mistakes -- and it has taken decades for the nation to recover . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : WikiLeaks disclosures stirred hardly any reaction in Congress He says Democrats are trying to avoid adding to Obama 's problems Gulf of Tonkin resolution was a case of Congress giving president blank check , he says Zelizer : Congress needs to use its powers to question whether war strategy is the right one
CNN  -- Bohusln might not trip off the tongue , but with its 8,000 islands , many wild and uninhabited , the Swedish coastal strip is a paradise for kayakers -- or for anyone seeking high-grade solitude . The Swedes come in droves  around half a million last year  and international visitors are on the rise -- more than 200,000 foreigners annually so far , many from neighboring Norway and the UK . They 're on to a good thing -- with its clean water and air , more pretty fishing villages than you could stuff in a postcard rack and countless wriggling nets-worth of seafood , this is a pristine piece of Europe . Stretching from Gothenburg in the south to the border with Norway , it 's large enough that you can easily get away , paddling or otherwise , from crowds -- even in summer . You 'd be missing out to head to the Bohusln Coast and -- regardless of your ability -- not jump in a kayak  rather than a canoe , which are more suited to Sweden 's lakes than coastal waters  . Read more : 10 things to know before visiting Sweden For starters , there are no strong currents or dangerous tidal waters here . Thanks to the Gulf Stream , the water is warm and the islands mostly easy to get to . Plenty of sheltered coves let novice paddlers practice , while the more experienced paddlers can head out to the North Sea . Born in a boat Many Swedes appear to have been born in a kayak . Around Bohusln , kayakers cluster in the car-free Koster Islands in the Kosterhavet , Sweden 's first marine national park . Popular , too , are the rocky islands of the Fjllbacka archipelago , the Weather Islands  Vderarna  , Sweden 's most westerly , and the larger islands of Orust and Tjrn . Read more : How to see Stockholm like Stieg Larsson Some of the islands have guesthouses or , thanks to the country 's freedom-to-roam law , you can pitch your tent and hike pretty much wherever you like  bar some protected spots  . Reindeer , mink and seal are among the animals you might encounter in this still wild place -- plus ever-present seabirds . Flying in Most overseas visitors fly into Gothenburg . Once dominated by its industrial seaport , Sweden 's second-largest city is now an increasingly lively and cosmopolitan place . It 's worth spending a day or two here to visit Scandinavia 's largest amusement park , Liseberg , or to get a taste of Swedish coffee culture -- the famous fika . A recommended stopping place as you drive up the coast is Fjllbacka , a fishing village about an hour and a half north of Gothenburg . It 's an undeniably pretty place -- any cloying potential is offset by the fact that resident crime writer Camilla Lckberg sets her grisly murders here . Read more : How to build a Swedish ice hotel A short drive further north is Grebbestad , where 90 % of Sweden 's oysters come from . There are plenty of opportunities in the bars and restaurants around town to test legendary French chef Paul Bocuse 's assertion that Sweden 's oysters are the best in the world . You can visit WestSweden.com for more information on planning a trip to Bohusln . Kayak guides will show you around the islands . Christina Ingemarsdotter  christinaingemarsdotter@hotmail.com; +46707332240  charges $ 390 for a wild camping and kayaking trip , per person , for two nights and three days , including instruction , food , equipment and kayaks .	With 8,000 islands , Sweden 's Bohusln region is best explored by kayak Fresh seafood is also part of draw Seals , reindeer and mink are among wildlife Gothenburg is a good place to get a taste of fika -- Swedish coffee culture
CNN  -- Malawi 's decision to reject pop star Madonna 's adoption of a local child has reignited global debate about the ethics of international adoption . Author Melissa Fay Greene poses with her family , which includes biological and adopted children . Some international aid groups have praised the decision as best for the child , a 4-year-old girl named Chifundo James . "  I think it really highlights the bigger picture that there are so many children living in poverty in Malawi , and while Madonna has good intentions ... children would be better off staying in their own communities whenever possible , " said Karen Hansen-Kuhn , policy director for ActionAid USA , a development group that also works in Malawi . "  We really need to stay focused on the needs of Malawi and of all the children there , " she added . To get another perspective on the situation , CNN also talked with Melissa Fay Greene , an author and mother of five adopted children . Greene , who lives in Atlanta , Georgia , is the mother of four biological children , four children adopted from Ethiopia and one adopted child from Bulgaria . The following is an edited transcript of that conversation : CNN : What 's your initial reaction to the news that Madonna 's adoption of a Malawian child has been rejected ? Greene : Surprise . ... It was awfully tricky with Madonna 's first adoption , when the child turned out to have devoted family members nearby . -LSB- The singer 's adoption of a Malawian boy was finalized last year . -RSB- And if that 's true with this child also , it seems a similar sticky situation . That 's not the situation for the majority of orphanage children around the world , who do n't have caring grandparents or aunts and uncles a short walk or bike ride away . I think it gives people an odd perspective on what international adoption can mean for children who do n't have any support network outside the walls of an orphanage . You often hear attacks on international adoption as robbing a child of his or her culture , and that 's both true and false . It 's true that an internationally adopted child loses the rich background of history and religion and culture and language that the child was born into , but the cruel fact is that most children do n't have access to the local , beautiful culture within an orphanage . ... There 's a culture in orphanages that children are eager to escape from , and it 's a culture of being reared as a group and not being doted upon by parents . For any child , that 's the bottom line . The fact is that a human child wants that mommy or daddy or both . We 're just wired to want that and to need that . And there 's no way an institutional setting can give a human baby what the child needs . It 's impossible . So you have to balance priorities . ... I think what some of the human rights group say is absolutely accurate : that international adoption does not begin to solve the problems of the world 's orphaned children . It 's truly not the answer . ... At the same time , international adoption , even though it does n't solve the whole problem , it solves a problem for a few . I think it can be a brilliant solution to the problem of adults wanting a child in their lives or wanting more children in their lives and the problem of children who want parents in their lives . CNN : How is it different for a celebrity person seeking an -LSB- international -RSB- adoption than for yourself ? Greene : We do n't jet in , take a child and fly out with a child . For an average citizen trying to adopt , it takes most of a year . First of all , you work with a country that already has international adoption regulations in place , so you have a bureaucracy dealing with international adoption . A big part of that is determining that the child is a true orphan , that there is no one who can care for the child . And in the case of our older kids ' adoptions , people had to come to court to testify that there was no one to take the children . So you do n't run the risk of ` Oh , whoops , there 's a grandmother down the street . ' ... CNN : There 's been some chatter today online questioning why a person would n't adopt an orphaned child from their own country . Greene : Within the adoption world , it 's a non-issue . There are children all over the world who need families , and some find their children in Philadelphia , and some find their children in Bulgaria , you know ? ... It 's just outsiders who look on and judge disapprovingly , but then they do n't go on to adopt the neighborhood children , right ? ... There are many children who need help , and anyone who wants to reach out and adopt a child from foster care or from a Russian orphanage should reach out and do it . CNN : What has the experience been like for your own foster children ? Greene : We 're a white Jewish family in Atlanta , but Atlanta is a major city for eastern African immigrants . So our children are in touch with the Ethiopian diaspora , and they feel very much a part of that . Atlanta is full of Ethiopian restaurants , markets , festivals . For a while , my kids were playing on weekends with an Ethiopian soccer league . I have an Ethiopian baby sitter who speaks to them only in Amharic so they wo n't lose their language , and we always have Ethiopian food here . Two years ago , we went back to Ethiopia with the kids and had a big reunion for one of my sons and his extended family ... We just consider ourselves sort of part of this amazing bicontinental family . CNN : The first time you adopted internationally , can you tell me what your ethical considerations were and how you worked through that personally ? Greene : Our first adoption was of a boy in rural Bulgaria . An incredibly poor orphanage . The kids were hungry , thirsty , no education . I first met our son , Jesse , when he was 4 . He was 4 years old , and he did not know what his own name was ... When he first came , he was just so anxious about food . When he would wake up , he was just shaking , wondering if there was going to be enough food . So I started waking him up with food . He had issues with water . He was n't sure if there was going to be enough water to drink , so I bought him a little canteen so he could wear his water all of the time . Do I have ethical issues about taking him out of that orphanage ? I do n't . CNN : Is there anything else you wanted to add ? Greene : I admire Madonna . And I do n't understand why everyone attacks Madonna . I think that she is in part trying to raise the world 's consciousness about the African orphan crisis . You know , 95 percent of the children orphaned by AIDS -LSB- globally -RSB- are in sub-Saharan Africa . You do n't hear world leaders talking about it . Where is the global outrage ? ... So , into the breach steps a celebrity . But do n't attack her for it , you know . Maybe her methods are not what ours would be , but how many of us are Madonna ? But at least she is out there ; she 's creating a school . Obviously , she 's fallen in love with the Malawian children to such an extent she wants to make some of them her own . And I think that it 's great . I just do n't understand why the world 's attacking her . Let other people step forth and do something . At least she 's trying . That 's my feeling .	Malawian judge rejects Madonna 's request to adopt a 4-year-old girl Move reignites debate about the ethics of international adoption Some aid groups say children are best left in their home countries A mother of 5 adopted kids says adoption can be a "  brilliant solution " for some
CNN  -- Mount Redoubt , the Alaskan volcano expected to erupt at any time , is getting a bit more edgy . Dark areas show a mudflow from the peak of Mount Redoubt earlier this week . The Alaska Volcano Observatory said in a statement Friday "  volcanic tremor " has increased in "  amplitude . " The activity on the 10,197-foot peak is "  more energetic than that of the previous several days . However , it is still less vigorous than that observed last weekend , " the observatory said . Peter Cervelli , a research geophysicist with the observatory , told CNN that "  every indication is that we 're heading toward an eruption . " Cervelli said scientists do n't know exactly when it will happen , but if it does happen , it could be days or weeks -- or even hours . "  I would not be surprised to see it erupt at anytime , " Cervelli said . "  We 're going to know it when we see it . " Learn more about Redoubt and its history " Scientists raised the alert status Sunday to a "  watch " level , the second-highest , based on seismic activity detected January 23 . The peak is about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage , the state 's most populous city . Mount Redoubt last erupted nearly 20 years ago , in December 1989 , and that eruption lasted until April 1990 . Geologists think there could be an eruption "  similar to or smaller than the one that occurred in 1989-90 . " PopSci.com : Predicting eruptions That eruption spread ash in Kenai and Anchorage , where it disrupted air traffic operations . Cervelli said the ash plumes caused engine failure on a jet . The 1989-90 eruption also spurred volcanic mudflows , or lahars , that flowed east down the Drift River . The ash fall was seen as far away as Fairbanks and the Yukon Territory border . PopSci.com : Prehistoric explosions wiped out ocean life -- and created petroleum The observatory has set up a Web camera near the summit of the volcano and another within Cook Inlet . It plans to do continuous visual surveillance , measure gas output and analyze satellite and weather-radar data .	NEW : "  Volcanic tremor " increasing in "  amplitude , " observatory says The 10,200-foot Mount Redoubt is about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage , Alaska Volcano last erupted in December 1989 Eruption could spawn huge mudflows , disrupt flights with ash
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- U.S. and South Korean troops began a 10-day military exercise around Seoul on Tuesday , maneuvers the U.S. commander called "  defense-oriented " during a period of heightened tensions with the communist North . The annual "  Ulchi Freedom Guardian " exercise involves about 530,000 troops from South Korea , the United States and seven other countries , as well as computer-aided simulations , the U.S. command in Seoul reported . The joint U.N. command has notified its North Korean counterparts of the exercise , American military officials announced . No peace treaty has formally ended the 1950-1953 Korean War , only an armistice that has left the peninsula split by the world 's most heavily fortified border . The secretive , economically stunted North Korea tested nuclear weapons in 2006 and 2009 , while sporadic artillery duels and sea clashes still rattle the region . Last week , South Korea fired at North Korea after it said northern gunners fired three shots close to its maritime border . No casualties were reported .	The annual exercise involves about 530,000 troops The United States calls the maneuvers "  defense-oriented "
Port St. Joe , Florida  CNN  -- One by one , with a hand as steady as a surgeon 's , Lorna Patrick removes eggs from a sea turtle 's nest on a Florida beach . "  If it falls , you probably killed the hatchling that 's developing inside , " said Patrick , a biologist with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . Patrick admits she holds her breath each time she takes an egg out of the sand and places it in the foam cooler . Sand is delicately placed in the cooler between and on top of each egg . Patrick uses the sand from the nest , which is located just a few inches from the beach 's surface . This process is part of an unprecedented sea turtle relocation program . Moving sea turtle nests days before the eggs are to hatch has never been done before . It is also the first time that wildlife experts had to deal with oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . "  Shy of letting the hatchlings swim in oil , it 's our best alternative , " said Sandy MacPherson , the national sea turtle coordinator for the Fish and Wildlife Service . "  We 're confident if they go into oil they 're going to die . " Patrick is working on the second sea turtle nest to be moved since the program started . Ninety percent of the United States ' sea turtle population can be found on Florida 's beaches , according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . It is estimated that 700 nests can be found in the Florida Panhandle , an area vulnerable to the oil spill . "  This is a huge relocation effort , " said Thomas Strickland , assistant secretary of interior for fish and wildlife and parks . "  As many as 50 to 100,000 eggs over the next six to eight weeks will be dug up . " An average nest has anywhere from 100 to 120 eggs . Sea turtles come out of the water a few feet from the coastline and lay their eggs in the warm sand . Loggerhead turtle eggs , the type Patrick is handling , usually hatch within 60 to 70 days . The eggs are moved just over a week before they are expected to hatch . Wildlife officials want to keep the eggs in their natural environment as long as possible . "  Through the eggs it 's believed they actually connect to the landscapes where they were born , " Strickland said . Once the turtles mature it is hoped that they will return to the original nesting area and the natural birthing cycle will continue . Once Patrick 's two coolers are full , with the nest 's 107 eggs , they will start a journey across the state . A special climate-controlled truck donated by Federal Express will deliver the eggs to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . The coolers will be stored in a special NASA building that will be regulated to the warm summer temperatures to which the eggs are accustomed . Instead of the beautiful white sandy beach , the hatchlings will be born in the transport coolers . Once they break out of their shells , the warm blue Atlantic Ocean will be awaiting them .	U.S. wildlife experts are moving sea turtle eggs by hand to save them from the oil disaster Such a relocation effort has never been done before They are being taken from Florida Panhandle to Kennedy Space Center They will be stored in a special NASA building , then released into the Atlantic Ocean
CNN  -- Renowned radio personality Casey Kasem is in critical condition at a hospital in western Washington , a spokesman for St. Anthony Hospital told CNN in a written statement Thursday . "  Mr. Kasem is alert and appears comfortable at this time , " Scott Thompson , a spokesman for the facility in Gig Harbor added . The 82-year-old former host of "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 " is receiving antibiotics through IVs , blood pressure support medicine and care for his bed sores , Thompson said . Kasem was admitted to the hospital Sunday after one of his daughters and an ambulance crew retrieved him from a home where he and his wife were staying with friends . "  Any further updates on Mr. Kasem 's condition will be at the discretion and approval of his children , " Thompson said . Danny Deraney , a representative of daughter Kerri Kasem , told CNN that members of the family , including Casey Kasem 's brother , were flying to Washington . When asked if they feared Casey Kasem might die , Deraney said it could be his last moments or he could get better . Deraney clarified that he never meant that Kasem 's health was failing as was reported by several media outlets . On Thursday , a message appeared on the Twitter account of Deraney PR , saying that Kasem was in "  stable condition . " A patient can be listed as both critical and stable , if his condition is poor but not deteriorating further . The radio icon has been at the center of a family feud between Jean Kasem , his wife of 34 years , and his three children from his first marriage . Kerri Kasem ; her sister , Julie ; and their brother , Mike Kasem , have contended since last year that Jean Kasem has prevented the three siblings from visiting their father . Kasem has Lewy body disease , the most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer 's , and has been bed-ridden for some time . He had been at a facility in Santa Monica , California , before Jean Kasem took him to Washington state after his daughter Kerri Kasem won temporary conservatorship over her father 's care . Last week , a Washington court granted Kerri Kasem the right to visit her father one hour a day and to have him examined by a doctor . On Friday afternoon , a Kitsap County judge will continue the hearing and get an update on the situation , Deraney said . Deraney expected the judge to rule on whether Jean Kasem would have to let Kerri Kasem have more input on where her father lives and who cares for him . Casey Kasem , who was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby-Doo " and an announcer for NBC , retired in 2009 . Kasem 's daughter wins additional powers in court CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The radio personality was taken to a hospital Sunday Spokesman for hospital says Casey Kasem being treated for wounds , blood pressure issues He had been at a friend 's home in Washington state after his wife took him there She has been feuding with three stepchildren over the radio icon 's care
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is working with public health officials in 42 states to determine the cause of an outbreak of a particular type of salmonella called Typhimurium . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . According to CDC sources , at least 388 people have been infected with this strain since September 3 , but most cases occurred between October 1 and December 31 , the disease agency said . About 18 percent of cases were hospitalized as a result of their illness , and patients have ranged from two months to 98 years of age . California is reporting the highest case count with 55 , followed by Ohio with 53 cases , Massachusetts with 39 , Minnesota with 30 and Michigan with 20 . The other 37 states are each reporting anywhere from one to 19 cases . The eight states that have not reported any cases connected to the outbreak are Montana , New Mexico , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Florida , Alaska and Hawaii . King Nut peanut butter was identified as the source of an outbreak that may have contributed to one death in Minnesota , state public health officials said Friday in a news release . CNN was unable to reach the company for comment . CDC has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak . CDC officials and state public health workers are conducting case control studies , which means they 're tracking down people who have been infected as early as September to determine what they may have consumed , to find a common cause . Learn more about salmonella " The Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture are in contact with the CDC , but without a determination of the cause of the outbreak , their involvement is limited . Various strains of salmonella have been linked to previous outbreaks , caused by contaminated eggs , meat , poultry , vegetables , pet food and even peanut butter . Contaminated tomatoes were blamed for a salmonella Typhimurium outbreak in fall 2006 , which sickened at least 183 people in 21 states . Most of the victims had diarrhea and fever for about a week . Nobody died in that outbreak . Salmonella infections are caused by bacteria and if necessary can be treated with antibiotics , although some strains have become resistant to these drugs , according to the CDC Web site . Most people infected will develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps within a few days of infection , and their illness can last up to a week . Most recover without any treatment , but some may suffer dehydration and in severe cases require hospitalization . The youngest and oldest patients and chronically ill people with compromised immune systems are at highest risk for severe complications , according to the National Institutes of Health . Until a cause of the outbreak is confirmed , the CDC is recommending the following : Consumers should thoroughly cook meats , poultry and eggs . They should also avoid consuming raw or unpasteurized milk and other dairy products . Produce should be thoroughly washed as well . Avoid cross-contamination of uncooked meats and produce to prevent spreading any potential salmonella . Frequent washing of hands during food preparation can also help reduce cross-contamination .	At least 388 people infected with strain of salmonella since September 3 Type of salmonella called Typhimurium hospitalized approximately 69 people CDC has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak Consumers urged to thoroughly cook meat , poultry and eggs , wash produce
We were not the first round of protesters this prison cell had seen . On the beige walls , former residents had scratched "  OWS , " "  love " and an expletive about the police . At 1 Police Plaza in New York City , our cell was 5-by-7 , freezing cold , with a padded bench just long enough for three of us to sit on . A fourth woman was curled on the floor . In the corner , there was a non-functioning sink and a toilet . When one woman needed to use it , we formed a line to block her from the male officers . In the 10 hours I was held , there was one meal : Four slices of bread in soggy Saran wrap , a packet of mayo and a mini carton of milk . Last year , Occupy Wall Street happened outside of my window . As a local , I was supposed to deplore those "  dirty hippies . " But I found I could n't . See Crabapple 's art in CNN 's digital gallery At the time , I made my living drawing for ferociously swanky nightclubs while watching the world crumble and people from Tahrir Square to London take to the streets . Everyone said that Americans were too apathetic for that sort of thing . Occupy Wall Street proved them wrong . While I was initially skeptical , Occupy soon won me over . Across the street , Zucotti Park had transformed into a mini-city where anyone could get a book , a meal and basic medical care for free . I was inspired by seeing Americans , of all backgrounds and beliefs , caring passionately about income inequality and financial corruption . I wanted to help however I could . I turned my apartment into a press room , offering coffee and Wi-Fi for journalists filing copy about the young movement . I donated money and marched in protests . While I have been political before , I never let it seep into my artwork . Now I created posters , some of which ended up on the streets as protest signs hours after I uploaded them to the Internet . These posters remain some of the work of which I am most proud . But that was 2011 . This is 2012 . On the morning of my arrest , I was n't sure whether the Occupy Wall Street movement was over . I went to the demonstration out of loyalty and nostalgia for the days of the Zucotti camps . The people 's library , free clothes and gourmet soup kitchen were gone now , or reduced to shadows of their former selves . But I wanted to pay homage to the movement that had brought out more of my artistic voice . At seven in the morning I was on the sidewalk outside my apartment , tweeting pictures of the marchers and police . The NYPD had turned lower Manhattan into a mess of checkpoints . In that way , they were ridiculously effective at disrupting traffic . There were hundreds of cops -- some in riot gear , some on horseback . There were trucks piled high with metal barricades . We just walked . Some were on the street , most like me cautiously stayed on the sidewalk . We shouted the shopworn protest chants that feel so meaningful when you 're chanting them . At one corner , I saw a cop grabbing the arm of a woman in front of me and pulling her into the street . It was the same gesture you might use to escort an old lady , and , when the next officer did this to me , that is what I thought it was . But then , halfway across the street , he cuffed my hands behind my back . There was no warning . No Miranda rights like in the movies . At first , I was incredulous . It was not until I got my desk ticket that night for blocking traffic that I had any idea what the officer was accusing me of doing . I was a head shorter than the officer . I said to him , "  You know I was on the sidewalk . " He would n't meet my eyes . I was two blocks from my apartment . But because I was part of a protest , I was no longer a local . I was an obstruction to be cleared . Going into the police van , they snapped my picture on a Fujimax Polaroid knockoff , hipster party style . I gave them my best grin . A man in a suit passed by , looked us over , and said to the police , "  nice work . " In the van , there were eight people , including an elderly nurse and a legal observer in his official green cap . We had all been plucked off the sidewalk . The van door shut . I edged my cell phone out of my purse , texted friends about my arrest and then , bored , began dissecting the situation on Twitter . I regretted being such a random little duck , pointlessly arrested to stop the protests . In the police yard , we traded our bags for vouchers . We waited to have our pockets searched while our shoulders ached from an hour in zip-cuffs . The woman in front of me had wrist injuries . The searching officer yelled that her wrist braces were weapons and threatened to send her through central booking -- "  the tombs " -- where everything took twice as long and was covered in filth . Jail is waiting . Depressing waiting . Humiliating waiting . Pointless , tedious waiting in a crowded cage with dead roaches and no running water , where officers processing you through the system laugh at your discomfort and fear . The women sang songs to pass the time . "  Solidarity Forever . " "  The Sun Will Come Up Tomorrow . " The booking officer screamed she 'd send us all to the tombs if we did n't shut up . We sang anyway . Time seemed interminable . Soon you find yourself banging on cell bars in unison , amplifying the voice of protesters who needed medicine , or who did n't get their phone calls for eight hours . When the male prisoners burst into cheers , we shushed each other and grinned . I was the last person released from my cell . The woman who left before me , a middle-aged lawyer who had been arrested multiple times that weekend , reassured me that I 'd get out soon . When I did , friends were waiting with hugs , pizza and the National Lawyers Guild . Occupiers have a strong support system for those who are arrested , whether it 's in the form of food , drinks or a pro bono lawyer . I felt incredibly lucky , essentially a tourist in that miserable place . In the pizza joint across the street , we bought beer for a woman who 'd been held for 38 hours . While I was alone before my release , pacing back and forth , it was almost impossible not to suspect that I was stupid , that my actions were futile . Which is the point of an arrest . Getting arrested for a social protest is like being put through aversion therapy , a punishment in and of itself . A relative of mine , an Occupy supporter , said that after my arrest , she 'd never protest again . And that 's the point . Me ? I 'd be back . Occupy Wall Street taught many middle-class white people what poor people and people of color had already known . The law is often a hostile and arbitrary thing . Speak too loudly , stand in the wrong place , and you 're on the wrong side of it . My experience was infinitely easier than most . Many people arrested came out to a lost job , or they have to deal with nerve-damaged hands from being in cuffs for too long , or they face a society that believes they asked for it . While we were in the cell , after we banged too long and chanted too hard , an officer stared at us . "  Look at you people , " she said . "  What do you hope to accomplish ? You brought this on yourselves . "	Molly Crabapple : I was arrested for taking part in an Occupy Wall Street rally Crabapple : I was inspired to see people care passionately about inequality issues She says getting arrested for a social protest is like being put through aversion therapy Crabapple : The movement won me over , I would protest again
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The highly fortified International Zone in Baghdad came under fire the same day that Vice President Joe Biden paid a surprise visit , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . Vice President Joe Biden talks to the media Tuesday in Baghdad 's fortified International Zone . Biden was not injured , according to CNN 's Chris Lawrence , who was traveling with the vice president . But at least one round seems to have landed in the U.S. Embassy grounds , U.S. Ambassador Christopher Hill said . The zone houses the embassy and many government buildings . Lawrence said he heard the blasts but saw no damage . CNN 's Cal Perry said he heard four loud "  booms . " Warning alarms were sounded , and security was stepped up in the International Zone , which is informally known as the Green Zone . It is not clear what weapons were fired or if Biden was near the location where the rounds hit . For security reasons , reporters traveling with the vice president are not allowed to report his location . Watch as Lawrence reports on the attack " A U.S. military spokesman said he could confirm only that one round hit , and he said it did not land in the International Zone . "  Initial reports indicate one round of indirect fire impacted near the International Zone , not in it , " Lt. Col. Phillip Smith , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Baghdad , told CNN . But Hill told reporters that some sort of projectile landed in the east end of the embassy complex . He said the projectile was the reason for a "  duck-and-cover " alarm that journalists traveling with Biden heard during a briefing by top U.S. officials in Baghdad . The alarm sounded intermittently throughout almost the entire 35-minute briefing by Hill and the top U.S. general in Iraq , Ray Odierno , Lawrence said . Odierno and Hill did not seem concerned , he said . No one jumped up or tried to run out of the building . They paused if they were talking when the alarm sounded , and picked up when it stopped . There was an "  all-clear " as the briefing ended . Hill said it is kind of unusual to get this type of attack now . He said they used to happen 10 to 12 times a day , but now are few and far between . Biden 's visit was widely reported on Iraqi television , Perry said . He is in Iraq to meet with the country 's leaders and visit U.S. troops , his office said . Journalists on the plane with the vice president were not told where they were going until after they were on the way . Biden was due to sit down with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , as well as Massoud Barzani , the president of the Kurdistan Regional Government , and other officials . He was greeted at the airport at dusk by Gen. Odierno , Ambassador Hill and Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari . Watch Biden arrive in Iraq , greet troops " He flew by helicopter to the International Zone . Biden , Hill , Odierno and Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg , who is traveling with Biden , then went into a meeting . They did not speak to reporters . This is Biden 's third trip to Iraq this year , after visits in July and January . "  The president has asked the vice president to provide sustained , high-level focus from the White House on Iraq , and this trip is part of that mission , " the White House said in a statement issued as Biden arrived . The United States is less than a year away from its goal of withdrawing all combat troops from Iraq . Hill has said the next 12 months are "  very critical " to establishing security in Iraq , but the goal of withdrawing most U.S. troops by August 2010 is "  absolutely achievable . " Biden said Odierno is "  optimistic " that Iraqi forces will be ready in time to allow U.S. withdrawals to go ahead as planned , according to Lawrence . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Zone not hit , military says ; ambassador says projectile landed near embassy VP Joe Biden , on a surprise visit , not injured , according to pool report It 's not clear what arms were fired or if Biden was near location where round hit Rocket , mortar fire aimed at area was common in past , but has become much rarer
CNN  Since 1996 , photographer Marja Pirila has been working on her "  Interior/Exterior " project , using an old technique that is the basis of all photography to create complex , layered works . Pirila puts her subjects in a dark space , covering the windows while leaving a small hole for the outside light to feed in . An inverted landscape -- with colors and depth preserved -- fills the room . This is the camera obscura technique , and it uses a naturally occurring phenomenon that led to the modern-day camera . Most cameras , however , have an internal mirror that flips the image back to the position it appears in real life . Pirila has used the technique for almost 20 years , taking photos of people in Finland , Norway , Italy and France . "  They all have a documentary basis , i.e. they show how/where people live , how their interiors look and what they see from their windows , " Pirila said . "  But besides this ... because of the two worlds merging down to each other , a third ` reality ' is created and made visible . That reflects perhaps mostly my mental landscape , but I feel , at least a bit ,  it reflects  also the landscape of the model 's mind . " Before working with the technique , Pirila had worked with pinhole cameras , which are essentially camera obscura on a smaller scale . Light and color slide through a small hole to create an inverted image that is absorbed by light-sensitive paper . "  Both techniques are slow and unpredictable and compel one to slow down and stop amid the daily routine , " Pirila said . "  Moreover , the actual process is crucial in both . They present a challenge to experiment and extend conventional photography . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Pirila decided to explore camera obscura after seeing black-and-white images by Abelardo Morell in a magazine . She could n't find much information on this technique , and she had many trials before success . Pirila now has about 70 images in her project . Pirila chose models she knew -- students , friends , neighbors or random acquaintances -- though always "  they are people who touch me in one way or other , " she said . Pirila sets up a room alone , then invites the model into the space . Together they find a place for the subject to pose that is comfortable for the model and aesthetically satisfying for Pirila . "  It is a big pleasure for me to show and share this light phenomena with my model , " she said . Pirila used color film when she first started the project and has since switched to digital . Film exposures vary from minutes to hours , and digital exposures last anywhere from seconds to minutes , she said . Regardless , models must hold a pose for a relatively long time for a picture to be taken in this space with low light . "  Darkness and long exposures create the contemplative atmosphere and let us enjoy and be inside the magic world which appears in an ordinary room for a while , " Pirila said . Light is the most important factor in photography , Pirila said , and camera obscura attracted her because of its play with light . "  I feel that the light is my home , " she said . "  That is why I am a photographer . " Marja Pirila is a photographer based in Finland .	Marja Pirila used the camera obscura technique for her "  Interior/Exterior " photo project The technique uses a naturally occurring phenomenon that is the basis for the modern-day camera The subjects are in a dark room , but what 's outside is reflected on them via a small hole in the window
The Obama administration is preparing to publicly disclose for the first time a secret memo offering the legal justification for targeted drone strikes on U.S. citizens on foreign soil , multiple administration officials told CNN . Solicitor General Don Verrilli decided not to appeal the April 21 ruling by the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals mandating the disclosure of the memo , and Attorney General Eric Holder agreed with that decision . The White House was informed Tuesday of the Justice Department 's decision . The memo wo n't be made public right away . It has to go through a redaction process that will need to be approved by a judge , according to the administration officials . A redacted version also means that some of the intelligence the administration used to justify the drone strikes will not be made public . The memo to be released publicly has already been offered to the Senate on a classified basis , a senior administration official said . The legal explanation for the drone strikes was also outlined by the Justice Department in the dismissal of a lawsuit filed by the father of suspected terrorist leader Anwar al-Awlaki . The administration said in that lawsuit that al-Awlaki posed an imminent threat . Anwar al-Awlaki was later killed in a U.S. drone attack in Yemen in 2011 . The memo 's author , former Justice Department official David Barron , has been nominated to be a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit , based in Boston . Several U.S. senators from both parties had called upon the administration to release the memo to the public before Barron 's confirmation . A procedural vote on Barron 's nomination is expected Wednesday in the Senate . The American Civil Liberties Union , which filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit for the memo along with the New York Times , said it hopes the release "  signals a broader shift in the administration 's approach to the official secrecy surrounding its targeted killing program . " "  The release of this memo will allow the public to better understand the scope of the authority that the government is claiming , " ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer said in a statement Tuesday .	The Obama administration will comply with a court ruling to release the memo A redacted document will be released to the public after a judge approves it The memo outlines the legal argument for targeting U.S. citizens on foreign soil U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki was killed in Yemen in a drone strike in 2011
Conversations about refereeing controversies in the National Football League have run amok this week . Sunday 's disputed , last-second field goal by the Baltimore Ravens that gave them a 31-30 win over the New England Patriots first set tongues wagging . But that uproar was comfortably outdone the next night by an even more controversial , game-winning score -- this one by the Seattle Seahawks , which resulted in their narrowly defeating the Green Bay Packers . This play -- both the lack of a blatant offensive pass interference call and officials ' determination that Seattle 's Golden Tate deserved a touchdown , despite evidence indicating the ball was intercepted -- spurred vitriol on Twitter and criticism from pundits and fans alike . For many , it illustrated the credibility problem plaguing the league during its season 's first three weeks with replacement officials on the field , in place of regular referees who were locked out by the NFL in a prolonged contract dispute . This storm subsided late Wednesday , when NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell temporarily lifted the lockout to allow the "  regular " referees to officiate Thursday 's game between the Cleveland Browns and Baltimore Ravens . NFL officials remain locked out until a new collective bargaining agreement is voted on by the union membership . About time , ' players , fans say as NFL officials return Goodell has had his critics , including those up in arms over the league 's handling of the latest officiating issues . But it is worth pointing out that the sport has at times been a trailblazer in the field of technology , making soccer -- or football as it 's known outside the United States -- look like it is still stuck in the dark ages . The NFL introduced an instant replay system in 1986 , allowing officials to review and possibly overturn calls on the field . This system at first did n't take and was scrapped , but an improved replay system was reintroduced in 1999 . Since then , instant replay has been a key feature of the sport , with coaches allowed to challenge a call . Each time , play is halted while the on-field referee watches a replay of the disputed incident from the sidelines and makes his final call . In all , two challenges are allowed per side per game -- the limited number is to ensure games do n't totally lose their flow or get too long -- and an additional challenge is permitted if the first two are proved correct . In the final two minutes of each half , no coach challenges are allowed , but an additional official , watching from overhead in the press box , can intercede over any controversial decisions . As seen this week , the instant replay system is n't foolproof . But problems about officiating decisions have , in the past decade or so , become increasingly reduced now that there 's an avenue for calls to be overturned . This has not been the case , however , in soccer . "  The NFL embraced technology early on , and it 's much more progressive than other sports , even in America , like baseball , " said Nat Coombs , a commentator on both sports for British broadcasters Channel 4 and the BBC , as well as ESPN . "  With better camera angles and social media with armchair referees , there 's more pressure than ever for the officials to get it right , so it 's logical to embrace and adapt the technology , " he added . NFL 's stop-start nature lends itself better to such a system , whereas in soccer there has been a reluctance to introduce technology because of fears it could break up the game 's flow . Resistance has been voiced by the likes of UEFA President Michel Platini who , in an interview this week , once again professed his dislike for goal line technology . "  You will never convince me on technology , and I will not change at the age of 57 , " said Platini , a Frenchman . "  Technology assisting referee , I say ` no ' . My idea is to help referees by putting up more referees . " Such a system has been tried in the Europa League since 2009 and was used at the recent Euro 2012 tournament . But mistakes were still made . Notably Marko Devic 's "  goal " for Ukraine against England , which looked to have crossed the line , would have been allowed had technology been in place . It was an incident at the 2010 World Cup that finally convinced world governing body FIFA and , more specifically , president Sepp Blatter , of the need for change . A shot from England 's Frank Lampard -- which was comfortably inside the German goal line -- was not ruled a goal . Ultimately , the British fell by a 4-1 score . "  I have to say , ` Thank you , Lampard ' , " said Blatter at the time . "  I was completely down in South Africa -- when I saw that it really shocked me . It took me a day to react . " The lack of goal line technology in soccer is hard for Coombs ' American colleagues and friends to comprehend . "  The lack of technology was the overriding issue  some Americans  had with regards to the World Cup , " said Coombs . "  They 're just astonished there 's not a review , that it 's just unprofessional and illogical . " Navigating injury : Can GPS help reduce player burnout ? If the beast that is soccer has taken its time to crank into life over the use of technology , other sports like cricket and tennis have been solid bedfellows with the NFL in providing help to umpires and officials . In all those sports , the NFL included , there were skeptics when technology was introduced . "  There 's always been a fear that it makes a game more stop-and-start , " said Coombs , arguing that in each case instant replay has made sports better . "  The drama of a challenge in the NFL is incredible . It creates a great buzz for all the spectators . "  I 'd love to see it come into  soccer  . The good would far outweigh the bad and in a few weeks of it being introduced everyone will be thinking why did n't we have this before . " The Premier League is among those planning to use goal line technology next season , a decision that has been welcomed by the vast majority of the league , including Chelsea manager Roberto di Matteo . "  We see every season , every big tournament , we need it because there are some crucial moments within those games where you could find the right solution with a bit of technology , " said the Chelsea boss . There is a parallel between soccer and the NFL in the way players , coaches and fans have a tendency to berate officials , as has been seen in abundance in the United States this week . Patriots quarterback Tom Brady stepped in to ease the row over the controversial ruling in his game this week , when the Ravens ' field goal attempt soared toward the uprights -- and through them , according to the officials in the field , if not to New England fans . When asked whether the field goal had or had not gone through , he said : "  From the angle that I have , I ca n't tell . Those guys are standing at the uprights . So , if they ca n't get it right , then nobody can . " That throws up the question of further technology . Had cameras been in place on the goalposts then the matter would not even have been a talking point this week . As an aside , American comedian Adam Carolla has a stand-up routine in which he suggests posts rise up to 500 feet in the air to avoid any issue . On a serious note , that is a potential issue for Goodell and the NFL commission to address , and one that Coombs believes they will . "  It 's such a forward-thinking sport in terms of technology that after what happened , I would n't be surprised if that matter is already being addressed , " said Coombs . For now , though , Goodell has more instant and pressing matters to contend with .	The National Football League has used officiating technology on and off for the last 26 years Soccer has never implemented technology , instead using extra officials Calls for goal line technology in soccer have grown as a result of costly errors Sports such as tennis , cricket and rugby already use technology successfully
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- At first glance , it looks like a standard road sign to Mecca , the Saudi Arabian pilgrimage site for millions of Muslims every year . But look again at this piece of graffiti art and you see that the Ka ` ba , the cube-shaped building at the spiritual heart of Mecca shown on its genuine road signs , has been replaced by a cluster of high rise buildings . It is the work of Sarah Mohanna Al Abdali , a 22-year-old graphic design graduate , and she sprayed it on walls around her home city of Jeddah as a comment on overdevelopment in Mecca , the holiest Muslim city . It is a bold statement to make in the socially conservative kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and the method -- spray painting walls in public places -- even more so . "  At first I was worried about how the conservatives would react and whether I would get any bad comments , but no-one has said anything , " said Al Abdali , who works as a university teaching assistant . "  Saudi is going through a lot of change and street art is the perfect medium to experiment in . Al Abdali began experimenting with graffiti about six months ago and is one of a small but growing number of street artists in the kingdom . A blog , Saudi Street Art , displays some of their work . "  It 's something very new here , " she said . "  I started with very random shapes but I wanted to develop more techniques that people could relate to . "  You do n't see a lot of street art here , there 's just vandalism . I 'm excited to be doing something new . "  I like street art because it 's there for the people . You do n't need to overdo your ideas , it 's a simple way of expressing yourself . And it 's free , which you do n't see in many forms of art . " Al Abdali sprayed her Mecca sign on walls around the historic area of Jeddah where it would be seen by as many passing people as possible . "  I did n't want it to be a beautiful artwork , I wanted to create debate , " she said . She was pleased with the response it received . "  People took photos and shared them on Facebook and Twitter , " she said . "  Some people related to it because it was straight to the point ; other people did n't care . It 's interesting to hear the different views every time someone comes up and asks me if I did it . " Al Abdali is also gaining recognition . She was one of four artists chosen to exhibit at an off shoot of the Edge of Arabia show , the first major contemporary art exhibition in Saudi Arabia , according to its organizers . In a country where a lot of culture is controlled by the government , Al Abdali is one of growing number of young rebels finding their own way of pushing boundaries . Stand-up comedy is another art form gaining popularity just out of government reach . There are no comedy clubs and live shows are rare , but comedians are gaining a following through their own shows on YouTube . Omar Hussein hosts a satirical news show called "  On The Fly . " It goes out monthly on YouTube and episodes are watched online by hundreds of thousands of people . "  If we create our own entertainment , we preserve our culture , " Hussein said . "  We are no longer reliant on culture that comes from abroad . "  We reflect something that 's happening in our community in a comical manner and it 's up to you to decide what 's right and wrong . " While pushing gently at social boundaries -- such as women 's rights -- the comedians say they self-censor , avoiding taboo topics like religion and the monarchy . Saudi Arabia is ruled by the Al Saud family , much of whose power to rule comes from its association with the Wahhabi religious establishment . Wahabism is an austere form of Islam that has been a major social and political force in the kingdom . "  If you self-censor , it 's the best way to do this media that 's accepted by our society , because our society , they want to be entertained but they do n't want you to cross boundaries or taboos , " said Hussein . "  We are not breaking anything . We are speaking , that 's it , " said fellow comedian Bader Saleh . "  There 's stuff you can say without crossing any red lines . " Journalist and satirist Mohammad Bazaid , who launched his own satirical news show two years ago , says he wants to create debate you ca n't see elsewhere . "  The problem with traditional media is they tell you want to think about a certain issue , " he said . "  I do n't want to drag that with me into new media . I want people to look at a news headline and think twice about what it means . " But he too is wary . People have been arrested for work they post on social media . "  There 's always a margin of concern , " Bazaid added . "  We are always afraid , not of doing something wrong , but being understood in the wrong way . " One Saudi blogger , who asked not to be named , said young people find subtle ways around government control . "  A lot of cultural events are organized by the government , and the government puts a lot of restrictions on what can be done , " he said . "  For culture to thrive , you need people who will push boundaries and that does n't happen in a government-controlled environment . " He said that young people can go to gigs or live comedy , provided organizers promote them discreetly and avoid official attention . "  Often it 's a gray area , where it 's not quite legal but not totally secret . Invitations may go out on Facebook and instructions for how to buy tickets or where to go will be kept private until the day before . "	Artist Sarah Mohanna Al Abdali is experimenting with new art-form of graffiti in conservative Saudi Arabia Comedians are gaining huge followings with news satire shows on YouTube Unofficial channels allow culture to thrive away from government control , says blogger
CNN  -- Manchester City moved to within four points of neighbors and English Premier League leaders Manchester United on Saturday with a comfortable 2-0 win over Fulham at the Etihad Stadium . City made light work of Martin Jol 's side with David Silva scoring in each half . The Spanish midfielder opened City 's account after only 95 seconds pouncing on a loose ball after Fulham keeper Mark Schwarzer could only parry Edin Dzeko 's long-range effort . Silva 's second came midway through the second half , this time meeting a pass from Gael Clichy before lifting the ball over Schwarzer . Alex Ferguson 's side can restore their seven-point lead if they beat Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Sunday . Liverpool hit five past Norwich City at Anfield to climb to seventh in the table . Luiz Suarez scored his 15th league goal of the season to put Liverpool 2-0 up at halftime following Jordan Henderson 's 26th-minute opener . Daniel Sturridge scored his third goal in as many games in Liverpool colors in the 59th minute with Steven Gerrard adding a fourth seven minutes later . Norwich 's miserable day on Merseyside was completed by a Ryan Bennett own-goal 15 minutes before the end . Liverpool are now level with Arsenal on 34 points , but the Gunners have two games in hand -- one of which is against Chelsea on Sunday . Swansea City extended their unbeaten league run to six games with a 3-1 against Stoke City . Two goals from Jonathan de Guzman and one from Ben Davies sealed victory for Michael Laudrup 's side before Michael Owen scored a consolation header in injury time . Newcastle United 's dismal league form continued with a 2-1 defeat to Reading at St James Park . Alan Pardew 's side have collected just seven points from their last ten games and now sit two places above the relegation zone on 21 points . Reading 's second consecutive win lifts them to 18th with 19 points . Aston Villa let slip a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at West Bromwich Albion . The point lifts Paul Lambert 's men to 17th in the table . Fellow strugglers Wigan are now second-from-bottom after a 3-2 defeat at home to Sunderland , while Queen 's Park Rangers remain rooted to the foot of the table after a 1-1 draw at West Ham United .	David Silva nets twice to move Manchester City to within four points of league leaders United Liverpool thrash Norwich City 5-0 at Anfield ; Swansea City extend unbeaten league run to six Newcastle United 's slide closer to relegation mire with 2-1 defeat to Reading
CNN  -- The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is an enormous tragedy for the families of the victims . It is excruciating to live through the pain , helplessness , shock and anger . It is as hard to regain some degree of normalcy . I know because I 've been there . In 1985 , my beloved father died on the Japan Airlines Flight 123 that crashed outside of Tokyo , killing more than 500 passengers and crew . It 's one the largest plane accidents in the history of aviation . Sitting on the tatami mat in the city hall in the small village close to the crash site , surrounded by hundreds of other people looking for their loved ones , I felt desperate , scared and suffocated . Contemplating another day of looking at pine wood boxes with inscriptions like , "  part of left hand , possibly male , " I thought the agony would never end . How can I steel myself to keep on looking to try to identify some remains of what was once my dear father , hero to his family ? Emotionally , physically and in every way , I felt drained of life force , like the body fragments in the boxes we were going through one by one in our search for our loved ones . All these years later the scars still sting when scratched , as they were when Flight 370 vanished . I want to share with the grieving , scared and frustrated relatives of Flight 370 victims that while life will never be the same , it will get better . It will take time , but you will laugh again and the sun will come out once more . The lack of closure is the hardest part . How do you know for sure that those on the plane are gone since their bodies have not been found ? What if they are alive somewhere waiting for you to rescue them ? How do you have a funeral when there are no remains ? How can you be so sure ? But the truth is that while you may hold out hope , the world is presuming they are gone forever . You have to accept it and move on . Here are some steps that helped me recover from my loss . Perhaps it could be of help to the families of Flight 370 : 1 . Grieve . Allow the pain to be released . Cry , punch the pillows , share stories , do what you need to let the feelings out . Let the emotions flow . 2 . Get support . From your family , friends and experts . From your spiritual source , in prayer or in nature . In time , maybe join a bereavement group . 3 . Eat as healthy as you can . 4 . Get rest , even if you ca n't sleep well , take some down time . 5 . Move . Walk , exercise , play a sport , dance , do something physical so that the feelings can be dissipated . 6 . Go into nature . Nature is big enough to hold you and your grief . Nature is healing . 7 . Know that your loved one  s  are at peace and will be with you always . 8 . Help someone who may be in a worse situation than you . In my case I saw that a couple of American families did n't make the trip to Japan . I sent them notes to let them know that I prayed for their loved ones , and that everyone was very kind and respectful in the whole search process . 9 . Trust that something good will come out of this tragedy . We may not know what it is , or how , but it will happen . My father 's death helped me learn how to be more present , to survive adversity , and appreciate the wonderful kindness of strangers . From disaster I 've learned to be strong and flexible , and to seek assistance when I need it . With faith and courage I can make a positive difference in other people 's lives . During the course of my life , I 've been fortunate to reach many of the goals I had set . I know that my dad was there , guiding , supporting and inspiring me the entire time . He smiled with pride with each new milestone that I crossed . I believe all of us can grow and thrive through the trials of life with peace and happiness . It just takes one step at a time . The families of Flight 370 victims will come out of this tragedy different -- but they will endure and honor the memories of their loved ones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marilyn Tam .	Families of Flight 370 victims are grieving as searchers continue to look for plane Marilyn Tam : I know how they feel ; my father died in a plane crash in 1985 She says lack of closure is the hardest part for relatives , who may hold out hope Tam : All of us can grow and thrive through the trials of life with peace and happiness
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- Her family calls her the Mitt Stabilizer . Ann Romney , who is someone who is known to be able to calm her husband down when needed , is taking center stage in trying to paint a more personal picture of her husband of 43 years . "  Whenever Mitt might start , you know , winding up and getting really -- highly energetic they 're -- they know that I have , like , a very calming influence on him , " Ann Romney told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger in a wide-ranging and at times emotional interview at the family 's New Hampshire lakeside home . When asked her secret , she could n't really explain it . The couple met as high schoolers in Michigan . They were separated for 2 1/2 years when Mitt Romney went off to France to serve as a Mormon missionary . During that period , he was involved in an accident while driving the mission president and his wife ; they were hit by what is believed to have been a drunken driver . "  He was thrown out of the car . And so you realize how close your brush with death was , " she told Borger . Initially , the family got dire news . "  I had word that he was killed ... On his passport it is stamped that he is dead , " she said . "  And so that was the first word we heard . " He would have some serious injuries but would recover and stay in France , actually taking over the mission . When he returned to the United States , he immediately proposed to Ann . They would start a family in Utah and then move to Massachusetts . "  We are each other 's best friend in addition to being , you know , our , you know , loving relationship . We are each other 's best friends as well , " she said . She described their marriage as "  a real partnership . " Asked if she gave him advice , she said "  of course " adding "  we share everything . There 's nothing we do not know about , you know , any struggle that either one of us is going through . We share everything . "  Of course I give him advice , and of course he gives me advice . And I think we listen to each other more than we listen to anyone else . " She described a job that her husband also talked about to CNN , but it is one the family rarely discusses publicly : He served as head of the Mormon congregation in Belmont , Massachusetts , because the church does not employ paid clergy . So Romney not only led services but counseled members of the congregation and helped them in whatever way he could . "  I look at and see how -- how wonderful that was , " she said . "  When we 're mothers and responsible for children , there 's something that happens to us -- that service gene that 's naturally there where we 're taking care , we 're watching over . We 're nurturing . "  And for men , they often do n't get that experience . But when you serve in a way Mitt was serving at that time , that 's exactly the experience he had : nurturing , caring , looking out for , being concerned . " Ann Romney has had several health scares over the years and has come back from all of them : early stage breast cancer , a surgery for a growth in her abdomen , several miscarriages -- and a 1998 diagnosis of multiple sclerosis which rocked the family and she said made her "  really dig deep . " iReporters share their MS struggles , triumphs "  I was for a long time , after the diagnosis , trying to just struggle through on my own , not sharing with how hard of a time I was having . And so , you know , you kinda just wan na tough it out and not be a burden to anyone else . But then , finally , you just ca n't go on , " she said . "  I really just was having a very , very hard time , and was very depressed , " she told Borger , "  and had kind of given up a little bit in thinking that I was -- you know -- it was a little overwhelming . " Her husband took over the household chores -- cooking , going to the grociery store -- and reassured her "  that it was n't fatal , we were gon na be OK , " she said . "  No matter what I went through , he was gon na be there next to me and he was gon na be helping me . "  And he was like , ' I do n't care how sick you get , I 'm gon na take care of you . And I do n't care if you end up in a wheelchair , we 'll be OK . I do n't care . ' " At that point , she said , "  I was n't able to do anything . " "  He 's amazing , " she said of Mitt Romney , "  because he is so energetic and so on that , for me even when I was as sick as that he would curl up in the bed with me . "  It was , like , he was gon na do anything he could to just say , "  I 'm here . You 're OK . Just stay right there and we 'll be OK . " She said uncertainty about the disease , which has no cure , was very hard for her to face . "  You do n't know how much is it gon na chew me up and spit me out ? ... How sick am I gon na get ? Is this going to be progressive ? Am I going to be in a wheelchair ? Am I , you know , gon na lose all function ? "  There 's this huge unknown . And it 's a very , very frightening place to be . " She tried various ways to deal with the symptoms , especially fatigue , including an alternative treatment called reflexology , in which pressure is applied to various parts of the body . She also tried horse riding . While she had not seen major problems from the disease in recent years , she did have a relapse around the Super Tuesday primaries in March . "  I overdid and I knew I was overdoing , " she said . Most people have "  a reserve tank , " she explained , but "  with MS you go to empty and you go to empty . " "  It 's like you ca n't take another step . You will fall over . And that 's kinda what happened to me . ... I knew I was pushing the limit . But I also did n't say anything to anyone . " Her husband did n't notice , she said , and "  I do n't blame him for not noticing . No one noticed . Everyone was so busy . And I do n't think I was even in the same states . I was going to my own states . " She said she "  just had to get past that mile mark and then I 'd be OK , and I could rest . But I did n't quite make it to the mile mark . I kinda collapsed . " As she heads into this fall 's campaign and an increasing schedule of rallies and appearances , how does she deal with the sort of stress that can trigger the disease ? The stress "  is a great teacher , " she said . "  It really is . Because  I  ca n't absorb all this that 's going on around me . There 's a lot of noise and there 's a lot of really negative noise that 's going on around me , around my husband -- during this campaign . And so I have to just learn how to not to let that just get into my psyche . " She also described a different side of the Mitt Romney than the one seen by the public : "  fun-loving , warm , spontaneous . " "  Get him out of the public eye  and  he is loose and funny and spontaneous as you 'd ever want to be . And just so much fun to be with . "	The Romneys met as high schoolers ; their relationship has withstood the test of time Their shared faith and friendship has helped keep the marriage strong Ann 's struggles with MS , family 's adjustment to campaigning are challenging
CNN  A 30-year-old California woman was abducted from a male acquaintance 's residence in the Bay Area and is being held for ransom , police said Tuesday . The male acquaintance , also 30 , witnessed the kidnapping of Denise Louise Huskins from the Vallejo home , and he is not a suspect in the case , said Vallejo Police Lt. Kenny Park . "  Ms. Huskins ' whereabouts are unknown , and we are treating this matter as a kidnap for ransom , " Park told reporters . "  We 're worried about Ms. Huskins ' welfare . We do n't know where she 's at . And that 's why we 're coming to the public asking for their help . " Huskins , who has been living in Vallejo the past year , is from Huntington Beach in Southern California , police said . She works as a physical therapist , police added . She is employed at a Kaiser Hospital , CNN affiliate KGO reported , citing her Facebook page . A cousin of Huskins , Amy Mattison , told CNN affiliate KPIX that the 30-year-old man is Huskins ' boyfriend and she was abducted from his residence . Park declined to comment on the nature of the relationship between Huskins and the 30-year-old man who saw and reported the kidnapping . About 75 people from the Solano County Search and Rescue Team were searching for Huskins in nearby woods and on Mare Island , Park said . Huskins ' 2000 White Toyota Camry was found in Vallejo and may have been moved from the residence , Park said . Authorities do n't know when her vehicle was moved , police said . Park did n't disclose the amount of the ransom being sought . "  All I can tell is there was a ransom demand , " Park said . Police are asking the public 's help in locating Huskins , who was described as white , 5-foot-7 , 150 pounds , with blond hair and blue eyes . Vallejo police asked the FBI to help their investigation . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Denise Huskins , 30 , works as a physical therapist at a Kaiser Hospital , CNN affiliate KGO reports Huskins was taken from her boyfriend 's residence , her cousin tells CNN affiliate KPIX
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- In the '90s a certain joke became very popular in the streets and homes of Cuba . It began with Pepito -- the mischievous boy of our national humor -- and told how his teacher , brandishing a photo of the U.S. president , launches into a harsh diatribe against him . "  The man you see here is the cause of all our problems , he has plunged this island into shortages and destroyed our productivity , he is responsible for the lack of food and the collapse of public transport , " the teacher says . After these fierce accusations the teacher points to the face in the photo and asks her most wayward student , "  Do you know who this is ? " Smiling , Pepito replies , "  Oh yes , ... I know him , it 's just that without his beard I did n't recognize him . " Photos : Cuba -- a sense of home in a timeless place The joke reflects , to a large measure , the polarization of national opinion with regard to our economic difficulties and the restrictions on citizens ' rights that characterize the current Cuban system . While the official discourse points to the United States as the source of our greatest problems , many others see the Plaza of the Revolution itself as the root of all the failures of the last 53 years . True or not , the reality is that each one of the 11 administrations that have passed through the White House since 1959 has influenced the course of this island , sometimes directly , other times as a pillar of support for the ideological propaganda of Fidel Castro 's government  and now that of his younger brother Ral  . Hence the growing expectations that circulate through the largest of the Antilles every time elections come around to decide who will sit in the Oval Office . Cuban politics depends so greatly on what happens in the ballot boxes on the other side of the Florida Straits -- and some share the view that we have never been so dependent on our neighbor to the north . Postcard : Why India longs for U.S. election Cuban diplomacy seems more comfortable contradicting America than seeking to solve the problems between the nations , which is why many analysts agree it would be easier for Ral Castro to cope with an aggressive policy from Uncle Sam than with the more pragmatic approach of Barack Obama . Obama 's easing of the rules on family remittances , reestablishing academic travel , and increasing cultural exchanges add up to an unwieldy formula difficult for the Castro regime 's rhetoric to manage . But the regime has also tried to wring economic and political advantages from these gestures from Washington . The real question in this dispute is which approach would more greatly affect democratization in Cuba -- to display a fist ? Or to offer a hand ? To recognize the legitimacy of the government on the island ? Or to continue to treat it as a kidnapper holding power over 11 million hostages ? Postcard : Can Tokyo learn from election "  matsuri ? " When the Democratic party , led by Barack Obama , came to the White House in January 2009 , our official press was faced with a dilemma . On the one hand the newly elected president 's youth and his African descent made him immediately popular with Cubans , and it was not uncommon to find people walking the streets wearing a shirt or hat displaying the face of the former senator from Illinois . It was the first time in decades that some compatriots dared to publicly wear a picture of the "  enemy "  the U.S. president  himself . For a population that saw the top leaders of our own government approaching or passing 80 , the image of a cheerful , limber , smiling Obama was more consistent with the myth of the Revolutionary than were the old men in olive green standing behind the national microphones . Obama 's magnetism also captivated many here as well , and disappointed , of course , those who hoped for a heavier hand toward the gerontocracy in Havana . Farewell socialism ... hello to pragmatism Beyond the political issues , the measures undertaken by the Obama administration were felt quickly in many Cuban families , particularly in their economy and relations with their exiled relatives in America . With the increased cash from remittances , the small businesses that emerged from Raul Castro 's reforms were able to use the money coming from the north for start-up capital and to position themselves . Meanwhile , thousands of Cuban-Americans arrived at Jos Mart airport every week loaded with packages , medicine and clothes to support their relatives on the island . Those who see the Cuban situation as a pressure cooker that needs just a little more heat to explode feel defrauded by these "  concessions " to Havana from the Democratic government . They are the same people who suggest that a hard line -- belligerence on the diplomatic scene and economic suffocation -- would deliver better results . Sadly , however , the guinea pigs required to test the efficacy of such an experiment would be Cubans on the island , physically and socially wasting away until some point at which our civic consciousness would supposedly "  wake up . " As if there are not enough historical examples to show that totalitarian regimes become stronger as their economic crises deepen and international opinion turns against them . No wonder Mitt Romney is a much talked about figure in the official Cuban press . His strong confrontational positions feed the anti-imperialism discourse like fuel to a fire . The Republican candidate has been the focus of numerous articles in the official organ of the Communist Party , the newspaper Granma . His photos and caricatures appear in this same daily that was stymied when trying to physically mock Obama . Given the high rate of mixed marriages among Cubans , it 's quite sensitive to enlarge the ears and fatten the lips of the U.S. president without it reading as racist ridicule . Postcard : Parisians marvel at Obama 's "  coolitude " If , in the eighties , the media 's political humor was honed in the wrinkled face of Ronald Reagan , and later the media had a field day with the physique of George W. Bush , for four years it has been cautious with the current resident of the White House . All this graphic moderation will go by the wayside if Mitt Romney is elected as the next president of the United States . There are those who are already laughing over the possible jokes to come . But whoever scores the electoral victory will find Cuba in a state of change . The reforms carried out by Ral Castro lack the speed and depth most people desire , but are heading in the irreversible direction of economic opening . Havana is full of private cafs and restaurants , we can now buy and sell homes , and Cubans are even managing to sell the cars given to them during the era of Soviet subsidies in exchange for political loyalty . The timid changes driven by the General President are threatening to damage the fundamental pillars of Fidel Castro 's command . Volunteerism at any cost , coarse egalitarianism , active adventures abroad , and a country kept in a state of constant tension by the latest economic or political campaign appear to be gradually fading into things of the past . On the other hand , citizens themselves have begun to experience the most definitive of transformations , that which occurs within . Public criticism is on the rise , although it has not yet found ways to be heard in all its diversity , but every day the fear of police reprisals diminishes . More : Cuba disputes reports of jailed American 's health The official media have unquestionably lost a monopoly on the flow of information and thanks to illegal satellite dishes Florida television now comes to Cuba . Alternative news networks circulate documentaries , films , and articles from independent journalists and bloggers . It 's as if the enormous ocean liner of Revolutionary censorship was taking on water through every porthole . Young people are finally pushing to have Internet access , while the retired complain about their miserable pensions and almost everyone disagrees with the travel restrictions that prevent our leaving and returning to our own country . In short , the illusion of unanimity has fallen to pieces in Ral Castro 's hands . More : Raul Castro 's daughter endorses Obama To this internal scenario , the result of the American elections could be a catalyst or obstacle for changes , but it is no longer the most important factor to consider . Although the billboards lining the streets continue to paint the United States as Goliath wanting to crush little David who represents our island , for an increasing number of people the metaphor does n't play out that way . They know that in our case the abusive giant is a government that tries to control the smallest aspects of our national life , while his opponent is a people who , bit by bit , is becoming more conscious of its real stature .	While Castro regime blames U.S. for Cuba 's ills , many Cubans blame regime Sanchez : Cuban politics depends greatly on U.S. presidential elections Sanchez : Whoever wins the race to the White House will find Cuba in a state of change
CNN  -- Sodden and crumbling , the Pin Oak levee was the only thing standing between Winfield , Missouri , and the flood-swollen Mississippi River on Wednesday . James Burt sits on an embankment near a neighborhood inundated with floodwaters in Winfield , Missouri . "  The currents are already doing enough to our levees , but a 2-inch wake can cause an entire levee to break , " said Andy Binder , public information officer for Lincoln County Emergency Operations Command . "  Right now , we are using the Missouri State Water Patrol to keep people from using their boats around the levees . " On Tuesday , the 2 1/2 - mile levee was hit by a "  down slide " along a 160-foot section of its northern wall . The Army Corps of Engineers rushed in with sandbags and extra dirt for the base to keep the soil from slipping further . The Army Corps of Engineers and Army National Guard announced Wednesday that the troubled section had been fixed , but a 100-foot-long slide west of the original was starting to crumble . Watch the Mississippi 's waters rise " For the 5,000 residents of Lincoln County , it is now a matter of waiting and hoping the levee holds until the Mississippi crests and begins to fall . The river level stood just above 37 feet Wednesday on its secondary crest , 11 feet above flood stage , and is expected to crest again Saturday afternoon at 37.5 feet , The Associated Press reported . At Winfield High School , halls normally dominated by teens are being shared with volunteer workers and evacuated families in the school 's gymnasium , which has served as an American Red Cross rescue shelter since June 16 . Floodwaters have damaged 692 homes . "  Right now , I 'm feeling pretty desperate and in need , " said Sam Payne , who is staying at the high school with his wife and two children . Payne , who left his home June 17 , watched as water rose to the roof after one of the first levee breaches . "  It 's positive that my family is still together , " he said . "  We 're trying to hold back -LSB- our emotions -RSB- . The hard part -- the working part -- is going to be after the water finally recedes . " About 20 Lincoln County residents are completely dependent on the emergency center at the high school , according to the American Red Cross . "  What we have been doing is feeding people three times a day , even those who are n't sleeping in the gym , and giving others food and snacks to take home with them , " said Dan Flippen , the shelter 's manager . "  Luckily , the turnout of the businesses have been outstanding up here , and the school 's principal and staff have been gems for us . " iReport.com : Take a flood tour of Lincoln County , MO The administration and staff memberse have been cleaning , cooking and making space inside the school for people who have been displaced by the flooding . Students have also been taking time to help . "  The students here are constantly trying to help out in the gym , " Flippen said . "  We have to turn anyone who is n't 18 away , but most of those kids just go outside and sandbag . " While the gym has been turned into a makeshift headquarters for the Red Cross and Salvation Army , the Army Corps of Engineers has created a loading depot for levee sandbags behind the school . Rescue officials were rushing to fill to 50,000 sandbags to fortify the levee . They brought in 200 tons of sand and called on anyone who wants to volunteer in the sandbagging effort to report to the high school . Their efforts have been vital to keeping the Pin Oak levee intact and protecting the southern end of Winfield . But with the river approaching its cresting level , sandbagging activities at the high school will stop Sunday afternoon , according to Binder . While they wait , officials watch the water levels and keep boats away from the levee . The Missouri State Water Patrol is also looking out for potential looters and people breaking into unattended cars . Only a few incidents have been reported , and law enforcement released a statement saying those caught looting flood victims would be prosecuted "  with the utmost prejudice . " Evacuations are still being scheduled for people in areas close to the rising water , and the Red Cross and Salvation Army are stocking up on supplies from individual donors , local businesses and the St. Louis Red Cross chapter . Pending the rains , the weather service said the river would n't begin to recede at St. Louis -- where there is flooding , but it is not significant -- until Thursday night . Forecasters said the last point on the river to finish cresting would be near Chester , Illinois , about 80 miles south of St. Louis , on Friday . On Wednesday , the National Weather Service issued flash flood warnings for Lincoln County . Early Tuesday , water broke through one of the main levees in neighboring St. Charles County . Officials working around the levee are required to wear life jackets , with the levee now able to "  go at any time , " according to Binder . Meanwhile , President Bush declared 22 Missouri counties to be disaster areas on Wednesday . The declaration makes federal funding available to state and local governments for disaster-related damages . Even with the approaching water , residents are trying to remain optimistic . "  There have certainly been some tears shed here , " Flippen said . "  But people here are used to getting flooded , and they 'll try to do the best they can . "  Just the other day , we had a a couple of guys who were driving from Oklahoma just to sandbag . It shows the type of effort people are putting in to help us out . "	Town of Winfield , Missouri , hopes crumbling Pin Oak levee holds until river crests Mississippi expected to crest Saturday at more than 11 feet above flood stage Winfield High School becomes staging ground for relief efforts , temporary shelters Floodwaters have damaged 692 homes in Winfield
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Democrats ' top investigator in Congress reacted angrily Friday to a report that the former Blackwater USA employee accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard was hired by another U.S. contractor weeks later . Rep. Henry Waxman says the State Department is covering up "  an epidemic of corruption " in Iraq . The report comes alongside Rep. Henry Waxman 's warning of a "  confrontation " with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice over how much Americans should be able to learn about corruption in Iraq . In a sharply worded letter , Waxman demanded Rice turn over a long list of documents related to the contractor , Andrew Moonen . "  Serious questions now exist about whether the State Department may have withheld from the U.S. Defense Department facts about this Blackwater contractor 's shooting of the Iraqi guard that should have prevented his hiring to work on another contract in support of the Iraq War , " wrote Waxman , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . Moonen is accused of fatally shooting an Iraqi guard and fleeing the scene , according to a Congressional memo describing the investigation report . He was fined , fired and flown home from Iraq , and the company later paid $ 20,000 in compensation to the victim 's family . Moonen returned to the United States within a few days of the incident , his attorney said , but in February he returned to Kuwait working for Combat Support Associates  CSA  , a company spokesman said . CNN reported Thursday night that CSA said it was unaware of the December incident when it hired Moonen , because the State Department and Blackwater kept the incident quiet and out of Moonen 's personnel records . Waxman wrote it is "  hard to reconcile this development " with previous assertions State Department officials have made in recent days . Waxman earlier accused Rice and the State Department of a cover-up of what he called "  an epidemic of corruption " in Iraq in general . He branded the State Department 's anti-corruption efforts "  dysfunctional , under-funded and a low priority . " Waxman further blasted the department for trying to keep secret details of corruption in Iraq , especially relating to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  Corruption is increasing in Iraq , and the State Department ca n't keep us from knowing that -- ca n't censor that -- just because it might embarrass or hurt our relationship with -LSB- al - -RSB- Maliki , " Waxman said at the House committee hearing . Watch Waxman ask why negative comments must be said behind closed doors " Deputy Secretary of State Larry Butler repeatedly refused to answer questions from Waxman about Iraqi corruption but offered full disclosure if his testimony would be kept secret . Asked if he believes the Iraqi government has the political will or the capability to root out corruption , Butler responded , "  Mr. Chairman , questions which go to the broad nature of our bilateral relationship with Iraq are best answered in a classified setting . " But he was more forthcoming when talking about efforts that al-Maliki has taken to improve matters , commending the prime minister for dispatching Iraqi forces to surround a refinery to ensure oil did not end up on the black market . But Waxman appeared unmoved . "  Why can you talk about the positive things and not the negative things ? " he asked . "  Should n't we have the whole picture ? " "  I 'd be very pleased to answer those questions in an appropriate setting , " Butler replied . Waxman laughed and asked , "  An appropriate setting for positive things is a congressional hearing , but for negative things , it must be behind closed doors ? " "  As you know , this goes to the very heart of diplomatic relations and national security , " Butler said . "  It goes to the very heart of propaganda , " Waxman said , putting funding for anti-corruption activities through June 15 , 2006 , at $ 65 million , "  or less than 0.003 percent of the total " spent by the Iraqi Relief and Reconstruction Fund . The State Department said details of anti-corruption efforts must be secret to protect investigators and Iraqi allies . In a letter to Rice last week , Waxman called the department 's position "  ludicrous . " Fellow Democratic Rep. John Yarmuth of Kentucky agreed . "  It 's pretty clear that the administration just wants to muzzle any comments that reflect negatively on the -LSB- al - -RSB- Maliki government , " he said . Earlier , the former head of the Iraqi Commission on Public Integrity , Judge Radhi Hamza al-Radhi , told the hearing that al-Maliki had protected family members from corruption investigations , citing Salam al-Maliki , Iraq 's former transportation minister and the prime minister 's cousin . Al-Radhi resigned last month and fled Iraq after he and his family were attacked and 31 of his anti-corruption employees were killed . He said corruption has affected "  virtually every agency and ministry , including some of the most powerful officials in Iraq . " "  Corruption has stopped possible advances by the government on the political level , on economic reconstruction , on basic services , amenities and infrastructure and on the rule of law , " he told the committee , estimating the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billion . In Baghdad , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh acknowledged his country is plagued with a "  high level " of corruption , but he said officials are trying to rein in the problem . U.S. Comptroller General David Walker , head of the Government Accountability Office , said there appeared to be no U.S. plan for countering the corruption . He urged Congress to consider conditioning future appropriations on such a plan "  so we can achieve some results rather than have just more efforts . " Waxman questioned whether Iraq 's government was "  too corrupt to succeed . " If so , he added , "  We need to ask if we could , in good conscience , continue to ... prop up his regime . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bob Constantini contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Henry Waxman demands documents on Iraq contractor Waxman accuses State Department of covering up "  an epidemic of corruption " State Department says it will provide information if it is kept classified Ex-Iraqi official estimates the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billion
CNN  The officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in South Carolina has been fired as anger continues to build around his case . A video shows Officer Michael Slager , who is white , firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott as Scott has his back to him and is running away . Scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times . Timeline of events The FBI is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage . "  I have watched the video , and I was sickened by what I saw , " North Charleston police Chief Eddie Driggers told reporters Wednesday . The mayor spoke at the same news conference that was repeatedly interrupted by protesters , who chanted : "  No justice ! No peace ! " They called for Mayor Keith Summey to step down . Summey told reporters that the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "  so every officer on the street " in the city will have one . That is in addition to 101 body cameras already ordered , he said . Just before the conference was set to begin , demonstrators walked in . They were led by a man wearing a "  Black Lives Matter " T-shirt who shouted , "  This is what democracy looks like ! " Scott 's shooting stirred memories of the Michael Brown case in Ferguson , Missouri , where an unarmed black teenager was killed by a white police officer . A grand jury declined to indict the officer in that case . But not everyone agreed that Scott 's case is like Brown 's or that race was a factor . "  We ca n't get into the brain of another individual , so we ca n't state that , " Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said . "  I think it would be irresponsible to say that and try and inflame a community or anything of that nature . " An autopsy of Scott showed that he "  sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body , " and his death was the result of a homicide , the Charleston County Coroner 's Office said . Asked whether CPR was performed on Scott after Slager shot him , Driggers said : "  In the end of it  the video  , what I saw was  what I  believed to be a police officer removing the shirt of the individual and performing some type of life-saving  procedure  , but I 'm not sure what took place there . " The North Charleston Police department was not legally obligated to but chose to hand the case over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division , according to a news release from Scarlett A. Wilson , the Ninth Judicial Circuit solicitor . Though Wilson said she is subject to rules that limit what she can say publicly , she stated : "  My role is to hold accountable those who harm others unlawfully , regardless of profession . This office does not dictate nor comment upon police policy , training and procedure . I am , however , deeply concerned when those who are sworn to serve and protect violate the public 's trust . " Slager pulled Scott over on Saturday morning for a broken taillight , authorities have said . The beginning of the video shows the two men standing close to each other . Any words exchanged between Scott and Slager are not audible on the released tape . It 's also unclear what happened before Scott started to run away , or why he ran . The officer initially said that he used a Taser stun gun on Scott and that Scott tried to take his weapon . "  Shots fired and the subject is down , " Slager said , according to police reports . "  He took my Taser . " Before the officer started firing his gun , a dark object falls behind him and hits the ground . It 's not clear whether that is the Taser . Later in the video , when the officer approaches Scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . It 's not clear whether that is the Taser . It 's unknown whether Scott took the officer 's Taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . When Scott 's brother Anthony saw the video , he was convinced the officer had lied , he told CNN . "  There was not a struggle for the Taser , " Anthony Scott said . "  I did n't believe my brother would have done that anyway . " To Anthony Scott , the videotape shows his brother was "  running for his life " away from the officer . "  I think my brother was thinking he was not going to be shot , no one would have thought that , " Scott said . The video shows Walter Scott attempting to run away . His back is to the officer , and he is a few yards away when the officer raises his gun and fires . A man walking to work on Saturday recorded the video and provided it to the family . That man , Feidin Santana , spoke to NBC 's Lester Holt . He said there had been a struggle between the two men on the ground before he started recording , and that the officer was in control . When asked how he felt about the fact that Slager has been charged with murder , Santana said that "  no one can feel happy . " "  He has his family and Mr. Scott also has his family . But I think , you know , he made a bad decision . And , you know , you pay for your decisions in this life , " he told NBC 's Holt . "  Mr. Scott did n't deserve this . And there were other ways that can be used to get him arrested . And that was n't the proper way to do that . " If convicted of murder , Slager could face life in prison or the death penalty . Who is Officer Slager ? "  People are upset , people are pointing out how wrong the officer was for gunning down Mr. Scott , " South Carolina State Rep. Justin Bamberg said as he stood alongside Anthony Scott on Wednesday . #WalterScott received 11,000 mentions on Twitter in just one hour Wednesday ; 243,000 mentions in 24 hours . #RIPWalterScott is also trending , as is #MichaelSlager . Bamberg said he has n't heard of anyone acting out violently to protest the shooting . He and Scott stressed they do n't want that to happen . "  Things are in play now , and this officer is in the process of being prosecuted , " Bamberg said , imploring anyone listening to him speak on CNN : "  We ask that you let the justice process run its course . " That message was echoed by Walter Scott 's mother , who said she feels "  forgiveness in my heart , even for the guy that shot and killed my son . " "  He was a loving son , a loving father . He cared about his family and ... no matter what happens , it will not replace my son , " Judy Scott told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The Justice Department said it would "  take appropriate action in light of the evidence and developments in the state case . " "  The South Carolina Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an investigation concurrent with the S.C. Law Enforcement Division and are providing aid as necessary to the state investigation , " the Justice Department said in a statement . "  The Department of Justice Civil Rights Division and the South Carolina U.S. Attorney 's Office will work with the FBI in the investigation . " Whether Scott 's civil rights were violated will be part of the Justice Department 's investigation . In the meantime , Slager remains behind bars . He was denied bail at a bond hearing Tuesday night , CNN affiliate WCIV reported . Slager will remain in custody unless a circuit court sets his bond , a court spokesman told CNN . The court has not set a date for that hearing . According to WCIV , Slager initially said through his attorney , David Aylor , that he followed the appropriate policies and procedures . But Aylor later told CNN that he no longer represents the officer . It 's not clear whether Slager has found a new attorney . A CNN examination of Slager 's police job application indicates he has been an employee of the North Charleston Police Department for about five years and five months . Instead of wearing his police uniform , Slager now wears a jail uniform . Who was Walter Scott ? CNN 's Ryan Scallan , Christine Bear , Tristan Smith , Martin Savidge , Dana Ford , Sam Stringer , Randi Kaye , Chandler Friedman , Evan Perez , Don Lemon and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Witness who took the video says "  Mr. Scott did n't deserve this " North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is fired The city orders an additional 150 body cameras
CNN  -- A new invasion of pyrotechnics and full-body costumes will assault London this weekend , as the 2014 NFL International Series signs off with a third sell-out date at Wembley Stadium . More than any previous tour , this series has delivered on the league 's grand ambition to embed itself in the public imagination overseas . Backed by feverish hype and a willing host government , NFL chiefs are confidently predicting a permanent franchise in London within a few years . As the party gets started ahead of Dallas Cowboys vs. Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday , events will be closely followed by Richard Scudamore , the all-powerful Chief Executive of England 's Premier League  EPL  , who would dearly love to take the ` other ' football on tour , sending Manchester United and Chelsea over to entertain the locals in New York or Shanghai . Scudamore , credited with much of the league 's vast commercial success since his appointment in 1999 , first raised the idea of adding an extra , overseas fixture -- the "  39th game " - to the calendar in 2008 . That proposal was swiftly shot down but , in August , Scudamore maintained : "  It will happen at some point . " At an informal meeting in October , Premier League officials discussed the possibility of a single round of fixtures from the existing schedule being taken abroad as early as the 2016-17 season . It is easy to see the appeal . The league is the most popular domestic sporting product in the world , with a vast global audience worth over # 650 million  $ 1.04 billion  each year in international TV rights . Overseas friendlies have also been richly rewarded , with Manchester United earning # 8 million  $ 12.8 million  over three matches in the U.S. last summer . One of these , a 3-1 win over Real Madrid in Michigan , broke the American attendance record for the sport with a crowd of 109 , 318 at the "  Big House . " The Premier League 's competitors are looking abroad to find ways of closing the gap . Italy 's Serie A has international TV rights worth just # 146  $ 234 million  million each year , but already plays its Super Cup match abroad . Past locations include China and the U.S. , with the next edition set to be held in Qatar . Roma President James Palotta is keen for league fixtures to follow . Such expansion is a strategic goal for owners of English team , says Alex Fynn , a football consultant who advised the country 's Football Association on the creation of the Premier League . "  The majority of clubs are foreign owned , and it 's a natural step for them , " says Fynn "  The Premier League is no longer an English league , it 's an international league that happens to played in England . If that 's the case why not play it abroad ? That 's the owners ' thinking . " If clubs are the driving force for the proposed changes , they have been reluctant to say so . West Ham United vice-chairman Karen Brady has said she "  likes the idea , " and Swansea City Chairman Huw Jenkins has said matches abroad are "  inevitable " . But a spokesman for the Welsh club later claimed that Jenkins had been misquoted , while West Ham , along with most clubs , will not discuss the matter until they see a formal proposal . The caution has been conditioned by fierce and unanimous hostility from supporters . The 2008 proposal was killed off in little over a week by sustained campaigning from fan groups , including lobbying international authorities and nationwide protests . The response this time has been just as emphatic , with every supporter trust rapidly issuing a condemnation of the plans . "  The first issue is competitive integrity , " says Tim Rolls of the Chelsea Supporter 's Trust . "  Half the teams would lose a home game and the normal advantage of that . " Rolls lists concerns over when the games abroad would be played -- potentially at a crucial stage of the season -- as well as the dramatically different conditions they could be played under , and which games were chosen . "  Not all games are going to be attractive to foreign audiences so would they engineer the draw , or make it purely at random ? Say you play Burnley 's home match with Manchester United in Kuala Lumpur -- their home fans are losing the most attractive game of the season . " Research from supporter trusts with their overseas branches in Asia revealed that few were keen on league games in their countries , with a popular response being that the setting of famous stadiums like Old Trafford or Anfield is an integral part of the appeal . Activists believe this supports a business argument for keeping clubs in England . "  Our argument is that what makes the premier league so effective at generating sales overseas is not just what 's on the pitch -- Spain and Germany have been more successful lately , " says Kevin Miles , chief executive of the Football Supporter Federation , which represents fans across the country . "  Scudamore and the league are very aware that when it comes to overseas sales , atmosphere and tradition are crucial to what they were selling , and give them the edge . I think they jeopardize that at their peril . " Despite recent progress , the NFL still highlights the challenge of exporting passion for teams outside the U.S. , believes Michael Oriard , former lineman for the Kansas City Chiefs , academic and author of several books on the business of the sport . "  I 've long believed that marketing the NFL overseas would struggle , because my sense of team sports is that they are locally rooted , " says Oriard . "  Europe has its football , ours is alien there so it 's harder for people to attach themselves . The London games have done well but they are largely curiosities . " However , Oriard believes that NFL fans are more tolerant of international games that their English counterparts as Americans "  are often more attached to the league than a team . " The NFL also has the advantage of avoiding barriers from international bodies that the Premier League now faces . FIFA -- football 's global governing body -- rules dictate that games abroad would need to be approved by all relevant member associations and confederations , with the global authority retaining a veto in any case . UEFA , which runs European football , is emphasizing the obstacles , while the Asian confederation previously rejected the "  39th game . " The timing is problematic , against the backdrop of mounting criticism and supporter disillusionment with governance in the English game . A leading concern is ticket prices that have risen over 1000 % in many cases since the Premier League was introduced in 1992 , pricing out younger and lower-earning fans , an issue which has led to fan activists targeting sponsors . Fans also argue that prohibitive pricing has damaged the matchday atmosphere , and there is increasing acknowledgment that this is under threat . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho recently criticized the club 's home support , saying it felt like his team was "  playing in an empty stadium , " while various clubs are promoting initiatives such as dedicated singing sections . Anger directed at club owners is growing , fueled by disastrous cases of mismanagement at teams such as Leeds and Portsmouth , both of which have entered administration and tumbled out of England 's elite division . Thirty-six league clubs have gone into administration in the Premier League era . Supporters are demanding a greater role in clubs ' decisions , often inspired by Germany 's 50 +1 rule that guarantees majority fan ownership . English clubs like Wimbledon and Portsmouth have been saved from extinction by fans who now run them successfully . That model could become commonplace . The Labour party has committed to historic legislation should it win next year 's election , that would see supporter representatives on the boards of every club in England . The government has responded with a working group aiming to facilitate supporter ownership . Despite their many grievances , the loyalty of local fan bases was shown by attendances of 96 % capacity at Premier League games in 2012/13 . But playing league games abroad would represent an unprecedented test of that loyalty , at a time of growing tension . It would motivate and mobilize vast numbers of local supporters in opposition , to prove they can not be taken for granted The issue marks a crossroads for major English clubs on the journey from community institutions to global brands . Should the campaign against matches abroad succeed , it could mark a new era of supporter involvement and democratic ownership . If the League gets its wish for foreign fixtures , it could pave the way for even more radical transformations such as cross-border leagues and the slashing of the domestic calendar . At a time of great uncertainty , only change is guaranteed .	The NFL returns to London Sunday , as Dallas Cowboys take on Jacksonville Jaguars Third and final installment of the 2014 International Series NFL is keen to place a permanent franchise in the British capital Soccer 's English Premier League is also looking to play matches overseas
CNN  -- Two Iranian warships have docked in Sudan carrying "  a message of support and friendship , " Sudanese state media said . The ships arrived in Port Sudan on Sunday and will stay until Wednesday , according to SUNA , the official Sudanese news agency . The presence "  clearly shows the solid support of political and diplomatic relationships between the Sudanese and Iranian navies , " the agency quoted Sudanese army spokesman Savarmi Khaled Saad as saying Monday . The warships arrived less than a week after a weapons factory in Khartoum was bombed , killing two people , in what Sudanese officials said was an airstrike by Israel . Sudan blames Israel for weapons factory blast Israel has declined to comment on the attack in the east African country . No one has claimed responsibility for the bombing last Tuesday . The Sudanese Foreign Ministry issued a statement Monday condemning what it called "  a brutal assault carried out by the State of Israel " on the Yarmouk Industrial Complex , SUNA said . It also dismissed suggestions that the weapons factory was manufacturing arms for Iran or its allies , denying "  any link between the Sudanese military manufacturing output and any external party , " according to SUNA The statement accused Israel of using "  misleading leaks " to the media to allege that the factory had ties "  to the states of Iran and Syria and to the Islamic Resistance Movement in Palestine  Hamas  , and to Hezbollah in Lebanon . " Iran has no need for weapons to be manufactured in Sudan , the Foreign Ministry statement insisted . That assertion was repeated Monday by IRNA , Iran 's state-run news agency . Iran last week condemned what it also says was an Israeli airstrike on Khartoum , and it called the strike a clear violation of international laws , according to the news agency . An Iranian flotilla that left Iranian waters in September included a navy helicopter carrier and a destroyer , IRNA reported . It "  aimed to echo the message of peace and friendship to the neighboring states and guarantee security of the seafaring and shipping lines vis-a-vis sea piracy , " the news agency said . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Two Iranian warships are at Port Sudan , Sudanese state media report Their visit is a show of support and friendship , Iran and Sudan say An airstrike destroyed an arms factory in Sudan last week ; Iran and Sudan blame Israel Sudan denies that the factory was producing arms for Iran or its allies
More than 3,500 pages of previously secret Clinton White House documents made public Friday showed that the more things change , the more they stay the same . Highlights from the Clinton documents Do your own review with the CNN document reader Some of the confidential memos , notes and other papers released by the National Archives referred to technological advances of the times , such as the 1995 memo that suggested then first lady Hillary Clinton use the Internet to speak to young women because it "  has become very popular . " Others detailed political battles over health care reform that sounded like today 's headlines . "  The Republican alternative , as it appears now to be shaping up , at least among the moderate Republicans in the Senate , is an individual mandate , we have looked at that in every way we know how to , " said Hillary Clinton 's notes from a 1993 meeting with Democratic leaders in Congress . "  That is politically and substantively a much harder sell than the one we 've got -- a much harder sell . " Health care wars of old We now know that the Clinton plan for employers to provide health coverage for workers failed to pass back then , and the individual mandate -- requiring people to obtain health insurance -- is the foundation of the 2010 Obamacare reforms passed by the Democratic-controlled Congress with zero Republican votes . From the same meeting with congressional Democrats , Clinton wrote that "  it may be an unpleasant fact for some of us Democrats to face , but the argument is not going to  be  won on bringing in the uninsured . " President Barack Obama and Democrats now face relentless criticism from Republicans over changes in policies and costs forced on some consumers by the 2010 reforms , rather than the requirement that the previously uninsured get coverage . Clinton 's words from two decades ago now sound prescient . "  The argument is going to be won , " she wrote , on keeping coverage "  for everybody , including those who are insured , but may not be next year or the year after . " In another memo from 1994 , an aide to President Bill Clinton warned against using a line in the upcoming State of the Union address about his administration 's health care proposal that said : "  You 'll pick the health plan and the doctor of your choice . " "  This sounds great and I know that it 's just what people want to hear , but can we get away with it ? " wrote White House Staff Secretary Todd Stern . Noting that the thrust of the Clinton reforms was to steer people toward "  cheaper , HMO-style providers , " Stern added that he worried about "  getting skewered for overpromising here on something we know full well we wo n't deliver . " Today , Obama gets skewered for similar claims he made during the health care debate 15 years later that turned out to be exaggerated or plain wrong , such as his "  if you like your health care plan , you can keep it " statement that earned him "  Lie of the Year " by the fact-checking website PolitiFact . Clinton OK with Obamacare fixes Hillary Clinton , the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , faces no apparent bombshells from the 3,546 pages of archival documents made public Friday . Can Clinton tap Obama 's magic in South Carolina ? It was the first batch of more than 30,000 pages eligible for release after a 12-year waiting period under the Presidential Records Act , with more to be made public in March . First digital age presidential candidate "  So far , and underlining so far because we 're still going through the documents , absolutely nothing " amounting to a game-changer for Clinton , said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . At the same time , he noted Clinton would be the first presidential candidate of the digital age with still unpublicized documentation dating back to her eight years in the White House as first lady . "  There 's never been a candidate that we think we know so well , but yet there 's this huge resource of information where we still might learn things , " King said . The new documents showed a first lady pushed by her aides to be more open and accessible to the public . In the 1995 memo by Press Secretary Lisa Caputo , suggestions included a guest appearance on the ABC TV show "  Home Improvement " and using the then-young Internet to connect to young women , noting that "  Internet has become a very popular mode of communication . " Four years later , adviser Mandy Grunwald offered "  style pointers " in a memo for listening tour Clinton did after creating an exploratory committee for her Senate campaign in New York . "  Do n't be defensive . Look like you want the questions . The press is obviously watching to see if they can make you uncomfortable or testy . Even on the annoying questions , give relaxed answers , " Grunwald wrote . She also added that Clinton should "  look for opportunities for humor " because "  it 's important that people see more sides of you , and they often see you only in very stern situations . " Adviser in 1999 : Try to be funny Grunwald also advised Clinton to avoid laying claim on the record of her husband 's administration , saying "  this trip is about you , and you are not an incumbent . " One more tip from Grunwald : be prepared to be asked if she ever used drugs . With the potential for politically volatile details in the documents , groups trying to bolster or harm Clinton 's possible presidential ambitions made clear they would be having a look . America Rising , a pro-Republican opposition research shop , told CNN that "  we 'll be poring through them , " with a person on ground in Arkansas for that purpose . Rubio on 2016 : Clinton would ` struggle ' Correct the Record , a pro-Democratic group with deep ties to the Clinton family , also told CNN it would have a team going over the new information . Dem groups already at work for 2016 Heavy demand appeared to disable the website of the William J. Clinton Presidential Library for some users in the first minutes after the documents were released on Friday afternoon . In total , approximately 25,000 pages of new documents , including confidential communications between President Bill Clinton and his top advisers , will be released over the next two weeks . Under the Presidential Records Act of 1978 , they became eligible for release in January 2013 , 12 years after Clinton 's presidency ended . "  When those restrictions expired ,  the National Archives and Records Administration  then provided notification of our intent to disclose these Presidential records to the representatives of President Obama and former President Clinton in accordance with Executive Order 13489 , so that they may conduct a privilege review of the records , " the National Archives said in a written statement . "  As they complete their review , NARA is able to make the records available . " More documents coming An additional 8,000 pages are undergoing a further month-long review per a directive from the White House and will not be available for release prior to March 26 . The documents in question were part of files that had been requested for public release over the years under the Freedom of Information Act , but were withheld due to their sensitive nature . While the Presidential Records Act established public ownership of White House documents as far back as the Reagan Administration , it defined six categories of records that could be withheld for the 12-year period . They include classified national security information , confidential business information and trade secrets , and unwarranted invasions of personal privacy . Documents pertaining to federal appointments and confidential communications , so-called "  P2 " and "  P5 " exemptions , also fall under the 12-year protection of the act . After the 12-year mark from the end of a presidential administration , the records are subject to the same restrictions as spelled out in the Freedom of Information Act , with one key exception . Congress excluded presidential records from exemptions based on executive privilege . However , since the passage of the law , Presidents Reagan , George W. Bush and Barack Obama have each issued executive orders clarifying the process under which an incumbent president or former president could assert executive privilege to prevent the release of documents . The new releases will not be the first from the Clinton archives . The library routinely releases records in response to FOIA requests , although a sizable backlog exists . Freedom of Information Act requests Records were also released during the Supreme Court nomination of Elena Kagan , who worked as a White House lawyer during the Clinton administration , and also as a result of ongoing legal action from the conservative group Judicial Watch . Interest in the often unglamorous world of archival research has spiked due to the possible presidential candidacy of Hillary Clinton , a former U.S. senator from New York and secretary of state in Obama 's first term . Earlier this month , CNN reviewed papers from a former confidante of the Clintons , Diane Blair , that offered some revealing personal glimpses of Hillary Clinton during her years as first lady . Blair was counselor , friend for Hillary Clinton CNN document reader : Read from the Blair papers	Newly released Clinton papers detail health care battle of 1990s Public gets a new look at inner workings of the Clinton White House Several thousand pages of documents released in a first batch Hillary Clinton is now a potential presidential contender in 2016
