Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- As the sun set in Chile on Saturday , a picture of the immense structural damage wrought by an early morning earthquake had come clearly into focus , with the nation 's president estimating that 2 million people had been affected in some way . More than 300 people were killed , according to Chile 's Office of Emergency Management , and 15 are missing . The carnage from the 8.8-magnitude quake did n't begin to approach that unleashed by January 's earthquake in Haiti , which left 212,000 people dead and more than a million homeless , even though it was considerably less forceful , with a 7.0 magnitude . Saturday 's quake was 700 to 800 times stronger , but at a greater depth -- 21.7 miles -- compared to the shallow 8.1-mile depth of the Haiti quake , which contributed to much of the damage there . Coastal Chile has a history of deadly earthquakes , with 13 quakes of magnitude 7.0 or higher since 1973 , the U.S. Geological Survey said . As a result , experts said that newer buildings are constructed to help withstand the shocks . Still , the damage from Chile 's earthquake was widespread . A 15-story high rise near the southern city of Concepcion collapsed ; the country 's major north-south highway was severed at multiple points ; and the capital city 's airport was closed after its terminal sustained major damage . Chilean President Michelle Bachelet announced that all public events would be canceled for the next 72 hours and that the start of the the school year -- originally scheduled for Monday -- would be delayed until March 8 . "  The forces of nature have hurt our country greatly , " Bachelet said in a nationally televised message Saturday night . "  We are now having to face adversity and stand again . " The quake struck at 3:34 a.m.  1:34 a.m. ET  off the Pacific coast at a depth of nearly 22 miles  35 km  and about 60 miles  100 km  northwest of Chillan , Chile , the USGS said . Santiago , the capital , is 200 miles  325 km  northeast of the epicenter . Saturday 's epicenter was just a few miles north of the largest earthquake recorded in the world : a magnitude 9.5 quake in May 1960 that killed 1,655 and unleashed a tsunami that crossed the Pacific . The quake was followed by 76 aftershocks of 4.9 magnitude or greater , according to the USGS . That includes a 6.1-magnitude temblor in Argentina that killed a 58-year-old man and an 8-year-old boy in separate towns , the government-run Telam news agency said . Some buildings in the Argentine capital , Buenos Aires , were evacuated , though the city is 690 miles  1,111 kilometers  from Santiago . Earlier Saturday , a large wave killed three people and 10 were missing on the island of Juan Fernandez , 400 miles  643 km  off the coast of Chile , said Provincial Governor Ivan De La Maza . Across Chile , desperate relatives spent the day searching for missing loved ones . Many used the Internet to ask for help in finding relatives . Millions of other Chileans began swapping tales of fear and confusion in the early morning hours , soon after the quake struck . CNN iReporter Matias de Cristobal said many homes in her Santiago neighborhood were destroyed . Cristobal tried to climb upstairs to check on her three children after she began feeling tremors Saturday , but she was slowed by shifting ground and falling objects . Mirko Vukasovic , a 25-year-old illustrator in Santiago , had been dancing at a club early Saturday when the disco ball began swinging wildly . A chaotic evacuation was already under way when the lights went out , and everyone managed to escape , Vukasovic said . "  Broken windows and falling building parts was what welcomed us in the streets , " he said . Many initially greeted the quake with disbelief . "  It was 3 or 4 in the morning and I had come home late , " said Aneya Fernando , an American who teaches English in Santiago . "  Suddenly my bed was moving so violently that it woke me up . " "  I 'm on the 10th floor of a building and it was swaying and shaking , " Fernando , 23 , said . "  Suddenly -LSB- the shaking -RSB- was just gone and I was confused . I thought it was in my head . " When Fernando 's electricity returned 30 minutes later , she learned of the earthquake on TV . The task of trying to rescue survivors and recover the dead continued into the night . Buildings lay in rubble , bridges and highway overpasses were toppled and roads buckled like rumpled paper . Mangled cars were strewn on highways , many of them resting on their roofs . Santiago , the capital , lost electricity and basic services , including water and telephones . A chemical fire in the city that was spreading from one building to others forced the evacuation of everyone within 500 meters . Chilean television showed buildings in tatters in Concepcion , in coastal central Chile . Whole sides of buildings were torn off , and at least two structures were engulfed in flames . Emergency teams rescued 30 people from one collapsed building in Concepcion . iReport.com : Did you feel it ? Share information , images with CNN President-elect Sebastian Pinera , who will take office in March , also was monitoring the situation and warned , "  The number of victims could get higher . " Bachelet declared areas of catastrophe , similar to a state of emergency , which will allow her to rush in aid . She noted that two of the nation 's largest hospitals had suffered structural damage and patients were taken to other facilities . Other public institutions also were affected . "  There were reports of riots at one of the jails , " Bachelet said . "  The jails have , of course , received significant damage ... We are looking into possibly moving some of these inmates . " Two airlines , LAN and Cencosud , announced they were temporarily suspending services . Several international humanitarian groups pledged help for Chile 's relief effort , with AmeriCares announcing it was sending medical aid and an emergency response team to Chile . Oxfam said it 's sending a team of water engineers and logisticians from Colombia and senior humanitarian staff from Mexico to help in relief efforts . In a televised address Saturday , President Obama said that the United States has resources positioned to assist Chile if it requests help . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she will proceed Sunday with her planned trip to five Latin American countries , including Chile . Meanwhile , the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a major tsunami warning for parts of its coastline , indicating the possibility of waves 9 feet or higher . Tens of thousands of coastal residents were evacuated ahead of the potential surge . Follow tsunami warning information The Philippines Institute of Volcanology and Seismology also issued a tsunami alert , with the first waves expected in the Philippines around 1 p.m. on Sunday  midnight Saturday ET  . In Hawaii , a tsunami warning was lifted around 1:45 p.m.  6:45 p.m. ET  , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . Check out the world 's biggest earthquakes since 1900 Small waves from the tsunami also reached Tasmania , an island about 150 miles  240 km  east of Australia , said Chris Ryan co-director of the Joint Australian Tsunami Warning Center in Melbourne , Australia . No damage was expected from possibly stronger waves to follow , Ryan said . "  We have a two-level warning system , " he said . "  It 's at the lower warning level . ... We expect some danger for people on the beach or close to water 's edge ... but not to buildings or structures . " CNN 's Rolando Santos , Brian Byrnes and Patty Lane contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to more than 300 and 15 are missing , emergency agency says More than 2 million affected by quake , Chile 's president says Infrastructure damage is severe and widespread , including buildings and highways 8.8-magnitude quake occurred at a depth of nearly 22 miles
EW.com  -- National Geographic Channel 's new film "  Killing Lincoln " explores a key part of the 16th president 's story that Steven Spielberg 's big screen hit largely passed over . Based on Fox News host Bill O'Reilly 's bestselling book , Killing Lincoln chronicles the final days of President Lincoln  Billy Campbell  and the plot by his assassin John Wilkes Booth  Jesse Johnson  . Below is the first trailer for the movie , which debuts next month . "  Killing Lincoln " spends time portraying both men as it builds toward , as narrator Tom Hanks puts it , "  the most resonant crime in the history of the nation , " and then chronicles the extensive manhunt to bring Booth to justice . The show 's auspices are quite impressive . In addition to Hanks , Killing Lincoln is produced by Ridley and Tony Scott  the latter having joined the production before his death last year  and is directed by Adrian Moat  Gettysburg  . "  This is really the Lincoln story you 've never seen before , " Ridley Scott says . "  Killing Lincoln " marks Nat Geo 's first scripted drama . Here 's the debut preview . There 's a couple brief interview snippets with the actors and producers , but the home stretch of the two-minute video is a theatrical-style trailer . Below , some previously released quotes from Johnson and Campbell about their performances : "  The prevailing image of Booth is one of a two-dimensional , mustache-twirling villain , " Johnson says . "  My job was to dig deeper . Show that he was as complex as a Shakespearean character he portrayed on the stage . Demonstrate the artistry , obsession and Southern rigor as well as the virulent disdain for an ` inferior ' president that culminated into his own bloody , one-act play . " Adds Campbell : "  Lincoln is so adored , so universally revered today that it 's easy to forget he was a controversial president â $ " one with many enemies â $ " in fact he repeatedly dreamt of his own assassination . We felt it important to convey this hidden side of Lincoln , this sense of his almost wasting away with premonitions of death , even as he was outwardly so poised and steadfast through the closing of the war . " See original story and watch the trailer at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Killing Lincoln " covers ground not included in the recent Spielberg film It 's National Geographic Channel 's first scripted drama "  Killing Lincoln " is produced by Ridley and Tony Scott
CNN  -- A faulty monitoring system on a gasoline tank at a Puerto Rico storage facility most likely led to a massive fire in October that damaged homes and businesses more than a mile away , federal investigators said Tuesday . A storage tank at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in Bayamon , near San Juan , was being filled with gasoline from a ship docked in San Juan harbor when the tank apparently overflowed , U.S. Chemical Safety Board investigators said at a news conference . "  Gasoline spilled from the tank without detection ; as the material spilled , it vaporized and spread across the facility , " the agency said in a release . "  CSB investigators estimate that the vapor cloud spread to a 2,000-foot diameter until it reached an ignition source in the northwest section of the facility . " The liquid level in the tank could not be determined because the facility 's computerized monitoring system was not fully operational , the CSB investigators said . To monitor the level in the tank , operators used a mechanical gauge on the tank 's exterior wall , the investigators said . As the gasoline level in the tank rose and eventually overflowed , employees in the facility 's control room were not aware of the situation . "  The filling of a tank without a functioning monitoring system is the type of activity the CSB will be examining very closely , " said lead investigator Jeffrey Wanko . "  The CSB 's investigation will examine operations particular to Caribbean Petroleum , but will also look at the regulations and best practices surrounding the industry as a whole in an effort to improve safety practices at similar facilities . " The fire , which started at 12:23 a.m. on October 23 , burned for three days . There were no fatalities , but thousands of residents were forced to evacuate to avoid the thick clouds of black smoke . The FBI has determined that the explosion was an industrial accident , said Agent Harry Rodriguez of the San Juan office . "  It was not a terrorist act or an act of sabotage , " he said . He said the FBI had determined that graffiti found on two San Juan tunnels that referred to a fire were not painted by anyone with connection to the blaze . The spray-painted message on the tunnels , less than three miles apart , said : "  Boom , fire , RIP , Gulf , Soul , ACNF . " Caribbean Petroleum owns the Gulf Oil brand in Puerto Rico . Nonetheless , Rodriguez said , the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were still investigating . Caribbean Petroleum supplies a significant portion of Puerto Rico 's petroleum products . The facility includes a tank farm and refinery that was shut down in 2000 . Before the fire , the tank farm stored gasoline , diesel fuel , jet fuel and fuel oil in about 30 aboveground tanks . The Chemical Safety Board is an independent federal agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents . CSB investigators look into all aspects of chemical accidents , including physical causes such as equipment failure , as well as inadequacies in regulations , industry standards and safety management systems . The board , which is appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate , does not issue citations or fines . The board does make safety recommendations to plants , industry organizations , labor groups and regulatory agencies such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Storage tank fire at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. has been investigated Tank overflowed , creating vapor cloud that ignited , officials say FBI says the explosion was an industrial accident , not terrorism or sabotage
Will and Jada Pinkett Smith 's 11-year-old daughter , Willow , was recently given a tongue-lashing on social media after posting a picture of herself sporting a tongue piercing on Instagram . asapniceee : "  She is too young for such a provocative piercing . Why would her parents let her pierce her tongue ? " tiffaneybabeyy : "  At your age , Willow , I do n't think a piercing should be on you , especially there . " mariajx91 : "  Maybe you should stop rushing to grow up Willow . It looks trashy . You 're 11 , and that does n't look good at any age to be honest . Hope it 's fake . " Though she later revealed that it was in fact a fake , magnetic tongue ring , people were already whipping their opinions back and forth about whether young people are too vulnerable to make permanent  or potentially scarring  decisions about their bodies . The issue : What is classified as "  too young " ? While the battle over body modification typically occurs between parents and their children , state legislatures have entered the conversation as well . A tattoo artist 's take on summertime body art In June , Jerry Garrison , a Florida grandfather , lost custody of his 10-year-old grandson after allowing him to get a tattoo of his initials on his right leg . A "  family tradition , " according to Garrison . Under Florida law , a person younger than 16 years old can not be tattooed except "  for medical or dental reasons , " and anyone age 16 to 18 can be tattooed only with the consent of a parent or guardian . That law was changed in January 2012 ; it had previously allowed tattooing under the age of 16 so long as the minor had parental consent . Most states allow tattoos and body piercings for children under the age of majority , which is 18 years old in most of the United States , with parental consent . Though , some have tightened restrictions . In Idaho , "  No person shall knowingly tattoo , brand or perform body piercing on any minor under the age of fourteen  14  years . " In South Carolina , anyone under the age of 21 is prohibited from being tattooed . If a person is 18 , a parent can give consent , but anyone under 18 is prohibited from ink of any type . And in Minnesota , it is unlawful for anyone under age 18 to receive a tattoo without written parental consent . Child development experts contacted by CNN agree with this age of majority for permanent body modification in young adults , but also assert age is but a number ; maturity level is a much better parameter to go by . Psychiatrist Daniel Bober , an assistant clinical professor in the Child Study Center at Yale University , says it helps to look at a child 's functioning in other areas of their life , such as school and peer relationships . "  The brain of a young person is still developing and they are less risk averse , more impulsive , and more likely to engage in risky behaviors , " says Bober . Inking for Jesus : Dozens of church members take Lenten tattoo challenge "  This is because the last part of the brain to develop is the part that tells them to ` put the brakes on ' before they do something potentially harmful and dangerous . " It 's also permanent , adds Victoria Pitts-Taylor , a professor of sociology at the City University of New York and author of "  In the Flesh : the Cultural Politics of Body Modification . " "  Tattoos , for example , have some style credibility because they reflect a willingness to ` trade in skin . ' They are thus a Catch-22 for young people , " says Pitts-Taylor . "  The aesthetic commitment they require probably extends too far into a young person 's future -- how will they know they will be the sort of person to like it when they are 30 , 40 or 50 ? But that risk is exactly what makes them appealing . " Hillary Kevilus recognizes that aesthetic commitment now , but it was a different story when she got her first tattoo at the age of 15 . "  I had just broken up with my boyfriend , ` the love of my life , ' and it 's a heart with a dagger through it on my right calf . It 's huge and it 's a horrible reminder of a painful childhood and bad teenage decisions , " Kevilus shares on CNN 's Facebook page . John A. Haynes , however , says those reminders are exactly why he does n't regret his decision to get his first tattoo at age 17 . "  I do n't regret my tattoos . Each one reminds me of where I was at certain stages off my life , and my mindset . It 's like keeping a scrapbook , only on my body and not collecting dust on a shelf somewhere taking up space , " he says via Facebook . Piercing ears is socially acceptable in America , especially for girls , in contrast to earlobe stretching or tongue rings , like Smith 's , that are far less common . In some Spanish and Latino cultures , it 's customary to pierce a baby girl 's ears shortly after they 're born . "  Children 's bodies are especially susceptible to this kind of social policing . We allow them to modify their bodies to some degree so long as they do not step outside the norm ; we see it as our jobs to bring them up as social ideals , " she says . Pitts-Taylor says the double standard ultimately adds to the appeal for minors . "  Children are very good at detecting this kind of hypocrisy . " Tattoos : A journey of HIV acceptance Dr. Timothy M. Jochen , of Contour Dermatology & Cosmetic Surgery Center in Southern California , says he sees tattoo removal patients as early as their twenties now . The three main motivators are relationships , work and motherhood . Cassandra Martins got her first -- and only -- tattoo when she was 15 with her mother 's consent , and already began to regret it a few years later when she entered college . She has since undergone laser tattoo removal . "  Nobody under 18 knows what he or she wants forever . I cringe when I hear young people talk about inking themselves . I do n't  think  the concept of ` permanent ' or ` forever ' resonates well with the young , " she says . "  I do n't see laser tattoo removal as a body-changing procedure ; I see it as restoring a person , " says Jochen . Unless it is a quality-of-life procedure like gastric bypass , he , like Bober and Pitts-Taylor , also thinks it 's best for young adults to wait to have any body-changing procedures until they 're of legal age . It 's ultimately not what the young people are doing , but why . "  It is important for young people to develop what is on the inside and then what other people see will not matter as much , " says Bober . "  At the end of the day , you have to feel good about who you are and often a cosmetic change will not fix what is underneath . " Would you let your child get a body piercing or tattoo if they were not yet 18 ? Did you get a tattoo at a young age ? Share your thoughts in the comments . Seventeen vows it wo n't alter images in its pages On YouTube , teens ask the world : Am I ugly ?	Willow Smith , daughter of movie star Will Smith , sported a fake tongue ring in a photo online Social media was abuzz with complaints that Willow is too young for piercings Age of consent for body modification such as piercings and tattoos varies by state Psychologists say kids younger than 18 are often not emotionally mature enough for tattoos
CNN  -- It 's 22 minutes into Marilyn Manson 's smart , sarcastic , sprawling response to CNN 's opening interview question about his new album , "  Born Villain "  out May 1  , and he is just about wrapping up the explanation of its origin . Let 's just say that Manson -- one of the most vilified entertainers in history , who has been accused of everything from causing the Columbine school massacre to being the devil incarnate -- has a lot to say on the subject . "  Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you 're born a sinner and you do n't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called ` Antichrist Superstar , ' " he explained . "  In any story , the villain is the catalyst . The hero 's not a person who will bend the rules or show the cracks in his armor . He 's one-dimensional intentionally , but the villain is the person who owns up to what he is and stands by it . He 'll do the things that are sometimes morally questionable , but he does it because it 's his nature to do it and it does n't fluctuate . It 's the fable of the frog and the scorpion , all those stories that just say , whatever you 're going to be , stick to it in confidence . Do n't waver or life will f *** you over . " After sluggish sales , tepid reviews and simultaneous accusations of being too shocking and not shocking enough , Manson said he "  fell into a confusing state where I did n't want to be who I was . I needed to be the person I 'm going to be , the person I should be . I had to accept that this is what I am . And it took me the humility to say I have to make a comeback . " "  On the last two records -LSB- "  Eat Me , Drink Me " and "  The High End of Low " -RSB- , I think I started to write songs to make people feel like I was feeling rather than to make them feel something . And I was feeling like s *** , so that was a really stupid thing to do , " he said . And though he does n't address it outright , that dark period coincides with Manson 's protracted breakup with ex-fiancÃ © e Evan Rachel Wood . "  Of course , I 'm a person , " he said . "  Anyone 's personal relationships will affect what they do , but when I listen to Bowie , I 'm not thinking about what he was going through in his personal life ; I just listen to it and am affected by it in whatever way . That 's what music should do . " "  Born Villain " is the eighth studio album by the inveterate provocateur , but Manson said he 's dropped any expectation of people knowing his oeuvre until this point . "  I went into recording this with the idea and common sense that people know who I am for many different reasons : Columbine , music , publicity , celebrity bulls *** . I had to realize that that does not equal who I am and simply had to make something that said this is what I am . " While writing for the album , he found recurring themes of guns and flowers emerging in his lyrics . "  I do n't know where all this came from essentially . Maybe it 's because my dad was in Vietnam , " he said , "  and there 's an iconic image of the flower being put into the rifle . " And , much like with his own stage name , Manson has a flair for combining seemingly incompatible references to yield something greater than the sum of their parts . He was inspired by Charles Baudelaire 's debauched poetry collection to create the track , "  The Flowers of Evil " and he named another song "  Pistol Whipped , " because "  a pistil is obviously the female part of the flower and I think that this record and everything on it is an implied threat . " Manson also drew upon other subversive works like Federico Fellini 's "  Never Bet the Devil Your Head , "  itself an allusion to an Edgar Allan Poe story  and "  Macbeth , "  both William Shakespeare 's and Roman Polanski 's  because "  there 's always witches around , " Manson cautions . "  Many , many witches . And I do n't mean women simply . But , mostly . " The song "  Overneath the Path of Misery " opens with a quivering recitation of the play 's famous soliloquy : "  And all our yesterdays have lighted fools "  The way to dusty death . Out , out , brief candle ! "  Life 's but a walking shadow , a poor player "  That struts and frets his hour upon the stage "  And then is heard no more : it is a tale "  Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , "  Signifying nothing . " "  That quote can be taken as , woe is me , my life is s *** , I give up , " Manson said . "  When Macbeth said it , it was a resignation . But I read it differently . I started thinking it was empowering . For me , it was a resurrection . " Indeed , "  Born Villain " is Manson 's return to form : A hard-rocking album , brimming with rich imagery , visceral blowback and the glamour-meets-gutter eroticism that his best work evokes . "  If you like it , that 's great , " he said . "  That 's what I want . But it 's not about my ego in that sense . Living in Hollywood , it 's easy to have someone flatter you . That does n't help me . In fact , it makes me furious that people reduce my intelligence to think that simply complimenting me , for example , on what I said in "  Bowling for Columbine " makes me more intelligent than they thought I was . I have to restrain myself and realize that they 're not trying to insult me , but it insults me that I need to do something that 's more powerful than a simple quote in a movie that I did n't create . " "  I appreciate the window it opened up , " he continued , "  but I do n't think it 's a great movie because it did n't answer a lot of questions in a period of my life and an event that affected my life so much . I have 36 school shootings under my belt -- I did n't do the shooting part -- but I had to realize that I ca n't be lazy or ignorant enough to think that just because I went through all this , people should be expected to like what I make . " In fact , Manson said he did n't record this album with the approval of his fans or critics in mind at all . Rather , he said his biggest goal was to prove to his close friends and family that they were right for believing in him . "  People like you for reasons . There 's no reason to change what you are , but if you 're not being you , then you need to acknowledge that . And it did n't take psychology or sobriety or anything that rhymes with a Y at the end for me to realize it . " So , what did cause the shift ? "  I just applied what I do when I go to a dinner party , " he said . "  I 'm completely the person you think would be the most offensive , but I end up being the person that a lot of people listen to . I like to make people think differently than they did before I walked in the room . " While getting here may not have been easy for him , Manson said he will remember recording "  Born Villain " more than any of his other albums both because he enjoyed the process and is proud of the result . "  I 'm supposed to do this interview with you and say , ` Oh I love my new f *** ing record . It 's great , it 's better than all the other ones . ' It 's not . I know it is , but I 'm not saying that it 's better than the other ones , " Manson said . "  I 'm saying that I 'm better than I was and that 's the whole thing . " "  If I were to go on Match.com and I was doing some sort of , oh , would you like to know me ? situation , this record would represent me , " he mused . "  Now , would I get eights from it ? I do n't know . But this is me and I 'm not doubting that for a second . I think the most attractive thing in life is seeing someone that 's confident just peacocking . " And what better way to celebrate that than to include a cheeky rendition of Carly Simon 's "  You 're So Vain " as a bonus track on the album ? The song features Manson 's pal -- and fellow musician -- Johnny Depp on drums and guitar . "  We started jamming -- I do n't even like to use that word because I think it sounds too musical and I consider myself to be more of a problem-maker than a musician . We ended up thinking , what could we do that would be really amusing to both of us because of what people think about us ? ` You 're So Vain ' really says it all . "	Marilyn Manson 's new album "  Born Villain " comes out on May 1 "  In any story , the villain is the catalyst , " Manson says "  Born Villain " is the eighth studio album by the inveterate provocateur
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- The bloated Souris River has crested at an historic high in Minot , North Dakota , but floodwaters likely will remain at or near their current level for several days , authorities said Sunday . "  At this point , the river has had its crest so far in Minot , but a number of locations downstream still have some high water yet to come , " said Richard Kinney , a forecaster with the National Weather Service in Bismarck . North Dakota . A crest is defined as the high point of the water during a flood before it begins to recede . A boil-water order , issued as a precaution on Saturday , remains in effect . And experts caution that although the water rose quickly -- flooding up to 4,000 homes to some degree -- it will be slow to recede . "  We did have a couple of close calls at the temporary dikes last night , " Minot Mayor Curt Zimbelman told reporters Sunday . "  Both those areas have been repaired . " He reminded residents not to enter the evacuation zone . The river at Minot crested at 1,561.72 feet above sea level Sunday morning , said Kinney -- below earlier predictions but still almost 4 feet above an 1881 record . Water levels had fallen to 1,561.48 feet by Sunday night , Kinney said . Many residents of Minot , who evacuated ahead of the rising water , approached the water 's edge on Sunday , hoping to catch a glimpse of their homes , said CNN 's Jim Spellman . Most often , they are disappointed at the devastation they see , he said . Spellman said when he toured the hardest-hit area by boat , several residents gave him their addresses and asked him to check on their homes . Everyone was hoping their home might be the one that was spared , he said , but he had to bring back bad news . "  It 's a somber feeling , sitting here , " said resident Steve Knab . He recalled "  listening to the sirens go off , and they evacuated us , and coming back the next day and seeing this ... it 's disheartening . " But , he said , "  we 'll get there . We 're healthy . " These personal struggles come as local , state and federal authorities rush to minimize the damage to property and maximize security and safety of residents . Three recovery centers will open on Monday -- two in Minot and one in Bismarck , Gov. Jack Dalrymple told reporters . Residents can visit the location to find out about assistance programs and "  meet with someone who is able to answer your questions directly , " he said . But , he noted , it is not necessary for residents to visit the centers to register for disaster assistance , which can be done by telephone or online . He said he had toured the area , and it was "  sobering , to say the least . " A task force is being set up to immediately begin working on returning children to schools , whether those schools are restored or relocated . Evacuee Robin Taylor said residents have been helping one another . When her family had to evacuate in a hurry , neighbors on both sides pitched in , she said . Jim Sarroll has lived in Minot his entire life . He has sandbagged his home , located just outside the evacuation zone , with the help of neighbors , and said Sunday it is dry for now . He is , however , very concerned about the water . "  I flushed my toilet this morning , and the water was red , " he said . Still , he said he is able to see the positives when neighbors , relatives and friends bond to get through a disaster the best they can . The Souris flows through the center of Minot , a city of about 36,000 . About a third of the city 's population is under evacuation orders . About 900 National Guard soldiers and about 100 airmen from Minot Air Force Base are assisting in the Minot area , authorities said . Minot officials told residents Saturday that tap water should be boiled for at least a minute before consuming in order to kill any dangerous organisms . The focal point in Minot continues to be the Broadway Bridge , a critical north-south route through town . Officials have been working round-the-clock to prevent the river from inundating nearby routes , all part of larger efforts aimed at preventing Minot from effectively being split in half by the flooding . "  It 's really important that  Broadway  bridge stays open , " said Cecily Fong , spokeswoman for the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services . Republican Rep. Rick Berg said he had been in touch with officials in Washington -- which has authorized FEMA to grant assistance -- and expressed optimism that the government will work well with residents to overcome the challenges . "  You 're seeing people at the highest levels working together , putting politics behind them , " said North Dakota 's lone congressman . Berg , though , cautioned that the "  marathon " was far from over . For instance , water levels near the Broadway Bridge were still expected to remain around 1,561 feet through Tuesday -- with a slow drop over the coming week . And the worst is yet to come for other North Dakota cities and towns . In Sawyer , "  we 'll be approaching peak levels over next 24 hours , " meteorologist Patrick Ayd of the National Weather Service in Bismarck said early Sunday morning . Water levels in Velva are expected to peak Monday or Tuesday . The situation prompted the evacuation Saturday of Sawyer 's 350 residents as water from the Souris River began to slosh up a main street through town , according to the U.S. Corps of Engineers . Ken and Janelle Herslip 's house -- less than a mile from the Souris -- was one of those flooded on Sunday . Even though a crew of more than three dozen friends and family helped them evacuate on Monday -- scouring the house for everything that was n't attached to the walls -- Ken Herslip said Saturday his wife was still devastated . "  We 've had many homes over our life , and she finally got the house of her dreams , " he said . "  She is absolutely devastated , bawling all the time . " Herslip , who built the house , is n't so busted up . No one was hurt , and they can build again , he said . Still , he said , "  it will never be the same . " CNN 's Alexandra Steele , Mike Pearson , Holly Yan , Phil Gast and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : River levels at Minot begin their slow retreat , a NWS forecaster says "  It 's disheartening , " says resident Steve Knab 3,000 to 4,000 homes have been affected by floodwater in Minot The Souris River has topped its record crest from 1881
CNN  -- Most fans picturing rapper 50 Cent operating a joystick would probably envision the hip-hop star blasting away opponents in his latest video game release , "  Blood on the Sand . " Rapper 50 Cent performs at the Spike TV Video Game Awards in December . Those same fans might be surprised to learn the hardcore rapper also has a soft spot for old-school throwbacks like "  Tetris , " "  Pac-Man " and the venerable "  Super Mario Brothers . " 50 Cent plays "  Super Mario Brothers " ? Really ? "  Yeah , " said the rapper , as well known for surviving nine bullet wounds as he is for his platinum-selling albums . "  When I went to perform at the Spike TV Video Game Awards , I got a chance to see how they had the older games now on Wii . So I went and got the Wii system so I can play ` Mario Brothers . ' " Leaping , overall-wearing characters aside , 50 Cent knows what gamers like -- and that came in handy during the development of "  Blood on the Sand . " The new THQ-released game , available for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 , features 50 Cent in his trademark bulletproof vest doing battle in the Middle East after he and some members of his group , the G-Unit , are cheated out of their concert fee . The action ramps up after the concert promoter , unable to pay , presents the group with a diamond-encrusted skull that is later stolen . Plenty of bullets fly and the body count mounts as "  Blood on the Sand " lives up to its name . All that violence is n't surprising given the hardcore nature of 50 Cent 's music , for which he has often been criticized . So why endorse and lend his image to a violent video game , he 's asked , given the heat he 's already taken for similar themes in his music ? "  The violence in the music is the harsh reality , " he responds . "  I guess they ignore the newspaper for the people who say that that 's violent . I guess they would like to avoid it or do n't want it to have such a strong voice with the position I have earned in pop culture and entertainment . " In reviewing "  Blood on the Sand " for GamePro.com , writer Will Herring points out that while violent , the game is also campy fun . "  Now , if there was any inkling that I was supposed to take ` Blood on the Sand ' the least bit seriously , I might venture to call the game a bit shallow , " Herring writes . "  But with the wanton firefights and explosive Michael Bay-esque action all remaining firmly tongue in cheek , you ca n't help but laugh and enjoy the ridiculous ride . " 50 Cent says he was involved in the development of "  Blood on the Sand , " but let the experts do the heavy lifting . "  I was smart enough to allow the computer programmers to design the actual game without injecting so much input that I lost what would be the highest technology for the game , " he said . "  I made a few slight changes based on the things that influenced me . " Some of those suggestions , he said , grew out of his experience performing for the troops in Iraq as well as his viewing of the film "  Blood Diamond , " which starred Leonardo DiCaprio . Video games are just a small portion of the rapper 's ever-growing empire . He 's dabbled in all types of media , including books , movies and the Web , and has benefited from high-profile partnerships with companies like Glaceau , the makers of Vitaminwater . He said he 's finding inspiration for new projects close to home : he 's optioned the rights to turn the THQ video game "  Saints Row " into a movie . "  Blood on the Sand " is n't 50 Cent 's first foray into the world of gaming . A previous 50 Cent game , "  Bulletproof , " came out in 2005 . The rapper has tied music and video games together by including some game-only tracks with "  Blood on the Sand . " He 's determined to keep mixing things up . His last album , 2007 's "  Curtis , " featured collaborations with an array of other artists including Justin Timberlake , Robin Thicke , Mary J. Blige and Akon . Though much was made at the time of a sales battle between 50 Cent and Kanye West -- whose "  Graduation " was originally scheduled to be released on the same day and sold more copies than "  Curtis " -- 50 now says that he was happy with the performance of the album , which peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart . Still , he adds , he 's not convinced the audience totally grasped what he was attempting to do . "  The ` Curtis ' album was an artist album for me , " he says . "  It was me reaching out to the other artists to creatively offer a different perspective . We had to find a common ground in order to do that effectively . " He said there are sometimes tracks that do n't fit in with the vision of an album . That material is what he tapped into for some of the unreleased tracks on the new video game . In the future , he says he would like to be involved in the development and marketing of a game in which he does n't star . But his love of video games stretches back to his childhood . Having lots of time on the road has enabled him to reconnect with the fun , he said . "  Since I have been touring , video gaming has become more of an entertainment for me , " 50 Cent said , adding that he has both the PS3 and the Xbox360 with him on tour , one for each end of the bus . "  Blood on the Sand " is rated "  M " for mature for the violence and language , but at least one young person has already mastered it -- 50 Cent 's son , Marquise . "  He came in and already knows how to beat me in this game , " 50 Cent said . "  He just came in like he was a pro , whupping me in my game . "	Hip-hop artist 50 Cent lends his image and ideas to new video game "  Blood on the Sand " features former 50 Cent hits and exclusive music Players can pretend to be 50 while blasting bad guys in the Middle East Rapper says he plans to turn "  Saints Row " video game into a movie
If at first you do n't succeed , discuss . A day after Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed a "  religious freedom " bill that critics say would have allowed businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians , a supporter of the bill said that community appeared to need no special protection , thank you very much . "  Where are the examples of gays being discriminated against ? " Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League , asked CNN 's Chris Cuomo , in an interview on "  New Day " that became a spirited discussion of marriage . "  If they 're so discriminated against , how come they make more money than straight people , on average ? " In fact , at least one survey has shown that gays and lesbians tend to earn more , save more , owe less and better prepare for retirement . Cuomo reversed the question to ask why people of faith would need special protection . He noted that proponents of the law had been unable to cite a single example of a business in Arizona that was forced to do something that would have violated the religious beliefs of its owner . "  You did n't need the law , " Cuomo said . Referring to a court case that required a photo service in New Mexico to document a same-sex wedding ceremony , the anchor asked how the Catholic photographer could have found that job to be a substantial burden to his faith . Donohue contended it was . "  I think , if people say , ` Listen , I do n't want to sanction polygamy or gay marriage or anything other than traditional marriage , ' I think we need to respect that , " he said . "  And if you do n't like it , you can shop around . It 's not hard for gays to find somebody to take a picture of them . " People of faith , he said , feel that their rights "  are being whittled away in the name of gay rights . " "  You need love " Donohue then moved on from the Arizona law to take aim at same-sex marriage in general . "  It basically says that there is no profound difference , socially speaking , between a man and woman -- the only union that can create a family . " Cuomo noted that some people marry not to have children but because they seek life-long companionship and commitment . "  You do n't have to be married to propagate , " he noted . "  And you do n't have to have kids to be married . " Why should heterosexual marriage be considered any different than gay marriage , he asked . Citing his education as a sociologist , Donohue had a ready answer : because heterosexual marriage is in the best interest of society . "  Kids do best in an intact family , " he said . "  The evidence is overwhelming : you need a father and a mother . " "  You need love , " responded Cuomo . "  And you need people to care for you -- gay or straight . " That rationale -- that love is all that 's needed as a condition for marriage -- could lead to a brother and sister tying the knot , Donohue said . "  That 's where we 're going with this thing -- polygamists , also . " Donohue said gays and lesbians have individual rights , but contended that "  the institution of marriage is best set when we have kids raised by a father and a mother . " He then went a step further : "  Maybe Tom , Dick and Harry want to get married . What are you going to say about that ? " Donohue acknowledged that he could offer no evidence that children of gay or lesbian couples have outcomes any different from those of heterosexual parents , but said that was because the research had not been completed . "  Why would we want a social experiment with an institution that has served us well for over 2,000 years ? " he asked . "  The gold standard is a father and a mother creating a family . That 's what was ordained by nature , and nature 's God . " Not true , said Cuomo , noting that the putative gold standard has been tarnished by a divorce rate of about 50 % , broken homes and latchkey kids . And nature ordaining marriage ? Most mammals do not couple for life , he noted . Donohue clung to his assertion . "  Have you noticed anatomically there 's a goodness of fit between a man and a woman ? " he asked . Cuomo stood fast . "  Nobody 's arguing that this is how you procreate , but marriage is about love and commitment and the right to it is about equality -- and you know that . " Donohue : Marriage based on duty and commitment "  Marriage is about family -- it 's not about love , " Donohue said . "  Two sisters can love each other . " "  Marriage is not about love ? " an incredulous Cuomo asked . "  Are you married ? " Donohue , who has been widely reported to be a divorced father of two adult children , did not address that question , but moved on . "  Marriage has always been based , historically , on duty and on commitment , " he said . "  The duty , the commitment grow out of love , " responded Cuomo . "  If they love each other , that 's great , " said Donohue . "  It ca n't be the condition -- otherwise , you can sanction all kinds of things . " The two men then returned to the topic that started their discussion . "  In Arizona , there was no legal force making business owners do business with gay people if they do n't want to , " Cuomo said . "  So the law , fundamentally , was unnecessary . The governor said it ; that 's why she vetoed it . The bigger proposition is why do you want to discriminate against gays ? " Donohue said he did not want to discriminate against gays as individuals , only as part of married couples . "  But that 's the same thing , " said Cuomo . "  Because their right as an individual is to marry . You do not own marriage . It was not developed by Christians . It is a civil institution , secular . If they are equal , they have equal rights . " Donohue ceded no ground , saying he had plenty of allies . "  I have Christianity , I have Judaism , I have the Muslims , I have Mormons , I have most of the world who regard this idea as being bizarre that two men should get married . " Cuomo then drew a distinction between the Arizona law and Pope Francis , the leader of the Catholic Church , who has refused to judge gays . "  He 's saying forgive and he 's saying include . That 's not what that law was about , and that 's not what you 're saying . " "  I do believe that people ought to love gays as we would straights , " Donahue said . "  I 'm all in favor of that , and discrimination against gays is wrong . " "  I 'm making a distinction between individuals , " Donahue added . "  You 're bleeding the individual into the institution . I think , sociologically , that 's not correct . "	"  Have you noticed , anatomically , there 's a goodness of fit between a man and a woman ? " asks Donohue "  You need people to care for you -- gay or straight , " says Cuomo "  Marriage is about family -- it 's not about love , " says the Catholic League leader
RollingStone.com  -- It 's been a rough year for Morrissey , as the laconic singer has endured everything from tour-canceling illnesses to possibly being dropped from his new label to bizarre allegations of a murder-for-hire plot . However , in a new interview with El Mundo , the former Smiths singer reveals he 's dealing with some health issues that make all those other troubles seem insignificant . According to Morrissey , he 's had a cancer scare , although in talking about the disease , the singer does n't seem that scared at all . Morrissey talks about his health , sex appeal "  They have scraped cancerous tissues four times already , but whatever , " Morrissey told the Spanish-language El Mundo  via a translation by the Guardian  . "  If I die , then I die . And if I do n't , then I do n't . Right now I feel good . I am aware that in some of my recent photos I look somewhat unhealthy , but that 's what illness can do . I 'm not going to worry about that . I 'll rest when I 'm dead . " Over the past few years , Morrissey has canceled tour dates for reasons like food poisoning , bleeding ulcers , pneumonia and a sickness he blamed on his opening act , but this is the first time the usually candid rocker has uttered the C-word aloud . In early 2013 , Morrissey spent some time in a Michigan hospital after suffering from "  a concussion , a bleeding ulcer and Barrett 's esophagus . " Morrissey denies former bodyguard 's allegations After canceling six U.S. shows following his hospital stay , the singer penned a grim letter to fans where he discussed his own mortality . "  The reports of my death have been greatly understated , " Morrissey wrote . "  The positive from all of this is that there are now no known ailments left for me to try . " The singer also joked about an upcoming Las Vegas concert , writing , "  If there 's an audience of any kind in attendance , I just might die with a smile on my face , after all . If I am not there , I shall probably never again be anywhere . Equally , I am determined to play Flint -LSB- Michigan -RSB- if it kills me  which , on the face of it , it almost has  . " He concluded the letter by signing off , "  pause at my headstone , MORRISSEY . " Morrissey partners spar over cancellation In a recent interview where Morrissey talked about his many health issues , he proclaimed that , "  The worst was in June in Boston , when I was hospitalized with acute fever . I was delirious for six hours , talking absolute nonsense and unable to stop . I 've never been so frightened in my life . Then , of course , you get these bitchy comments for having to cancel shows ... . I 've been to so many hospitals lately that there 's hardly any point in my leaving . " At press time , Morrissey has n't updated his fan sites about the cancer reports . Whatever the diagnosis , Morrissey is back out on the road , and NME reports that the singer 's backing band is proudly donning shirts that say "  F *** Harvest " as a nod to his record label after the label released Moz 's new LP "  World Peace Is None of Your Business . " See the original story at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Morrissey : "  If I die , then I die " Singer says doctors have scraped cancerous tissues from him He 's had many health issues recently
London  CNN  -- Pierre Omidyar , founder of online auction site eBay , said Wednesday he is teaming up with journalist Glenn Greenwald , who has led reporting on secret U.S. surveillance programs , to create a new online mass media venture . Greenwald announced late Tuesday that he was quitting The Guardian for "  a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity " but said he was not ready to give more details . Now Omidyar has confirmed to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he is behind the new media venture , which includes Greenwald and others -- and that he will personally fund it . Greenwald has been at the forefront of a series of high-profile reports based on leaks from former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . Journalist Jeremy Scahill and documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras will also be joining the venture , Omidyar said . Greenwald has been working with Poitras , based in Berlin , on NSA-related stories . Scahill is the author of the New York Times best-seller "  Blackwater : The Rise of the World 's Most Powerful Mercenary Army . " NSA leaker Snowden deserves a Nobel Prize , his father says Greenwald , who lives in Brazil , said Tuesday that it had not been easy to leave The Guardian , but that he could not turn down the "  momentous new venture . " "  My partnership with the Guardian has been extremely fruitful and fulfilling : I have high regard for the editors and journalists with whom I worked and am incredibly proud of what we achieved , " he said . "  The decision to leave was not an easy one , but I was presented with a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity that no journalist could possibly decline . " Former CIA analyst : Edward Snowden is ` at peace with his decisions ' The Guardian 's Jennifer Lindauer said Greenwald was a "  remarkable journalist " and that it had been "  fantastic " to work with him . "  Our work together over the last year has demonstrated the crucial role that responsible investigative journalism can play in holding those in power to account , " she said . "  We are of course disappointed by Glenn 's decision to move on , but can appreciate the attraction of the new role he has been offered . We wish him all the best . " U.K. government and press collide in bullying of reporter 's partner ` Enormous damage ' The Guardian has come under fire in recent days from figures in the UK intelligence community who suggest its reporting has undermined efforts to keep the country safe in the face of terror threats . Both Greenwald and The Guardian have accused UK authorities of using heavy-handed tactics to try to silence legitimate reporting . Greenwald 's partner , David Miranda , was detained for hours by UK authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport in mid-August , as he was changing planes en route to the couple 's Rio de Janeiro home . Items including a laptop , a hard drive and USB memory sticks were confiscated from him and are the subject of a legal challenge . Greenwald said the episode was designed to deter him and other investigative journalists from using classified information and digging into stories critical of the British and allied governments -- but vowed to continue regardless . Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger described meetings with UK government officials who demanded the newspaper hand over the Snowden material or destroy it . Who is Edward Snowden ? The files leaked by Snowden contain at least 58,000 highly classified UK intelligence documents , authorities have said . A week ago , the head of Britain 's MI5 security service , Andrew Parker , used his first public speech to say that reporting on the work of Britain 's intelligence agency , Government Communications Headquarters , risks handing over vital information to terrorists . "  It causes enormous damage to make public the reach and limits of GCHQ techniques , " he said . "  Such information hands the advantage to the terrorists . It is the gift they need to evade us and strike at will . Unfashionable as it might seem , that is why we must keep secrets secret , and why not doing so causes such harm . " Miranda afraid during questioning Parker did not name The Guardian or Snowden in his comments but said that the information gleaned about terrorists and "  the detail of the capabilities we use against them " was what gave intelligence services their "  margin of advantage " -- a margin , he said , that is now "  under attack . " A former head of GCHQ and adviser to 10 Downing Street , Sir David Omand , also last week said in an interview with The Times of London that leaks by Snowden of intelligence documents represent "  the most catastrophic loss to British intelligence ever . " However , in an editorial for The Guardian published Monday , a former director of UK public prosecutions , Ken Macdonald , argued that Parker had used "  foolish self-serving rhetoric " to argue against greater transparency by security agencies . Reporting based on Snowden 's leaks has also caused diplomatic tensions for the United States with both Brazil and Mexico . Data seized from Greenwald 's partner risks security , UK says Glenn Greenwald 's partner David Miranda wins partial court victory CNN 's Mick Krever and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Jeremy Scahill and Laura Poitras are also part of new venture , Omidyar says Pierre Omidyar of eBay says he is teaming up with journalist Glenn Greenwald Greenwald says he is pursuing "  a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity " The Guardian has come under fire in Britain over its reporting on intelligence matters
Entertainment Weekly  -- In the first truly shocking box office result of the year , "  Fast & Furious " sped away from expectations to gross a humongous $ 72.5 million , according to early estimates from Media by Numbers . Paul Walker stars in "  Fast & Furious , " which exceeded expectations after taking in $ 72.5 million . That result is effectively double what most industry observers had predicted for the debut of the fourth feature in Vin Diesel 's car franchise , and it left in the dust a number of notable records : - Best April opening ever , beating "  Anger Management 's " $ 42.2 million . - Best Universal Pictures opening ever  three-day  , beating "  The Lost World : Jurassic Park 's " $ 72.1 million . - Best F&F franchise opening ever , beating "  2 Fast 2 Furious ' " $ 50.5 million . - Best opening yet in 2009 , easily beating the bows of the more-buzzed-about "  Monsters vs. Aliens "  $ 59.3 million  and "  Watchmen "  $ 55.2 million  . - Best opening ever for stars Diesel , Paul Walker , Michelle Rodriguez , and Jordana Brewster , as well as for director Justin Lin . Oh , and let 's not forget that it was the best opening ever for a car-themed movie !  Beating "  Cars ' " $ 60.1 million .  This outcome is impressive , indeed , something that has caught Hollywood by surprise and has the potential to really change things up -- like when summer-esque blockbusters are released  rarely does one open so early in the year  and like , you know , what everyone thinks of Vin Diesel . The film did it all on the strength of a solid A - CinemaScore review from an audience that was 57 percent male and 59 percent over age 25 . Like the jaw-dropping early-year debuts of "  The Passion of the Christ " and "  300 " before it , this is a history-making premiere that you may well be hearing about for a long time to come . So , yeah , I almost forgot to mention : "  Fast & Furious " was the No. 1 movie at the box office this weekend . Coming in strong at No. 2 was "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " which dropped a respectable 44 percent to earn $ 33.5 million . In 10 days , the 3-D extravaganza has banked $ 105.7 million . "  The Haunting in Connecticut "  No. 3 with $ 9.6 million  , "  Knowing "  No. 4 with $ 8.1 million  , and "  I Love You , Man "  No. 5 with $ 7.9 million  rounded out the top five . And the weekend 's other big new release , "  Adventureland , " struggled with $ 6 million at No. 6 . Overall , the box office was up a monstrous 68 percent from the same frame a year ago , when holdover 21 outplayed a number of weak new movies , none of which had Vin Diesel ... whom you 're going to start hearing a lot about , once again . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Fast & Furious " is best April opening ever , and best opening ever for Universal Also the best Fast & Furious franchise opening ever , previously $ 50.5 million Box office was up a monstrous 68 percent from the same frame a year ago Check out the box office top 10 chart
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea said Wednesday that it had put a satellite in orbit for the first time , giving a lift to its homegrown space industry and matching a feat achieved last month by its hostile neighbor , North Korea . Amid a billowing plume of smoke , the Naro-1 rocket blasted off from a launch site perched on the edge of an island near the country 's southern coast . South Korean television footage showed it ascending into the clear blue sky . South Korean officials : North Korean rocket could hit U.S. mainland Officials and technicians watched the launch intently to see if it would succeed in delivering its payload into orbit . A crowd of onlookers near the site applauded and waved national flags . About an hour after takeoff , Science Minister Lee Ju-ho declared the launch a success . North Korea on Google Maps : Monuments , nuclear complex , gulags The pressure on the South Korean rocket scientists to get the satellite into space increased after North Korea carried out its own successful launch last month in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions . Only weeks before that , the South was forced to suspend its previous attempt to launch the Naro-1 rocket after finding problems with the electronic signal just minutes before it was due to take off . The country 's previous launch attempts in 2009 and 2010 had failed . After threats against U.S. , North Korea turns ire to South Wednesday 's successful effort comes at a delicate time on the Korean peninsula : North Korea said last week that it plans to conduct a new nuclear test and carry out more rocket launches after the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the secretive regime . Pyongyang did n't say when it intends to carry out the nuclear test , which follows previous underground detonations in 2006 and 2009 . Although the North 's rocket launch last month managed to put an object in space , it was widely considered to be a test of long-range ballistic missile technology . It 's unclear whether that satellite is functional . North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. Saber-rattling statements In its saber-rattling statements last month , North Korea said its missile and nuclear programs were part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . It also threatened "  physical counter-measures " against South Korea if it participates in the imposition of the new sanctions . South Korean authorities say their latest attempted satellite launch is a crucial step for the development of the country 's civilian space program . The satellite carried by the launch vehicle is mainly intended for gathering climate data and other atmospheric information , they say . Is Asia on cusp of space race ? Analysts have said the South Korean launch is different from that of the North because it is more transparent , clearly focused on civilian applications and does n't contravene U.N. sanctions . The development of the South Korean rocket program , using Russian technology for the first-stage launcher , began in 2002 . Seoul is aiming to develop its own thruster by 2021 through a program estimated to cost 1.5 trillion won  about $ 1.4 billion  . The successful launch puts South Korea among the small group of nations that have sent a rocket into space from their own soil . Others include the United States , Russia , China , Japan , France , India , Israel , Iran and North Korea . South Korea already has a number of satellites in space , but they were launched in other countries using foreign rocket technology . Opinion : Rescind North Korea 's license to provoke CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : South Korea was forced to suspend its previous attempt weeks earlier Other launch attempts in 2009 and 2010 had failed North Korea successfully launched its own rocket last month , defying U.N. resolutions Seoul says it is trying to develop its own civilian space program
CNN  -- Houston prosecutors are asking a court to formally exonerate a Texas man after DNA tests ruled out his guilt in a rape for which he served 17 years in prison . George Rodriguez was freed in 2004 after an appeals court found that faulty scientific evidence had been used against him in his 1987 trial . Prosecutors did n't retry him , citing concerns about having the victim -- who had identified Rodriguez as one of her two attackers in a police lineup -- testify again . State officials had denied his request for a pardon , but Harris County District Attorney Patricia Lykos agreed to review his case after she took office in 2009 . New DNA tests on the forensic evidence in the case came back February 22 and conclusively ruled out Rodriguez , now 50 , Lykos said in a statement Wednesday afternoon . "  When this scientific inquiry began , there was no legal requirement or mandate for any further work to be done by our office , because the case had been dismissed , " Lykos said . "  Instead , we acted on the most important obligation of all -- to see that the truth emerges , and that justice is done . Today , we can state that an innocent man has been vindicated . " The Harris County District Attorney 's office will ask a judge to formally declare Rodriguez innocent at a Thursday hearing , she said . Lykos , a Republican , campaigned on promises to reform the prosecutor 's office in Texas ' largest city , and she has drawn praise from defense lawyers for creating a post-conviction review process to examine new evidence . The Innocence Project , which won Rodriguez 's release in 2004 , gave her an award in 2010 for that program . Another man , Manuel Beltran , is now serving a 60-year prison term in connection for rape . The DNA testing also confirmed that another man , now dead but long considered an alternative suspect , also assaulted the victim , who was 14 at the time .	George Rodriguez was released in 2004 but never formally cleared Prosecutors say DNA tests rule out his participation in the 1987 rape
CNN  "  Duck Dynasty " member Sadie Robertson left small-town Louisiana this week for New York Fashion Week -- and , she ca n't wait to do it again . Robertson , 17 , is the granddaughter of family patriarch Phil Robertson and daughter of Willie Robertson , current CEO of Duck Commander , the family business on which the show is based . She is also the latest reality TV personality to model designer Sherri Hill 's prom collection , following in the footsteps of Kylie and Kendall Jenner . "  I would love to continue to model . It just depends on what opportunities I get , " Robertson told People . "  Of course , I want to always stay true to who I am and make sure in everything I do God is getting the glory . If modeling is one of those things that keeps presenting itself to me , I would love to do it and continue to get more involved . " The high school student modeled for Hill in 2013 and partnered with her on a line of dresses , and was clearly eager to return to the runway . On social media , she could barely contain her excitement over participating in the show , thanking Hill for the opportunity . "  So extremely blessed to be a Sherri Hill model and -LSB- to -RSB- get to walk in New York Fashion Week . Praising God , " she said on Instagram . Robertson came in second on the most recent edition of "  Dancing with the Stars . "	Sadie Robertson , 17 , is the granddaughter of family patriarch Phil Robertson She wants to pursue modeling
CNN  -- A 27-year-old woman from eastern China has died of bird flu , Chinese authorities said , making her the second person to die this year from the deadly virus . Human-to-human transmission of avian flu is rare , but in some cases , the virus has passed from poultry to humans . The woman fell ill on January 5 in Shandong province on the country 's east coast and died on Saturday , the Ministry of Health said in a statement . Two tests on the woman were positive for H5N1 avian influenza , said the ministry , which did not say how she might have contracted the virus . On Saturday , the World Health Organization said a 2-year-old girl in northern China had tested positive for bird flu -- now the country 's third confirmed case of the virus this month . The girl fell ill on January 7 in central Hunan province and was taken to her home province of Shanxi in northern China , the state-run news agency Xinhua said . The report did not say how she became infected . On January 5 , a 19-year-old Beijing woman died of bird flu after handling poultry , officials said . Xinhua said the woman bought nine ducks at a market in Beijing 's neighboring Hebei province and cleaned their organs before falling ill . Since the end of 2003 , the H5N1 virus has infected numerous species of birds in more than 60 countries in Asia , Europe and Africa . It has not been found in birds in North or South America or the Caribbean , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . Human-to-human transmission of avian flu is rare , but in some cases the virus has passed from poultry to humans . It has killed more than 200 people since 2003 . China reported its first human-to-human infection case in 2005 . So far , 30 cases have been confirmed . Twenty of them have been fatal , according to Xinhua . On Friday , China announced it was setting up a nationwide network to test for the virus .	NEW : The woman became ill on January 5 and died on Saturday NEW : Two tests on the woman are positive for H5N1 avian influenza , officials say A 2-year-old girl in northern China is in critical condition with bird flu China reported its first human infection in 2005 ; 30 cases confirmed so far
It 's rare that a defendant is put on trial knowing that whether he wins or loses , chances are he 'll still spend his life in prison . That 's exactly the scenario Michael Dunn faces , as his second trial in the November 2012 killing of 17-year-old Jordan Davis approaches . Jury selection began Monday morning . The retrial will follow and is expected to last about two weeks . Before jury selection began , Davis ' parents , Ron Davis and Lucia McBath , were outside the Duval County Courthouse , along with Sybrina Fulton , the mother of Trayvon Martin , the unarmed teen killed by a neighborhood watch captain earlier the same year . "  This trial speaks to me because I am that family , " Fulton said . "  The family that 's missing a son . I 'm the family that 's a victim of senseless gun violence . That 's the purpose of me coming here , that 's just to stand with the family , to be with the family and to show the support . " About 40 people gathered demanding justice for Jordan Davis as well as other slain African-Americans , including Emmett Till , Rodney Mitchell and Karvas Gamble Jr. . Protesters carried signs that said "  Justice 4 Jordan " and "  Is it OK to murder me because I like loud music ? " A pastor led the group in prayer before Davis ' parents entered the courthouse . The gathering promptly dispersed , but not before McBath thanked the crowd for supporting her son . "  We just want to thank the country and thank you all for the wonderful support and prayers that you 've given us these last two years . We could not do this without you . We 're very grateful for every moment that we 've been on your minds and your hearts , " McBath said . She added , "  Whatever verdict we receive , we will be humble and abide by . But the verdict and the justice that we seek will always and will only come from God . " Defense attorney Waffa Hanania expressed concern to County Court Judge Russell Healey that the rally , which "  appears to be sanctioned by Mr. Davis ' family , " could influence potential jurors . Healey responded that there is "  only so much I can control , " but conceded that "  it 's not helpful to us getting a jury here in Jacksonville . " He said that the court would determine what potential jurors heard and saw when they 're questioned . The first trial Earlier this year , on what would 've been Davis ' 19th birthday , a Jacksonville , Florida , jury found Dunn guilty on four of five counts in the case . While Dunn said he shot into a Dodge Durango full of teenagers in self-defense , he was convicted on three counts of second-degree attempted murder -- one each for firing at Davis ' pals , Leland Brunson , Tommie Stornes and Tevin Thompson -- and one count of shooting into a vehicle . The attempted murder convictions alone carry a cumulative minimum sentence of 60 years in prison for the 47-year-old Florida man . Opinion : Why prosecutor is retrying ` loud music ' murder case The 12 jurors , however , deadlocked on the final and most serious charge : premeditated first-degree murder . Dunn claimed that after a heated argument over loud music at a Jacksonville gas station , Davis threatened him and Dunn thought he saw Davis produce a gun or lead pipe . Though Davis had a knife in his pocket , police recovered no weapons matching Dunn 's description , and his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer , testified that Dunn never mentioned seeing a weapon . Following the argument , Dunn pulled out a handgun and began firing . He continued firing even as Stornes , the driver , put the Durango in reverse and retreated , witnesses said . Dunn fired 10 shots at the SUV . Three of those bullets hit Davis , one piercing his liver , lung and aorta . ' ... they did n't call 911 ' After the shooting , neither Dunn nor Rouer called police . They drove 40 miles to a bed and breakfast in St. Augustine , and once there , defense attorney Cory Strolla said , Dunn took his dog for a walk and Rouer ordered a pizza and movie . "  They had cell phones , but they did n't call 911 . He did n't drive to a police substation , " Assistant State Attorney John Guy said during the first trial . "  That defendant put his head on his hotel pillow and went to sleep . " Asked why he never called police , Dunn said , "  It makes sense that I should have  contacted authorities  . We did n't . I ca n't tell you why . " In the morning , Rouer watched a news report about the shooting and the two then drove another 130 miles home to Satellite Beach where Dunn was apprehended . What happened in the hours after the shooting may play a role in the new murder trial , as prosecutors must prove that Dunn planned to kill Davis . In the first trial , prosecutors alleged that Dunn 's actions after the shooting were indicative of his intent , an assertion Dunn 's defense attorney denied . Davis ' father , Ron Davis , was certainly struck by Dunn 's actions after killing his son and expressed satisfaction in February that Dunn would face a lengthy prison bid . "  He is going to learn that he must be remorseful for the killing of my son , that it was not just another day at the office . My son will never be just another day at the office where  Dunn  can leave the scene and be stoic , " he told reporters . Awaiting sentencing Dunn has not yet been sentenced on the original counts . In addition to the 60-year minimum he faces on the attempted murder charges , he could spend another 15 years in prison on the count of shooting into a vehicle . While his new defense attorney , Hanania , has n't been speaking to media , Strolla has said his client would appeal the original verdict . That may explain why -- even though , pending appeals , Dunn could spend the rest of his life in prison -- prosecutors are preparing for another highly publicized trial on the murder charge . To hear prosecutor Angela Corey tell it , it 's about justice . "  Justice for Jordan Davis is as important as it is for any victim , " she said after the first trial in February . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said he can see how some people might think it defies logic to try the case again , but from Davis ' parents ' perspective , it makes all the sense in the world . "  If he winds up with 60 or 75 years in jail , from a pragmatic standpoint it does n't make a whole lot of sense to retry the case , " Callan said after the first trial . "  On the other hand if you 're the parents of Jordan Davis and you believe , as well you should , that your son 's reputation has been besmirched by this self-defense claim , the family  might  want a retrial , and that 's something that a prosecutor has to consider carefully . "	Jury selection begins in Michael Dunn 's retrial on murder charge Dunn charged with killing Jordan Davis , 17 , after argument over loud music Earlier this year , jury found Dunn guilty of three counts of attempted murder However , jury was hung on first-degree murder charge , so prosecutors will try again
CNN  -- Sepp Blatter once suggested women footballers should wear tighter shorts -- now his organization , FIFA , has been accused of blatant sexism in its selection of the person to lead an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The investigation and subsequent report by American lawyer Michael Garcia , head of FIFA 's investigative chamber of the ethics committee , has become emblematic of the world governing body 's reluctance to embrace a greater degree of transparency following criticism of the way FIFA is run . FIFA president Blatter does n't want the report published because he fears it will contravene FIFA 's privacy laws , though Garcia and others such as the head of European soccer UEFA president Michel Platini have indicated they 'd like it to be made public . Now three former members of the Independent Governance Committee  IGC  , the body tasked with working on reform proposals and drawing up a shortlist of candidates to lead the investigation into the bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , which were awarded to Russia and Qatar , have told CNN that FIFA officials insisted that a woman should not be nominated for the role Garcia eventually assumed . According to two of those former IGC members , Garcia , who recently delivered his long-awaited report , was not even on the original shortlist of candidates to lead the investigation . Alexandra Wrage , who left the IGC in April last year after becoming frustrated with the lack of progress being made , recalls the occasion in 2012 where she was left stunned by suggestions that the committee should not consider any female candidates for the lead investigator role . Sitting in the dining hall with two IGC colleagues during FIFA 's Congress in Budapest that year , she claims she was approached by two senior FIFA employees . "  I turned from the group to face them and one of the men told me , ` Stop putting women forward for these positions . ' He told me they would not be acceptable and that I was fighting the wrong battle , " Wrage said . "  I did n't really take in what he was saying and then it hit me . "  I said , ` Did you really just say that ? ' I was startled . They started to elaborate on their views and gave me more and more details . "  I was the only woman at the table and they were directing their views just at me . " Guillermo Jorge , a fellow member of the IGC was also present alongside Wrage when a discussion was had over the possibility of female nominations . He said the FIFA officials did not approach her and tell her to stop putting forth women , but confirmed to CNN that the two men said that it would be very unlikely that Exco would appoint a woman because FIFA is still very unbalanced in gender terms . When CNN then approached Mark Pieth -- who chaired the IGC until its final report in April 2014 to discuss the allegation -- he said : "  It is true that FIFA was not keen to elect women into these positions . " When CNN contacted FIFA with the allegation , a spokesperson reiterated the organization 's support of women . "  At the time the President has explained that the candidate would have the full support of the football world , " the spokesperson said . "  It is about acceptance . Unfortunately , a female may find it difficult to lead an investigation in certain parts of the world . "  That 's unfortunate but you have to look at what will be acceptable to the majority of people within football throughout the world . "  The investigator would be working at all levels of football in dealing with ethics . "  The President hopes that there will be more women in leading positions in football . "  There are already three women on the Exco  Executive Committee  and that shows FIFA 's commitment to women and their importance . " Last month , Blatter spoke of FIFA 's "  exemplary organization in ethics " while addressing the World Summit on Ethics in Sports . But FIFA is facing more questions , with the process through which Garcia was appointed as the lead investigator under scrutiny . How the former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York came to write the report is something of a conundrum , given he was not included on the original shortlist of candidates to lead the investigation . A FIFA spokesperson confirmed to CNN that when a shortlist of eight names -- which were compiled in order of ranking -- was submitted to football 's world governing body in May 2012 , Garcia 's name was absent . The names , which were submitted for the investigative and adjudicatory positions by the IGC before Wrage was approached in Budapest , included four men and four women -- all of whom worked in either the judicial or investigative sector . The choice of Garcia was met with surprise by those at the IGC given the nature of their recommendations , with chairman Pieth suggesting that the New York prosecutor was not his first choice . The credentials of Garcia , who worked in the last Bush administration , are impressive , but Pieth 's preference to lead the investigation was Argentine prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo , whose nomination was vetoed by the country 's president Cristina Fernandez de Kircher . The second-choice candidate was unable to take up the role because of illness and has since passed away , according to Pieth . According to a FIFA spokesperson , the IGC was not the only body to offer potential nominations for the role of lead investigator . Pieth says the nomination of Garcia came through the secretary general of Interpol Ronald Noble . Garcia , who once worked as vice-president of the Americas on Interpol 's executive committee , currently works in New York as a partner at Kirkland & Ellis LLP . FIFA and Interpol , the world 's largest police organization , enjoy a partnership which stretches back to 2011 . The 10-year agreement , which is worth $ 20 million  $ 25 million  and was set up to combat match fixing , has helped to create a dedicated sports integrity unit in Singapore which opened on Tuesday . An Interpol spokesman confirmed that while the two bodies do enjoy a close relationship , Interpol did not make the appointment of Garcia -- though he commented that "  FIFA could find no better man or woman to discharge the duties assigned to Mr. Garcia . " When asked whether Interpol had received any specific instructions over the gender of candidates , the spokesman replied : "  When it comes to promoting gender equality , Interpol has led by example . "  The world police body 's president is a woman . Its cabinet director and head of its global awareness initiative , Turn Back Crime , is a woman . The head of Interpol 's National Central Bureau and Regional Police Services unit is a woman . And one of its key Sports Integrity managers is a woman . " The controversy over Garcia 's appointment comes in the wake of his statement , published last week , which called on FIFA to publish his report in full . Such a move is unlikely . Hans-Joachim Eckert , who presides over the adjudicatory arm of FIFA 's ethics committee , told reporters earlier this month that only his findings would be published and not Garcia 's report . That move was met with condemnation by some FIFA Executive Committee members . Sunil Gulati , the president of U.S. Soccer , has urged for the report to be published , as have FIFA vice-presidents Prince Ali bin al-Hussein from Jordan and Jim Boyce of Northern Ireland . "  Given the limited role Mr. Hans-Joachim Eckert envisions for the Adjudicatory Chamber , I believe it is now necessary for the FIFA Executive Committee to authorize the appropriate publication of the Report on the Inquiry into the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup Bidding Process , " read Garcia 's statement . "  Publication would be consistent with statements made by a number of Executive Committee members , with the view recently expressed by Independent Governance Committee Chair Mark Pieth , and with the goals of the reform process . " His call appears to have fallen on deaf ears , with Blatter insisting he has not had any contact with Garcia . "  The only contact we have had with the president of the  ethics committee  investigatory chamber has been his press releases that we have received in FIFA , " Blatter told reporters . "  But we have not received any demands or requests from Mr. Garcia to speak to us , or to ask that we should make a decision on this report and to publish this report , and to change the confidentiality which is in the code of ethics of FIFA . " Blatter 's stance has been supported by FIFA 's legal director Marco Villiger , who said that witness confidentiality could prove difficult to sustain if the report was published . "  The code of ethics is based on certain principles , one of which is confidentiality , " Villiger told reporters . "  Cooperation between witnesses and the ethics committee is based on confidentiality , if not perhaps certain witnesses , whistleblowers or other parties might not cooperate to such an extent , " he said , adding that 75 witnesses had been heard during Garcia 's investigation . CNN contacted Garcia 's office in New York to ask whether it could answer questions relating to his omission from the original list , his recommendation by Interpol and the gender-specific allegations . A spokesman for Garcia said all inquiries should be made to FIFA .	Female candidates not considered for lead investigative role Michael Garcia handed in his report last month Garcia not on original list of nominees Calls on FIFA to make report made public
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  The man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder , a South Korean court official said Wednesday . Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction , the Seoul Central District Court official said . According to South Korean law , Kim 's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today 's indictment . Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea . Shortly before Lippert was supposed to give a speech , the attacker slashed him in the face and jaw . The ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches . That wound measured 10 centimeters  4 inches  long and 2.5 centimeters  1 inch  deep , but there was no serious facial nerve damage , said Dr. Jung Nam-shik of the Yonsei Severance Hospital . Lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand , but was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function . Police said Kim stabbed Lippert with a 10-inch knife because he opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills , which happen every year and frequently draw the ire of North Korea . Police official Yoon Myeong-seong told reporters that Kim had visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007 , and that authorities were investigating a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and the attack against Lippert . Kim , 55 , has a history of unpredictable behavior . In 2010 , he received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea , according to the Yonhap news agency . South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack . "  This incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador , " she said , "  but an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance and it can never be tolerated . " CNN 's Madison Park and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy He 's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- From the halls of Congress to the shell-pocked streets of Libyan cities , intertwined themes rang clear Thursday : Leader Moammar Gadhafi is determined to prevail , and the opposition needs more training and allied air strikes to have a chance . "  Gadhafi will "  kill as many  people  as he must to crush the rebellion , " Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen told the House Armed Services Committee . The rebels , who were regrouping after several setbacks , pinned their hopes on more coalition air power , which will likely increase as weather improves . "  We want more to bring a speedy end to this , " Col. Ahmed Omar Bani , an opposition spokesman , told CNN . "  A strike is not a strike unless it kills , " he said . CIA operatives have been in Libya working with rebel leaders to try to reverse gains by loyalist forces , a U.S. intelligence source said . The United States , insisting it is now fulfilling more of a support role in the coalition , shifted in that direction as NATO took sole command of air operations in Libya . The ferocity of this month 's fighting and Gadhafi 's advantage in firepower was clearly evident in Misrata , which has seen snipers , significant casualties and destruction . A witness told CNN Thursday there "  is utter madness " and Gadhafi 's men are going door-to-door evicting and terrorizing people . "  I am afraid it will be one big massacre here in Misrata " if the international forces "  do not do more , " he said . CNN did not identify the witness for security reasons . Saddoun El-Misurati , a spokesman for the Libyan opposition in Misrata , described intense fighting and casualties in the city . "  We managed to get two shipments , so far , of badly needed medical supplies to the hospitals . But obviously we still need more supplies in dealing with the day-to-day casualties and the situation on the ground , " he said . Gadhafi 's military capabilities had been steadily eroded since the onset of U.N.-sanctioned air strikes , U.S. officials have said . But the dictator 's forces outnumber the rebels by about 10-to-1 in terms of armor and other ground forces , Mullen noted . Defense Secretary Robert Gates , also speaking before the House committee , warned that the Libyan rebels still need significant training and assistance . "  It 's pretty much a pickup ballgame " right now , he said . U.S. and British officials say no decision has been made about whether to arm the opposition . Dianne Feinstein , head of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " she opposes doing that . The Democratic senator cited failures of such a move in other conflicts . Bani -- asked whether he is open to the idea of ground forces from outside Libya joining the rebels ' effort -- responded that "  all options are open to us . " "  It has been very hard the past few days because the freedom forces have been facing heavy tanks and artillery weapons with very light weapons , " the spokesman said . While some members of the Libyan military reportedly defected to join the opposition , the rebels include many volunteers who have not been trained . Over the weekend , CNN reported that rebels had taken al-Brega , Ras Lanuf and Bin Jawad , and reached a town just east of Sirte . But in the past three days , opposition fighters have been pushed back eastward . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , reporting Thursday from near al-Brega , said the rebels , armed with light mortars and machine guns , have displayed no strategy in their running battles with loyalist troops . Gates reiterated the Obama administration 's promise that no U.S. ground forces will be used in Libya , telling committee members that the rebels had indicated they did n't want such an intervention . But the United States does have CIA personnel on the ground . A U.S. intelligence source said the CIA is operating in the country to help increase U.S. "  military and political understanding " of the situation . A former counterterrorism official with knowledge of U.S. Libya policy said there is a presidential finding authorizing the CIA to conduct operations in support of U.S. policy in Libya , including assessing the opposition and determining their needs . Specific activities by CIA officers will be determined by conditions on the ground and would need further approval from the White House , the source said . A former senior intelligence official said officers "  might be advising -LSB- rebels -RSB- on how to target the adversary , how to use the weapons they have , reconnaissance and counter-surveillance . " Presidential findings are a type of secret order authorizing some covert intelligence operations . The CIA has had a presence in Libya for some time , a U.S. official told CNN earlier this month . "  The intelligence community is aggressively pursuing information on the ground , " the official said . The CIA sent additional personnel to Libya to augment officers on the ground after the anti-government protests erupted , the official said , without giving details . CIA officers assisted with the rescue of one of two U.S. airmen whose fighter jet crashed in Libya on March 21 , a knowledgeable U.S. source said . NATO emphasized Thursday that the U.N. resolution authorizing action in Libya precludes "  occupation forces . " NATO Adm. Giampaolo Di Paola , chairman of the NATO Military Committee , indicated that the presence of foreign intelligence personnel does not violate U.N. Security Council 1973 , which authorized action in Libya . Rebel forces have been demanding an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42 years of rule in Libya . They have faced sustained attacks by a regime fighting to stay in power and portraying the opposition as terrorists backed by al Qaeda . Rebel forces have lost Bin Jawad and the key oil town of Ras Lanuf and are backed up to the al-Brega area , Bani said Wednesday . Ajdabiya , which is east of al-Brega , will be prepared as a "  defense point " if the withdrawal continues farther east , he said . Amid the setbacks faced by rebels , a significant crack in Gadhafi 's armor surfaced when Libyan Foreign Minister Moussa Koussa fled to London on Wednesday and told the government there that he has resigned , the British Foreign Office said . Koussa -- a former head of Libyan intelligence -- was a stalwart defender of the government as recently as a month ago . But in recent weeks his demeanor had visibly changed . At one recent media briefing , he kept his head down as he read a statement and left early . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Koussa had not been offered any immunity . Koussa 's defection provides evidence "  that Gadhafi 's regime ... is fragmented , under pressure and crumbling from within , " said Hague , adding that Koussa is voluntarily speaking with officials in the United Kingdom . Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said Thursday that Koussa did not tell the government he planned to resign before he flew to Britain . Ibrahim said Koussa asked for sick leave and the government gave him permission to leave the country and receive intensive medical care . The government had another setback Thursday , with news that an official who was picked as Libyan ambassador to the United Nations has defected . A relative and an opposition leader said Thursday that former Foreign Minister Ali Abdussalam Treki was in Cairo . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah , Dana Bash , Pam Benson , Tim Lister and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	Sen. Dianne Feinstein opposes arming the rebels A witness said he fears a "  massacre " in Misrata A U.S. presidential finding authorizes CIA operations in Libya , a source says White House : Libyan foreign minister 's defection shows pressure is "  having an effect "
CNN  -- Affectionately known in his home city of Madrid as "  the wise man of Hortaleza , " Luis Aragones left the legacy of helping Spain 's ascension to the top of world football . Aragones , whose death at the age of 75 was announced Saturday , coached his national side to the European Championship title in 2008 -- the country 's first success at a major tournament in more than 40 years . That breakthrough was continued by his successor Vicente del Bosque , who continued with the "  tiki taka " passing style Aragones introduced , as "  La Roja " won the 2010 World Cup and the 2012 European crown . "  Without a doubt , he marked the road in this final successful phase . I felt a great deal of appreciation towards him , " Del Bosque told the national team 's official website . "  I knew he had some health problems , but I never imagined it would lead to this . " "  Always with us , Luis , " led the website tribute of Atletico Madrid , the club where Aragones played for a decade between 1964-74 and was head coach on four occasions , most recently 2001-03 . He guided Atletico to the La Liga title in 1977 and the Spanish Cup on three occasions . "  Luis Aragones was a great player and coach , but before all that a great person and a friend , " said the team 's president Enrique Cerezo . "  First and foremost he was Atletico . We want to express on behalf of the whole club our condolences to his family . " Aragones ' final coaching job was with Turkish side Fenerbahce , which ended in mid-2009 , and late last year he announced his retirement from the game -- in which he started out at Getafe in 1957 . He was reportedly taken to a Madrid hospital last week with a serious illness , from which he did not recover . Aragones will be buried at a private ceremony on Sunday . Atletico will observe a minute 's silence ahead of the home match against Real Sociedad , in which the team will seek to go top of the table above another of his former teams , Barcelona . "  I wish to express our sorrow at the loss of one of football 's greatest men and one of the most charismatic and likeable managers we remember , " Barca president Josep Maria Bartomeu said before his side 's 3-2 defeat by Valencia -- its first at home in the league since April 2012 . "  As a club , we had the honor of his services , albeit for a very short time , in the 1987-88 season , when we won the Spanish Cup . "  We much appreciate his respect for Barca , its model and our players . Euro 2008 , with Puyol , Xavi , Iniesta and so many others , is a great example . " Aragones ' appreciation of Barca 's "  tiki taka " style -- started by Johann Cruyff and developed by Pep Guardiola -- was borne out by the number of the players from the Catalan club he selected for the national team . But his heart lay in the nation 's capital , where he was on the books of Atletico 's big rival Real Madrid from 1958-60 as a player -- though he spent most of that time out on loan to other clubs . "  The loss of Luis Aragones saddens all of us who love football , " said Real president Florentino Perez . "  Today is a day of mourning for this sport , but it should also be a day of recognition for a legendary figure who was vital in giving us a glorious period with our Spanish national team . "  He ennobled this sport and all Spanish fans owe him gratitude and respect . His personal and professional career was always characterized by honesty and hard work . " The only blot on his international career was an incident in 2004 , when he was accused of making a racial comment -- which was caught on television cameras -- about France striker Thierry Henry while he was trying to motivate his players in training ahead of a World Cup qualifying match . Aragones was fined by European football 's ruling body UEFA and subsequently apologized to Henry , insisting he had not intended to make a racial insult .	Former Spain national coach Luis Aragones passes away in Madrid on Saturday The 75-year-old had been suffering with health issues since his retirement last year He is credited with restoring Spain 's fortunes as an international football power Aragones led "  La Roja " to 2008 European title after revitalizing team 's style of play
Paris  CNN  -- Australia has been revealed as the world 's happiest industrialized nation for the third year running , based on criteria including satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housing , a survey released Tuesday has found . The so-called "  lucky country " beat Sweden and Canada to take the top spot in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development 's  OECD  Better Life Index . The country which comes out on top can be found here , if all criteria are weighted evenly . Australia has remained largely immune from the global financial crisis , with its economy growing on average 3.5 % over the last 20 years to 2012 , according to the CIA Factbook . The economy of the natural resource-rich nation has been buoyed by strong demand from Asia and China , while its robust financial sector has helped combat the global downturn . Such growth is in stark contrast to recessions which have gripped Europe and the U.S. since the financial crisis exploded in 2007 . Read more : Opinion : Austerity is killing us Australia 's employment levels , at 73 % of those aged 15 to 64 , are above the OECD average of 66 % . Average household disposable income sits at $ 28,884 , more than the OECD average of $ 23,047 and despite Australians working an average 83 hours less a year . Life expectancy , at 82 years , is two years higher than the OECD average of 80 years and satisfaction , at 84 % , is higher than the 80 % global average . In its report , the OECD said Australians felt "  a strong sense of community and high levels of civic participation , " with 94 % of people feeling like they knew someone to rely on should they need help . Sweden came second in the survey , with the same life expectancy as Australia but a lower disposable income of $ 26,242 . Employment for those aged between 15 and 64 , sits at 74 % , and in general , Swedes are "  more satisfied with their lives than the OECD average , " the survey found . According to the report , 85 % of people said they had more positive experiences on an average day , such as pride and enjoyment , than negatives ones such as pain or boredom . Read more : U.S. 's happiest , saddest states Canada was ranked third , with 72 % of those aged between 15 and 64 employed , and an average household disposable income of $ 28,194 . The OECD found the country has a strong sense of community but "  only moderate levels " of civic participation . All three top countries all had a considerable gap between the rich and the poor , however , with the top 20 % of the population earning between four and six times as much as the bottom 20 % . The OECD creates the list using eleven criteria , including housing , education , health , income , and civic engagement . The other countries to make it into the top ten of the Better Life index were , in order : Norway , Switzerland , U.S. , Denmark , Netherlands , Iceland , and the United Kingdom .	Australia named the world 's happiest industrialized nation , according to the OECD Survey takes into account satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housing Sweden took second place , while Canada was placed third The United States came sixth in the survey , with the UK in 10th position
CNN  -- Before I applied for the CNN Fit Nation program , I thought I knew quite a bit about the sport of triathlon . I had volunteered at a few races , helping athletes navigate the courses , and I even witnessed newly crowned world champions crossing the finish line . But what I knew , or thought I knew , was from the perspective of an outsider and very superficial . I really had no idea about the training that these athletes had gone through to prepare for their races . As with most things in life , seeing and doing are two very different things . I 've already written about my struggles with running , so you know that worried me from the beginning . But I 've changed as an athlete . The aches and pains are mostly gone now , and as long as I beat the heat and fuel my body , my running workouts are amazing . I 've learned to listen to my body throughout the day -- especially during and after a workout -- and my successes have surprised me . Follow the CNN "  6-Pack " with this interactive Information is a powerful thing , and what I 've learned from my coaches and what I 've learned about myself has turned even me into a runner . I think many of my past problems resulted from trying to go too fast , too soon . In the past , when I started to see success , I wanted more , and that usually led to injury derailing my progress . I 've learned how to build my base endurance slowly and teach my body how to train with a slow and steady progression . I 've learned that you should never increase your distance more than 10 % per week so that your body has time to adjust to the increased workload . I 've been cycling for a few years , and I thought that would be my strongest discipline . However , I learned more about cycling at our May training camp in Florida than I thought possible . I learned the basics of riding in a "  paceline " with my teammates and coaches , how to better control my bike and about the importance of keeping the pedals turning even when coasting  the "  soft pedal "  . Who knew that central Florida was such a hilly place ? I learned quickly . After climbing some of those never-ending hills , I 'm a better climber and a better cyclist . Behind the scenes : Training for a triathlon And that leads me to the pool . Swimming has become my nemesis -- and my biggest area of opportunity . Before starting this journey , I thought I could swim . I was wrong ! My first attempts at swimming in a lap pool looked like I was "  fighting the water , " to paraphrase my coach . It 's much harder to swim when you 're trying to keep your head out of the water the entire time . The freestyle stroke , the breathing and everything else about swimming was completely foreign to me . As with the other disciplines , I 've learned to swim with the guidance of my coach and through lots of trial and error . Constantly practicing the exhale under water while only putting my face in the water or "  bobbing " at the deep end of the pool has taught me how to control my breathing better . For me , the key to swimming was learning to relax . Now that I can better control my breathing , my workouts have finally become aerobic activities . To make my personal journey even more exciting , my girlfriend and a few of my closest friends have committed to taking a similar journey with me . They have started training and will be there in Malibu , California , not just cheering me on but racing their first triathlons as well . Now I 'm able to share what I 've learned with those closest to me . I often pass on simple tips , such as "  slow down and focus on your form . " There 's no hurry when you 're training ; I 've learned that once my form is good , I 'm much more efficient when I pick up the pace . 10 ways to act like a champion When I look back at the guy who first submitted an iReport to CNN , I thought I knew a bit about triathlons . But really I had no idea . The training once foreign to me is now a major part of my daily life , and I 'm excited to say it 's become a part of the lives of many people around me as well . I 've grown as an athlete and as a person , and I 'm learning how to train my mind as well as my body . When I cross the finish line in Malibu , I 'll cross with my teammates , my family and my friends . We will have all shared a similar journey , and we will all become triathletes together . Follow Mantooth on Twitter @TriHardStacy and Facebook .	Stacy Mantooth was an avid fan of the sport of triathlon before joining CNN 's Fit Nation He 's training for his first triathlon and has learned a lot about the do 's and do n'ts Mantooth is sharing his knowledge with family and friends who are training with him
CNN  -- The social networking site Twitter again stole a march on traditional media when it was the first outlet to publish dramatic pictures of the Turkish Airlines crash . iReporter Laura Eekhos went to the crash site after hearing about it on TV . The area "  was swarming with people from our town , " she said . Moments after the plane crashed at Amsterdam 's Schipol airport on Wednesday morning the news was appearing on Twitter , CNN International correspondent Errol Barnett said . "  This is a story that broke on Twitter first and continued to unfold from there . Eyewitnesses were posting comments about the shock of seeing the plane ` dive ' and amazement of passengers walking out of the wreckage , " Barnett said . "  It was a dramatic image of a fractured plane posted on Twitter.com that was the first worldwide view of the Turkish Airlines crash . " iReport : Send your videos , stories Barnett said that when CNN saw the image it moved quickly to confirm with Dutch officials that a crash had happened . "  Within minutes we were reporting on the story . "  This proves that social networking sites can be a real asset in covering breaking news and gathering eyewitness accounts but the web should always be treated with extreme caution , " Barnett said . See where the plane crashed " "  We make a concerted effort to reach out to people posting on the Internet to verify what they say matches up with official accounts . "	Twitter again first to break news after Turkish Airlines plane crashes Plane from Istanbul to Amsterdam crashed 10:40 a.m local time First dramatic picture of crash appeared on Twitter
CNN  -- Talk about going from ecstasy to agony . Welsh golfer Stuart Manley thought he won a new Mercedes when he struck a hole in one at the World Cup of Golf in Melbourne . The world No. 346 celebrated wildly and even patted the car -- which was on display . But then Manley was told the car only went to those who hit a hole in one in the fourth and final round and he slumped to an 11 on his ensuing hole , the fourth . "  It 's the highest high and then the lowest low I 've ever experienced on a golf course , " Manley told the tournament website . "  I thought the car was mine , and with the crowd , all the hype , I was just buzzing . The adrenaline was pumping so much . "  Then I found out about the car and go and have an 11 . "  I kept asking my caddie , ` How many shots is that now ? ' I actually thought it was a 10 but I was not going to argue , because my head was pretty fried at that point . " Despite the disastrous fourth , Manley managed to finish the round at one-over 72 and stands at two under , total , entering play Sunday . "  If somebody had told me I would 've finished on two under at the end of the day after taking an 11 , I would have taken it , " he said . "  I did n't know whether to laugh or cry at that point , but you 've just got to pick yourself up and get on with it . "  I wo n't forget this day for a while . " Jason Day -- who lost eight of his relatives in the deadly typhoon in the Philippines this month -- led on home soil , one shot better than Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn . Manley was tied for eighth , seven shots adrift . Australia also leads the team standings , with the U.S. one shot behind .	Welsh golfer Stuart Manley hits a hole in one at the World Cup of Golf in Melbourne Manley celebrates wildly as he thinks he has won a new Mercedes But the car only goes to those who hit a hole in one in the fourth and final round A disappointed Manley then hits an 11 on the par-4 fourth and finishes with a 72
CNN  -- Serie A champions Inter Milan have completed the signing of striker Goran Pandev on a deal until 2014 . Pandev was a free agent after winning his legal battle against Lazio to be released from his contract . A return to Inter -- where he spent three years without making a senior appearance earlier in his career -- always appeared likely to be his next move and the Nerazzurri confirmed the deal on Monday . The Macedonia international has penned a four-and-a-half-year deal and is excited about linking up with Jose Mourinho 's side . He told the club 's official Web site : "  I am really very happy . My dream was always to remain at Inter , but things have gone well nevertheless . I grew , I became a man , a real player and today I am happy to be here . " Pandev joins an Inter squad eight points clear at the top in Italy , although closest challengers AC Milan have a game in hand . He added : "  The year has started very well for me . Now we need to win the Scudetto and do well in the Champions League so we can all be happy . "  I hope to contribute a lot , but it is especially important to win , then who gets the goals is a side issue . " Lazio were ordered to release Pandev from his contract by the Lega Calcio just before Christmas . He had been at Lazio since 2004 and quickly became a fans ' favourite at the Stadio Olimpico . However , matters turned sour last summer when Lazio revealed they would not accept a bid of less than 19 million euros for Pandev after he filed a transfer request . The 26-year-old was branded a "  rebel " by club president Claudio Lotito and frozen out of the squad , as well as being forced to train separately from his former team-mates . He was linked with several clubs across Europe , including Liverpool , but opted to remain in Italy .	Serie A champions Inter Milan have completed the signing of striker Goran Pandev The 26-year-old Macedonian international has penned a contract to remain at the San Siro until 2014 Pandev was a free agent after winning his legal battle against Lazio to be released from his contract
CNN  -- Hollywood heavies and other glitterati descend on Washington on Saturday night to light up the capital and lighten up the press corps . It 's the annual White House correspondent 's dinner . There 's a red carpet , a presidential appearance , comedic relief and to make it all real , swanky after-parties . This year marks the 100th soiree , most of which have featured a fancy dinner and the president in attendance . In the early years , it was a small affair for 50 . But in contemporary times , it has ballooned into a premier D.C. event at a huge hotel ballroom . CNN asked Julia Whiston , who serves as the dinner 's executive director , when did it become such a mob scene , and why ? "  Coincidentally , when I first started , " she said and paused for effect , with a chuckle . It happened in 1993 , she said . "  But it was because it was Bill Clinton 's first dinner . They had a very large Hollywood following , and they wanted to be at the dinner . " The President tells jokes , a famous entertainer tells jokes , and reporters are called to the dais to collect awards . This year , CNN 's Brianna Keilar will be recognized for some of her reporting on the Obama administration . Over the past two decades , it 's become something of a Washington parlor game to see what news organization can snag the hottest movie stars , reality show personalities , pop singers and sports greats of the moment to be guests . Oh , and up-and-coming politicians or heavy-hitters in the Obama administration are good gets , too . This year , CNN employees will dine with actress Diane Lane , as well as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus on the right , as well as White House spokesman Josh Ernest and Democratic National Committee spokesman Mo Elleithee on the left . But with the crush of bold-faced names from Hollywood getting bigger each year , Washingtonians have gotten increasingly star-struck . By the time the dinner arrives , well-known journalists rush for celeb autographs and selfies for their social media feeds . The dynamic led to the moniker "  Nerd Prom . " It 's a title not everyone involved finds particularly affectionate , like Whiston . At 68 , she says she still has energy to keep doing this job , and this will not be the last dinner she oversees . "  When I get that head table in , and they start to present the colors and the Marine Band starts playing , I think , ` this is not Kansas , this is pretty cool , ' " she said . She got the now-coveted job after several years running a similar -- but smaller -- press dinner . And every year since she began , demand has risen . That 's especially true since Barack Obama became president , in part because he has an even bigger Hollywood following than the Clintons had during their White House years . Joel McHale , best known as host of E! 's satire show "  The Soup " and star of NBC 's comedy "  Community , " is this year 's host . He 's excited about the honor , and even got some advice from some of the entertainers who came before him , which he shared with CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  And it was ... all pretty much the same advice , which was , ` this will be the weirdest thing you ever do and it will be the most exhilarating thing you ever do ... And keep it short . ' "	Annual White House Correspondent 's Dinner is major soiree in nation 's capital Media a tough audience , but Hollywood and comedy mark the evening In a tuxedo , President Obama commands the dais for a few jokes of his own It 's the 100th dinner ; It was small in the early years , but became a mob scene once the Clintons arrived
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Grammy-winning jazz bassist Charlie Haden , whose music career spanned seven decades and several genres , died Friday , his publicist said Sunday . He was 76 . Haden , who first performed as a yodeling toddler with his family 's country band in the 1930s , played on hundreds of recordings with the biggest jazz legends . His wife and four children were with him as his life ended following a long illness , ECM Records spokeswoman Tina Pelikan said . Haden , a sideman in saxophonist Ornette Coleman 's band in the 1960s , is known as a founding father of free jazz . He also led his own Liberation Music Orchestra and the Charlie Haden Quartet West . The National Endowment for the Arts named Haden a "  jazz master " in 2012 for his long career as a musician , composer , bandleader , educator , producer and activist . "  Lyrical and expressive on the bass , he embraced a variety of musical genres , ranging from jazz to country to world music , " the NEA 's bio of Haden said . Haden was just 22 months old when he first sang on his parents ' country-western radio show . He took up the bass as a teenager before moving from his native Iowa to Los Angeles in 1957 , the NEA bio said . His work on the influential recordings with Coleman "  helped move the bassist from an accompanying position to one of innovation and more direct improvisatory participation , " the bio said . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Charlie Haden first performed as a yodeling toddler with his family 's country band Haden is known as a founding father of free jazz He played bass on hundreds of recordings with the biggest jazz legends
CNN  -- A rejuvenated Fernando Torres scored a hat-trick on Sunday in the English Premier League as Chelsea thrashed Queens Park Rangers 6-1 at Stamford Bridge . The performance capped a remarkable return to form for the Spanish striker who has struggled to make an impact since his Â # 50 million  $ 81 million  move to West London from Liverpool in January last year . Chelsea were 2-0 up before Torres was on the score sheet with Daniel Sturridge blasting home inside the first minute and John Terry heading a second 12 minutes later . Torres entered the fray in the 19th minute , receiving a inch-perfect pass from Saloman Kalou before rounding QPR keeper Paddy Kenny to score . The 28-year-old , who sealed Chelsea 's famous 3-2 aggregate win in midweek against Barcelona , added his second five minutes later driving home after a mix up between Kenny and defender Nedum Onuoha . The Spaniard was on target again in the 64th minute side-footing past Kenny with ease to complete his first hat-trick since 2009 when Liverpool beat Hull 6-1 . Florent Malouda added a sixth 10 minutes from the end before Djibril Cisse scored a consolation goal for QPR in the 84th minute . The result capped a wonderful week for Chelsea whose heroics at the Nou Camp on Tuesday earned them a place in the Champions League final against Bayern Munich on May 19 . Chelsea stay in sixth place with 61 points , just one point behind Newcastle and Tottenham Hotspur with three games remaining . QPR stay one place above the relegation zone but only on goal difference . "  Reaching the Champions League final was important , but we also want to finish in the top four and we showed we were focused today from the first minute after Daniel Sturridge 's goal , " Torres said . Torres ' return to form also adds spice to next weekend 's English FA Cup final where Chelsea take on his old club Liverpool at Wembley Stadium . Tottenham moved back into fourth place on Sunday with a 2-0 win over Blackburn Rovers at White Hart Lane . Goals from Rafael Van der Vaart , who bundled home from close range in the 22nd minute , and a stunning Kyle Walker free-kick 15 minutes from the end all but condemn Blackburn Rovers to Championship football next season . With two games left , Steve Kean 's team will need to beat both Wigan and Chelsea in their final match to keep their slim chances alive . Manchester United travel to the Etihad Stadium on Monday night for a title showdown with Manchester City .	Fernando Torres fires a hat-trick to keep Chelsea in the hunt for a fourth-place finish in English Premier League Spanish striker caps a memorable week after scoring winning goal in aggregate win against Barcelona in midweek Tottenham Hotspur move up to fourth place after a 2-0 win over Blackburn Rovers at White Hart Lane
CNN  -- Two Florida school administrators face contempt charges and possible prison time for saying a prayer at a school luncheon . Pace High School enacted a decree in January banning officials from promoting religion at school events . Frank Lay , principal of Pace High School , and Athletic Director Robert Freeman are accused of violating a consent decree banning employees of Santa Rosa County schools from endorsing religion . They face a non-jury trial September 17 before U.S. District Judge Casey Rodgers . The statute under which they are charged carries a maximum penalty of up to six months in prison , subject to sentencing guidelines . Attorneys defending Lay and Freeman call it outrageous that the two are being prosecuted for "  a simple prayer . " But the American Civil Liberties Union , whose lawsuit led to the consent decree , maintains that students have a right to be free from administrators foisting their religious beliefs on them . Still , an ACLU representative said the organization never suggested that people should go to jail for violating the decree . Watch why lawyer thinks men did nothing wrong " The ACLU filed suit last year against the district on behalf of two Pace students who alleged that "  school officials regularly promoted religion and led prayers at school events , " according to an ACLU statement . Both parties approved the consent decree put in place January 9 , under which district and school officials are "  permanently prohibited from promoting , advancing , endorsing , participating in or causing prayers during or in conjunction with school events , " the ACLU said . Lay was a party in the initial lawsuit , and his attorney was among those approving the consent decree , according to the organization . In addition , the court required that all district employees receive a copy . On January 28 , "  Lay asked Freeman to offer a prayer of blessing during a school-day luncheon for the dedication of a new fieldhouse at Pace High School , " according to court documents . "  Freeman complied with the request and offered the prayer at the event . It appears this was a school-sponsored event attended by students , faculty and community members . " Attorneys from Liberty Counsel , a conservative legal group helping defend Lay and Freeman , said in a written statement that attendees included booster club members and other adults who helped the field house project , all "  consenting adults . " In a February 4 letter to district Superintendent Tim Wyrosdick in which Lay acknowledged the incident , he said that although past football booster club members "  and other adults associated with the school system " were at the luncheon , culinary class students were in charge of food preparation and serving . Lay wrote that he asked Freeman to bless the food "  for the adults . ... I take full responsibility for this action . My actions were overt and not meant to circumvent any court order or constitutional mandate . " In response , Wyrosdick noted in a letter to Lay that in a meeting , the principal had admitted that "  you are , and were at the date of this incident , aware of the court injunction and aware that this type of action is not permissible under the injunction . " Wyrosdick recounted telling Lay that the prayer was not appropriate . "  This note is to share with you written instructions to avoid this type of action , " the superintendent said . Both letters are in the public court file . "  It is a sad day in America when school officials are criminally prosecuted for a prayer over a meal , " said Mathew Staver , founder of Liberty Counsel and dean of the law school at Liberty University , founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell . "  It is outrageous and an offense to the First Amendment to punish a school official for a simple prayer . " Liberty Counsel said it is challenging the consent decree , maintaining that it "  unconstitutionally infringes on the rights of teachers , administrators and students . " The ACLU , according to the Liberty Counsel statement , has begun "  to go against individual employees . " The organization said that neither man "  willfully violated any orders of the court . " "  We 're not going after individuals , " said Glenn Katon , director of the Religious Freedom Project for the ACLU of Florida . "  We 're just trying to make sure that school employees comply with the court order . " The ACLU did not request the criminal contempt charges against Lay and Freeman , he said ; the judge initiated them after seeing a reference to the incident in a motion . And the ACLU is not involved in the criminal proceedings , he said . "  We certainly never suggested that anyone go to jail , " Katon said . Lay is not facing jail time for praying , he said , but for violating a court order . "  The moral of this story is , for us , this is about the students ' right to be free from teachers and school administrators thrusting upon the students their religious beliefs , " Katon said . "  They keep talking about the religious rights of the administrators , but the administrators and the principals do n't have any right to trumpet their religious beliefs in a school setting . " Neither Lay nor Freeman has been placed on leave , according to the school district . Pace is about 10 miles north of Pensacola , Florida .	Attorneys : It 's troubling that officials are being prosecuted for "  simple prayer " School 's principal , athletic director could be jailed for six months ACLU says it supports prayer ban but never suggested officials should be jailed Principal acknowledges requesting prayer but did n't mean to circumvent court order
CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've rescued 165 migrants who were apparently kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States . The victims were held for weeks in the northeastern border state of Tamaulipas , Mexico 's Interior Ministry said Thursday . One hundred fifty of the migrants are from Central America . Another 14 are Mexican nationals , and one is from India , the ministry said . They were crammed into a house and held in squalid conditions for two to three weeks , officials said . Photos released by the interior ministry showed blankets , shoes and buckets scattered on the fenced-in home 's patio . "  The victims said that they had the intention of entering the United States of America , but they were held against their will while a suspected criminal group contacted their families by phone and demanded different sums of money that were sent to their kidnappers , " Interior Ministry spokesman Eduardo Sanchez said . Rather than taking them across the border , human traffickers apparently handed the migrants over to criminal groups , he said . An anonymous tip describing people with weapons at a home in the city of Gustavo Diaz Ordaz led Mexican soldiers to the scene . In front of the house , soldiers spotted a gunman who tried to flee with they arrived , Sanchez said . They detained suspect Juan Cortez Arrez , 20 , and handed him over to prosecutors . Drug cartels that operate in the area are known to have kidnapped migrants in the past and requested ransoms for their release . Sanchez did not identify any criminal group that could be involved and declined to respond to questions . Amnesty International has said that immigrants in Mexico "  face a variety of serious abuses from organized criminal gangs , including kidnappings , threats and assaults . " At least 11,333 migrants were kidnapped during a six-month period in 2010 , Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights said . That year , authorities also found the bodies of 72 slain immigrants from Central and South America on an abandoned ranch near the Mexico-U.S. border . The Central American migrants freed Thursday included 77 Salvadorans , 50 Guatemalans and 23 Hondurans . Two of them were pregnant , and 20 of them were minors . More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country 's government cracked down on drug cartels , according to Mexico 's Interior Ministry . Authorities do n't have data on how many of the disappearances were connected with organized crime . In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire CNNMexico 's Mauricio Torres and CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : The migrants were held in squalid conditions , officials say A majority of the victims are Central American migrants Mexico 's Interior Ministry says they were held for weeks Rights groups have said drug cartels target migrants in Mexico
CNN  -- She called him her little Ewok . Six-year-old London had severe autism , according to an archived blog that his mother , Jillian McCabe , appears to have written in 2011 and 2012 . She chronicled what it felt like to realize something was wrong when he was a baby . He was n't reacting when he heard his name . He did n't show affection or interact . He was missing milestones . When the diagnosis came , she and her husband , Matt -- according to their own social media writings -- devoted their lives to their son . Then came another enormous blow : Matt developed multiple sclerosis . "  I 'm trying to hold it together , " Jillian said in a YouTube video that was posted on her Facebook page but has since been taken down . "  It 's really hard . I 'm losing it a lot . " On Monday evening , the 34-year-old mother walked onto the Yaquina Bay Bridge in Oregon carrying her son , police say , and threw him into the frigid water . "  I just threw my son over the Yaquina Bay Bridge , " Jillian McCabe told a 911 dispatcher , according to a probable cause affidavit . His name is London , she said , and then she began describing her boy in detail , including the clothing he was wearing , according to the document . She gave his date of birth , her name and date of birth . She described herself . At the end of the call , she said there was a police officer standing with her on the bridge . According to the affidavit , several officers said they heard her saying she 'd thrown her son off the bridge . On Tuesday , McCabe appeared via video conference in Lincoln County court . She was charged with murder and manslaughter and did not enter a plea . Her next hearing is next Wednesday . A judge set her bail at $ 1 million . CNN has left phone and email messages with her attorneys and has not received a response . A troubled mother ? In the YouTube video , Jillian McCabe said she thought about pulling a "  Thelma and Louise , " referring to the movie about two women who drive off a cliff to escape their problems . Her brother-in-law Andrew McCabe told NBC News that she had been "  hearing voices " and was supposed to see a doctor to adjust her medication on Tuesday , the day after London died . NBC also reported that relatives said McCabe endured mental illness for two years and buckled under the weight of caring for her son and her husband . "  We learned just yesterday that Monday morning Jillian expressed to her counselor that she was hearing voices again , " Andrew McCabe told NBC . "  The counselor suggested that her medication needed adjusting and set an appointment with a doctor for the next day . " He said that Jillian McCabe sought but did not get services that she needed , and she tried to kill herself numerous times . CNN can not independently confirm what the family has told NBC . Andy McCabe , London 's uncle , told CNN affiliate KPTV that the family is stunned and deeply saddened , but not angry at Jillian McCabe , because she was sick and did n't get the help she needed . Learn more about autism ` Mr. Doom & Mrs. Doom ' In her archived blog , posts describe what it was like to raise London . One post praises a teacher and therapists who helped the boy in 2012 make strides like washing his hands and drinking out of a cup without a lid . An October 25 , 2011 , post called "  Mr. Doom & Mrs. Doom " reads : "  Mr. Doom and I are parents of a nonverbal child with severe Autism who has seizures . We live , breathe and see a world that is different than yours . The word ` Autism ' is sure to be a powerful repellant to any of your party guests ; all of our conversations will surely be awkward ones and will include things like sensory tools , therapy sessions and weighted blankets . " Another post says : "  I think the parents of Autistic children often stick together : Matt and I isolate ourselves a lot and stick together . We ca n't really explain accurately to others our experiences . I think the worst thing that Matt and I are going through as parents is the comparison to other children in our family and in our lives . We ca n't help but to compare London and all it does is tear us up inside , but it is like something we can not control . " "  Family gatherings are hard , " she wrote . "  It is sad when the other children are running and playing together or when they are being held and engaged by other adults ; London just sits alone in his own world . Christmas is particularly heart breaking because he does n't understand that you need to open a present to find a treasure inside , nor does he understand the treasure . It 's hard to watch other children rip open their presents excitedly while London sits near his still wrapped gift . "  We feel awkward because London is acting awkward and everyone else in the room senses the awkwardness . We in turn feel bad for creating a scene or ruining someone else 's time . Even worse , we feel broken because London is n't even aware that it is Christmas . We can only wonder if he will ever appreciate a present or how many years will pass before he does . " ` Vigorous ' prosecution London 's killing has sparked strong emotions , particularly from parents of disabled children and those who have autism . Many want the focus to remain on London , not his mother . Some are tweeting at #justiceforlondon . "  His name was London McCabe and he deserved better than to be murdered by  being  thrown off a bridge , " Sharon McDaid tweeted . "  Killing your child is not a breakdown , it 's murder , many parents have breakdowns & never resort to murder , " Kimberly Faith posted . A nonprofit national group whose members have autism , the Autistic Self Advocacy Network , urged "  vigorous prosecution " in McCabe 's case , according to a statement . "  London , and not his mother , is the victim of a terrible crime , " the statement read . President Ari Ne'eman told CNN that all too often the killing of children with disabilities is blamed on stress that caregivers are experiencing . Media and others should be careful , he said , about framing disabled children as a burden . Doing that can inspire copycat killings , Ne'eman said , noting that the organization has several members who have been abused by their caregivers . The organization stages a Day of Mourning in the spring during which names of disabled people killed by caregivers are read aloud . London 's name will be added to the list , said Ne'eman . "  We need to see images of London smiling , having fun , " he said . "  We need to look at this case , first and foremost , as the murder of a 6-year-old boy . " Anna Bullard is a Georgia mother whose daughter has autism . Bullard advocates in state government for more services for parents like her . She says she has trouble feeling sympathy for Jillian McCabe . Her daughter is 10 . "  When she was diagnosed , doctors told me she had no skills whatever , " said Bullard . "  I could imagine nothing except spending my life trying to get her what she deserves . "  We all have points in our life where we have to ask for help and that 's just what you have to do , " she said . "  I do n't know if that 's the case here . No one knows . But you find a way . You find a way . " CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this story .	Jillian McCabe of Oregon is facing manslaughter and murder charges Police say that she threw her son off a bridge and called 911 McCabe appears to have blogged about raising London , who had autism
CNN  -- Bothered by gadgets like Google Glass that can , theoretically , be used to snoop on you in public ? Then why not get your own gadget that can knock them all offline ? That 's what the creators of Cyborg Unplug promise . Billed as a "  wireless anti-surveillance system , " Unplug is , essentially , a portable router that can detect drones , surveillance cameras and mobile tech like Glass trying to access your Wi-Fi signal and boot them off of it . "  Whether business office , restaurant , school or nightclub : it 's your territory and your rules , so make it harder for those that seek to abuse it , " Cyborg 's website reads . That 's Unplug 's stated purpose , anyway . But , as its creators freely note , it also has an "  All Out Mode " that would let you knock devices off of any wireless network , not just yours . The company says it does n't recommend doing that because ... you know ... it 's probably really , really illegal . "  We take no responsibility for the trouble you get yourself into if you choose to deploy your Cyborg Unplug in this mode , " the company says on its site . The company notes that the device is not a jammer , which blocks all digital signals in a particular area . Instead , it targets certain devices the user has identified . So , for example , you could tell Unplug that Glass is no bother , but drones and microphones need to be shut down . It uses the unique hardware signature that all Wi-Fi devices have to recognize what it 's seeing before sending a "  deauthentication packet " blocking access . To be clear , Cyborg Unplug ca n't stop anyone from using mobile devices to record or photograph you . It only keeps that data from being streamed afterward . Cyborg Unplug was developed by Julian Oliver , an engineer and artist from New Zealand living in Berlin This spring , Oliver made headlines in the tech press by writing glasshole.sh , a Web script that can be used to find and kick Glass , specifically , off local computer networks . He said positive response to the program led him to pursue making Cyborg Unplug . Two versions will be available for $ 50 and $ 100 , available for pre-order starting September 30 . Although Glass has no more capabilities to record video or take photos than most smartphones , the wearable gadget from Google , still officially in its testing phase , has been targeted by privacy advocates who say technology has made it too easy to violate privacy rights . Cyborg says Unplug was created "  in shared spirit with " Stop the Cyborgs , a campaign that urges restaurants and other public spaces to ban Glass and other surveillance devices . Google did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment .	Cyborg Unplug can remove Google Glass from Wi-Fi networks Drones , surveillance cameras can also be targeted Creators bill it as protection for your private Wi-Fi But "  All Out Mode " can knock devices off of all networks
CNN  -- The second cut in U.S. interest rates in as many weeks is putting further pressure on the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council to reconsider their currencies ' peg with the dollar ; and none more so than Qatar . Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad tells MME Qatar has not made any decisions regarding dropping the dollar-peg . The small emirate has the highest inflation rate in the region , and it threatens to spiral further northward as its government brings Qatari interest rates into line with the U.S. . The Qatar Central Bank lopped half a percentage off its deposit rate after the Federal Reserve sought to stave off recession in the U.S. with an emergency cut of 75 percentage points on January 22 . Eight days later , the Fed moved again , this time with a cut of half a percentage point to take U.S. interest rates to three percent . After the first cut , MME 's John Defterios sat down for an exclusive television interview with Qatar 's Prime Minister , Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al Thani , who is also the emirate 's Foreign Minister , and controls Qatar 's sovereign wealth fund through the Qatar Investment Authority  QIA  . John Defterios started by asking Sheikh Hamad whether the sharp decline in U.S. interest rates was putting too much pressure on Qatar 's dollar-peg . HA  : Oil and gas are saleable in dollars , but most of our imports are not in dollars but in Euros or Asian currencies . All of these currencies went 40 percent to 50 percent above the level which we experienced two years ago . For us , there is a pressure . We know that a decision needs to be made by the Fed because of the situation on the stock market in the United States ; it might be a wise decision . But for countries like the GCC and Qatar , especially Qatar , it puts us under pressure on how to deal with inflation and our currency , which is undervalued already by at least 35 percent . JD  : What is your instinct telling you , to go to a basket of currencies to buffer this fall of the dollar ? HA  : We are studying all options at the moment , but what I can say is that at the GCC meetings in December the agreement was to hold onto the dollar and to see . Every country has to see its way out of this , but only after a consultation with the GCC . For us , our wish is that it 's a policy to be taken by the whole GCC , to either basket or revalue our currency . I can not see a decision . Even in Qatar , we have no decision up to now . JD  : At the December meeting there was a commitment to move forward with the single currency , realistically by 2010 , or is that just a target ? HA  : It 's just a target . I do n't think we will reach that target . JD  : What is a realistic timeline ? HA  : Well , first we need all of us to agree . Most of the GCC countries agree about the currencies but we would like to do it together , and some would like to wait . We can not put a target on when it will be done . JD  : President Bush , during his swing through the Gulf States , was asking the producers to put more oil on the market because of the U.S. recession that may be pending . Is it time for OPEC to put more crude oil onto the market ? HA  : Is there is excess oil to be put on the market ? I am not sure there is more oil . I think all countries at the moment are pumping their capacity , if we are talking in real terms . If we are just telling the market there is some excess if something happens , then that is another situation . In my opinion everyone is at full speed , enjoying high prices , but there is no excess capacity immediately . Maybe there is 200,000 to 300,000 extra with one of the producers , but no more than that . JD  : We have seen oil stabilize around $ 80 per barrel right now . That seems to be the new floor . Can we get to $ 100 per barrel and use that as a new floor within the next 12 months ? HA  : Well , anything is possible , but with the slowdown in the United States , and I do n't know what effect in Asia , $ 70 or $ 80 is more likely than $ 100 this year . Unless the situation changes in the economy , which from what we hear can not be changed so quickly . JD  : We have seen a huge debate over the last four weeks about sovereign wealth funds and President Bush has actually gone to put tighter controls and a greater review of these funds . Do you think it 's correct to provide greater scrutiny to the funds going into the United States and perhaps into Europe ? HA  : I 'm surprised about these talks . We know these talks were more serious six months ago . But after the crisis I think most of the sovereign wealth funds , which have helped in the United States and elsewhere in Europe , this has been welcomed by the government . They are talking about this fund coming from a different space , from another space , and taking over the market . First of all , we are not politically ambitious to play a role in these companies . We do not want to take over companies . Maybe some , but not all . JD  : I have talked to both the OECD and the International Monetary Fund and there is discussion about establishing a set of rules to adhere to for these funds . Would you go to a set of rules that were international in terms of the outlook as opposed to country by country ? HA  : If it is an international rule done by an international body and consulting all the countries , yes . But if there is one country that wants to set its own rules , we will respect their rules as a country , but we have other options to invest somewhere else . JD  : You have a very good dialogue with the White House . Were you surprised by President Bush 's actions ? HA  : Well , I do n't know exactly what he means by this , but let us wait and see what will come . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks exclusively with Qatar PM Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al Thani Sheikh Hamad says Qatar has n't made a decision regarding the dollar-peg Expresses surprise over talks suggesting greater controls on sovereign funds On oil capacity : "  I am not sure there is more oil " , prices of $ 70 - $ 80/bbl likely
CNN  -- Spanish striking legend Raul Gonzalez scored his 70th European Champions League goal to help Schalke to a superb 5-2 San Siro victory over holders Inter Milan in their quarterfinal first leg . An extraordinary match began in remarkable fashion when Inter took the lead after just 27 seconds . Schalke goalkeeper Manuel Neuer raced out of his area to head away an Inter attack , but he left his goal unguarded as Dejan Stankovic fired the ball home from the halfway line with stunning accuracy for one of the goals of the season . However , the German Bundesliga side levelled in the 17th minute when Inter failed to deal with a corner and Joel Matip was given space to blast the ball home . The tie swung Inter 's way again in the 34th minute when they re-took the lead , Diego Milito -- the hero of last year 's final win over Bayern Munich -- volleying home unmarked from close range after Esteban Cambiasso cushioned his header back across goal from the Inter right . But that advantage lasted for just six minutes before Edu netted on the rebound from a tight angle after goalkeeper Julio Cesar only parried his initial weak effort . The visitors took the lead for the first time eight minutes after the break when Raul held off Andrea Ranocchia to fire past Cesar -- and they increased their advantage four minutes later as defender Ranocchia diverted Jurardo 's cross into his own net . The home side 's hard task was made almost impossible when they had defender Cristian Chivu sent off in the 62nd minute for a second yellow card . Schalke continued to pour forward , looking to kill the tie off . Jurardo struck the post with a low shot and Jefferson Farfan also hit the woodwork from close range . But a fifth goal was not long in coming and Schalke surely made the second leg in Gelsenkirchen irrelevant with 15 minutes remaining when Edu turned and curled home a remarkable fifth goal .	Schalke stun Inter Milan 5-2 in a remarkable Champions League quarterfinal Raul scores his 70th Champions League goal to give the visitors a huge advantage Holders Inter have Cristian Chivu sent off after two yellow cards in second half The second leg in Gelsenkirchen now appears a formailty for the German side
Embattled Republican Sen. Pat Roberts added to his cavalry of endorsements Monday , receiving the backing of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . Roberts , a conservative three-term senator , is in an unusually tough race in deep-red Kansas with independent businessman Greg Orman , whom Roberts attacked hard about what he 's calling questionable business dealings with Rajat Gupta , a former Wall Street executive convicted of insider trading . "  He is n't honest about his liberal ideology , and he is n't coming clear about his business record , " Roberts said . "  Mr. Orman is using his business record as a sole qualification for his candidacy , but the truth is Mr. Orman built his business career working with one of Wall Street 's biggest criminals , avoiding taxes , and laying off hard-working Americans . " Roberts ' low poll numbers have garnered national attention in a year Republicans could win a Senate majority . It 's been over 80 years since Kansas elected a non-Republican senator , and party members do n't want the Sunflower state to be the reason they remain in the minority during the next Congress . The Chamber of Commerce endorsement is critical for Republicans who represent themselves as business allies . The organization typically shows support for Republican candidates , which could include ads and other financial support . "  We 're all in for Senator Roberts . Period , " Rob Engstrom , a senior vice president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , told CNN . "  We 're going to clearly point out where Mr. Orman and his liberal record with his liberal allies stands on the issues . And once Kansas voters hear that and believe that and know that , Senator Roberts will win . " Republican Party members from all spectrums concerned about winning a majority have also come to Kansas to campaign with the senator . Bob Dole , a former GOP presidential candidate , Senate majority leader , and member of the Kansas congressional delegation , campaigned for Roberts last month , as did other establishment party members including former former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. John McCain of Arizona . Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney will be in Kansas later this month , Roberts said . Tea party supporters also have given Roberts the support he 'll need to win in November , even after their preferred candidate , Dr. Milton Wolf , lost to him in the primary earlier this year . Sarah Palin has already stumped for Roberts , and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas will kick off a statewide bus tour campaign this Friday . Asked why Orman 's business experience and position in favor of immigration reform like the Chamber 's did n't qualify him for the endorsement , Engstorm said , "  I would argue there are very few positions where we share a common view . Dodd-Frank , American energy exploration , cap-and-trade , Obamacare . He 's either on the wrong side or wo n't say where he stands . " Engstrom did n't mince words to show his support for Roberts ' business record . "  This is the senator -- this is the man -- who is pushing back against Obama and Harry Reid , and Mr. Orman is not . He 's absent , " he said . Orman did n't return the candidate questionnaire used to decide endorsements within the organization that represents over 300,000 members , Engstrom noted . Roberts is n't the only Republican having trouble in the polls this year in Kansas . Gov. Sam Brownback 's re-election is also in question . Asked by CNN whether Brownback is dragging down his campaign , Roberts replied , "  I will let Governor Brownback speak for himself , but I think -- I think he 's coming back . "	The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is endorsing Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts Roberts is trailing independent candidate Greg Orman in the key race
CNN  -- Karachi , the financial heart of Pakistan , was shut down Wednesday because of political tension that followed various incidents of violence sparked by the arrest of a prominent politician in a crackdown on crime . Nine people , including two policemen , were reported killed in the violence Tuesday . Trade suffered as shuttered shops and burning buses dotted parts of the city 's landscape . Only last week newly elected Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had visited the country 's largest and most populous city to ensure political unity in tackling the scourge of militant-backed crime rings and politically affiliated gangs . There had been a rare show of inter-party unity backing the new government 's drive to send Pakistan 's paramilitary force , The Pakistan Rangers , into Karachi . But recent events could throw a wrench into this process as the arrest of a former member of parliament from the city 's prominent MQM party has been linked to the death of the two policemen . Speaking to CNN from London , MQM spokesman Muhammad Anwar called the incident "  a travesty of justice " and said the Rangers ' operation is politically motivated with a bias toward the PPP , former President Asif Ali Zardari 's party , which now holds a majority in the provincial government of Sindh , where Karachi is located . The operation started Thursday . According to information released by the Interior Ministry in the past 24 hours , three of the city 's most wanted alleged target killers have been arrested . Omar Hamid Khan , a spokesman for the interior minister , told CNN that the hostile reaction to the arrest is "  temporary " and that there will always be "  hiccups " but "  the objectivity of the operation will not be lost sight of . "	Nine people , including two policemen , were reported killed in violence Tuesday Tension has been raised as paramilitary forces crack down on crime New Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is targeting crime rings and politically affiliated gangs
A backlash from Democrats over add-ons to a massive government spending bill is throwing passage of the measure into doubt and once again raising concerns about a government shutdown . The House is slated to vote on the legislation Thursday , just hours before agencies run out of money . But on the morning of the scheduled vote , Rep. Steve Israel , a member of Democratic leadership , said the riders in bill have become a "  poison pill " against Democratic support that the GOP majority needs for the measure to pass . "  At this point I do n't see many Democratic votes at all for a bill that is so antithetical to the middle class , " Israel told CNN following a meeting with other Democratic leaders . The $ 1.1 trillion spending bill authorizes funding for virtually all agencies through September , but some Democrats on Capitol Hill are vowing to oppose the legislation , arguing that the addition of some key policy changes amount to a giveaway for big special interests . Congress must pass some type of legislation by Thursday at midnight to avert a shutdown . The top concerns from Democrats center on a proposal to ease banking regulations in the Dodd-Frank law and a measure that would allow wealthy donors to give considerably more money to the political parties . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said the provisions were "  destructive to middle class families and to the practice to our democracy " and demanded they be stripped out of the bill . Pelosi 's position is critical because House Republicans need Democratic support for the measure to pass . Though Republicans hold a significant majority in the House , Speaker John Boehner is expected to lose anywhere from 40 to 60 conservatives in his party who oppose the bill because it does n't block the President 's immigration executive action . Democrats will need to provide votes to offset those losses , setting up the sort of political brinksmanship that has become typical in Washington . A shutdown remains unlikely because lawmakers could agree at the last minute to approve a bill that would keep the government running for a few months -- when Republicans will have full control of Congress . House GOP aides say they are surprised Pelosi and others are lobbying for changes , since Democrats signed off on the bill before its release . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , asked by CNN if he was concerned about the bill 's prospects , said no , replying with a smile , "  do I look worried ? " Key Senate Democrats are also blasting the deal . Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the second ranking Democrats who is in charge of counting votes , said he did n't know if he would support the compromise or how many Democrats would . He called the Dodd-Frank provisions "  awful . " "  It is just an invitation for another financial disaster and the Republicans are hell-bent on getting that included , " Durbin told reporters in the Capitol . "  Their appetite is whetted by the Nov. 4th election to undo Dodd-Frank . That has been one of their passions , second only to repealing the Affordable Care Act , and it means that the Wall Street interests -- the big banks , you know -- they 're back on top as far as the House Republicans are concerned , " he said . Sen. Elizabeth Warren , the liberal Democrat from Massachusetts who is heavily involved in banking regulations , lashed out at the changes to the banking rules . "  The House is about to vote on a budget deal -- a deal negotiated behind closed doors that slips in a provision that would let derivatives traders on Wall Street gamble with taxpayer money and get bailed out by the government when their risky bets threaten to blow up our financial system , " she said in a passionate floor speech . "  These are the same banks that nearly broke the economy in 2008 and destroyed millions of jobs . " She urged Democrats to oppose the spending bill until "  this risky giveaway is removed from the legislation . " On the campaign finance matter , House Speaker John Boehner said larger individual donations to the parties are needed because Congress had recently eliminated taxpayer funds for political conventions . "  The Congress is very concerned about taxpayer funding of political activities , " Boehner said . "  This provision was worked out in a bipartisan way to allow those who are organizing conventions the opportunity to raise the money from private sources as opposed to using taxpayer funds . " Republican aides familiar with the negotiations say that both the chairs of the Republican National Committee and Democratic National Committee supported the change on contributions limits to boost their own coffers . But DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Shultz told CNN it was "  absolutely not " true that she knew anything about the change to campaign finance laws being added to the spending bill . She said there was a joint effort with the RNC to appeal to the Federal Election Commission to raise the cap for donors for conventions , but she did not support putting this provision in the funding bill . Democratic aides say it 's still early to gauge how many members will vote no on Thursday , but acknowledge that the deal was brokered by Democrats and Republicans over several weeks . Democrats who negotiated the deal defended the end result , saying Republicans had pressed for six different changes to Dodd-Frank but Democrats were able to whittle it down to one . Democrats also said they successfully removed more than two dozen environmental items and a handful of gun-related policy provisions sought by Republicans . Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a top Pelosi deputy , said he 's voting no , and described the opposition as "  running deep and getting deeper " as more Democrats review the details . The number three House Democrat , South Carolina Rep. Jim Clyburn , told reporters he was undecided , but was hearing "  lots of concerns " about the banking provision , and said "  a lot of civil rights groups have been burning up the airwaves with problems about this . " A similar measure removing this same financial regulation was passed by the House last October , with 70 Democrats voting for it , a point McCarthy noted on Wednesday when pressed about the latest criticism from Democrats "  Do they want to shut down the government ? " McCarthy said about those Democrats vowing to oppose the spending measure . Boehner 's spokesman said the controversial provisions will remain in the bill . "  If Rep. Pelosi does n't think her negotiators did a good job , she should discuss it with them - but sour grapes does n't mean she gets to rewrite the deal after the fact , " Michael Steel said in a statement to CNN . Still Republicans insist that there wo n't be a shutdown over this issue , and indicated they would consider a short-term funding bill through early next year -- when they will have full control of Congress -- if this bill fails .	Rep. Steve Israel says the riders added to the legislation are a "  poison pill " Congress must pass a bill by Thursday at midnight to keep the government open Dem backlash is throwing spending deal into doubt
CNN  -- She was a call girl working the streets of Sin City . He 's a guitarist in a heavy metal band . They found commonality in their Christian faith and Friday evening , the two were married in a Las Vegas , Nevada , ceremony broadcast live via the Web . Its Web site says Hookers for Jesus "  addresses the realities of human sex trafficking . " Annie Lobért , who founded Hookers for Jesus , and musician Oz Fox of the Christian band Stryper said their "  I do 's " at the Church of South Las Vegas in front of an applauding crowd and an audience on the Internet . The wedding had been widely touted on several Christian Web sites . Lobért , 41 , walked up to the stage in a white strapless gown , gloves and veil . Earlier this week , she wrote on her MySpace blog : "  I am getting married . It 's about time . " She had worked as a prostitute for 11 years , making as much as $ 500 an hour . She said she hit rock bottom when she overdosed on cocaine and everything went black , according to an ABC interview posted on her Web site . She asked Jesus to help her and became what many jokingly call a "  porn-again Christian . " Lobért says her mission now is to save the souls of women who sell their bodies . She often spends time at night on Las Vegas streets handing out Bibles to prostitutes and seeking to convince them there is a better way to make a living . The Hookers for Jesus Web site describes the organization as "  an international , faith-based organization that addresses the realities of human sex trafficking , sexual violence and exploitation linked to pornography and the sex industry . " Before he administered the vows , Pastor Benny Perez said Lobért was a shining example of Christ 's love for everyone . Fox , 47 , is a longtime member of Stryper , which stands for Salvation Through Redemption , Yielding Peace , Encouragement and Righteousness . The band 's albums include "  Reborn : and "  In God We Trust . "	The bride : Annie Lobért , a former prostitute and founder of Hookers for Jesus The groom : Musician Oz Fox , longtime member of the Christian band Stryper Couple wed in South Las Vegas in front of an applauding crowd and a Web audience Lobért 's mission : To save the souls of women who sell their bodies
CNN  -- When is a kiss not just a kiss ? It 's not always clear . Russian athletes Kseniya Ryzhova and Yulia Guschina kissed each other over the weekend on the winners podium after taking gold in the women 's 4x400 meter relay at the World Athletics Championships in Moscow . A photographer captured the moment , which was broadcast by media outlets around the world . Was it just a celebratory kiss ? Or was it a political statement ? The athletes have not said . But their kiss came at a highly charged moment for gay rights in Russia , which recently implemented an anti-gay propaganda law . The law , which bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear , has led to calls to boycott the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . U.S. runner Nick Symmonds blasts Russia on gay rights Gay rights campaigners have drawn parallels between Moscow 's actions and Nazi Germany 's persecution of Jews or apartheid in South Africa . Russia , meanwhile , insists that its law barring "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations to minors " is not discriminatory but is intended to protect children . Almost three-quarters of Russians said homosexuality should not be accepted by society , while just 16 % said it should be accepted , a recent Pew Research Center survey of global attitudes revealed . By comparison , 33 % of people surveyed in the United States said homosexuality should not be accepted by society , while 60 % said it should . In Britain , only 18 % opposed accepting homosexuality , with 76 % saying it should be accepted . Russian athlete defends Russia 's anti-gay propaganda CNN 's Dana Ford and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The athletes kiss after taking gold in the women 's 4x400 meter relay Was it a celebratory kiss ? Or was it a political statement ? The kiss comes at a highly charged moment for gay rights in Russia
Tenino , Washington  CNN  -- Authorities in Alaska are examining two wolves to see if they are the animals that killed a jogger last week , said a wildlife biologist investigating the attack . The two gray wolves were tracked down Monday and shot to death from a helicopter near the town of Chignik Lake , Alaska , said wildlife biologist Lem Butler . The wolves are suspected of killing special-education teacher Candice Berner last week . Berner , 32 , was attacked while jogging near the town , authorities said . "  We had a systematic search , " he said . "  These were the only two wolves we could find tracks for . " The wolves appeared to be the same ones that left tracks at the scene of the attack , and they matched witnesses ' descriptions of the animals seen near Berner 's body , Butler said . Officials will conduct tests on the wolves ' carcasses to determine whether they killed Berner , Butler said . The carcasses will also be examined to see whether the animals were rabid or starving , or suffering from some condition that led them to attack a human , he said . The rare wolf attack shook Chignik Lake , population 105 . "  We see wolves a lot , " said Johnny Lind , president of the Village Council . "  But we 've never had anything like this happen . " The killing is thought to be only the second fatal wolf attack in North America in more than a century . In 2005 , a wolf pack killed a geology student in Saskatchewan , Canada . Wolves typically avoid human contact and do not threaten people , said John Blankenship , executive director of Wolf Haven . "  They are not human predators . It 's healthy to have awareness of them , for sure . But to be afraid of them is too strong an emotion , " he said . Wolf Haven in Tenino educates the public about wolves and serves as a haven for about 50 rescued wolves , many of them once kept as pets .	Teacher was killed by wolves last week while jogging near Alaska town Wildlife officials tracked and shot 2 wolves they believe are the killers Carcasses will be tested for rabies , other conditions that might have led to attack Wolves normally avoid humans and do not attack them , experts say
CNN  -- Ten years ago , "  No Child Left Behind " became the law of the land . Enacted under President George W. Bush 's administration with the promise to focus on individual student achievement and overall school performance , No Child Left Behind was heralded as groundbreaking . And in some ways , it was . The expanded use of data helped superintendents , principals and teachers pay more attention to the students with the greatest need . Parents now have more access to important information about the quality of teachers and schools , and some student achievement gaps have narrowed . Hindsight is 20/20 , and after a decade of No Child Left Behind , we can clearly identify the law 's weaknesses . As it turns out , the "  Adequate Yearly Progress " measurement , which requires all schools to meet targets for student proficiency or face the same federal interventions , is unrealistic and restricts states ' and school districts ' ability to effectively gauge student learning and tailor curriculum accordingly . The law 's "  Highly Qualified Teacher " requirements value tenure and credentials over an educator 's ability to motivate students in the classroom . Strict mandates and funding restrictions stunt the development of innovative local education programs . Our children deserve better . Across the country , reform-minded individuals are challenging the status quo in exciting ways , and students are benefiting from their efforts . In Florida , for example , former Gov. Jeb Bush enacted far-reaching school reforms that improved the academic achievement of the state 's Hispanic and black students . State legislators in Tennessee and Indiana are overhauling teacher evaluations to ensure student performance is a significant factor in measuring an educator 's effectiveness . We must revamp K-12 education law to ensure Washington does not stand in the way of meaningful reforms . After months of hearings and bipartisan discussions , the House Education and the Workforce Committee will soon consider legislation that will enhance accountability , improve flexibility and support more effective teachers in the classroom . Enhanced accountability : No Child Left Behind taught us that parents , teachers and state and local leaders are more suited to address students ' needs than a one-size-fits-all accountability system developed by Washington bureaucrats . During one of the first committee hearings of the 112th Congress , Indiana Superintendent Tony Bennett said , "  As a former teacher , principal and school superintendent , I am a strong believer in local control . Indiana 's school leaders are in a better position to know what 's best for the students in their communities ... They understand the cultural and economic factors unique to their districts , and they are in the best position to drive innovation . " He 's right . It 's time to put control back in the hands of those who interact daily with our children . Our legislation will call on each state to implement its own accountability system that considers the challenges and opportunities facing local schools and more accurately evaluates student achievement . We propose eliminating federally mandated interventions for under-performing schools and allowing states themselves to determine the best way to raise the bar . Improved flexibility : The Department of Education operates about 80 programs tied to K-12 classrooms , each with its own set of burdensome rules and reporting requirements . According to Virginia 's Loudoun County Public Schools Superintendent Edgar Hatrick , navigating this complicated system often results in "  resources being diverted from the mission of teaching and learning . " Worse , the strict regulations for some federal education funds can prevent eligible schools from applying the money to the initiatives that best serve their students . As Oklahoma State Superintendent of Public Instruction Janet Barresi told our committee last April , "  We would very much welcome the opportunity to decide for ourselves how these dollar bills are spent ... It would allow us to focus on the individual child instead of focusing on funding the program or funding the school . " By combining most of these programs into one flexible grant , our legislation will cut through red tape and enable states to dedicate federal funds to a range of local education priorities , from acquiring new technology to supporting additional literacy programs . School districts will have the freedom to distribute federal funds based on the needs of their own student populations . Superintendents and principals will be able to use federal funding for groups such as English learners , migrant students and Native Americans to support a better classroom experience for all children . More effective teachers : The best teachers are those who keep students motivated , challenged and flourishing . Instead of placing excessive emphasis on credentials and tenure , our proposal will provide incentives for school districts to develop and implement their own teacher evaluations based on student learning . It will also support approaches such as performance pay and alternative paths to certification , which will help recruit and keep the most effective educators in our schools . Every child deserves to be inspired by a great teacher , just as every student deserves access to a quality education . House Education and the Workforce Committee Republicans are leading the way toward a better education system in which parents , teachers and state and local leaders are empowered to build superior schools and improve student achievement . With thousands of American schools labeled as "  failing " under No Child Left Behind , the urgency to reform the law has never been greater . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Kline .	John Kline : No Child Left Behind 's "  one size fits all " approach does n't work New law would leave decisions on teacher accountability to states , he says Kline : States will decide how to use "  one lump " federal grants Kline : People who work with kids daily should be in control of education
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush was moved out of the intensive care unit of a Houston , Texas , hospital into a regular room Thursday after surgery to repair and seal a perforated ulcer , a hospital spokeswoman said . Ex-first lady Barbara Bush has been moved out of ICU and into a regular room . Bush , 83 , was in good spirits and was joking with hospital staffers , the Methodist Hospital spokeswoman said . She was being fed intravenously . Her doctor said earlier she will be allowed no food by mouth for about a week , to avoid possibly stretching her abdominal area . The former first lady showed up at Methodist 's emergency room Tuesday night complaining of severe abdominal pain , Dr. Patrick Reardon , who performed the surgery , told reporters Wednesday . Doctors determined Bush had a perforated ulcer in her duodenum , the first portion of the small intestine after the stomach , he said . In the operating room , doctors thoroughly cleaned her abdominal cavity of any contaminants that had leaked through the hole , described by the hospital as being one centimeter in diameter . Then , doctors repaired the ulcer and sewed a piece of the fat tissue in the abdomen , on top of it to seal it , Reardon said . Bush 's husband , former President George H.W. Bush , was with her Thursday morning , but was leaving to attend Thanksgiving dinner with his son Neil , the Methodist Hospital spokeswoman told CNN . The ulcer was biopsied and is benign , Reardon said Wednesday . He suggested it might have been caused by anti-inflammatory medications . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Barbara Bush had surgery to repair and seal a perforated ulcer Bush , 83 , is in good spirits and was joking with hospital staffers Former first lady being fed intravenously to avoid stretching abdomen The ulcer has been biopsied and is benign
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • United Kingdom • Iceland • Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Environment , economy , elections , education . All E words , and all part of this Monday edition of CNN Student News . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , officials are moving on to plan C to try to stop the oil that 's gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . They 've tried remote controlled subs . They 've tried a giant dome . We 're gon na have more on that in a second . What is plan c ? A lot of junk ! Basically , you stuff the leak with trash and try to clog the thing up . So , what about the containment chamber , the giant dome they were planning to drop over the leak ? The thing did n't work . Crystals formed on the dome and made it float . Officials have n't totally given up on the idea , but they 're considering other options , including junk . As this oil spill starts to wash ashore , meanwhile , it could have a huge impact on several industries . About 40 percent of the country 's seafood harvest comes from the Gulf Coast . Fishermen , dock workers , restaurant owners : All of them could be affected by this , as supplies go down and prices go up . The biggest challenge is how to get all of this oil under control and then to get the oil out of the water . Allan Chernoff shows us how the government gets ready for these kinds of situations . BEGIN VIDEO ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : When trying to clean up a giant oil spill , how does the oil industry know exactly what to do , what techniques are going to work ? The research is done right here at OHMSETT , the Oil and Hazardous Materials Simulated Environmental Test Tank . This facility is run by the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , and it is the largest of its kind in the entire world . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Fire in the hole ! CHERNOFF : Oil sprays into the water , a slick forms and expands , but it 's all intentional . Here , the government creates controlled oil spills in a giant tank more than two football fields long . Operators create ocean wave conditions , then they use various techniques to clean it all up . There are three primary plans of attack for cleaning oil spills in the water : burn the oil , apply chemical dispersants to break it down , or manually remove it . All three are at work in the Gulf of Mexico . Today , cleanup experts are practicing manual techniques to remove oil . Taking oil off the surface of the water is kind of like peeling the filling off of an oreo cookie ; you 're skimming it . And that 's what all these various devices do . They skim the oil off the water . Depending upon the grade of oil , how heavy it is , you use a different type of skimmer . At OHMSETT , all different types of oil are sprayed into the tank from a moving bridge . Workers can test skimmers , various dispersants , even burning , all in a safe , enclosed environment that simulates the ocean 's salinity and even its wave patterns . We all know oil is lighter than water . That 's an advantage when it comes to cleaning up a spill , because the oil sits on top of the water . Using those booms , oil can actually be pushed into that skimmer , and then it 's sucked up using this giant vacuum . Cleanup workers from private industry , government and 24 countries around the world have come here to practice and research such techniques , including responders trying to clean the Gulf of Mexico right now . END VIDEO Unemployment Numbers AZUZ : We will continue to keep you updated on that story . Now , to unemployment . Last month , the U.S. unemployment rate went up , from 9.7 percent to 9.9 percent . Some experts are actually saying that 's a good sign . What ? The unemployment rate includes people who are actively looking for a job . Let 's say you 're out of work . In March , you 're so discouraged that you do n't think it 's worth it to even look for a job . In that situation , you 're not part of the unemployment rate . Then in April , you think there 's a better chance of finding a job , so you start looking . Now , you are included in the rate . So , according to some experts , the fact that unemployment rate went up , means that more people are feeling more optimistic about the economy . But the bottom line is , there are still more than 15 million Americans out of work . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Robbins ' contemporary issues class at Meadow Heights High School in Patton , Missouri ! Who lives at 10 Downing Street in London ? Is it : A  Sherlock Holmes , B  Queen of the UK , C  UK Prime Minister or D  U.N. Secretary-General ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! 10 Downing Street is the UK prime minister 's home and office . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! UK Election AZUZ : The question is , who is going to live at 10 Downing Street ? The UK is trying to figure that out after last week 's parliamentary elections . None of the parties got a majority of seats . So now , a scramble is on . In the UK , people vote for members of parliament . Whichever party wins a majority of the seats in parliament gets to form the new government , and that party 's leader usually becomes prime minister . Gordon Brown has held that job since 2007 . He heads up the Labour Party . But they only got 29 percent of the vote in last Thursday 's election . The Conservative Party , which is led by David Cameron , got 36 percent . Over the weekend , Brown and Cameron both met with Nick Clegg . He is in charge of the Liberal Democrat Party , which got 23 percent of the vote . Clegg could form a coalition -- basically , sort of team up -- with either the Labour Party or the Conservative Party and then together , form a majority . Volcano Ash AZUZ : Well , we 're staying in Europe . An ash cloud from a volcano is causing problems for airplanes . And if that story sounds familiar , it 's because it is ! This is the same volcano and the same problem . It 's in southern Iceland under a glacier ; it 's been erupting since last month . The problem is the ash that you are seeing right here . If this ash gets into a jet 's engine , it can cause the engine to fail . Back in April , concerns about the ash shut down air travel across most of Europe for nearly a week . This weekend , several hundred more flights were canceled , and some officials closed airports in Italy , Spain and Scotland . Word to the Wise RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... zero tolerance  noun  a policy of strictly enforcing rules and laws , without making exceptions Zero Tolerance AZUZ : The state of Georgia , where we are , has a zero tolerance policy about weapons in school : any kind of weapon -- gun , knife , chain -- strictly forbidden on campus . A 14-year-old student named Eli Mahone was recently affected by this . He could n't find his backpack one morning . You 've probably experienced that yourself . So , Eli grabbed another backpack to use for the day , and he got to school before he found out that the backpack had a knife in it . It was a two-and-a-half inch blade that he uses when he goes fishing . ELI MOHONE , ARRESTED UNDER ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY : I get to school . I mean , it was just like a regular day . I went to reading and , I do n't know , one of my friends told me , "  Is that yours ? " And when I looked down , there was a knife on the ground and it was mine . AZUZ : Eli took the knife and turned it in himself to the principal 's office . But here 's where zero tolerance kicked in , and Eli got in serious trouble : the policy does not allow school administrators to consider the circumstances . So , following that policy , school officials and police treated this as a crime . And a teen who 'd never broken the law before was arrested and sent to a youth detention center . Eli was also expelled from the school , and he had to go to an alternative school with students who 'd committed serious crimes . AIMEE HENSLER , ELI MAHONE 'S MOTHER : It was basically like standing outside your body watching as it was going on . I mean , I never imagined seeing him handcuffed and put in the back of a police car . AZUZ : Eli 's mom got in touch with a state senator . He crafted a bill that would relax Georgia 's zero tolerance policy . The bill passed the state House and Senate ; it 's waiting for the governor 's signature . As far as zero tolerance policies go , a local judge says they are effective in fighting certain types of crimes , but critics argue they go too far in schools . Blog Promo AZUZ : What do you argue about zero tolerance policies ? It 's a new week ; we have a new post up on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . What do you think of zero tolerance policies ? If they 're effective ? Are they worth it ? Or do you think they go too far . Tell us on our blog . The address : CNNStudentNews.com . The rule : first names only . Before We Go AZUZ : We 've stuffed a lot in today 's show , but hopefully you have room for just a bit more . A lot more . But it 's worth it . This might be the world 's biggest burger . 590 pounds ! A Canadian chef concocted this creation . Of course , he had to use a special grill , one that has a forklift inside to flip the patty . Sure , he 's trying to break someone else 's record , but it 's to raise money for a charity . Goodbye AZUZ : So if they were to ever meat , the old record holder might grill him for a while , but we doubt he 'll have any beef with the new guy . Whoo ! All right , we 're having fun with this story . You guys have an excellent day . We 're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow when CNN Student News returns on HLN , online or on iTunes . We 'll see you then !	Check out how the U.S. government trains to fight oil spills Find out why an election turned into a scramble in Britain Hear about a controversy involving a zero tolerance policy Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Kyle Davis was 100 % boy . He loved going with his grandpa to see Monster Trucks , and would hoot and clap whenever one of those giant things would roll over and crush a smaller car . Because he was a good kid and got A 's and B 's , his family would sometimes reward him with a trip to the lake and let him ride his four-wheeler around . The 8-year-old was a force on the soccer field . His stocky build earned him a nickname : "  The Wall . " "  Kids just bounced off of him , " Davis ' grandfather Marvin Dixon said Wednesday . "  He just loved being with his Pawpaw and I loved being with him . I 'm just going to miss him . " Kyle was among 24 people who lost their lives Monday when a massive tornado hit Moore , Oklahoma , just outside Oklahoma City . He was one of seven children who died at Plaza Towers Elementary School . His parents called him ` Hammy ' Talking to Marvin Dixon and Kyle 's grandmother , Sharon Dixon , it 's clear right away that you do n't have to ask any questions about the third-grader . So broken-hearted but so full of love and memories for their grandson , they just want to talk about him . "  I could talk to you all day about him because he was our son , too , " Sharon Dixon said . "  He was always asking , ` Can I stay at your house ? ' We kept a nightlight on for him because he was afraid of the dark . " "  I 'm going to miss his smile , " Marvin Dixon said . "  It would melt your heart , but you also look at it and wonder , ` Bud , what are you up to ? ' " "  Me and his mom started calling him Hambone and then Hammy because he liked being in front of the camera . I do n't think we ever did call him Kyle . " Marvin Dixon dropped his grandson and granddaughter , Kaylee , 11 , off at school Monday . Kaylee was struggling to lift her school project out of the car . "  Sissy , I 'll get this for you and take it in for you , " Kyle said . Funeral held for Kyle Davis "  I told him that I thought that was a very gentlemanly thing to do , " Marvin Dixon recalled . He told the kids , "  OK , I 'll see you at 3 . I love you . " "  I love you , too , Pawpaw , " Kyle answered . Kaylee survived the twister that ripped the school apart around 3 p.m. . She was in the main building , but Kyle and his classmates were hunkered down in another building , the Dixons said . "  It was just hailing , really coming down as that thing got closer and we got in the car , " Marvin said . "  The school was in lockdown . I would have gone to pick them up . I would have . I would have risked it , but I could n't . They would n't let me get to him . " Inside a tornado-ravaged school The Dixons managed to outrun the tornado in their car . When they were able to turn around , traffic was backed up on the interstate . By this time , the Dixons had Kyle 's mother with them . They drove as close as they could to the school , about two miles away , then got out and began running toward it . As they got closer , they could barely comprehend what they were seeing "  Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! " Marvin said . "  My daughter was hysterical . " Photographer captures snapshot of courage Kaylee had somehow walked away from the devastation with a few bruises . "  We 're not angry at the school , " Marvin Dixon said . "  But I want them to get something better for the next time because we ca n't say this horrible thing wo n't happen again . I want the kids to have a safer place to go in the future . " Mother leaves behind two young boys Shannon Quick was at home with her mother and two boys . The debris cut open her midsection , and she lay on the floor , telling her mom she was having a hard time breathing . Joy Waldroop said her daughter , who was 40 , also kept calling for her boys . "  She kept saying , ` Tanner ! Jackson ! Tanner ! Jackson ! ' " Waldroop consoled her daughter and told her to lay still . Quick , who was clutching the pants leg of an emergency worker , died . "  All of a sudden her arm went limp , " Waldroop said . She said her daughter had a profound effect on others . "  She was so good , " she said . "  There 's not a soul that does n't love her . " Mother 's instinct saves lives of 3 sons Young girl was a ` ball of love ' Angela Hornsby threw up her arms in frustration Monday as she sat at home watching a news anchor tell people to seek shelter underground . She does n't have a basement . She wondered about her niece , Jenae Hornsby , a third-grader at Plaza Towers . "  I thought she was safe in school , " Hornsby said . But Jenae was n't . She died along with Kyle and their five other classmates . Watch Hornsby talk to Anderson Cooper Just last weekend , Hornsby 's 14-year-old daughter and Jenae and all of Jenae 's many cousins were at a park in Moore . They had just come from church . The girls were dressing up and joking around , wearing their aunt 's wig . "  They loved to dress up and dance to Beyonce , pretend they were Beyonce , " Angela Hornsby said . "  They would tape each other with their phones and play it back . " The 14-year-old is so upset about Jenae that she 's been throwing up and is at home in bed . "  My daughter said to me , ' I do n't want to sound crazy but maybe she 's gon na call me . Maybe Jenae 's not dead , Mom . ' " Angela does n't know how her brother -- Jenae 's father , Joshua -- is going to move forward . Tuesday night , Joshua Hornsby , talking to CNN 's "  AC360 , " called his daughter "  a ball of energy , a ball of love . " "  She was the best kid anybody could have , " he said . He vowed to make "  his baby proud and keep pushing on like I know she would want me to do . " Doctor 's quick thinking saves patients He never met a stranger Christopher Legg "  loved to play sports , and fight for justice , " an obituary posted on a cousin 's website said . He also had been diagnosed with melanoma , skin cancer , and a condition that causes terrible knee pain . The tough little 9-year old faced them with strength and enthusiasm , just as he lived his life . "  You were always always a friend in his eyes , " the tribute said . He was a well-rounded athlete , playing baseball , basketball and football . He also like to wrestle , to roughhouse with his Dad , his older brother and a sister . Christopher , a third-grader , died at Plaza Towers Elementary . Her mother was everything Angeletta Santiago is struggling this week , too . Her mother , Tawuana Robinson , died in the storm . "  To lose her to something so devastating ... it hurts , " Santiago told CNN affiliate KSDK . Her mother called her just as the tornado was bearing down on her . "  She said ` yes , the tornado has touched down . I am in my closet , ' " Santiago recalled . "  I love you . " Robinson lived a block from Plaza Towers Elementary School . The phone line went dead . Santiago tried to call her mother back but could n't get through . After hours passed , she went on Facebook and searched victim websites . "  I had hope and I prayed , " she said . "  I had a friend in my mother . I had a mother in my mom . I had a sister in my mom . I had everything a girl could want in a mom , " she said . "  My heart goes out to everybody ... the babies , the mothers who will never be able to see their children again . I hope you 're healing . " How to help	NEW : Mother kept calling for her boys before she died Kyle Davis , 8 , was a good student who loved soccer and his older sister Tawuana Robinson called her daughter as twister hovered , telling her she was in closet Christopher Legg loved sports , horsing around with his Dad
CNN  -- Rui Costa rode to his second stage win of this year 's Tour de France Friday as Chris Froome moved ever closer to overall victory in the centenary edition of cycling 's most famous race . Portugal 's Costa backed up his triumph in Tuesday 's 16th stage into Gap with a similar victory . The Movistar rider burst out of a chasing group to catch long time leader Pierre Rolland of France  Europcar  on the final big climb of the Col de la Croix Fry and finished clear in Le Grand-Bornand . German veteran Andreas Kloden  RadioShack  was 47 seconds adrift . It was also a familiar situation among the leading contenders , with Britain 's Froome protecting his five minutes 11 second advantage over Alberto Contador of Spain . Contador 's Saxo-Tinkoff team again launched numerous attacks , but Froome , who had shown signs of weakness on the previous day 's finish up L'Alpe d'Huez , easily countered the moves . Froome , all set to succeed fellow Briton and Sky teammate Bradley Wiggins as Tour de France winner , was again grateful for the support of his loyal lieutenant , Richie Porte of Australia , in a dramatically whittled down main bunch . "  I felt pretty tired after yesterday to be honest but I 'm really relieved to have today behind us , " he told the official Tour de France website . "  This is an incredible position for me to be in . I mean , to be here one day away from Paris with a five minute advantage on the second place on GC is really a good position to be in but , having said that , I do n't want to be too complacent at all . " Saturday will see the Kenyan-born Froome tackle his final challenge in the Alps over 125 km from Annecy to the summit of Annecy-Semnoz . Contador is likely to come under pressure from Colombian Nairo Quintana  Movistar  , who is third overall at five minutes 32 seconds adrift , but has been showing fine late form in the mountains . Meanwhile the specter of drugs cast a shadow on proceedings as former Giro d'Italia winner Damiano Cunego was among 28 people connected to the Lampre team to be charged with doping-related offences , by prosecutors in Padua . Cunego , who is riding this year 's Tour de France , but languishes in 56th position , one hour 42 minutes behind Froome , is the biggest name caught up in the potential scandal . Former world champion Alessandro Ballan is also implicated with a clutch of officials and team doctors . They are accused of a large scale doping operation , involving the blood-boosting EPO , anabolic steroids , human growth hormone and testosterone . Lampre mounted a stout defense of its riders and team on its official website , saying they would be able to mount a strong defense when the case is heard in December . In a statement , the team expressed its "  full confidence in team members involved in this affair . "	Rui Costa wins 19th stage of Tour de France Second stage win of this year 's race for Movistar rider Chris Froome maintains big lead in overall race standings Lampre riders -- including Damiano Cunego -- charged in Italy of doping offences
CNN  -- The wife of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid underwent neck surgery Friday after being injured with their daughter in a four-vehicle wreck in suburban Washington a day earlier , her surgeon said . Since the surgery , Landra Reid , 69 , has been able "  to get out of bed , her pain is well-controlled and she 's able to swallow some , " said Dr. Elizabeth Franco of Inova Fairfax Hospital . She can move her arms and legs , but is expected to go through physical therapy before being released in a few days , Franco said . Reid 's wife broke her neck , a vertebra in her lower back and her nose , the doctor said . The couple 's adult daughter , Lana Reid Barringer of McLean , Virginia , suffered a neck injury and facial lacerations , the senator 's spokesman , Jon Summers , said Thursday . Lana Reid was released from the hospital Thursday night . The wreck occurred in the northbound lanes of Interstate 95 in Fairfax County at 1:10 p.m. , when the 2005 Honda Odyssey driven by the daughter began braking in stop-and-go traffic and was rear-ended by a tractor-trailer , according to a Virginia State Police report . "  The impact forced the Honda Odyssey to rear-end the vehicle in front of it , a 1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee , " it says . "  The Jeep Grand Cherokee was then forced into the next lane over where it struck a 2007 Chevrolet Cobalt . " The drivers of the Jeep and the Chevrolet also were taken to Inova Fairfax Hospital . Their injuries were not considered life-threatening . The driver of the truck , Allan W. Snader , 59 , of Ohio , was charged with reckless driving , the police report said . He was not injured in the crash . The tractor-trailer was carrying rolls of plastic . The 70-year-old senator visited his wife and daughter shortly after hearing of the accident at 2:15 p.m. , then returned to his office in the Capitol to work on health care legislation , said Reid spokesman Jim Manley . He was back at the hospital later in the afternoon and stayed until midnight , then returned early Friday to be there for his wife 's surgery , Summers said . Summers told reporters Landra Reid 's recovery is the senator 's top priority , but "  his plans have not changed at all " in Congress . "  Landra and I have been married for 50 years -- she is the love of my life , " Reid said in a statement read by Summers at a news conference . "  And I look forward to her making a quick recovery as soon as possible . " Reid met his wife at Basic High School in Henderson , Nevada , during the mid-1950s . They married in 1959 and had their first child , Lana , two years later . Three boys followed . The couple has 16 grandchildren . CNN Congressional Producer Ted Barrett and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Landra Reid , 69 , was involved in a car accident on Thursday Since surgery , she is able "  to get out of bed ... and she 's able to swallow some , " doctor says She can move arms and legs ; expected to go through physical therapy before release She broke her neck , a vertebra and her nose in the accident , the doctor said
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Five presumed drug gang members and one soldier were killed in shootouts Thursday and Friday after criminals blocked thoroughfares in two northern Mexico states to prevent military reinforcements from arriving , authorities said . The criminals used cars , transit buses and tractor-trailers to block roads and streets in the states of Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon in northeastern Mexico , said an official with the Nuevo Leon public security office . The official was briefed on the incidents but declined to be named because she is not allowed to speak for the department . Three gang members were killed Thursday in Tamaulipas and two died early Friday in the city of Monterrey , in Nuevo Leon , the official said . One soldier was killed and four wounded in the Tamaulipas confrontation , the security official said . Two of the road blocks happened Thursday and five more were set up before dawn Friday , the official said . All were cleared within a matter of hours . The area , which borders Texas , has seen bloody fighting between the Zetas and Gulf cartels after a recent gangland slaying . Hours-long gun battles are common , and U.S. officials were recently forced to temporarily close the consulate in the city of Reynosa . The trouble started January 18 when a Gulf cartel member killed top Zeta lieutenant Victor Mendoza . The Zetas demanded that the Gulf cartel turn over the killer , but the narco group refused . The Zetas , composed mostly of former elite military troops , had been the armed enforcers for the Gulf cartel since 2001 . The Zetas have become more independent in recent years , and the all-out war between the two cartels indicates the split is apparently permanent . Nuevo Leon public security chief Luis Carlos Trevino was quoted in published reports as saying that the military will continue ongoing operations against the criminals despite the road blocks and other obstacles . Soldiers carried out raids Thursday in the cities of El Carmen , Sabinas , Vallecillo and Paras . "  The organized crime groups have tried through different means and methods to turn the roads of the metropolitan Monterrey area upside down , looking to form blockades with civilian vehicles to prevent support troops going to the areas where these actions are taking place , " Trevino said at a news conference Thursday . The drug gang members used tractor-trailers , buses and cars to close the Reynosa Highway and the road to Miguel Aleman , causing panic among residents and traffic chaos , the security chief said . The highway from Monterrey to Reynosa was closed for at least two hours in both directions when armed men forced at least six car drivers and a tractor-trailer driver to station their vehicles across the road . The gunmen also burned three cars and a pickup truck to close the Miguel de la Madrid Boulevard in Monterrey . In addition , gunmen stole several cars and trucks to use as roadblocks in both directions on the highway to Miguel Aleman , Trevino said . Mexico has been gripped in massive drug-related bloodshed since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 . Much of the violence has centered around Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . Juarez drew attention in the United States last weekend when three people associated with the U.S. consulate in the city were gunned down . Two of the victims were U.S. citizens who lived in El Paso . Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said earlier this week authorities believe Saturday 's slayings were carried out by the Barrio Azteca drug gang . No motive has been revealed and no arrests have been made . About 200 U.S. federal , state and local authorities interviewed more than 100 Barrio Azteca members and associates in El Paso and southern New Mexico on Thursday , the Justice Department said . There are no official government tallies , but more than 16,000 people are estimated to have died in the drug wars . The vast majority of the deaths are among reputed criminals , with some police and military also being killed . Relatively few of the deaths are civilians . Even so , the United States and Canada have issued travel warnings , particularly along the border area . The Texas Department of Public Safety took the unprecedented step this year of recommending that students on spring break not go to border areas inside Mexico . News of the violence and the travel warnings apparently have had an effect . Mexicans say tourism along the border has declined this year , with one business owner in Tijuana telling CNN that his business has dropped 40 percent .	Five presumed drug gang members , soldier killed in shootouts Criminals blocked roads with cars , buses to prevent military from arriving , authorities say Area near Texas border site of bloody fighting between Zetas , Gulf cartels
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin sent a strong signal Thursday that he has full hands-on control of his country . As part of his annual town hall forum , Putin spoke for four hours and fielded 80 questions out of 2 million-plus submitted on a live call-in program , "  Conversation With Vladimir Putin -- Continued . " Responding to a question on whether he had any plans to retire and enjoy the life of an ordinary citizen , Putin tersely replied , "  Do n't count on that . " And when asked whether he plans to run for the presidency again in 2012 , he said , "  I will think about it . There is plenty of time for that . " Speaking of his "  tandem " with President Dmitry Medvedev , Putin said he had "  known him for many years , graduated from the same universities , having been taught by the same professors . " "  Those common principles allow us to effectively work together , " he said , responding to the never-ending speculation about which one of the duo is more important and whether a rift between them is possible . Putin juggled a myriad of facts and statistics , giving instructions to subordinates along the way to fix problems , as he responded to questions mostly on Russia 's domestic issues . These covered pensions , medication prices , the overhauling of entire industries and Russia 's accession to the World Trade Organization , Amur tigers and hip-hop music , and everything in between . The program was broadcast live on government television and radio . It marked Putin 's eighth annual year-end "  town meeting , " first launched in 2001 when he was president . This year 's forum was his second as prime minister . Representatives from all Russian industries as well as university students packed the auditorium in Gostiny Dvor , a large conference hall next door to the Kremlin , where Putin appeared . Putin took questions from the hall 's floor , with live cameras positioned in towns and cities across Russia , and he also responded to phone calls , e-mails and mobile SMS messages . He started off by addressing the issue of terrorism , coming nearly a week after the derailment of a luxury Moscow-St . Petersburg express train , which left 26 people dead and more than 100 injured . Russia 's Federal Security Service said an improvised explosive device , which unknown bombers placed beneath the railroad bed , caused Friday 's derailment . It was the biggest terror act outside Russia 's troubled North Caucasus region since 2004 . "  We did a lot -LSB- in recent years -RSB- to break the backbone of terrorism , but the threat has not been eliminated yet , " Putin said . "  The entire society , each of us , should be conscious of this threat and be vigilant . " Addressing the economy , Putin said the peak of the global economic crisis has passed , "  although turbulent trends in the global and , as a result , the Russian economy , are still in place . " "  It will take time and effort to overcome the crisis , " he said . The past year has been "  one of the most difficult " for Russia in this decade , Putin added , saying the 2009 gross domestic product will shrink by 8.5 percent to 8.7 percent . The slump in the country 's industry will be even bigger , he said , around 13 percent , but the projected inflation for 2009 will be lower than in the past year , about 9 percent . The prime minister also cited what he called "  positive developments " in the Russian economy . He said some industries , such as military hardware production and agriculture , are even growing . In the arena of international politics , Putin told a questioner that he and former President George W. Bush had a good relationship but have not been in touch . The prime minister described Bush as a "  very honest and nice person , " saying that if the ex-U.S. leader wanted to continue their relationship , he would be glad to do so . Putin 's press secretary , Dmitry Peskov , said the wide range of issues on which Russians posed questions "  provides an excellent instrument for sociological study , and all questions that are being raised , are carefully studied . That -LSB- call-in show -RSB- gives a very reliable sociological survey . " Putin 's popularity ratings at home demonstrates his political dominance in Russia . Confidence in the prime minister stood at 70 percent , as opposed to 59 percent for Medvedev , according to a recently published opinion poll conducted by Russia 's Public Opinion Foundation . While Putin had his town hall forum , Medvedev was holding meetings in Italy with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Pope Benedict XVI .	Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin dismisses notion of retiring at town hall forum Putin : "  Common principles " let him , President Dmitry Medvedev work well together Putin calls George W. Bush a "  very honest and nice person " Putin says it will take time to overcome global financial crisis
CNN  What would drive a man to give up the luxury of serviced apartments for nothing but Airbnb rentals -- some good , some terrible -- for an entire year ? Ask Kevin Lynch . Originally from Chicago , Lynch moved to Shanghai over a year ago with his wife and daughter "  for an adventure . " When a position in the advertising company he works for opened in southern China , he began making extended solo business trips to Hong Kong , each time staying at a different place he found on Airbnb . Originally , Lynch pledged to carry out his Airbnb lifestyle for a year , but now he 's hooked and says he 'll continue the experiment indefinitely . Get out of the ` expat bubble ' "  I wanted to make up for the fact that I did n't grow up in Hong Kong , to gain credibility with clients and really understand Hong Kong beyond that expat bubble that a lot of people stay in , " says Lynch . "  And it sounded fun , " he adds . The intrepid traveler has rolled his suitcase all over the territory , deliberately picking neighborhoods far off the beaten trail . When we spoke with him , Lynch was on his 80th Airbnb stay in Lau Fau Shan , an area nearly at the northwestern Hong Kong border known for a once-thriving oyster farming industry . "  The thing that strikes me most strongly about Hong Kong is the diversity of the places I 've been to , " he says . "  If you 're not from here , the only things you 're seeing are cable cars , the Peak and dense urban neighborhoods in Mongkok and Central . "  But what I have loved so much are the outlying islands , Shek O and Big Wave Bay . "  They have the feel of Southeast Asia , yet you can hop on a train or bus and 20 minutes later you 're in the fast-paced chaos again . " The advertising creative says he began his Airbnb project out of his own initiative and acts independently of the company . "  We know each other and like each other , " says Lynch of his relationship with Airbnb . "  There 's no compensation , no discounts , no nothing , " says Lynch . "  They 've had a couple of community gatherings here in Hong Kong that I 've been invited to , but other than that we know how to appreciate each other . " We asked Lynch for his five most memorable stays and he happily obliged . Soho "  I really think that this was by far the highlight of my year , " says Lynch . "  It was in one of the most predictable neighborhoods -- that expat bubble that I mentioned , " he says . "  This place was right on Staunton Street just off the SoHo escalator . "  I 'm used to walking into places that are super small , but when I walked into this place all I saw was the small couch and table and I thought I 'd have to sleep on the couch . "  Then the guy hits this button on the wall and the ceiling lowers down and it stops just a couple centimeters above the table . "  It was the bed . "  It was singly the most crazy aspect of any space I 've ever been to before . It was probably not the best sleep , but  it was  the most memorable . " Cheung Chau Lynch arrived at Cheung Chau without any idea of what he was walking into . "  It was during the week that we have the Buddha 's birthday holiday , " says Lynch . "  I thought I would stay near a beach so I was just looking for an island to stay at and found this place listed . " When he booked the apartment , the host asked him if it was OK that there would be a ban on meat on the island that week . "  I was like , that 's weird , but sure . "  Then she asked if I mind that there would be a parade passing right outside my door . Turns out the place is 28 steps -- I counted -- away from the bun towers . "  I found myself in the heart of this crazy unique bun festival . It was one of the most memorable days and I had no idea what I was in for . " Mui Wo For his stay in Lantau Island 's Mui Wo , trying to find the place was half the fun . "  The directions the host gave me were I forget how many turns and bridges and watch out for this building and that one . It was all these hand-drawn things . "  I 'm amazed that all these things are just a ferry ride from Central and they retain their character so well . " The home he stayed in was a refurbished cowshed . "  I look for neighborhoods that I 've never been to as well as anything that just looks interesting -- good interesting or bad interesting . "  I was the last person to stay at the cowshed before they began renovating the place . I hope they keep the ceiling . " Discovery Bay When Lynch 's daughter came to visit he wanted to find a special place to stay . A 60-foot yacht in a luxury marina in Discovery Bay fit the bill . "  The boat was incredible , " says Lynch . "  There was a helper , four bedrooms , and because our flight into Hong Kong was delayed we could n't enjoy the boat very much on our original stay , so the host gave us another free night to make up for it . " Sea Ranch This residential development on the south end of Lantau Island is only accessible by boat and foot . "  In the 1970s it was a happening place , but it has gone through various bankruptcies and now there are few people living there . "  It has its own private ferry service from Cheung Chau Island . "  I rode that ferry four times and each time there was no more than three people on it and no one talked to each other . It was creepy . "	To get out of the ` expat bubble , ' American Kevin Lynch stays only in AirBnbs when in Hong Kong From a hidden ceiling bed to a renovated cowshed , Lynch is impressed with the diversity of Hong Kong accommodations
CNN  -- At least 18 people were killed Saturday when chaos broke out at a music festival in Duisburg , Germany , police said . The panic at "  Love Parade 2010 " left "  many " injured , according to police , who declined to give a specific number because many of those injured were taken to hospitals around the country , including some who had to be airlifted . Carsten Lueb of CNN affiliate NTV said that the number of injured was possibly into the hundreds . German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a statement offering her condolences to the victims ' families , saying "  my sadness and empathy goes out to them . " "  The young people came to celebrate ; instead people were killed and injured , " the statement said . "  I am distraught and sad in the face of the suffering and pain . " Lueb told CNN that some 1.4 million people showed up at the popular festival , which features dozens of DJs spinning techno music for hours . Organizers expected only 700,000 to 800,000 attendees , so they opened an additional event site to accommodate more people . The deadly crush happened in an underpass between the main event site and the expansion area . Witnesses told NTV that people pushed into the tunnel from both sides until it was dangerously overcrowded . The panic began as festival-goers began to lose consciousness as they were crushed against the walls and each other . After the panic , a line of emergency vehicles , including helicopters , could be seen parked on the highway leading to the festival site , carrying away people injured in the crush . The festival itself , however , went on . Police were afraid that ending the music altogether could cause further unrest among the massive crowd . Witnesses also told NTV that police were warned at least an hour before the incident that the underpass was becoming dangerously crowded . NTV reported that there were 1,400 police officers on hand to monitor the event . The festival was supposed to take place from 2 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  to midnight . By the evening , the entrance and adjacent roadway remained closed . Thousands inside the venue continued dancing , but many could be seen leaving the area . The Love Parade was first held in the German capital , Berlin , in 1989 . CNN 's Claudia Otto and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Many " injured , including some who were airlifted to hospitals around the country Chancellor Angela Merkel "  distraught " over the incident Crush happened in a tunnel area after it became overcrowded The number of festival-goers far exceeded original estimates of attendees
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and other world leaders are set to address a host of pressing economic and military security issues this weekend as the United States hosts a high stakes Group of Eight summit outside Washington and a NATO summit in Chicago . A user 's guide to the Chicago NATO summit The three-day diplomatic marathon kicked off Friday morning with remarks by Obama on the rising concern over global food security . Obama outlined a new international effort to address hunger in Africa and elsewhere , calling it a moral , economic and security imperative . The failure to adequately address the issue is "  an affront to who we are , " he declared . Obama also met at the White House on Friday with new French President Francois Hollande , who was elected on a platform opposing increasingly unpopular eurozone austerity measures . "  Much of our discussion centered on the situation in the eurozone , " Obama noted . "  President Hollande and I agree that this is an issue of extraordinary importance not only to the people of Europe but also to the world economy . " NATO invites Pakistan to Chicago summit Leaders of most of the G8 -- made up of the United States , France , the United Kingdom , Germany , Japan , Italy , Canada and Russia -- were meeting later Friday and Saturday at the Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland . Debate is expected to focus on whether an economically weakened , debt-laden Europe should continue down the road of austerity trumpeted by German Chancellor Angela Merkel or focus more on economic stimulus to help the continent grow its way out of the current crisis . Hanging over the deliberations is the fate of economically battered Greece , which has been unable to form a new elected government . Many analysts believe that Athens will be forced to exit the euro currency shortly , which could further rattle global economic confidence . "  Greece must stay in the eurozone , " Hollande insisted during his meeting with Obama . We all "  must do what we can to that effect . " The G8 leaders are also expected to discuss the standoff over Iran 's nuclear program and the bloody conflict in Syria , where at least 9,000 people have died over the past 14 months , according to United Nations estimates . In recent days , violence has spilled over into Lebanon and Turkey , where thousands of Syrians have fled . Russian President Vladimir Putin will not attend the G8 meeting , which makes significant progress on either Syria or Iran unlikely . Russia has been at odds with the United States and other G8 countries over exactly how hard to crack down on Damascus and Tehran . Later this weekend , the war in Afghanistan is expected to dominate discussions at the NATO summit . Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Zardari are both expected to attend the meeting . Opinion : Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit NATO leaders are currently on a timetable to withdraw all of the alliance 's combat troops from Afghanistan in 2014 . One of the key issues to be discussed in Chicago is who will pay to build up Afghan security forces during and after the NATO drawdown . Afghan national security forces should total around 350,000 by 2015 , according to CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . Karzai 's government can afford to cover only a fraction of the cost , which is expected to total roughly $ 4 billion annually after 2014 , Bergen notes . NATO 's post-Afghanistan future unclear Another issue is Islamabad 's continued blockade of much-needed NATO supplies over Pakistani roads to Afghanistan . Pakistan has kept its airspace open but closed its ground routes after the death of about two dozen Pakistani soldiers in November at the hands of NATO forces at a post on the Afghan-Pakistan border . NATO insists that the incident was an accident . Obama officials are also pushing for more Pakistani involvement in peace talks with the Taliban . Protests are expected near the sites of both the G8 and NATO summits this weekend . "  We expect the worst and hope for the best , " said Ross Rice , an official with the Chicago FBI . That "  is the way to characterize how the weekend plays out . " CNN 's Peter Bergen , Elise Labott and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	President Obama is hosting G8 and NATO summits this weekend Europe 's economic crisis , Iran and Syria are expected to top the G8 agenda NATO leaders will discuss the war in Afghanistan Protests are expected at both summits
CNN  -- It was a frigid June night at Pickstone Mine in Zimbabwe when 67-year-old Angela Campbell -- soaking wet , her arm broken and a gun to her head -- signed a document vowing to give up the fight for her family 's farm . Angela Campbell , 67 , was beaten and kidnapped days after Zimbabwe 's runoff election . The kidnappers demanding her signature at gunpoint were "  war veterans " from President Robert Mugabe 's heyday as a liberation hero , and they made it clear that her refusal would mean more beatings . Though Campbell signed the document , her son-in-law said she has no intention of giving up her battle ; Campbell 's family will be in Windhoek , Namibia , on Wednesday to present arguments to a Southern African Development Community tribunal . In pursuing the case , the Campbells and 77 fellow Zimbabwean farmers are risking theft , torture and death for what may be their only remaining chance to save the homes and farms so coveted by Mugabe and his loyalists . Mugabe blames the West for his nation 's soaring inflation and poverty . But analysts say Mugabe 's 2000 "  resettlement " policy , in which property was snatched from white farmers and redistributed to landless blacks , is more to blame for the country 's turmoil . Watch a report from the time of the Campbell attack " "  All I want to see is justice , " said Richard Etheredge , 72 , a white farmer who was evicted from his farm last month . "  The world can not carry on with criminals . " On June 15 , Etheredge , who has joined the case , and his family received word that a Zimbabwean senator planned to take over his Chegutu farm , a process known as "  jambanja . " "  We 're going to murder you if we catch you , " Etheredge recalls an assailant yelling from outside his son 's house two days later . The senator bused "  criminals " to his property , Etheredge said . Etheredge , his wife and one of his twin sons escaped , but the other twin and Etheredge 's daughter-in-law were later beaten , he said . Looters stole his computers , farm equipment , antiques , custom gun collection and a safe with billions in Zimbabwean currency  hundreds of thousands in U.S. dollars  . Etheredge said he watched the thieves abscond with his possessions in vehicles belonging to the senator . The looters also caused about $ 1 million in damage to his property , which includes three houses and a fruit-packing plant that was once among the most sophisticated in southern Africa . The Etheredges have been farming for 17 years and , before the attack , were producing 400,000 cartons of navel oranges and kumquats a year , he said . "  The destruction is absolutely incredible , " Etheredge said . Mugabe 's cronies visited the adjacent Mount Carmel farm about two weeks later , just days after Mugabe won a majority of votes in a runoff denounced as a "  sham " by the international community . Watch how violence persists after the election " Like the Etheredges , Mike and Angela Campbell were warned that Mugabe loyalists , members of his Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front , were planning to invade their farm . The government had given the 1,200-hectare  2,965-acre  tract to a Zanu-PF spokesman who also served as Mugabe 's biographer , according to the Campbells ' son-in-law , Ben Freeth . Two nuns went to Mount Carmel on June 26 , the day before the runoff , wanting to buy sweet potatoes , Freeth said . But their quest for tubers was a ruse ; they actually wanted to tell Freeth that Zanu-PF members were planning to raid the Campbell land , where the Campbells and Freeth and his wife , Laura , live . On June 29 , Freeth received a phone call : "  War veterans , " as the clans of pro-Mugabe thugs call themselves , were heading to his in-laws ' house . Laura and her brother , Bruce , gathered their children . Laura fled with the children through a fence on the northern boundary of Mount Carmel farm , Freeth said . Freeth jumped in his car and sped 1 1/2 kilometers to the Campbell house . "  These guys had already arrived , and they started shooting at me as soon as I drove through the gate , " he said . The bullets missed , but one of the war veterans hurled a rock through the driver 's side window , smashing Freeth 's right eye shut . "  They dragged me out of the vehicle and began beating me over the head with rifle butts , " Freeth said . The men tied up Freeth , he said , and took him to where his in-laws were lying bound on the gravel outside their home . Angela Campbell was still conscious . The men had caught her on her way to feed a calf . They had beaten her and broken her upper arm in two places , Freeth said . Mike Campbell was in bad shape , "  just groaning on the ground ; in fact , he remembers nothing . " The heavily armed men threw the three in the back of Mike Campbell 's Toyota Prado truck , and "  the next nine hours were quite a nightmare , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were driven about 50 kilometers  31 miles  to Pickstone Mine . Their captors stopped at a dairy farm on the way and killed a white farmer 's dogs , Freeth said . Night had fallen by the time they arrived at the mine to find about 60 men in Zanu-PF regalia waiting for them . "  They were pointing guns at us the whole time , telling us they were going to kill us , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were doused with cold water and left "  shivering in the dust on the ground , " Freeth said . They received more beatings , and Freeth said one of their captors thrashed the bottom of his feet with a shambock , a whip made of hippopotamus hide . It was during this time that their captors made Angela sign a document promising to drop the case scheduled this week before the tribunal . Mike Campbell moved in and out of consciousness , as Ben and Angela prayed -- not for their lives , but for their captors . Freeth said he had never understood Luke 6:28 -- "  Bless those who curse you " -- until that moment , and a "  supernatural " peace came over him . Freeth told God , "  If I 'm going to be with you today , then I 'm ready . " It was almost midnight when Freeth and the Campbells -- still bound -- were tossed in the back of the Prado . They bounced around the sport-utility vehicle as their captors drove 30 kilometers down a craggy dirt road to Kadoma , where they were dumped in the streets . "  I managed to walk toward a light and knocked on the door of a house and used the phone to phone my wife , " Freeth said . The Campbells were released from the hospital last week . Both remain weak and still bear considerable scrapes and bruises . Angela has a pin in her arm . Mike , 75 , suffered four broken ribs , a broken collarbone and a dislocated finger . Mike is recovering just enough to sit up , and "  he can walk a few paces , " Freeth said Monday , complaining that his hands were "  still tingly " from being bound so tightly . The hospital released Freeth at the weekend after neurosurgeons had to drill a 4-centimeter  1 1/2 - inch  hole in his skull to relieve pressure from a hematoma stemming from the rock and rifle-butt blows to the head . One thing not battered is the farmers ' resolve to remain on the land that the Campbells have owned for 34 years . "  We intend to be there on Wednesday , and we just hope for an outcome that is good for everyone , an outcome for justice , " Freeth said of the hearing , which is slated to last through Friday . Freeth said he believes that the tribunal will carry more clout with Mugabe than do Western nations and the African and European unions . Many of its member nations are led by Mugabe 's contemporaries , and Mugabe is aware that his status as an African hero is waning , he said . "  I think it means a lot to him whether SADC is going to isolate him or continue to support him , " Freeth said . "  Once we get to the SADC tribunal and we get a judgment and it 's basically binding in black and white , it 's going to be difficult for Mugabe to say , ` We 're abiding by our own law . ' It 's going to be very difficult for him to defend what he 's doing . "	Farmers kidnapped , beaten days after election for challenging land confiscation Dozens of farmers appeal to 14-nation tribunal for relief from Zimbabwe land grabs Ben Freeth recalls being beaten with a shambock , a whip made of hippo hide Mike and Angela Campbell -- 75 and 67 -- still recovering from June beating
That Vladimir Putin , he 's a baaad man . The muscle-bound Russian President rides horses while shirtless . He catches massive fish and gives them a kiss . He tranquilizes tigers . He also is apparently pretty good on the mat . Putin , 62 , has been awarded a karate black belt , the Russian Kyokushin-kan Karate-do Federation said Friday . In a letter to Putin , the federation said the Kyokushin-kan International Honbu decided to award him an eighth-dan , or eighth-degree , black belt for his "  contribution in promoting Kyokushin-kan karate in Russia . " Putin , known also for his judo skills , had already been awarded a fifth-degree black belt in 2001 , according to the federation . Kyokushin-kan is a full contact form of karate in which no protective gear is worn and in which striking an opponent in the head with hands is not permitted . Putin in 2013 also received the highest rank in taekwondo , the ninth-dan ranking , giving him honorary grandmaster status , according to Russian state news agency Itar-Tass .	Russian-based federation says Vladimir Putin gets eighth-degree belt in Kyokushin-kan discipline Putin , 62 , is quite the sportsman and already has highest rank in taekwondo No protective gear is worn in Kyokushin-kan
CNN  -- Major international hotel chains are increasingly rolling out thousands of new rooms in Africa 's business hotspots , keen to expand their footprint on the continent 's burgeoning economies . From Lagos and Kigali to Nairobi and Johannesburg , the world 's best known hoteliers are targeting Africa 's growing urban centers to benefit from a rising number of business travelers and a huge undersupply in available rooms . "  There 's a growing demand in those capital cities because they are the centers of business , of government and of commerce -- all of which have hospitality needs , " says Patrick Fitzgibbon , senior vice president of development for Hilton Worldwide , Europe and Africa . "  We have a very bullish feel for these markets and we are very excited about the opportunity Africa presents , " he adds . "  I think that for the next 20 years we are going to have our hands full with opportunity . " ` World woken up to Africa ' Last month , the International Monetary Fund said that sub-Saharan Africa 's economy is expected to expand by 5.6 % in 2013 and 6.1 % next year , outpacing the global average of 3.3 % and 4 % in accordance . Andrew McLachlan , Carlson Rezidor Vice President for Africa and Indian Ocean Islands , says it is Africa 's potential to offset the sluggishness in more developed markets that 's appealing to global players . "  What has really happened is that post the economic crash in 2008/2009 , the rest of the world has really woken up to Africa , " says McLachlan . "  There 's been such good news coming out of Africa from a GDP growth point of view ; better telecommunications ; improved security ; political stability ; and improved airlift , " he adds . "  It 's really become a sort of new scramble back into Africa . " Read this : Drug makers eye Africa 's potential Meanwhile , international tourism arrivals in the continent grew by 6 % last year to reach a record 52 million , according to data by the World Tourism Organization . And whilst both international and intra-regional travel are on the up , partly thanks to Africa 's natural resources boom , a shortage of rooms is prompting hoteliers to turn their attention to a continent ignored for decades . Business travel According to a recent survey by Lagos-based consultancy W Hospitality Group , some 40,000 new rooms in 207 hotels are planned in the continent 's under-served cities , up almost one third compared to 2011 . Hilton , which operates nearly 11,000 rooms in 37 properties in Africa , says it has some 5,200 rooms and 17 hotels in the pipeline across the continent . Carlson Rezidor , which recently opened a Radisson Blu in Port Harcourt , its eighth hotel in Nigeria and 49th in the continent , is targeting 12 new hotel deals this year . French group Accor , owner of the Novotel and Ibis brands , has some 5,000 rooms in the pipeline , according to the W Hospitality survey . "  The vast majority of those hotels are business-oriented , " explains Trevor Ward , managing director of W Hospitality . "  If you look at where those hotel chains are primarily going , it 's the capital cities or the major commercial cities of Africa where the business traveler is going , " he adds . Yet , it 's not only the brands at the higher ends of the market that are keen to tap Africa 's promise . In late March , pan-African conglomerate Lonrho teamed up with Stelios Haji-Ioannou 's easyGroup to open their first Africa-based low budget hotel in Johannesburg 's central business district . Read this : Low-cost airline in Africa by easyJet founder Ewan Cameron , chief executive of Lonrho Hotels , says the company plans to roll out 50 easyHotel units by 2016 in the continent 's high-growth destinations to cater to the needs of African business travelers . "  What 's driving us is genuine trade and business in the continent , " explains Cameron . "  If you 're going to a city center like Nairobi , we want to be where the taxi rank is ; where the market is -- unlike the competition who want to be , if you like , in the beautiful parts of the city , " he adds . "  We will sacrifice this for economic drivers -- we want the trade and we want to be where you want to do business . " ` Real challenges ' Still , international hoteliers have to overcome several infrastructure and logistics obstacles in their bid to plant their flags across the continent . Cameron says hotels often have to be self-sustained , depending on satellite connectivity for fast wi-fi and generators for back up power , as well as having to provide their own clean water . "  These are real challenges for us today , " he says . Analysts also say that companies can face big delays during the construction process due to poor workmanship and a shortage of professional skills . Bureaucracy and corruption can often be a problem too , especially when it comes to importing materials that are not available locally . Quick returns Yet , despite these hurdles , hotel groups remain very positive about their future in Africa as the continued rise in demand and undersupply in hotel rooms offer strong occupancy rates and high profitability margins in short periods of time . "  These challenges we face , we quickly forget about them the day the hotel opens , " says McLachlan . "  Normally , we would say the hotel takes 1,000 days from the day it opens to stabilize but in a lot of these African markets it can take a couple of months to stabilize because of the high demand for hotels . " Fitzgibbon agrees . "  It 's fascinating when you look at the change and opportunity on the continent and just what it represents , " he says .	International hotel groups plan 40,000 rooms across Africa , according to a survey Demand is driven by growing numbers of business travelers and lack of rooms Hoteliers ' focus is concentrated on Africa 's capital cities and major commercial centers Developers face several challenges in the form of bureaucracy , corruption and infrastructure
EW.com  -- Things we know Gotye does n't like : cardboard boxes , dinkiness , and "  Glee 's " version of his # 1 single "  Somebody That I Used to Know . " The Belgian-born Australian artist criticized Darren Criss and Matt Bomer 's cover of the runaway hit , telling the Sunday Herald Sun that the show "  made it sound dinky and wrong . " "  They did such a faithful arrangement of the instrumentals , " the singer admitted . "  But the vocals were that pop ` Glee style , ' ultra-dry , sounded pretty tuned . " "  And the rock has no real sense , " he continued . "  Like it 's playing to you from a cardboard box . " Perhaps not coincidentally , the Gotye song reached the top of Billboard 's Hot 100 in its fifteenth week on the charts -- which was the week directly following the "  Glee " episode .  Then again , he did appear as the musical guest on "  Saturday Night Live " that week as well  . The Glee version , meanwhile , debuted at 26 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at 10 on the Digital Songs chart . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gotye criticized "  Glee 's " cover of his single "  Somebody That I Used to Know . " He called Darren Criss and Matt Bomer 's cover "  pop ` Glee style , ' ultra-dry , sounded pretty tuned " Gotye : "  And the rock has no real sense , like it 's playing to you from a cardboard box "
CNN  -- Professor Peter Furth has ridden his bicycle to work at Northeastern University each day for the past six years . The two-mile trip through the Boston suburb of Brookline , Massachusetts , is usually without incident . Furth 's journey is worlds apart from his former Boston commute , which for 13 years was a battle with drivers who wanted him on the sidewalk . "  I 've had motorists that drive a couple of inches from my elbow , trying to scare me , " he said . Furth would catch up with drivers at stoplights and ask them whether they knew how close they 'd come to hitting him . Invariably , they would say , "  Yes , move over . " It 's a cultural thing , he said . In the town of Cambridge , motorists see bicyclists all over the place and are considerate . In Brookline , only every now and then does someone honk or yell . In the southern part of Boston , it 's not quite war , but the relationship is n't very friendly . Although the street signs say "  Share the road , " there 's still a long road to travel before that sign reflects the reality , bicyclists say . Motorists often see bands of bikes on the streets on the final Fridays of each month as cyclists across the nation gather for evening group rides called Critical Mass. . The purpose , advocates say , is to make cars and trucks more aware of bicyclists . But to some drivers , Critical Mass participants are nothing more than spandex-wearing , stop-sign-running Lance Armstrong wannabes who slow traffic . ` They think they own the road ' It 's somewhat symbolic of the tension on the roads . "  The roads were made for cars , " KTAR-FM radio guest host John Hook said in Phoenix , Arizona , last month . "  And bicyclists share the road , but sometimes they think they own the road . " One caller to the program was a long-haul truck driver who accused many bicycle riders of failing to respect the law and not riding with the flow of traffic . A caller who identified himself as Jeff said he witnessed an incident in which a pack of bicyclists almost hit a car that had the right of way . Then the riders screamed at the motorist . "  I actually think the bikes are more disrespectful to the cars than the cars are to the bike , " Jeff said . The number of cyclists is increasing . Although bike sales took a dip during the recession of 2009 , more than 18 million were sold each year for the seven previous years , according to the National Sporting Goods Association . About 27 percent of adults in the United States bike at least once a summer , according a survey released in 2008 by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Most bicyclists ride for recreation or exercise , while a small percentage ride to work . In Portland , Oregon , which is ranked second on Bicycling magazine 's list of Top 50 Bike Friendly Cities , more than 6 percent of residents commute by bike to work . That 's up from 1 percent two decades ago . See a map of the top 10 bike-friendly cities Things are looking up , at least in the eyes of cyclists . Many cities are putting in bike lanes and paths . Google adds bike routes to maps More than $ 730 million in federal stimulus funds has been allocated for bike and pedestrian projects , according to AmericaBikes.org . Washington is getting into the act . U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood drew cheers from the cycling world in March when he blogged that the administration was "  integrating the needs of bicyclists in federally-funded road projects " and advising state departments of transportation to treat biking and walking "  as equals with other transportation modes . " That drew an outcry from industry , which saw the new policy as taking money away from large transportation construction needs . "  Treating bicycles and other non-motorized transportation as equal to motorized transportation would cause an economic catastrophe , " Carter Wood , a senior adviser at the National Association of Manufacturers , told The New York Times . "  If put it into effect , the policy would more than undermine any effort the Obama administration has made toward jobs . You ca n't have jobs without the efficient movement of freight . " Five blocks of controversy Michael Ritchey is an avid biker and believes that bike lanes are good idea . He just thinks the project to add them to a five-block stretch of Hillsborough Street in Raleigh , North Carolina , is folly -- and dangerous . Hillsborough Street is one of the main arteries in Raleigh and borders the northern part of North Carolina State University and its 30,000 students . There are bars and shops and small restaurants . And lots of cars . The city , working with the state , has decided to redo the four-lane road , and when the project is done , there will be two lanes for cars , a center median and bike lanes on each side . Ritchey , who owns Global Village Organic Coffee and is a weekend cyclist , fears that bikers will get hurt . "  They are putting -LSB- the bike lanes -RSB- in the wrong place , " he said . "  It 's more of a symbolic gesture . " And it does n't help that the relationship between cars and bicyclists in the city is "  antagonistic at best , " he said . Ritchey is worried that distracted college students wo n't be on the lookout for bikers and someone will get hurt when a car door opens at the wrong time or someone texting will have an accident  he 's seen that twice with cars  . He said one of his business neighbors opposes the projects because he fears that he will lose parking spaces in front of the bar . City councilwoman Nancy McFarlane points out that the bikers are already there on Hillsborough and other in-town streets , and the city of 348,000 is growing quickly . Many people are moving into the downtown area , and last year , the city revised its comprehensive plan . "  The old one was all about the car , and we want to become a multimodal city , " she said . "  That includes bikes , buses and light rail . " Steve Waters is one resident in favor of bike lanes . The freelance programmer works at home and uses his bike for short errands . He said that although some Hillsborough Street business owners might be concerned about losing money because of less car traffic , the opposite is likely to happen . "  It enhances the local economy , " he said . "  It 's all about creating options . " Bicycling.com : The best road bikes of 2010 Not every street should get a bike lane Although opponents say the money is better spent on other road projects , cycling advocates say the lanes are needed to make the roads safer and less congested . Denver , Colorado , is ranked 12th on Bicycling magazine 's list . The city has little room for new roads , municipal bike planner Emily Kreisa said . She said Denver is interested in using bicycles to eliminate congestion and to help the environment , but they do n't just add a bike lane anywhere . Bicycling.com : Five cities to watch "  We look at the traffic volume , the turning issues and how much room we have in the right of way , " she said . "  In choosing any kind of -LSB- project -RSB- , the first thing is what is the connection to the system , then what is the characteristic of the road and then how do we need to provide for the cyclist . " Denver received $ 250,000 of stimulus money for cycling projects and is going to add 11 miles of bike lanes . The city is using its own funds to paint sharrows  painted bike symbols on the asphalt with arrows showing cyclists the way  to connect the roads of the network . Kreisa , who bikes 10 miles to work , says Denver is by far the easiest place she has commuted on two wheels . "  I 've had one person honk at me and one person tell me to move over to the right , " she said of her two years in the city . "  There are a lot of active people here who are also cyclists . "	Number of U.S. bicyclists is increasing , according to government study More than $ 700 million in stimulus funds is being used for bike and pedestrian projects Critics question project in North Carolina that would add bike lanes to busy street Cities should choose wisely where to add lanes , paths , expert says
CNN  -- Helena Morrissey has seen a shift in the mindset of business leaders . Previously the idea of more women in the workplace was dismissed as "  political correctness , " but now she says the same people are asking how they can get the best candidates for the job . As CEO of Newton Investment Management , Morrissey oversees around $ 50bn of funds under management and almost 400 employees . She 's also one of the few female CEOs in the City of London . The mother-of-nine says being passed over for a promotion after having her first child was "  an eye opener , " when bosses doubted her commitment . She now spearheads the 30 % Club , campaigning for greater female representation at the top of British companies . "  If you look at the state we are in , the financial crisis , there is a strong argument that there is an identikit culture in lots of boardrooms ; white , mostly men , same sort of age , " Morrissey says . Charlotte Beers : Women must lead on their own terms Currently only around one in 10 board members in Europe 's top companies are women . The figure is slightly better in Britain , where almost 15 % of all FTSE 100 boards are now female . But British Prime Minister David Cameron says the country 's economy is being held back by too few women in the key roles . At a summit in Sweden on Thursday , Cameron said evidence showed there 's a positive link between women in leadership and business performance . This can be seen with Burberry -- which leads the FTSE 100 pack with three out of eight members of the company 's board being female -- where despite the UK 's retail downturn , the group recently reported strong sales . Luxury goods stay on trend "  If you want to change the way business decisions are made and ultimately how shareholders receive returns , you need the best person for the job , " says Morrissey . "  Or a different sort of person than there was in the past . " Several European countries are adopting quotas for the number of women in the boardroom . Cameron says he 's looking to countries such as Norway , which has spearheaded change in the boardroom , and has already reached its 40 % mandate . But Morrissey objects to the idea of set quotas , saying it is demeaning to women . "  It suggests it 's a numbers game and not about getting business results , " she says . Some businesses are setting their own goals , such as France Telecom Orange , which aims to have the same proportion of women on its boards as it has working in the company . "  I see this  as a  concerted effort , led by business , supported by government , " says Morrissey . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report	Helena Morrissey is one of the few female CEOs in the City of London and heads the 30 % Club The 30 % Club campaigns for greater female representation at top UK companies Currently only around one in 10 board members in Europe 's top companies are women
From futuristic Google Glass headsets to smart watches like Samsung 's Galaxy Gear , wearable gadgets are billed as the next big thing in technology . But China 's tech counterfeiters -- notorious for having a nose for what 's hot and what 's not -- appear for now at least to be giving wearable technology the cold shoulder in what one expert calls a "  serious warning signal " for market players . CNN reporters approached wholesale companies and retailers at one of China 's biggest electronics trading districts to learn how the "  knock-off " business works . "  There are no copies for sale . Only originals , " said the managing director of wholesale company that specializes in mobile electronic devices in Shenzhen , a factory town in China 's southern Pearl River Delta region . "  Maybe we 'll have them  fakes  in a few months . I do n't know , interest is low . " China 's thriving market for counterfeit electronic goods has been a headache for global hi-tech firms including Apple , HTC and Samsung , as illegal cut-price copies of much sought after products eat into their profits . But , one might argue , if there is one thing worse than being copied , that is to be ignored . And that seems to be the case with Samsung 's new Galaxy Gear smart watch -- one of the first wearable devices to be made commercially available and as such an indicator for the emerging category . A visit to the shops of Shenzhen 's Huaqiangbei commercial district -- a tightly packed group of malls surrounded by high rises that form the epicenter of China 's trade in electronic knock-offs -- suggests demand for Samsung 's smart watch is ice-cold . "  You wo n't find any copies of the smart watch here . I 've never seen or heard of any , " said a young man who was busy shipping off boxes , that he said were filled with counterfeit mobile phones , at a local logistics center . "  Thinking about it , I 've never even seen anyone wear one , " he added . The launch of Samsung 's Gear seemed like something of a victory against its big rival Apple , which is rumored to be launching its iWatch sometime this year , but the device was conspicuous by its absence in Huaqiangbei 's market halls , logistic companies and workshops . "  I 've never seen a knock-off Gear in this whole town , " said a young woman working in a shop full of Samsung products . Her shop is one of the few outlets that sell the real Gear but she said "  they do n't sell well . " " -LSB- Counterfeiters -RSB- do n't care about the Gear as consumer demand is too weak , " said another shop assistant in his early twenties , who was selling a number of what he said were real Samsung products , but not the smart watch . "  We do n't sell it anymore . It was not popular . " Priced at around $ 300 , Chinese consumers find Samsung 's new gadget too expensive , he added . Out of 20 shops visited by CNN , not one sold fake Samsung Gear smart watches and none could offer leads on where to find copies . All these 20 shops sold the smart watch , out of hundreds perhaps thousands , of market booths that did n't sell Samsung 's Gear . However , many of the same shops openly promoted copies of Apple 's latest iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy Note III -- models also launched in September -- suggesting the counterfeiters are quick to copy if they see market potential . Warning signal The lack of copy versions of the Gear is a "  serious warning signal , " according to Alf Rehn , a management professor at the Åbo Akademi University in Finland , who has spent years studying the global piracy phenomena . "  Piracy is all about benefiting from buzz -- create something good enough that looks like the real deal , and make money off those who are not willing or able to pay for the authentic item but who still want to be ` with it . ' "  Without the buzz , there 's no need for the counterfeit , and it seems like Samsung 's smart watch has n't quite gotten the buzz going . "  This does n't mean that the Galaxy smart watch is a complete bust , rather that it primarily speaks to a small group of gadget enthusiasts who will pay to get the real deal , rather than to the mass market . "  So this is n't necessarily a disaster for Samsung , but definitively a serious warning signal as the Shenzhen crowd is the bellwether for electronics consumption . " It 's not uncommon for top-selling products to be on the market before launch of the original ; there were pirated iPhone-lookalikes on the market months before the first iPhone launched , Rehn added . Likewise , unpopular products are unceremoniously dropped by pirates who simply can not afford to get stuck with the inventory ; there are stories about how new Nokia models basically were discontinued by counterfeiters before the genuine article even made it to market , according to Rehn . "  This is a warp-speed market economy , where every product faces an ` up or out ' decision on a daily basis . Competition is brutal , " he added . In an email to CNN , Samsung said that Galaxy Gear received "  positive consumer feedback globally " and that 800,000 units were sold in the first two months after its release . However , Samsung 's head of Open Innovation Center , David Eun , told a conference in November that the Gear is still a "  small green tomato " that has not yet matured into something special . China 's pirate community seems to agree .	Wearable gadgets like smart watches are billed as the next big thing in technology However , China 's tech counterfeiters appear to shun the category Business expert Alf Rehn says this is a warning signal for market players "  Knock offs " act as bellwether for electronics consumption , he says
CNN  -- Two coal miners lost their lives inside a mine in Boone County , West Virginia , a U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration spokeswoman told CNN on Tuesday . A coal or rock outburst occurred Monday night at the Brody Mine No. 1 , owned by Brody Mining LLC , MSHA spokeswoman Amy Louviere said . The two miners -- a continuous mining machine operator and a roof bolting machine operator -- were fatally injured , she said . The West Virginia Department of Commerce identified the victims as Eric D. Legg , 48 , and Gary P. Hensley , 46 . Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin expressed his condolences and asked for "  all West Virginians to continue praying for them during this very difficult time for our mining community . " The root cause of the accident was not immediately known and is under investigation . Brody Mine No. 1 has been cited in the past for safety violations . Last year , MSHA issued 514 citations , orders and safeguards to Brody Mine , Louviere said . There was a "  pattern of violations " and repeated failure to meet mandatory safety standards at the mine , according to an October 2013 letter from the MSHA to the mining company . "  These groups of violations , taken alone or together , constitute a pattern of violations of mandatory health and safety standards in the coal or other mine which are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards , " the MSHA report stated . Brody Mine was placed on what 's known as POV , or pattern of violations , status . Under that program , each time the mine received a significant and substantial violation of MSHA 's mandatory standards , MSHA issued a withdrawal order and evacuated the part of the mine affected by the violation , according to Louviere . The spokeswoman said that Brody Mine received 69 withdrawal orders under the POV provision , among other closure orders . West Virginia was the site of one of the worst mining disasters in recent memory . In 2010 , 29 miners were killed in an explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine in Naoma . More on U.S. mine disasters	NEW : The root cause of the accident is not clear NEW : Miners are identified as Eric D. Legg , 48 , and Gary P. Hensley , 46 The Brody No. 1 mine was cited for safety violations in the past
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic began his quest for a fourth title at the Dubai Tennis Championships with a straight forward victory over fellow Serbian Victor Troicki . The 25-year-old won three consecutive titles in Dubai between 2009 and 2011 before 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer triumphed last year . Djokovic , who won the first major of the year at the Australian Open in January , is playing in his first ATP Tour event as he looks to maintain his unbeaten start to the season . His victory in Melbourne raised the prospect that Djokovic , who has won five of the last nine grand slam titles , could complete a clean sweep of the majors for the first time since Rod Laver in 1969 . Asked whether he could go on another run like the one at the start of the 2011 season that saw him unbeaten for 43 matches he said in an on-court interview : "  Yes I am definitely am  on a streak  . "  But I am not thinking about it or trying to better the one I had in 2011 , because it 's really hard to ask from myself something which may be impossible . "  But knowing that I have done it gives me that mental edge and confidence I need in to approach every tournament with self-belief . " Djokovic enjoys an impressive record over Troicki , losing just once in their last 13 encounters , and broke his opponent 's first service game to set the tone for the match . Though the world No. 44 put up a better fight in the second set , Djokovic rarely looked in any danger as he wrapped up the match in just over an hour . "  Because I have not played for a while I was extremely focused and committed to starting well , " Djokovic added . "  I played really , really well in the first set . I read his serve well , and I was aggressive in the court . So altogether I am satisfied with my performance and I hope I can continue . " Elsewhere , the No. 4 seed Juan Martin del Potro was forced to save three match points during a hard fought 4-6 6-4 7-6 victory over Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis . The Argentinean , who won the 14th ATP title of his career in Rotterdam recently , came close to losing the contest at 4-5 in the deciding set but battled back to take it on a tiebreak . He 's a great player , " del Potro told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  He fights like me every point , and we had fantastic rallies . I 'm so glad to beat him tonight in Dubai . "  I played fantastic forehands to keep playing this match . Then in the end , of course , you need a little bit of luck to win these kinds of matches , and I think I played solid on important points in the third . " Tomas Berdych , the No. 3 seed , had no such problems as he accounted for American wild card Rajeev Ram 6-1 6-3 in less than an hour . The 27-year-old was runner up to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at last week 's Marseille Open , despite having a match point . He made the Dubai semis in 2011 , losing to Djokovic . Nikolay Davydenko edged past the No. 6 seed , Janko Tipsarevic of Serbia . The Russian , who is retiring at the end of this year , triumphed 6-0 7-5 . There were also victories on Thursday for Marcel Granollers , of Spain , Romania 's Victor Hanescu , Tobias Kamke , from Germany and Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic into the second round of the Dubai Tennis Championships Djokovic defeats fellow Serbian Victor Troicki 6-1 6-4 in just over an hour The 25-year-old won three consecutive titles in Dubai between 2009 and 2011 Juan Martin del Potro saves three match points in victory over Marcos Baghdatis
CNN  -- The 6-month-old girl whose parents created a "  bucket list " blog for their daughter after doctors said she would not live past age 2 died Monday , her father said . Avery Lynn Canahuati , who was born in November with spinal muscular atrophy type 1 , died of pulmonary complications related to the genetic disorder , Mike Canahuati said on the blog Tuesday . "  In short , one of her lungs collapsed and she went into cardiac arrest , " said Canahuati , 31 , of Bellaire , Texas . "  I immediately performed CPR on her and was able to bring her back to life , but only for a brief period of time before she passed away shortly after arriving at the hospital . "  Avery 's passing this quickly came as a complete shock to all of us , as she had just been given a thumbs up at her last doctors appointment only three days ago , " her father wrote Tuesday . "  While we were aware of the severity of her diagnosis , we never lost hope for Avery and even in her passing , we still have hope for our daughter and all of her friends . " The infant 's parents had written the blog as though Avery would make it past age 2 and experience life 's milestones as a healthy girl . Canahuati wrote Monday that there were two items he could now scratch off Avery 's "  bucket list " : 1 . Not let SMA take my smile away . 2 . Take one last breath , then take one more before I go to live with my Uncle Bryant , Nana Carolyn , Papa George and all my great-grandparents . He published the last photo the parents took of Avery , which he said showed her "  sitting on her mommy 's lap looking at me and all it took to get her to smile this big was for me to keep saying ` Hi . ' " The blog began as an efficient way to keep family and close friends in touch about their baby 's health . But when the father came upon the idea of writing a "  bucket list " for his Avery -- a list of things to do before death , normally drafted for adults -- his blog went viral and now has 2.4 million page views . The "  bucket list " is so sensitively penned that many of his readers are convinced that it 's mom , not dad , typing the entries , he said . "  A lot of people , when they post on there , they say , ` you and your husband . ' They obviously assume Laura is writing it , " he said . The bucket list 's entries are lighthearted , humorous and decidedly hopeful , though Avery had the worst order of an incurable disease caused by a genetic defect that attacks the muscles , especially the respiratory system . Only type 0 is worse , but that usually occurs with fetuses , the couple said . One in 6,000 babies is born with one of four types of SMA , according to the Canahuatis , whose daughter was diagnosed on Good Friday . One in 40 people is a carrier of the gene , and the Canahuatis had a one in 1,600 chance of both being carriers -- which they believe they are , the couple said . Writing in the first person as if his daughter were the author , Canahuati created new bucket list entries during the week on the family 's averycan.blogspot.com website or their "  Avery 's Bucket List " Facebook page . They included : 1 . Wake up smiling . 2 . Have a bad hair day . 3 . Ride in an ambulance . 4 . Get picked up by a fireman . 5 . Meet a fan . 6 . Talk to mommy & daddy . 7 . Eat a cupcake & a Blow Pop . 8 . Play with Play-Dough . 9 . Play a practical joke on someone . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	"  Avery 's passing this quickly came as a complete shock to all of us , " her dad writes Doctors told her parents she would not live past 2 A blog created by her parents includes a "  bucket list " for Avery Avery 's blog went viral , drawing millions of page views
CNN  -- Egyptians disillusioned with their president began protests demanding he step down on the one-year anniversary of his swearing-in ceremony . Less than a week later , Mohamed Morsy was removed from power with the help of the military , putting Egypt on course for more pain . Morsy still has support and his Muslim Brotherhood group is likely to still have an important role in Egypt 's future . Even prominent reform figures say the Brotherhood should be part of Egypt 's future . But the fallout from Morsy 's removal will be felt across the region , and Jane Kinninmont warned that some of the nations that cheered Morsy 's downfall may change their view if it sparks people-power protests at home . Morsy was elected president of Egypt in 2012 but went on to push a pro-Islamist agenda that angered opposition liberals , Frida Ghitis said . Mohammed Ayoob , writing on CNN.com , argued Morsy 's greatest mistakes were too much -- not too little -- accommodation of political opponents and not reining in the military 's autonomy . He says some disillusioned Islamists will now likely resort to arms . Before the protests began , CNN contributor Cynthia Schneider warned of the coming second revolution . Millions took part calling for an end to Morsy 's presidency countered by smaller -- but still large -- pro-Morsy rallies . Morsy was given two deadlines on Monday . The opposition gave him 24 hours to quit ; the military gave him 48 hours to "  meet the demands of the people . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman pointed out it 's hard to rule Egypt without the support of the military . And come the military 's Wednesday deadline , Morsy disappeared from view -- though he was still tweeting -- as his opponents camped out in Tahrir Square until a general announced on TV that Morsy was no longer in power . Huge cheers rang across the square . iReporters in Egypt explained their joy for the moment and their hopes for the future . The Muslim Brotherhood railed against the military 's involvement in ousting Morsy and demanded its supporters take to the streets . Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations , said Egyptians will now have to choose between secular or Islamic rule -- and that the decision will echo far beyond Egypt 's borders . In the immediate aftermath , world leaders from Iran to the United States reacted to events in Egypt and brushed up on their knowledge of the world 's newest leader , interim President Adly Mansour , who until Wednesday -- when the military suspended the constitution -- was head of the Supreme Constitutional Court .	Mohamed Morsy started the week as president ; ends it in custody Military used power to break Morsy 's rule after just 12 months Future is uncertain but decisions will be felt regionally and globally
CNN Student News  -- December 17 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Afghanistan • Pakistan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz , and this is CNN Student News , where Fridays are awesome ! This one , though , is a little sad , because it 's actually our last show of 2010 . Before we move ahead into 2011 , we 're going to look back at some of the biggest stories from this year . And we kick things off with today 's headlines . First Up : Capitol Hill AZUZ : First up , a quick check of where things stand with some high-profile proposals in Congress . The tax cut deal : Thursday afternoon , that was with the House of Representatives . Some Democrats were indicating that it would probably pass , despite being controversial . If that happens , everyone 's taxes will stay at this current rate , where they are right now , for the next two years . The Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or START , a new nuclear treaty between the U.S. and Russia . Treaties like this have to be approved by the U.S. Senate , and that group was getting ready to begin debating this proposal yesterday . Finally , Do n't Ask Do n't Tell , the policy that bans homosexuals from serving openly in the U.S. military . The House voted to overturn that ban on Wednesday . Now , Do n't Ask Do n't Tell heads to the Senate . Congress is scheduled to go on break starting tomorrow . You can get the latest details on all of these proposals at CNN.com . Strategy Review AZUZ : Over at the White House , there 's a new report about how the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan is going . This comes out once a year , and this year 's report seems to be fairly positive . And President Obama says the U.S. is making a lot of progress in the nine-year war in Afghanistan , although recent polls suggest that a growing number of Americans do not support the war . The president says the goals that have been set for that conflict are on track . That includes the plan to start pulling troops out of Afghanistan in 2011 . But the president acknowledged that the war is difficult . While U.S. and Afghan forces are making progress , he said those gains are fragile . The strategy report discussed the importance of a long-term commitment to helping that region of the world . Tribal Conference AZUZ : The president wants to improve the relationship between the federal government and Native American communities . He met with the leaders of 565 tribes at the White House conference yesterday to try and work on that . President Obama said he wants to get more input from the tribes about ways the U.S. government might be able to help them . That could include supporting education and health care on Native American reservations , for example , or making changes to the criminal justice system there . He says there 's been some progress , but there needs to be more . Wicked Weather AZUZ : A lot of people looking to take a flight Wednesday were delayed by these winter storms that have been pounding parts of the United States . It 's not even officially winter yet . You would n't know that by stepping outside , though . The National Weather Service put out winter storm warnings and advisories for more than a dozen states . Sandra Endo examines the impact of the cold . BEGIN VIDEO SANDRA ENDO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : This frozen water fountain in Raleigh , North Carolina is proof of just how cold it is in the South . Wicked winter weather sweeping across the deep South to the upper Plains , causing plenty of problems , especially on the roads . In Georgia , it took trucks , salt and sand to get this school bus carrying high school kids to budge after slick ice left it at a standstill for hours . Some Georgia drivers could n't keep their cars from moving after authorities say roads went from normal to an ice rink in just minutes . Some drivers were sent slipping and sliding . Pile-ups in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi have caused several deaths . Earlier this week , some states began bracing for the worst . In Tennessee , officials sprayed the road with beet juice and salt , their solution to combat the winter white stuff . But planes ca n't compete with the wintry mix . Air travel is being disrupted by mother nature 's chill . Several airlines are reporting cancellations and major delays . In Washington , I 'm Sandra Endo . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for our last Shoutout of 2010 ! Which of these events happened first ? You know what to do ! Was it the : A  Iceland volcano eruption , B  UK election , C  World Cup championship or D  Failed Times Square bomb plot ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Iceland volcano event happened first ; it erupted back in March . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Top 2010 Stories AZUZ : Those were just some of the major events that happened during the past 12 months . And now , we want you to fill in the blanks as we look back , in no particular order , at some of the other stories that dominated headlines in 2010 . A powerful earthquake devastates the Caribbean nation of __________ ANDERSON COOPER , CNN HOST , ANDERSON COOPER 360 ° : Finally , after being trapped for more than 18 hours , the men make a small hole and pull Bea out . She is alive . She is finally free . AZUZ : Stories of rescue and survival offered measures of hope in the middle of tragedy , after a powerful earthquake devastated the Caribbean nation of Haiti in January . An estimated 230,000 people were killed by the quake . Next question : An explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon leads to a __________ in the Gulf of Mexico . GOV. BOBBY JINDAL ,  R  LOUISIANA : We are literally in a war to fight , to protect our way of life . And anybody that doubts the impact of this oil , go to any one of a number of places . 140 miles of our coast have been oiled . Go and talk to those commercial fishermen . Go look them in the face . AZUZ : The blast aboard the Deepwater Horizon led to an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the worst oil spill in U.S. history . It dumped hundreds of millions of gallons into the Gulf and took a tremendous toll on the region and the people who live there . The last full U.S. combat brigade leaves __________ U.S. VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN : Operation Iraqi Freedom is over , but American engagement with Iraq will continue with the mission that begins today : Operation New Dawn . AZUZ : It was in August that the last U.S. combat brigade left Iraq . And meanwhile , thousands of additional U.S. troops were sent to Afghanistan as part of the strategy in the fight against the Taliban there . After months of primaries and rallies , Americans vote in the __________ elections on November 2nd . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : What yesterday also told us is that no one party will be able to dictate where we go from here ; that we must find common ground in order to set , in order to make progress on some uncommonly difficult challenges . AZUZ : The midterm elections were on November 2nd . Americans cast ballots in local , state and federal races . The results in Congress : Democrats held onto a slim majority in the U.S. Senate , while Republicans took over the majority in the U.S. House of Representatives . Despite the official end of the recession , the U.S. __________ continues to struggle . -LSB- NYSE CLOSING BELL -RSB- AZUZ : The U.S. economy continues to struggle despite emerging from the longest recession in American history since World War II . The stock market has made gains so far this year , but housing prices decreased and the national unemployment rate stayed above nine percent all year . Last one : 33 miners are rescued after being trapped underground for 69 days in this country . GROUP : Chi ! Le ! Chi Chi Chi ... Le Le Le ! Viva ! Viva Chile ! AZUZ : Raucous celebration , as 33 miners were rescued after being trapped underground 69 days in Chile . They were trapped by a cave-in at the mine in August . And more than two months later , one by one , all of them emerged back on the surface . Before We Go AZUZ : Now , we 're gon na have a little fun . We asked you to vote on your favorite type of Before We Go segment . The winning category : stunts ! We 're not saying no animals were involved . Getting a dog on a kneeboard is kind of a stunt in itself , but making him surf ? Seeing him hang 20 ? That 's a paws-ition worth repetition ! And how about this ? It 's a long shot , but , it 's also a long shot ! Nothin ' but net and rim and excessive celebration . Yes , two points ! Now , we do n't know how many takes this took to finally sink in . But this took only one . Forget pumpkin carve competition . This is pumpkin car recondition ! It came to us from Liveleak.com and it repeats , which makes watching it a really gourd time . You think insurance would cover that ? You think it would cover this ? Take one school bus , paint some flames on the hood , and add a jet engine . In this YouTube video , a tricked-out twinkie tears up the track at 300 miles per hour ! And it guarantees you 'll never be late for the bell . Goodbye AZUZ : Unless your ride gets pulled over by the police , in which case you 'd be totally bus-ted . All right , we wan na give a special Shoutout to Coach Adams , Mrs. Mazell and Mrs. Hood . Their students sent us an excellent Facebook video . You can see it at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Just scroll down to Fan Videos , and you 'll see what happens when Carl Azuz is comin ' to town ! All right , we at CNN Student News want to wish all of you a very Merry Christmas , a Happy Kwanzaa , a Happy New Year . We hope you have a wonderful break ; we 're looking forward to seeing you again on January 3rd , 2011 ! Thank you for being , what I often call , the best audience out there .	Learn the status of some high-profile proposals in Congress Examine the impact of icy conditions on the southeastern U.S. Look back at some of the most memorable stories from this year Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Loyalist paramilitaries are behind some of the violence seen in the past day in Northern Ireland , police said Saturday , as authorities appealed for calm ahead of more protests planned in Belfast . Twelve people -- including a 13-year-old boy -- were arrested during disorder in the Belfast area overnight Friday into Saturday , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said . Eight police officers were injured in the unrest , which followed days of violent outbreaks prompted by a decision Monday by Belfast city councilors to stop flying the Union flag year-round , restricting it instead to certain days . "  Police can now confirm loyalist paramilitaries are orchestrating some of the violence we have seen in the past 24 hours , " Assistant Chief Constable Will Kerr said in a statement . He appealed to anyone planning to protest in the city center Saturday to stay away and let people do their holiday shopping in peace . "  Violence has serious and unwanted consequences for us all , and we will robustly investigate all incidents , " he said . "  Today I am urging everyone to be calm , take a step back and think about how this violence is affecting not just their own communities but the whole of Northern Ireland . " Alliance party councillor Linda Cleland was among those those affected by the violence , when the windows of her car were smashed and several of the windows on her house broken . "  This violence must stop , " she said . "  There is no justification for the attack on my home or the homes and offices of my colleagues . " About 1,000 pro-British loyalists joined a peaceful protest outside the city hall Saturday afternoon . The latest disorder came hours after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Belfast as she wrapped up a European tour . Condemning the violence , she urged a continued commitment to peace during meetings with First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness in Belfast on Friday . "  There can be no place in Northern Ireland for any violence ; the remnants of the past must be quickly condemned , " she said . Clinton described the violence as "  a sad reminder , unfortunately , that -- despite how hardy the peace has been -- there are still those who not only would test it , but try to destroy it . " Both Robinson and McGuinness condemned the violence and appealed for calm . Four men were arrested Thursday after police investigating "  ongoing dissident Republican activity " found what they described as a homemade rocket when they stopped a car in the area of Londonderry . An unexploded letter bomb was also found in a mail box , police said . Buildings linked to the cross-community Alliance Party , which backed the Union flag 's removal , have also been targeted . The party said Friday that its sole lawmaker in the UK parliament at Westminster , Naomi Long , had received a death threat . The vote on the Union flag followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers injured . Just more than a month ago , a prison officer was killed in a suspected dissident IRA attack , the first such attack in years . In recent days , a number of suspected dissident IRA members have been arrested . The recent disorder follows more than a decade during which Northern Ireland has made steady progress toward lasting peace and stability . The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Journalist Peter Taggart reported from Belfast , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London .	NEW : Alliance party councillor Linda Cleland was among those those affected by the violence About 1,000 loyalist supporters rally in front of Belfast City Hall Senior police officer appeals for protesters to stay at home Tensions have mounted this week since city councilors voted against flying the Union flag
CNN  -- Northwest Airlines violated more than 1,000 Federal Aviation Administration safety directives , the U.S. Office of Special Counsel has found , substantiating complaints of an FAA whistleblower . Northwest , now merged with Delta Airlines , engaged in "  systemic non-compliance with FAA Airworthiness Directives , " the investigation concluded , referring to government rules designed to remedy an unsafe or potentially unsafe condition . "  Despite Northwest 's history of Airworthiness Directive non-compliance , " the Office of Special Counsel said , "  FAA inspectors continued to work collaboratively with Northwest to resolve deficiencies , and closing enforcement cases primarily by issuing letters of correction rather than seeking civil penalties . " Whistleblower Mark Lund of the FAA 's former Northwest inspection office in Bloomington , Minnesota , alleged that the carrier did not have adequate policies and procedures in place in 2008 to ensure compliance with safety regulations . "  The investigation substantiated Mr. Lund 's allegations , " wrote Associate Special Counsel William Reukauf in a letter to President Barack Obama . In response to the findings , FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt has established a review team to oversee the carrier 's compliance . The FAA also proposed disciplinary action against two Northwest managers . The FAA released a statement Thursday saying that the agency "  has taken corrective action on the issues identified in the whistleblower complaint and is continuing to monitor compliance . "	A federal investigation finds Northwest Airlines violated FAA safety directives The investigation by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel corroborates a whistleblower The whistleblower alleged the carrier did not have adequate policies and procedures
CNN  -- Palermo edged Inter Milan 4-3 in a thriller in Sicily , while Juventus opened their new stadium in style by defeating Parma 4-1 in Sunday 's Italian Serie A matches . A double from Fabrizio Milito and goals from and Abel Hernandez and Maurizio Pinilla gave Palermo a dream start to the season as Inter lost despite Diego Milito twice giving them the lead and Diego Forlan scoring on his debut . Meanwhile , in Turin , debutants Stephan Lichsteiner and Arturo Vidal , along with Simone Pepe and Claudio Marchisio , all found the net for Juventus , who conceded a late consolation penalty from Sebastian Giovinco . Elsewhere , new Roma coach Luis Enrique had a disastrous debut as his team lost 2-1 at home to Cagliari and finished with 10 men . Meanwhile , in the day 's two English Premier League matches , Nigerian striker Peter Odemwingie scored a third-minute opener -- but then missed a penalty -- as West Bromwich claimed their first win of the season with a 1-0 success at Norwich . In the other game , bottom side Blackburn earned their first point of the season , but Bobby Zamora 's well-taken equalizer gave hosts Fulham a 1-1 draw after a fine strike from Ruben Rochina had put Rovers ahead . In the German Bundesliga , both matches finished 2-1 , with two Timmy Simons penalties giving Nuremberg victory at Cologne . Meanwhile , Schalke missed out on the chance to claim a top three place when they let a 1-0 lead at Wolfsburg , for whom Mario Mandzukic scored twice . There were only seven goals scored in the five Spanish Primera Liga matches with Rayo Vallecano versus Real Zaragoza and Racing Santander against Levante both ending 0-0 . Ruben Castro 's late winner gave Real Betis a 1-0 success over Mallorca as the Seville-based club joined Real Madrid and Valencia on maximum points after two matches . Elsewhere , Osasuna beat Sporting Gijon 2-1 for their first win of the season while Espanyol defeated Athletic Bilbao by the same score .	Palermo beat Inter 4-3 and Juventus thump Parma 4-1 in Italy on Sunday West Brom get their first win in England while Blackburn remain bottom Real Betis make it two wins from two in Spain after a 1-0 win over Mallorca
CNN  -- Former Mexican President Felipe Calderon says he was several kilometers from the area where two explosions went off in Boston on Monday . "  We were watching the marathon a few kilometers from the finish line , " Calderon wrote in a Twitter post . "  My solidarity is with the victims of the explosions of today in Boston and with the American people that unjustly suffers these acts , " Calderon wrote . Moments earlier , the former president had congratulated Mexicans who participated in the race . Calderon , who governed Mexico from 2006 to 2012 , is spending this academic year as a fellow at Harvard University . What we know about the explosions , aftermath	Felipe Calderon expresses solidarity with victims , American people The former Mexican president says he was watching Monday 's marathon Calderon says he was several kilometers from the finish line where explosions went off
CNN  -- I was watching yet another annoying political ad produced by some super PAC of which I 've never heard , and all I could think was : "  Sheesh , it 's not even June , and I 'm already sick of this stuff . With five months to go until the election , I think a steady diet of this junk will drive me into a mental institution . " Me and about 200 million other Americans . Let 's face it -- the way we elect our presidents is seriously dysfunctional . The seemingly endless campaign season . The hectoring TV ads , the hundreds of millions of dollars poured into the system , the endless polling and pontificating . Contemplating this , all I can do is repeat the immortal words of Charlton Heston in "  Planet of the Apes " : "  God damn you all to hell ! " But there are ways to make the system better . If , that is , we have the will  and this is highly questionable  . I 'm no pundit ; heck , I 'm not even Joe the Plumber  think of me as Lew the Disgusted  , but I 'd like to offer a few suggestions on how to restore sanity to the process . 1 . Make the presidency a six-year , one-term-only gig . That gives anyone elected to the job plenty of time to actually accomplish something , while also guaranteeing that the second half of his or her term wo n't be spent running for re-election . What a concept . 2 . Start the campaign season after Labor Day . Most industrialized countries run political campaigns that are three months in length or less . Do they know something we do n't ? Or should I say , have you ever heard the term "  voter exhaustion ? " 3 . Publicly finance the election . Citizens United , up there with Plessy v. Ferguson  separate but equal  as one of the worst decisions in Supreme Court history , only made a bad system even worse , allowing more millions to pour into an already corrupt process . So give each contender a fixed amount of money , and tell them they can spent it any way they want , but that 's all they 'll have -- no private , corporate or PAC contributions at all . Let 'em whine . Who cares ? 4 . Ban negative ads . Believe it or not , Mexico does this . They have an independent commission deciding when a political ad goes over the line into negativity and falsehood . If they can do it South of the Border , why ca n't we ? 5 . Limit polling . It seems there 's a new poll every microsecond . What do they really tell us ? That people 's minds keep changing ? Stop the presses on that one ! Pass a law saying every news organization and polling organization can only do their thing , say , once a month . Eliminate the clutter . That 'll do for a start . But I can hear some of you saying "  this is a free country , yadda yadda , people can spend their money any way they want , yaddayadda , there 's such a thing as free speech in a democracy , yadda yadda yadda . " And besides , it 's all settled law , you say ; the court has ruled on Citizens United . Well , yes I know this . Things do n't change overnight . But here 's what else I know : Sometimes liberty becomes license . And that 's what 's happening in America today . Money has completely corrupted the system and helped create a situation where the U.S. , the most powerful country on Earth , has one of the lowest voter turnouts  lower than any country in Western Europe or Latin America , lower than most countries in North America  . You think disgust with the process has anything to do with this ? Think about that the next time the Rich Folks For Super PACs super PAC puts another misleading , demeaning and infuriating political ad on the tube . How about you ? What do you think we can do to improve the election process ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lewis Beale .	Lewis Beale says he 's sick of unending political ads , and we have five months to go He says the election system is dysfunctional , but it could be helped He says make presidency a single six-year term so that something gets done Beale : Ban negative ads , limit polling , spending ; at least it 's a start
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho insisted his team can still win Spain 's La Liga despite their humiliating 5-0 defeat to arch-rivals Barcelona in the Camp Nou on Monday night . Mourinho admitted Real had suffered a "  much deserved loss " in the first Clasico clash of the season , but claimed it was not a true reflection of the abilities of the two sides . "  It was n't an embarrassment , " the 47-year-old told a post-match press conference . "  It 's the biggest loss of my career but it 's an easy loss to swallow because it 's a loss in a game that you have no chance of winning . " " -LSB- There was -RSB- a team that played to its maximum potential and a team that played very poorly . It 's a much deserved loss , but again , it was an easy loss to swallow . " Five-star Barcelona thrash Real Madrid It was Mourinho 's first defeat since arriving at the Bernabeu and left reigning champions Barcelona two points clear of Los Blancos at the of the top of the standings . But with 25 matches still remaining in Spanish season , the Portuguese is still optimistic his team can hit back . "  The league championship will be decided a long time from now , " he said . "  After the match , I told the players that the league is n't over yet . We have to have mental fortitude . "  When you win important things , you have a reason to cry for joy and when someone scores five against you , you have to leave with an eagerness to play the next game . "  Barcelona is a finished product . Real Madrid , even though it has been playing well , is n't a finished product . But the result today was not indicative of the difference that exists between both teams . " The match had been billed as a clash between two of the world 's best and most evenly-matched teams , but Pep Guardiola 's men dominated in front of their home fans . They were 2-0 up inside 20 minutes through goals from Xavi and Pedro . A brace from David Villa and a late strike by substitute Jeffren completed the humiliation and Barca coach Guardiola could not have been more satisfied . "  How we did it , that makes us proud , " he told the club 's official website . "  Now just let us sit back and enjoy that win . " He singled out Argentina ace Lionel Messi , who emerged on top in his personal duel with Real 's fellow superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . "  Messi is the best of them all . In all aspects of his game he is just the best . " Mourinho will hope his team can bounce back in a difficult home fixture against fifth-placed Valencia on Saturday , while Barcelona travel to Osasuna on the same day .	Jose Mourinho refuses to write off his side 's chances of winning Spanish title His team were beaten 5-0 at the Camp Nou in his first defeat as Real Madrid coach Mourinho says his team played very poorly and "  deserved to lose " Barca coach Pep Guardiola hails Lionel Messi as the best player in the world
CNN  -- The letter Jacki Monaco wrote was fraught with emotion : "  Dear food , " it began . "  You have given me a reason to live , a cotton candy cloud to land on , a spaghetti pool to swim in , a sweet and sometimes sour pat on the back after long days . You have been my dearest friend and my most painful enemy . My love , my hate , my utter confusion . " It 's a letter Monaco still has , though she penned it nearly two years ago at a weight loss retreat . She reads it when she 's angry or upset and is starting to think , again , that food can fix whatever is bothering her . "  I was married to food for so long , " she said . "  That was the only relationship that mattered to me . Every food has its own story . " There 's the salad she ate for breakfast , lunch and dinner that tells the story of her summer of starvation . There 's the box of Golden Oreos that got her through the aftermath of her college roommate 's death . There 's the pizza she used to order from the restaurant across the street , the one she could eat by herself in under an hour , with a bowl of pasta on the side and a large piece of cake for dessert . "  Roller coaster " does n't even begin to describe Monaco 's struggle with her weight . It 's a struggle she 's learned to accept -- even embrace -- as an important part of her past . "  I do n't think people go through huge obstacles to amount to nothing , " she said . Freshman 15 At 5 feet 5 inches tall , Monaco kept active with sports in high school , and her weight hovered around 150 pounds . When she wanted to drop a few , she hit the gym with friends . It was fun , casual and never a major focus in her teenage years . In fall 2007 , she headed to Emmanuel College in Boston . The dreaded "  freshman 15 " crept up on her , and when she headed home for the summer , Monaco decided to fight the weight gain by counting calories . The first day , she ate sandwiches , pita chips and vegetables . But full , healthy meals soon turned into tiny salads . After a couple weeks , Monaco was limiting herself to only 800 calories a day .  Experts warn against eating less than 1,200 calories a day because it sends your body into starvation mode .  One day a week , she binged , allowing herself to eat whatever she wanted as a reward . One night after downing a hamburger , a chicken sandwich and some fries , she attempted to throw up her food for the first time . "  I was scared of having all those calories in my body , " she remembered . "  I did n't know what to do to get rid of them . " But bulimia did n't "  suit " her body , she said . "  I just wanted the act of eating . " iReporter shakes off 170 pounds Over the summer , Monaco lost more than 30 pounds . She got tons of compliments from her classmates , who could n't believe she 'd dropped so much weight in such a short amount of time . She weighed her 127-pound body daily and wrote down everything she ate . She even brought her own salad dressing to the dining hall to make sure she knew exactly how many calories she was consuming . Monaco ran four miles a day , six days a week , and spent an additional hour at the gym doing weights . "  It became an obsession , " she said . "  Did I do good today or bad today ? It was always all or nothing . " It was an odd time in her life . In between salads , she remembers sneaking to the grocery store to buy cake and then eating it in the bathroom of her dorm so her friends would n't see . "  I cared very much how other people thought of me . " A tragic accident On the morning of St. Patrick 's Day 2009 , Monaco got a call . Her roommate , who had spent the previous night in another room , was dead . "  It broke me , " Monaco said , refusing to talk about what happened even now . For days , she could n't eat . Then one afternoon she asked her boyfriend to pick up some Golden Oreos and a box of Toaster Strudels . The carbs comforted her . "  I thought , ` This helped . This feels good . I do n't have to think right now about what happened , ' " she said . She started using food to cope with her pain and then blaming herself for using food to cope -- although it 's unlikely she knew she was doing so at the time . She felt depressed and guilty , and food simply made her feel better . When her boyfriend of a year and half broke up with her shortly after her roommate 's death , she went to the grocery store and bought bags of chips and several boxes of crackers . In the months that followed , she forgot all about the lean proteins and vegetables that used to make up her diet . ' I could n't walk ' : Woman loses 276 pounds Monaco 's mom and dad were concerned about her but did n't realize food was becoming an issue , she says . Before her junior year , they moved her into a new apartment because she was nervous about sharing space with someone again . But living alone just enabled Monaco to binge without worrying about people looking over her shoulder . She started to ignore calls from friends and threw herself into her schoolwork . The day after she graduated college in May 2011 , Monaco stepped on the scale for the first time in years . Her legs trembled when she saw the number : 240 . She had gained more than 100 pounds in two years . She sat down at the kitchen table with her mom , and together they cried . A new balance Until DSM-5 -- the latest version of the psychiatric diagnostic manual -- was released this month , binge eating was n't an official eating disorder . Many who have it simply think they are gluttons who lack self-control , says Marsha Hudnall , a registered dietitian and co-owner of the Green Mountain at Fox Run weight loss retreat in Vermont . The disorder is characterized by frequent episodes of overeating in a short periods of time . People with the disorder feel out of control during binges and are often disgusted with themselves afterward . The usually eat alone because they 're uncomfortable consuming so much in front of others . It 's estimated that 3.5 % of women and 2 % of men in the United States have the disorder , but Hudnall says experts believe it 's "  extremely underdiagnosed . " Doctors used treat the disorder by putting patients on a diet . They now know "  that is absolutely the wrong thing to do , " Hudnall said . "  Many people who have binge-eating disorder , they 're eating food to cope with their feelings . If you try to take away food without giving them something else to cope , you 're stranding that person . And you make them feel guilty when they go back to the one strategy they know . " Monaco went to Green Mountain in the summer of 2011 . She chose the retreat because it focused on helping women have a healthy relationship with food rather than focusing solely on losing weight . The first priority at the retreat , Hudnall says , is to get patients to eat regular , small meals that are based on the government 's MyPlate guidelines . Many people who binge go long periods of time in between without eating to try to save calories , which can lead to more binge eating later on . The next step is therapy , where the patients learn other strategies for coping with their emotions . For Monaco , that meant writing . She purged her emotions into a journal and tried to forgive herself for using food to cope . She bonded with other women at the retreat who were all just "  trying to get to a happy place . " "  For the first time , I was not alone , " she remembered . "  I was not sitting alone in my car or in room somewhere or in a bathroom stall , eating . ... This place really acknowledged that we 're all real people with real problems . " Four weeks later , Monaco left with a better understanding of her disorder . She knew that she could n't go back to the same environment that had led her to this pain , so she packed up and moved cross-country to live near her brother in California . Learning to eat again : Man drops 130 pounds after surgery A happy place Monaco has n't had a binge in two years . Since leaving Green Mountain , she 's lost 70 pounds . She lives with her new boyfriend and another roommate , a significant step in her recovery . She no longer feels the urge to eat mass quantities of pasta ; food is fun now , though she still struggles with certain types . Pizza , for instance , scares her , since it was a binge eating trigger . "  It 's kind of like seeing an ex-boyfriend and not being sure how to handle that situation , " she explained . "  I get a whole slew of emotions that run through my body : I want to devour you . I need to stay away from you . I want you in my life . " She keeps healthy snacks like baby carrots and cottage cheese on hand but allows herself gummy bears when she wants them . She 's back at the gym but has made it into an activity she does with her boyfriend rather than an obsession . Monaco is also writing for Green Mountain 's blog , FitWoman.com , in hopes of reaching out to other women who are struggling . "  My goal is to just feel better , " she said . "  I 'm hoping that with this story and with my blog ... I 'm hoping that what I 've gone through is really going to make a difference in somebody else 's life . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Jacki Monaco was diagnosed with binge eating disorder in 2011 The disorder was officially added to the psychiatric diagnostic manual this year In two years , Monaco has lost 70 pounds and has n't binged once
CNN  -- Just when you thought South Korea had milked the global success of "  Gangnam Style " rapper Psy for every drop , along comes the unveiling of Seoul 's new tourist police force . The connection ? The officers ' uniforms were created by Korean fashion designer Kim Seo-ryong , who has made costumes for Psy . Naturally , "  Gangnam Style " was played as a group of Seoul police officers performed Psy 's famous horse-riding dance during the tourist police inauguration ceremony at Seoul 's Gwanghwamun Square on Wednesday . South Korea 's Tourism Board  KTO  says the government decided to launch the force , made up of 101 men and women , in response to the rising number of visitors to the capital . "  These tourist police officers will be patrolling major tourist areas in Seoul such as Myeong-dong , Insa-dong , Itaewon Tourist Special Zone and Hongdae , " said the official announcement . "  Aside from maintaining law and order and cracking down on overcharging merchants and taxi drivers , the officers will also be providing tourist assistance in English , Japanese and Chinese . " According to the Korea Tourism Organization , complaints from tourists involving shopping rose from 23.6 % of all complaints filed by foreign tourists in 2008 to 34.7 % last year , while overcharging by taxis and other transportation operators accounted for 15-20 % over the last five years , reported Korea 's Chosun.com . The tourism police are only on duty in Seoul at the moment , but will be expanded to other regions in the coming years . "  At the moment we do n't have enough personnel to expand the service to other regions but we are planning on hiring more officers , " says Ryou Hyun-cheol , director of foreign affairs planning division at the National Police Agency , in a Korea Times report . "  By early next year , we are planning on launching tourism police in Jeju Island . We will also expand the service to cities such as Busan and Incheon . " This is n't the first time South Korea tourism officials have used Psy 's global fame to promote tourism . And who can blame them , really . To date , the official "  Gangnam Style " music video has had over 1.79 billion views on Youtube.com -- making it the most watched video of all time on the site . In April of this year , Psy was hired to be South Korea 's tourism ambassador , a gig that had the star appearing in a series of TV commercials to show off the country . According to the KTO , Psy will hold the honorary position for approximately a year . In the TV commercials , which air in 70 countries , the comedic singer helps showcase things to eat and do and places to visit in South Korea , such as the late-night shopping district of Dongdaemun and "  Cosmetic Road " in downtown Myeongdong , known for its rows of flashy makeup shops . Psy accepted minimal payment for the gig as officially representing South Korea was meaningful work , he said . Frances Cha also contributed to this report .	Uniforms of Seoul 's new tourist police force designed by "  Gangnam Style " singer Psy 's costume designer Tourism force , made up of 101 officers , launched to crackdown on overcharging merchants and taxi drivers In April , Psy was hired to be South Korea 's tourism ambassador
Sunset  -- ' "  I had such a crush on him when I was a kid , " says my friend Didi Linburn , pigtails peeking out from beneath her pink ski helmet rather than the wool pompom hat she wore as a kid . I peer into the tiny ski shop at the Alta Peruvian Lodge and catch a glimpse of a cute guy in glasses behind the counter . "  No idea how old he is , " she says , "  but I 've seen him here every winter since I was 15 . " Didi and Jeff Linburn on the slopes Twenty-two years later , and Didi and her teenage crush are still here ? I 've yet to even take a run down the powder white slopes , but I already sense that Alta , Utah , just might be as special as everyone says it is -- including my self-proclaimed "  Altaholic " husband . Tired of not getting an invite to his annual "  guys ' trip , " and admittedly jealous about the other love in his life , I decided to tag along on Didi 's annual father-daughter jaunt . And finally experience for myself this almighty Alta -- with just seven lifts  and not much else  spread across 2,200 acres of heart-pumping hikes and narrow chutes , chest-deep powder , and total lack of pretension . Skis slung over our shoulders , we walk out the weathered wooden door of the lodge , taking in a deep breath of fresh -- albeit thin -- mountain air . I 'm instantly happy to be here at 10,550 feet , on leased U.S. Forest Service land at the resolutely un-corporate resort , where faded one-pieces outnumber Bogner jackets , chairlifts seat at most four across , and five no-frills lodges , scattered up Little Cottonwood Canyon , sleep 1,200 skiers , tops . Skiers . Not shoppers . Not ski bunnies . Sunset.com : Plan your trip to Alta And , above all , not snowboarders . As the mountain motto goes , Alta is for skiers . During my stay , I see it flaunted on banners , baseball caps , bumper stickers . Alta is , after all , one of just three resorts left in the country that ban boarders , since Taos Ski Valley opened its slopes to all in March . Geared up , Didi , her dad , and I creep along in a bar-less triple chair , surrounded by nothing save blue sky and the towering peaks of the Wasatch Range . "  Same as it was in the '60s , " says Geoff Linburn , who first came to Alta from California in search of what he 'd heard was the best snow in the West . Back then , lift tickets cost $ 8 , and there were only five slowly moving chairlifts , but apart from building a couple more and raising ticket prices to a reasonable $ 64 , Alta remains Alta . Didi 's dad smiles . "  Still the best snow in the West . " A whopping 500 inches annually of light-as-a-feather powder -- and I ca n't wait to try it . But that will take some effort . Without a convenient tram to Alta 's best terrain , the limited number of skiers allowed uphill work for every turn with an almost perverse pleasure . As a typically lazy , play-it-safe sort of skier , I 'm intimidated . Is this really worth it ? We hop off the Sugarloaf chair and onto a big "  dump "  a record-setting blessing of snow  and join the parade of people inching their way , single file , up , up , up , and gliding precariously , over , over , over , only to climb again . Is this really worth it ? I think to myself , sweating in the snow . I contemplate taking off my skis , but then I look up . "  Aw , it 's a bootpacker ! " one guy yells at another fellow who 's stomping with his skis on his shoulders rather than suffering the steep sidestep with everyone else . I press on , inspired by the unspoken camaraderie on the traverse toward Devil 's Castle -- a wide-open bowl and depository of powder -- and the shared anticipation among strangers bound by a passion for Alta 's almost guaranteed fresh tracks . Still , exhausted -- okay , panting really -- I stop and watch as the hard-core hikers keep stomping ; my heart is pounding . I look downhill at the almost untouched powder and decide I 've had enough hiking . Who needs the untouched stuff ? Time to ski . After a blissful day on the slopes , the return to the Peruvian lodge is a comedown . The guest rooms remind me of my college dorm . There are shared bathrooms and a Ping-Pong table but no TVs . Still , the Peruvian , like all of Alta 's lodges , has a 75 percent return rate . Sunset.com : Top 10 ski resorts I 'm honestly baffled , but by the end of dinner -- a slippers-acceptable , family-style affair , where a wine collector wearing turquoise sweatpants shares rare bottles he brought from home and our table swaps stories like old friend -- I start to understand . But , unlike most of the longtime guests , who remain fiercely loyal to "  their " lodge , never venturing steps away to check out another , I 'm curious and leave Didi a few nights later for Alta 's Rustler Lodge , where things are a tad more civilized  read : pricey  . Now I have a television and my own bathroom , and reservations are taken for the window-walled dining room , where the next morning , I overhear a waiter bellow "  Welcome back ! " to guest Roger Urban , who has been staying here since his bachelor days . He and his wife -- looking very '80s  like the lodge  in their matching rainbow-striped rugbys -- fuel up at the breakfast buffet , while their teenage daughter , Alexandra , heads out for a lesson with the same instructor she 's always had . Meanwhile , I finish my eggs alone and realize that I miss the chaos of the Peruvian 's hostel-like atmosphere . I slip on my skis and hop the rope tow to meet Didi for another day on the slopes . Alta never changes From the chatter around the lift line , it 's clear that it 's not just the powder that draws people to Alta -- it 's also the people themselves . Old college buddies , moms and sons , widows who used to come with their husbands ... everyone returns without question . Likewise , all the locals I meet say they 'd intended to come out for a season and do the ski-bum thing . But before they knew it , 10 , 20 , 30 years had passed -- and they 're still here . "  Alta just swallows you up , " says Craig Dillon , Didi 's ski shop crush , who , it turns out , is 41 and has lived here half his life . And so , because people never leave Alta , it 's only natural that they grow old here . Not in the typical , canasta-by-the-pool way of growing old . Rather , Alta is like a real-life "  Cocoon , " where the mountain is the fountain of youth . Senior passes start at age 80 . Didi and I return to the Sugarloaf chair and ride up with an 86-year-old couple . "  Skiing is only getting easier ! " the husband says , beaming . "  Free tickets ! " says his wife . Inspired , I make a mental note to be just like them in 50 years . As we climb , once again , toward Devil 's Castle , a father whizzes by with a tiny skier bouncing on his shoulders . "  Daddy ? Are we at Devil 's Castle yet ? " He hikes as far as possible , plops his daughter in knee-deep powder , and off she goes : a 4-year-old making fresh tracks . I watch , dumbfounded . And determined . I decide to hike out as far as I can . I want those fresh tracks , and this time I 'm willing to work for them . Heart racing , legs aching , I reach the end of the ridge . I rest for a moment and then dip in . Flying solo through feet of untouched powder , carving near-perfect turns , snow spraying like the pros , I realize that I 'm floating . This is it . This is why I 've come to Alta . Sunset.com : Top 10 hotels for nature lovers Later that evening , lounging around the Peruvian lobby after dinner -- with Scrabble , impromptu sing-alongs , nothing to face tomorrow but more fresh snow -- I get the feeling I 'm continuing a tradition at risk of being lost forever to the fast-paced , froufrou world beyond Little Cottonwood Canyon . "  Everything changes in your life ... so much , " reflects Leslie Johnson , who 's been coming here every winter since 1982 . "  Friends move on ... my family 's homes have come and gone ... but Alta , Alta never changes . " I get it . I 'm hooked . Another Altaholic is born . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Alta is spread across 2,200 acres of heart-pumping hikes and narrow chutes The resort is one of just three in the country that ban snow boarders Guests at the resolutely un-corporate resort stay in five no-frills lodges
CNN  -- New York City 's billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg can get pretty much whatever he wants , whenever he wants . Yet the item at the top of his wish list does n't usually carry a price tag . "  In some ways , there 's nothing more significant you can do for New Yorkers than making their lives better by giving them more life , " explained Deputy Mayor Linda Gibbs . Since taking office in 2002 , Bloomberg has unleashed a tsunami of public health initiatives intended to do just that -- cutting sodium in prepared meals , ordering that menus in chain restaurants carry calorie counts , posting restaurants ' health department grades , as well as limiting the use of tobacco products . His first acts included a ban on smoking in restaurants and workplaces . In 2011 , the restriction was extended to public parks and beaches . The restrictions spurred a backlash of criticism . "  I got a lot of one-fingered waves -- as I would describe them -- when I marched by bars on St. Patrick 's Day , for example , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper last week . Now , Bloomberg said , attitudes have changed . "  Today , you march by a bar on St. Patrick 's Day and everybody seems to love you , " he said . In fact , the policies have worked and have been widely copied , according to Dr. Susan Kansagra , an assistant commissioner at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Since Bloomberg took office , she said , the city 's smoking rate has dropped from 22 % to just above 14 % , "  one of the fastest declines in the country . " That drop would be hailed as a major success by any other politician , but Bloomberg is not easily satisfied . So this week , he unveiled the Tobacco Product Display Restriction Bill , which would force retailers to keep tobacco products out of sight of customers -- particularly young ones . "  What we 're trying to do is just deglamorize , do n't remind them , do n't make it look like it 's a normal product , " Bloomberg said . "  Cigarettes are not a normal product . " Its passage would be unprecedented , Bloomberg said . That proposal too has stirred opposition . "  The notion of forcing licensed , tax-collecting , law-abiding retailers to hide their tobacco inventory is patently absurd , " said Jim Calvin , president of the New York Association of Convenience Stores . Opinion : Why cigarettes are here to stay "  This proposal arises from a wild theory that the mere sight of packs of cigarettes on a wall behind the store counter compels kids to start smoking , " Calvin continuted . A spokesman for the parent company of Philip Morris USA , whose cigarette brands include Marlboro , said the manufacturer opposes the measure because "  we believe it goes too far . " Bloomberg 's eat-your-vegetables approach to public health has triggered cries that the 71-year-old media mogul , politician and philanthropist has turned the city that never sleeps into a nanny state , one where finger-wagging admonitions about what to eat and drink and how to live have become annoyingly intrusive . But he is undeterred . This month , Bloomberg 's attempt to limit the size of soda cups to 16 ounces was rejected by a state Supreme Court judge as "  arbitrary and capricious . " Not surprisingly , Bloomberg is appealing the ruling . Risk and reward The mayor embraces risk and , though he does n't particularly revel in failure , he is not afraid of it , said Gibbs . She recalled his telling a story of having spent a day skiing . Afterward , a skier remarked proudly that he had not fallen once . Bloomberg was unimpressed . "  He said , ` That means you did n't try hard enough , ' " Gibbs said . "  If you succeeded at everything , you left opportunities on the table . " Bloomberg himself has left few opportunities on the table . After graduating from Johns Hopkins University with a degree in engineering , he got an MBA from Harvard Business School and then , in 1966 at the age of 24 , he moved to New York for a job with Salomon Brothers , an investment bank . He rose quickly , eventually overseeing the firm 's information systems . In 1981 , squeezed out of the bank in a merger , he started Bloomberg LP , the financial news and information company used by Wall Street 's trading firms . It has made him rich . Since then , he has donated more than $ 2.4 billion to a variety of causes and organizations . About half of that -- more than $ 1.1 billion -- has gone to Hopkins , which named its school of public health after him . "  He 's driven by the metric of how do we make the most impact in terms of improving health and saving lives , " said Dr. Michael J. Klag , dean of the Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  Mike is a data-driven guy , he 's a numbers guy . " Klag credits the businessman 's investments in public health with paying big dividends . "  New York is now the healthiest city in America because of what he 's done , " Klag said . It 's also one of the safest , with the lowest murder rate of any big city in America . And traffic deaths and fire deaths are the lowest since the city started keeping records in 1916 . "  Parents from around the country used to dissuade their kids from moving to New York because it was dangerous , " Bloomberg said last week . "  That does n't happen any more . Parents want their kids to move here because they 're probably safer than where they 're coming from . " Putting a dent in obesity Bloomberg 's focus on food is recent and the data to support it are not as strong . "  With tobacco , we have a pretty established set of policies we know are effective , but with obesity , it 's still new , " New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas A. Farley told an audience at Fordham University in New York during a conference last fall on Bloomberg 's public health legacy . But talking about legacy is "  a little presumptuous , " according to Peter Zimroth , a lawyer with Arnold & Porter , which has represented the restaurant industry . "  The legacy is yet to be written on some of these initiatives , " he told the conference , adding that the evidence that such efforts would reduce obesity was itself thin and could wind up being counterproductive . "  There 's a limited amount of capital , I think , that government has to engage in coercive measures , " he said . Bloomberg sees restrictions on food as a critical component to his public health mission , according to Klag . "  He sees this avalanche of diabetes coming , " he said . "  That 's why he attacks the sugar intake . " In reaching for opportunities , Bloomberg has lost his footing several times . In addition to losing his effort to ban large , sugary drinks , he failed in his bids to get a soda tax adopted and to ban the use of food stamps to buy soda . The so-called soda ban provoked ridicule from some observers . "  I think this is what makes liberals look like elitist bullies who think they know everything and can tell people what to do , " Bill Maher said on his HBO show "  Real Time . " "  You should n't have to clear what you eat with the municipal government . " Video : Sarah Palin mocks Bloomberg 's soda ban A executive with the National Restaurant Association -- which represents 500,000 restaurant businesses across the country -- called the city 's efforts at change "  heavy-handed " and was effervescent over Bloomberg 's most recent loss . "  We very much questioned the efficacy of putting a dent in obesity by restricting the cup size in restaurants in New York City that sold sugar-sweetened beverages , " said Scott DeFife , the association 's executive vice president for policy and governmental affairs . "  We do n't think that micromanaging food service packaging is the way to end obesity in New York City . " Bloomberg 's attempt to limit the size of sodas inspired Mississippi -- whose 34.9 % obesity rate is the nation 's highest -- to pass an "  anti-Bloomberg " law . "  It simply is not the role of the government to micro-regulate citizens ' dietary decisions , " Gov. Phil Bryant wrote . But Bloomberg lashed back . " ` Saturday Night Live ' could n't write this stuff , " he said about Mississippi 's move . "  We have a worldwide , nationwide problem on obesity . This year , more people will die from overeating than from starvation -- first time in the history of the world . " "  How can somebody try to pass a law that deliberately says we ca n't improve the lives of our citizens ? " he asked . "  It 's farce . " Looking ahead While his critics might accuse him of simply trying to expand his political power through his health initiatives , Bloomberg 's colleagues say that 's not the case . Bloomberg 's focus is simple and singular , explained his former colleague Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Any time I came to him for a decision , he only asked one question : Was I certain that this would save lives ? " said Frieden , who served as commissioner of the New York City Health Department from 2002-2009 . "  When it comes to failure - if he works on something for six months and it fails , the next day it 's as if it did n't happen . He is always looking ahead . " Meanwhile , Bloomberg appears to be meeting his goal of adding length to the lives of New Yorkers . A New Yorker born today is likely to live three years longer than a New Yorker born a decade ago , a year after he took office . "  That 's a huge surge , and it puts us a little more than two-and-a-half years ahead of the national life expectancy , " Deputy Mayor Gibbs said . Gibbs predicted that Bloomberg will remain focused on public health , even after he leaves office at the end of the year . "  He 's very clear that that will , in fact , be a large part of the work that he does , " she said .	Mayor Michael Bloomberg has made public health a top priority for New York He has touted many controversial health measures since becoming mayor in 2002 Critics denounce it as too much government ; supporters say the initiatives have worked This month , a large sugary drink ban was set to take effect until a judge struck it down
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The children of a Los Angeles woman found dead at a Mexican resort last month will not be allowed to attend a memorial service for their mother Sunday , a judge ruled Friday . A therapist hired by their father , a former "  Survivor " producer named a "  person of interest " in the investigation of his wife 's death , said the service could be emotionally harmful to the young children . Mexican authorities detained the father , Bruce Beresford-Redman , as a suspect the day his wife 's body 's was found . He was released a day later . Sunday 's memorial service is planned by Monica Beresford-Redman 's sisters , who are also fighting for custody of the children . "  We respect the decision of the court , but we are very disappointed the fact that the children were denied to participate in the celebration of their mother 's life , " Jeane Burgos said . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff delayed any decision on changing the current custody arrangement . Beresford-Redman 's parents were given temporary custody last month after he was told by Mexican police to remain in the country while they investigated . He recently returned to Los Angeles and filed papers for custody to be returned to him . The maternal sisters have also petitioned for permanent custody of the children , ages 3 and 5 . Beresford-Redman was not in court Friday because of the swarm of reporters at the Los Angeles County courthouse , his criminal defense lawyer said . Defense Attorney Richard Hirsch used the gathering of journalists to ask that there not be "  a rush to judgment " about Beresford-Redman . He said there have been other unsolved deaths and an attack at the Moon Palace resort , where Monica Beresford-Redman 's body was found in a sewer . Hirsch cited the death of an elderly Scottish woman , who was found in a swamp weeks after leaving a pool for a walk , and a Canadian man who allegedly fell from a hotel balcony . Jeff Toews , a Canadian , was found dead in May 2007 . Investigators decided he died from a drunken fall from a balcony , but his family did not accept that explanation . Julia Howard , a 77-year-old woman from Scotland , was found dead in a dense swamp six weeks after disappearing from a pool area last summer . Her family also rejected the police conclusion that her death was an accident . A woman reported an attempted rape in her hotel room "  several days after Mrs. Beresford-Redman 's body was discovered , " Hirsch said . "  We have brought this to the attention of the authorities and , in particular , to the attorney general in Cancun and asked them to pursue all leads before making a decision whether of not to charge our client , " Hirsch said . "  We feel that this case should not be a rush to judgment . " "  There are strange things going on , I think , that need to be pursued , " he said . A spokeswoman for the resort has not responded to a CNN request for comment . The initial investigation suggested Monica Beresford-Redman "  died of strangulation because of the bruising , " Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said . A source close to the wife has told CNN that she cleaned out the family bank account and took her two children to Hawaii because she was upset about her husband 's extramarital affair . The couple later traveled to Cancun in an effort to repair their marriage , the source said . Bruce Beresford-Redman built his career as a Hollywood reality television show producer . He worked for several seasons on the popular CBS show "  Survivor , " in which contestants compete against each other in a variety of extreme outdoor scenarios . He was nominated for three Emmy Awards as a producer on the show and was last credited as a producer in 2004 . He also worked on NBC 's "  The Contender " and "  The Restaurant , " as well as MTV 's "  Pimp My Ride , " according to entertainment media company IMG . Monica Beresford-Redman , a native of Brazil , owned a restaurant in Los Angeles .	Mother was found dead at a Mexican resort last month Father named "  person of interest " in investigation of his wife 's death Therapist said emotional service could harm young children Father 's lawyer says resort had other unsolved deaths
CNN  Republicans who want to make a play for the White House by positioning theirs as the party that can govern , in contrast to hapless Democrats , could face a significant obstacle : their governors . From New Jersey to Wisconsin to Louisiana , GOP governors with their eyes on the White House have presided over unbalanced budgets , unfunded pension liabilities , credit downgrades and sluggish job growth . That comes in contrast to an increasingly rosy economic picture nationally , with a strong December jobs report that capped off the best year in terms of economic growth for the nation since 1999 . Unemployment , at 5.8 percent , was below predictions , and job growth has continued for month after month . Three of the most prominent potential 2016 contenders -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal -- could face the most scrutiny , and have the toughest time explaining , their economic records for 2016 . It 's a troubling prospect for the party as it prepares to offer Republicans as the "  party of solutions " in contrast to the Democrats , which it says has offered ineffective policies that contributed to a slow recovery and increasing inequality in the nation . Charlie Black , who chaired Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential run , said that "  the biggest problem the Democrats will have in the next election is that the economy is bad . " RELATED : Kansas tax cuts on trial amid huge budget deficit "  It 's really lack of jobs and lack of economic progress that 's the biggest issue , " he said . But reality of late has n't borne that argument out . And he admitted that some governors may have some explaining to do . "  If you 're John Kasich , you have a good story to tell -- but some of the others might have a little bit more difficult story to tell . But you can always come up with the right spin on it if you work on it , " he said . Who will have to spin the most ? Establishment Republican operatives are already quietly whispering over the elephant in the room for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- his state 's economic woes . Christie came into office pledging replenish the state 's pension program , but had to reverse that promise to help balance the state 's budget . Pension liabilities have subsequently ballooned under his watch , topping $ 83 billion , according to the last report from debt ratings agency Moody 's . Coupled with other budgetary shortfalls , the pension liabilities have resulted in Moody 's and other agencies downgrading New Jersey 's credit rating eight times -- a record for a sitting governor of the state , according to the Star-Ledger . He also faces sluggish job growth . New Jersey 's job growth has been slower than the national average , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , and the state 's unemployment rate has been higher than the national average over the past year . For his part , Christie and his supporters are aggressively fighting back against the narrative that New Jersey 's economy is sliding . During Tuesday 's state of the state speech , the governor outlined his "  Five In Five " record , a laundry list of mostly economic accomplishments Christie trumpets as a sign of good Republican management of the state 's pocket book . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is taking flak from both his right and his left , with critics saying at turns that he 's cut too much government funding and too little . His latest budget has seen some of the steepest cuts to higher education ever proposed for the state -- so steep , in fact , the Republican speaker of the Louisiana House has vowed to block block them , telling a local outlet the cuts "  would set us back generations . " Jindal and his allies , however , say they 've needed to enact steep cuts to balance the state 's budget . But even conservatives are dissatisfied , noting that to achieve a balanced budget , the governor has had to rely heavily on a non-replenishable pool of "  onetime " funds that wo n't be available next year . "  It 's frustrated many of us because it does go against what we typically say , and that is , we should not spend more money that 's coming in , " Louisiana state Rep. Brett Geyman , a fiscally conservative Republican , said of Jindal 's budgets in an interview . "  We face a very large shortfall as we go into the spring session of 2015 because we 've been relying too much on those onetime funds for recurring expenses . " Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker may also have to face scrutiny of a record that oversaw slower than national average job and wage growth , according to an analysis from PolitiFact . His office pushed back on the analysis , noting that the current 5.2 unemployment rate for the state is down from 7.8 when Walker came into office . Democrats also point to the fact that job growth was uneven across low , middle and high-wage sectors -- with middle-wage jobs , key to the stability of the middle class , declining during the recession , according to an analysis from University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee professor Marc Levine -- as evidence Walker has n't done enough for the middle class . And the state faces a $ 2.2 billion budget deficit heading into the new year . A Walker aide said , however , that 's a flawed prediction based on preliminary budget proposals , and that Walker will balance the final budget . "  We will fund priorities and provide necessary services at a good value to taxpayers , " said spokeswoman Laurel Patrick . And Walker himself sought to paint a rosy picture of his state 's fiscal health during his State of the State speech Tuesday night . "  We finished each year with a surplus , and we will again this year , " Walker said . "  Wisconsin 's pension system is the only one fully funded in the country . The state 's pension and debt ratio is one of the best . Our bond rating is positive . And the rainy day fund is the largest in state history -- 165 times bigger than when we first took office . " Ted Strickland , president of the progressive Center for American Progress Action Fund and a former governor of Ohio , said he believes once the public begins "  looking below the surface " of their records , "  you 'll find there 's a lot of smoke and mirrors going on with the claims they 're making . " "  In my judgment , they are so tied to an extreme ideology that they do n't want to be confronted by the facts and the truth about what their approach , their trickle-down approach leads to : Greater deficits , a weaker economy , and greater inequality , " he said . But Jindal , Christie and Walker all have accomplishments to tout as well . Christie has had to deal with a Democratic legislature that 's often worked to block his legislative priorities ; Louisiana has become more business-friendly under Jindal 's watch , according to a number of nonpartisan rankings ; and Walker 's union-breaking efforts were lauded as a model for other states nationwide . But strategists say they wo n't be able to run from the blemishes on their records . Ryan Williams , a spokesman for Mitt Romney 's 2012 bid , said that every bit of the GOP presidential contender 's record as governor of Massachusetts became susceptible to scrutiny when he ran . "  It 's all fair game for your opposition -- given that you are the executive of your state , " he said . "  When you 're a governor running for president -- you have to own whatever the pluses and minuses are for your state 's economic record , " he said . Some GOP governors have better records than others . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who 's contemplating another presidential run , travelled to other states , touting the Texas economy and trying to woo businesses with low tax rates . He could make his state 's economy a key pillar of a 2016 campaign . And some states governed by Democrats , like Illinois , have seen their share of economic struggles . But Democrats are hoping to make even some of those governors that are n't running a problem for Republicans . They 've pointed to Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback , whose promised conservative "  experiment " of implementing steep tax and spending cuts has crippled the state 's economy , as evidence the conservative vision of governance does n't work . Strickland decried what he called an "  exaggerated pursuit of the trickle-down agenda , " in Kansas , "  where taxes were cut for the wealthy and the economy is in shambles . " "  That 's an example , I think , of what Republicans are capable of doing if they were to win the presidency , " he said . Some Republicans believe Brownback 's labors will eventually bear fruit . Grover Norquist , president of the conservative anti-tax group Americans for Tax Reform , lauded Brownback 's move and said he should jump in the race for 2016 . "  There is n't a problem in front of Sam Brownback and the Republicans in Kansas that they ca n't fix , " he said . "  I think he should run for president -- he 's radical , different , unexpected . " But there 's a growing chorus of voices within the GOP calling for a more moderate economic vision going forward . Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder has expressed an openness to a new gas tax , while Gov. John Kasich has floated a tax on oil and gas companies to pay for an income tax cut . It 's that tension -- between the moderate economic visions of purple-state governors and those of their red-state brothers -- that could cause further complications for the GOP in a presidential primary fight , where they 'll have to debate the benefits of both approaches on a national stage . Stan Veuger , an economist at the conservative American Enterprise Institute , said in an interview that "  Democrats have some totally reasonable points " on the economy . "  It 's not the case that if you cut tax rates , revenue is going to go up immediately , " he noted , calling such a suggestion "  ludicrous . " He suggested the best solution for Republican governors was to take the middle road -- and perhaps use Brownback as a cautionary tale . A Republican governor with a struggling state economy could say , "  I 'm a solid conservative governor with an eye to the deficit and the debt , but I 'm not going to take crazy stances in any direction , " Veuger proposed . Congress is getting richer	Some Republicans mulling White House runs will have to defend struggling economies in their states Chris Christie in New Jersey and Bobby Jindal in Louisiana both have deficits to explain
Mudslides , cold , flooding . The barrage of extreme weather feels relentless . Another arctic blast is bringing subzero temperatures to the Midwest , pushing the mercury below freezing as far south as Florida . Detroit public schools will be closed Friday because of extreme cold , the school system said . The National Weather Service warned that in the Detroit area , wind chills are forecast to be between 10 and 25 degrees below zero . Forecasters say Detroit is the hardest-hit this season , with more than 78 inches of snow and 13 days of temperatures below zero . New York , Philadelphia and Chicago also rank high on the misery list for record snowfall and freezing temps . "  We 've been able to look at this winter and compare it to the record since 1950 , and putting this winter in context , it really has been as severe as people think it is , " said Barbara Mayes Boustead , a meteorologist for the National Weather Service . "  This really has been the worst winter in a lot of people 's lifetimes . We have n't seen winters like this since the 70s in a lot of places . " News of more extreme weather got a cold response . "  Where the hell is that stupid groundhog ? I 'm going to wring its scrawny little neck , " said Christopher Klipstine of Hobbs , New Mexico . Famed groundhog weather prognosticator Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow earlier this month , predicting six more weeks of winter . Rain brings relief , and mudslides Thousands of miles away from Detroit , some areas in Southern California are evacuating because of the potential for flash floods Friday and Saturday in Los Angeles County . Authorities are warning that torrential rain will finally put a dent in the state 's severe drought -- its worst in 100 years -- but at a price . Currently , California is "  abnormally dry , " the U.S. Department of Agriculture said last week . Though rain will bring much-needed relief , mudslides are a big concern , with 6 inches of rain forecast for some areas . "  A very strong and dynamic storm will bring a significant amount of rain to much of southwestern California , " the National Weather Service said . "  A flash flood watch has been issued for several recent burn areas in Los Angeles County due to the abundant rainfall expected , " the weather service said . "  There will be isolated thunderstorms ... rain rates at times are expected to range from a half to 1 inch per hour , which could cause significant mud and debris flows . " A flash flood watch remains in effect until Saturday evening for Colby , Madison and Madre burn areas in Los Angeles County . Most of those areas are at risk because recent wildfires have razed vegetation and left hillsides bare . Affected areas under mandatory evacuation orders include Azusa and Glendora , which have the highest risk of flooding due to loss of vegetation .	Detroit public schools will be closed Friday because of extreme cold "  This really has been the worst winter in a lot of people 's lifetimes , " a meteorologist says Thousands of miles away , Southern California faces potential for flash floods
CNN  -- Justin Sylvester 's wife is pregnant . With a baby . I 'm told that 's how it works . Mind you , this is n't Justin 's first baby rodeo . This is the second child for him and Meghan . Another daughter . But it 's still a wildly exciting time . Though maybe not quite as wildly exciting as an ACTUAL baby rodeo . Reckless ? Perhaps . Quality entertainment ? Definitely . Of course , now , Justin and Meghan are at that age  both 31  where your social media feed becomes a shameless , cascading waterfall of friends ' baby photos and professional maternity shoots -- these gentle little reminders that maybe we ai n't that young anymore . Plus , the occasional Instagram update confirming , yes , your college roommate , Diane , apparently had pasta for dinner . There 's still a lot of that , too . "  OMG ! Rigatoni ! #YOLO " So , being that this is what people seem to do when there 's a bun in the oven , Justin asked Meghan if she was interested in having photos done to commemorate the pregnancy of their soon-to-be daughter , Ruby June Sylvester . Meghan said no . But Justin said yes . "  I was studying for my accounting exam and the idea popped in my head that it would be funny if I took them since she did n't want to . " He laughed about the idea for a couple of days , and finally called up his photographer friend , Kerri Lohmeier . This would be Justin 's surprise present to his wife . All he needed were some Superman underpants and maybe a pair of Meghan 's Lululemon shorts to achieve the "  full maternity effect . " Plus a few other odds and ends . You know . Props . Lohmeier recalls getting the photo shoot request . "  It was very unusual , " she says . "  It 's never happened . " But , as a true , seasoned professional , she embraced the weirdness , and promptly gathered the aforementioned props . Ice cream and pickles . I do n't know much about being pregnant , but I suppose it somehow makes women eat like Jerry Garcia . To be fair , it actually sounds quite nice . Of course , in reality , pregnancy is a grind . And in some very minor way , Justin got a little taste of what it 's like . "  By the end of the shoot , my stomach hurt , and my lower back hurt . I feel as if I had a brief glimpse into the sacrifice that women make on their bodies when they become pregnant . " Granted , he was doing a lot of pushing to get that gut out . Despite gaining 15 pounds of "  sympathy weight " since injuring his shoulder doing CrossFit , Justin swears his belly 's not really that big . But there 's a fair amount of Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager and Austin 's Pizza that says otherwise . Naturally , everyone got a kick out of Justin 's photos . And , by this point , it might literally be EVERYONE . Reality kicked in when a friend called him to say he had just seen the photos on the website for Cosmopolitan . Yes , things move pretty fast when you make little hand hearts over your belly . And you 're a dude . Still , Meghan is his No. 1 fan . And his dad is right up there , too , having left him a fatherly voice mail that said , "  You are crazy , boy . The world could use a little laughter right now . " And trust me . The world is laughing . I mean -- that belly . It 's beautiful . Speaking of which , Justin says his favorite photo is the one where he 's kissing his stomach -- that it was the perfect amount of funny and creepy . And the one he 's most embarrassed by ? That would be the black and white one where he 's on the bed . He told me , "  It looks so real . " Justin says the hardest part was actually keeping a straight face . But , he managed , and it 's all been worth it . Maybe even REALLY worth it . He says , "  I have publishers calling me for book ideas , people wanting to buy my photos . " But , truthfully , there 's just one thing he wants . "  I 'm still holding out for an ice cream sponsorship ! " That , or pickles . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Justin Sylvester had maternity photos taken of himself All the images depict him doing stereotypical maternity photo poses Shortly after he put them online , his photos went viral
On Monday , a U.N. official said that Syrian rebels had likely used the nerve agent sarin . Carla Del Ponte , the veteran war crimes prosecutor and a commissioner of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria , made this claim on a Swiss-Italian TV station . Del Ponte explained , "  Our investigators have been in neighboring countries interviewing victims , doctors and field hospitals and , according to their report of last week which I have seen , there are strong , concrete suspicions but not yet incontrovertible proof of the use of sarin gas , from the way the victims were treated . " Del Ponte added , "  This was used on the part of the opposition , the rebels , not by the government authorities . " The U.N. commission later pedaled back from Del Ponte 's statement , saying that it "  has not reached conclusive findings as to the use of chemical weapons in Syria by any parties to the conflict . " The context here , of course , is that President Barack Obama is under pressure to act in Syria because of his tough statement in August that the use of chemical or biological weapons in the Syrian conflict would cross a "  red line . " In the past few weeks , there have been multiple reports that Bashar al-Assad 's regime has deployed chemical weapons .  And after Del Ponte 's remarks were reported , a U.S. State Department official told CNN that the United States does not have information suggesting that rebels have "  either the capability or the intent to deploy or use such weapons . " But , the source said , the "  facts are not complete " and efforts to obtain more information are ongoing . But Del Ponte 's statement that the opposition is likely using chemical weapons raises an important issue : How plausible is the use of such weapons by any of the many armed factions that are fighting al-Assad 's regime ? The most effective Syrian opposition group is widely considered to be al-Nusra Front . The U.S. State Department says that al-Nusra Front is simply a cover name for al Qaeda in Iraq , which has long operated in Iraq and neighboring Syria . It is a worrisome fact that al Qaeda in Iraq is the only al Qaeda franchise ever to have actually used chemical weapons . Al Qaeda in Iraq detonated a series of crude chlorine bombs in Iraq from late 2006 through mid-2007 . A study by the New America Foundation found a total of 16 chlorine gas bombings in Iraq , the last of which was in June 2007 . On October 21 , 2006 , al Qaeda in Iraq launched this campaign of chlorine bomb attacks by detonating a car loaded with mortars and chlorine tanks in Ramadi , wounding three Iraqi police officers and a civilian . Such attacks sickened many hundreds of Iraqis , but the victims who died in these assaults did so from the blast of the bombs rather than from inhaling chlorine . U.S. and Iraqi troops successfully killed or captured many of the people in al Qaeda in Iraq who were building the chlorine-laced bombs and captured much of the group 's stockpiled chlorine . Charles Faddis , who headed the CIA 's operations against al Qaeda in Iraq 's chlorine bomb network , told me in 2010 : "  There was a lot of effort to secure the chlorine , to get a hold of the tanks , to track these guys down  who were responsible for building the chlorine bombs  , to kill them or capture them . Meanwhile , the attacks are not being particularly successful . The people are dying in the blast , but fortunately nobody is dying from chlorine . " There is no evidence that al Qaeda in Iraq stopped its campaign of chlorine bombing because of any qualms about the use of such weapons . Chlorine gas was used by both sides during World War I but was banned by the Geneva Protocol , along with the use of other poison gases , after the end of the war . The use of such weapons has been a matter of some debate within the leadership of al Qaeda . In documents found by the U.S. Navy SEALs who raided Osama bin Laden 's compound two years ago in Abbottabad , Pakistan , there was a letter written by bin Laden five days before he was killed in which he urged his followers in Yemen who were considering using "  poison " to be "  careful of doing it without enough study of all aspects , including political and media reaction . " As we consider the conflicting reports of the use of chemical weapons that have emerged from Syria over the past weeks , it is worth recalling that the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria has in the past used crude chemical weapons on multiple occasions in neighboring Iraq . Also al Qaeda 's leaders such as bin Laden have pushed back on the use of such weapons only insofar as their use might damage the image of al Qaeda in the eyes of the Muslim public , not because of international norms that the use of these weapons is beyond the pale .	Official on U.N. commission says Syrian rebel group may have used nerve agent Peter Bergen : It would not be first time al Qaeda-affiliated group used chemical weapons Obama administration raises doubts that rebels used chemical weapons Bergen : Issue of who may have used them in Syria is key to U.S. response
CNN  -- An audio message believed to be from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri sought to halt infighting among jihadist groups in Syria , urging them instead to turn their arms against Shiites . In a 26-minute audio message posted on a jihadist website Friday , al-Zawahiri called on the Syria 's al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , also known as al-Nusra Front , to stop fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the message . A voice that appears similar to previous messages from al-Zawahiri ordered al-Nusra general commander "  Abu Mohammed al-Joulani and soldiers in al-Nusra front , and all other mujahedeen groups in Syria , to immediately stop fighting and aggression against their brothers and all Muslims , and should focus on fighting the enemies of Islam from Baathists ,  Alawites  and their Shiite allies . " The al Qaeda leader also passed on orders for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and his followers to focus on the fight in Iraq , where sectarian violence has reached the highest levels in more than five years , often pitting Sunnis , a minority in Iraq , against Shiite Muslims . "  Focus on Iraq even if you felt that you have been oppressed and taken advantage of , to stop this bloodshed and focus -LSB- on -RSB- enemies of Allah and Sunni people in Iraq , " the message said . The call for a truce among jihadist groups comes as some 60,000 people have been forced to flee the northern Syrian province of Deir Ezzor in recent days amid clashes between the rival organizations , the London-based opposition group , Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said via Facebook Saturday . At least 62 fighters have been killed in fighting over the past four days , the SOHR said . The clashes pit Jabhat al-Nusra and another group against ISIS , according to the SOHR . Al Qaeda splinter group ISIS this week staged bodies to look like they were crucified in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa . The group said the brutal display served to send a message to anyone who dares challenge its rule . The group carried out seven public executions in Raqqa on Tuesday , but only two bodies were displayed afterward , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The men in Raqqa were shot in the head before being affixed to crosses . The displays of their bodies appear to be largely symbolic acts by ISIS followers against members of their own Sunni Muslim sect for perceived acts of treason . As Syria 's civil war creates a power vacuum , groups such as ISIS have stepped in with their own form of radical Sharia law to rule over an exhausted and terrorized civilian population . In a recent long-ranging interview , al-Zawahiri urged Muslims to capture Westerners as pawns that might be used to free prisoners aligned with his movement . Asked what he 'd tell "  Muslims and the mujahedeen " -- a term used for some Islamist militants -- to do to "  fulfill their duty " toward their allies in custody , al-Zawahiri said last week , "  I advise them to capture Westerners -- and especially the Americans , as much as they can -- to exchange them for our captives . " Al-Zawahiri touched on an array of topics in a question-and-answer session with al Qaeda 's media arm , audio of which was published on the radical Islamist website Hanein . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the recording . In the first part of the interview , which was posted online two weeks ago , al-Zawahiri insisted al Qaeda is holding strong and , in fact , "  expanding " 13 years after the United States launched its "  war on terror " following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .	Ayman al-Zawahiri calls for truce between Jabhat al-Nusra , Islamic State of Iraq and Syria He orders ISIS to focus on Iraq , where violence has reached the highest levels in years Some 60,000 people have fled Syrian province Deir Ezzor amid clases between the rival groups
CNN  -- Fire , the wheel and even cup noodles were among the varied answers to the question posed by CNN : "  What is man 's greatest achievement ? " Man set foot on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . Was that man 's greatest achievement ? Have your say . CNN producers armed with cameras put the puzzler to passersby in Berlin , Madrid , Rome , Bangkok , Tokyo , New Delhi and Paris . In the lead-up to the 40th anniversary of NASA 's Apollo 11 mission , more people might have been expected to nominate the moon landing as one of man 's greatest feats . Alas not . One woman in Germany suggested the computer . "  It has opened up my world . I can stay in my house and travel all over the world , " she said . Another suggested the airplane . "  It 's the easiest way to get from one country to the other . Imagine if you would be able to only take the ship . It would take you ages to go somewhere , so it makes humanity more flexible . " See what they said " Fire also got a look-in . "  Everything started there right ? " said one man in Spain . There was agreement in Italy : "  I think the most important is that man discovered fire because it 's bringing a lot of life . " The written word was also nominated in Italy , as were architecture and sanitation . "  The biggest achievement of mankind ? Music , right ? " suggested one woman in Spain . In New Delhi , video games got one man 's vote . "  It allows you to be whomever you want , in whichever world you want , and lets you live an alternate fantasy life , " he said . One hopeful businessman in Italy told us , perhaps prematurely : "  Peace , I 'd say peace . That would be the greatest achievement for all . " What do you think is man 's greatest achievement ? Where does the moon landing fit in ?	CNN posed the question to people in seven cities Answers ranged from fire , to the written word , the Internet , plane travel A few people nominated the moon landing as man 's greatest feat Have your say through Sound Off , or send us a video to iReport
New York  CNN  -- Since the 1960s , Sesame Street 's puppets have been running , singing and dancing their way across our TV screens as if possessed of a life of their own . But behind Sesame Street 's Muppet puppets is a world almost as surreal -- where "  Muppeteers " and Muppet makers create the comedic illusions that have bewitched generations of children , and earned the show over 100 Emmy Awards . The life of a Sesame Street Muppeteer If you thought the job of the Muppeteer -- putting your hand in a puppet and putting on a funny voice -- was child 's play , think again . From hiding inside Oscar 's trashcan to lip-syncing Kermit singing "  It 's Not Easy Bein ' Green , " Sesame Street 's puppeteers must be prepared to stretch their bodies -- and imaginations -- to the limit . "  We get into all sorts of crazy positions , " says Muppeteer Eric Jacobson . Most of his time is spent with at least one arm above his head . "  Sometimes we 'll be lying on the ground . Sometimes we 'll be inside a piece of furniture with our arms sticking through a hole in a seat , " he says . Read this : 10 greatest movie puppets Indeed , it 's not uncommon for long-time puppeteers to undergo shoulder and hip operations after years of straining skyward . What makes it all worthwhile , says Jacobson , is making the human connection . "  Normally I 'm looking at a monitor and making sure that you at home can see the puppet 's eyes , because they just do n't have a soul without their eyes , " he says . "  When you can see their eyes you can tell where they 're looking , you can tell that they 're engaged , that they 're thinking , that they 're listening . " Henson 's legacy When Jim Henson started work on Sesame Street 44 years ago , he never could have known that it would become one of America 's most influential children 's television shows . The father-of-five tragically died from pneumonia in 1990 , at the age of 53 . But his legacy lives on in the new generation of puppeteers , like Jacobson , who bring Sesame Street 's fantastical creatures to life . "  I was in my freshman year at film school , thinking I was going to be a director , writer , producer , " explains Jacobson . "  When Jim Henson passed away I suddenly realized how much this man meant to me growing up and I felt like I had to do something to continue his legacy . "  I was a part of that first generation of kids who grew up watching Sesame Street , so those characters were like family to me . " Watch this : ` War Horse ' puppet comes to life Today , Jacobson is the puppeteer behind legendary Sesame Street residents Grover and Bert . Bringing to life the unique personalities and voices of these creations demands huge coordination and quick-fire comic timing to keep the viewers engaged with the characters . First and foremost , says Jacobson , the puppet must look like a creature from the real world . "  You 're conscious of the puppet 's posture and making sure that it looks as though it has a believable skeleton -- you want to make sure it does n't have a broken neck , " he says . Material world If bringing Muppets to life is an art form , so is creating them . Step inside New York 's Muppet Workshop and it 's a bit like stumbling into Frankenstein 's laboratory , with drawers full of spare eyeballs , noses and mouths . Watch this : Master puppeteer Basil Twist The puppets are made from foam and rubber with the seams hand stitched to allow for greater flexibility . The big gaping mouths are created with the same gasket rubber found in cars , with each character usually taking around two-and-a-half weeks to create from scratch . "  We 'd like to think they last forever but they do n't , " explains Rollie Krewson , who has been making Muppets for Sesame Street and other Jim Henson productions for almost 40 years . Years of singing and dancing their way along Sesame Street inevitably take their toll and , sadly , every Muppet has its expiry date . "  Over the years it just deteriorates , and after 15 to 18 years you have to totally replace it -- it just goes to little toast crumbs . " The Muppets of Sesame Street might not last forever , but after more than four decades bewitching audiences , it seems their appeal is as strong as ever .	Sesame Street has enchanted adults and children alike for over 40 years Creator Jim Henson died in 1990 , inspired a new generation of "  Muppeteers " Puppeteering tough physical work , with some artists needing shoulder operations Sneak peek inside workshop reveals Frankenstein 's lab of spare eyes and noses
CNN  -- Opera star Placido Domingo 's next two performances have been canceled while the singer is treated for a serious blood clot in his lung , his publicist said Tuesday . Domingo , 72 , entered a hospital in his hometown of Madrid , Spain , Monday "  where he is being successfully treated for a pulmonary embolism resulting from a deep vein thrombosis , " according to a statement released by publicist Nancy Seltzer . "  Maestro Domingo is expected to make a full recovery , " Seltzer said . Blood clots rare , experts say His doctor ordered the famed tenor to rest for three or four weeks , which means he wo n't make it to performances scheduled for next week in Madrid , she said . "  His exact return to his performing engagements remains subject to how fast he can heal and regain his characteristic strength , " the statement said . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	"  Maestro Domingo is expected to make a full recovery , " his publicist says His doctor ordered the famed tenor to rest for three or four weeks
CNN  -- A high-speed passenger train left its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , Friday , killing at least six people and injuring 45 , according to Croatian police . The high-speed train derailed on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , about noon on Friday . The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , when it derailed about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from it 's destination of Split about noon , said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj , a spokeswoman for police in Split . "  This is a huge tragedy , so there is no place for speculation , " she said . Police had launched an investigation into the cause of the crash . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	High-speed passenger train leaves its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia At least six people killed and 45 injured , according to police The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , to Split
CNN  -- One dead politician in a tiny Arab country and now , six years on , the quest for justice in his assassination divides a people and could add to regional instability . A United Nations-backed special tribunal issued indictments Thursday for four members of the Shiite militant Hezbollah movement in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , said a high-placed source in the Lebanese army . Hariri 's family and friends expressed relief , greeting each other with "  mabrouk , " the Arabic word for congratulations . For the first time in the recent and turbulent history of the region , an internal body was demanding accountability for a political assassination . There have been many in Lebanon 's past , and so many killers have escaped unpunished . But not everyone was welcoming of the tribunal and the fallout of these indictments and ensuing trial , likely to be held in absentia , is sure to ripple through the region for months to come . In a stable and transparent nation , indictments in the assassination of a national leader would be embraced . But Lebanon has endured sectarian war for decades and analysts feared that it could see more Sunni-Shiite bloodshed in the future . Hezbollah and Syria -- which along with Iran is Hezbollah 's biggest supporter -- have repeatedly denied any role in the Hariri assassination . Many Lebanese , however , believe Damascus also played a role and a U.N. source said Thursday the tribunal could also indict Syrian citizens . President Bashar al-Assad , already under global scrutiny for his regime 's crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators , could come under intensified pressure , said Mohammad Bazzi , an adjunct fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations who has been working on a project on Hezbollah in Lebanon . "  This could present a whole other level of instability and international problems for the Syrian regime , " he said . "  This might give the United States and Europe leverage for even tighter sanctions . Beirut journalist Michael Young said the indictments come at a difficult time for Syria and Hezbollah . They make a bad situation even worse , he said . "  I think the Syrian regime is facing an existential crisis , one I believe it will lose , " said Young , author of "  The Ghosts of Martyrs Square : An Eyewitness Account of Lebanon 's Life Struggle . " "  So the indictments will only add to an already disastrous situation for the regime , " he said . "  However , the pro-Syrian government in Beirut will have a tough domestic and international fight as it struggles to deal with the  tribunal 's  indictments , and Hezbollah is facing enough worries with the situation in Syria . " Hariri , a wealthy entrepreneur turned politician , was killed in a February 2005 Beirut bombing . His supporters say Hariri stood up for Lebanese sovereignty and against Syrian influence and for that , he paid the ultimate price . His death prompted mass protests known as the Cedar Revolution that led to the withdrawal of Syrian troops , in Lebanon for almost three decades . But Lebanon remained divided over the tribunal 's investigation . The pro-Western Hariri camp welcomed the probe ; Hezbollah 's Shiite supporters denounced it . In anticipation of the indictments , Hezbollah raged against the tribunal by saying the United States sought to discredit Hezbollah and that Israel was to blame for the assassination . Israel has denied that claim . Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah also made it clear that the group would not tolerate accusations against its own . "  We absolutely reject accusing any Hezbollah member of the killing of Hariri , " Nasrallah said last year . "  We will not accept any indictment to anyone in Hezbollah . " That 's a threat no one in Lebanon should take lightly , said Michael Singh , managing director of The Washington Institute and a former senior director for Middle East affairs at the National Security Council . He said Hezbollah is the only militia in Lebanon that has not disarmed and it has not hesitated to intimidate people through violence . The indictments mean that the militant group will have to implement whatever strategy it has devised to avoid accountability for a horrific crime , Singh said . "  This puts Hezbollah 's partners in government in a real bind , " Singh said . In a bind because in January , the rift over the tribunal prompted Hezbollah to collapse the government of Saad Hariri , the slain leader 's son . Hezbollah and its pro-Syrian allies now form a majority in Lebanon 's Parliament . The Hezbollah domination was seen as a huge comeback for Syria , which , said Singh , has never really accepted Lebanon as a sovereign state and has asserted its influence in Lebanon for years . The new prime minister , Najib Mikati , announced a new cabinet only this month and said Thursday that the "  delicate situation " Lebanon is experiencing "  requires us to be wise " and avert civil strife . But Lebanese authorities , outmuscled by Hezbollah 's fighters , do not have the capability to arrest or deliver suspects for trial , said Young , the Beirut author . They must choose between whether to cooperate in the international justice process or stick by Hezbollah , designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. State Department . Because Hezbollah nor Syria -- if Syrians are indicted -- will participate in the judicial process , it will be important for world powers to remain committed to the case , Singh said . "  Holding Hezbollah and Syria accountable for this is not going to be easy ... so this will take a lot of will power by the international community . " Otherwise , the ghost of a dead man could continue to haunt the Arab nation . CNN 's Rima Maktabi and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	A special tribunal issued indictments in the Rafik Hariri killing The four suspects are members of Hezbollah Lebanon is divided over the tribunal 's probe The indictments could have a ripple effect through the region
CNN  -- In his Oscar-nominated role as Vincent Mancini in The Godfather : Part III , Andy Garcia played a ruthless , murderous mob boss with a violent temper . But this week the Hollywood star is doing his shooting on the golf course . And the Corleone family will have to accept that every score he brings in at the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am will go to charity . The Godfather , it appears , has gone legit . "  I love to golf , " Garcia told CNN . "  I get out once a week and play with guys like Joe Pesci , Jack Nicholson and George Lopez . I just turn up and play with whoever 's waiting to go . It 's a great way of meeting people and being sociable . " The 54-year-old actor will be joining the likes of Bill Murray , Kevin Costner and Ray Romano at the tournament in California this week , which sees celebrities paired with professional golfers in the name of charity . Garcia has been a regular at the PGA Tour event since 1996 , and the 11-handicapper would n't miss it . "  The Gods shine on that tournament . It 's the absolute pinnacle of what you can experience as an amateur golfer , " Garcia said . "  We play three courses , Spyglass , Monterey Peninsula and Pebble Beach . They all run along the ocean and the scenery is extraordinary . Then there 's the atmosphere , which is pretty unique to golf . "  There 's also a lot of amazing work done for charity . On Wednesday we have a five-hole scramble and whatever we win goes to the charity of our choice . Bill  Murray  and I won it one year . " The tournament has raised over $ 85 million for the Monterey Peninsula Foundation since it was launched by Hollywood legend Bob Hope in 1937 -- with the funds distributed as grants to non-profit organizations across America . For Garcia , the opportunity to play alongside the world 's best golfers is considered an honor and a privilege . But that Godfather ambition still burns beneath the surface . "  Of course you want to be competitive , " he said . "  Paul Stankowski and I won the tournament back in 1997  best combined Pro-Am total  . I think the golfing Gods touched us that year . "  It 's also a great place to pick up tips . You 're hitting balls out of a practice bunker and you 've got all these guys around you who can help you out . You 're on the tee and suddenly Phil Mickelson is hitting a drive right next to you . " Garcia 's love affair with golf began in his childhood , inspired by the likes of Gary Player , Arnold Palmer and Lee Trevino . He remembers jumping the fence to steal a few holes in while the sprinklers were still running at a course near his Florida home . But the Cuban-born actor turned his attentions to other sports at high school , and it was n't until his early 30s that he returned to give the game his full attention . "  I 'm a member at Lakeside Golf Club in Burbank now , the course where Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin , Bob Hope and guys like that used to play , " he said . "  I try to play once a week . But when the days get lighter I 'll sometimes get out for nine holes in the evenings too . I 'd love to play more if I had the time . I 'm still pretty inconsistent . One day I play well , the next I do n't . " Garcia 's film credits include The Untouchables , When a Man Loves a Woman and Ocean 's 11 , and he 's made his name in Hollywood as one of the coolest cats in the business . But even A-List Hollywood superstars get nervous on the golf course . "  The acting experience helps you focus , and I 'm used to the crowds , but I still get those jitters on the first tee at Pebble Beach , " he said . "  I do n't command a game of golf like I do a scene in a movie . "	Actor Andy Garcia will be among the celebrities at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am The annual PGA Tour event in California pairs celebrities with professional golfers The tournament was started by Bop Hope in 1937 and has raised $ 85 million for charity American Dustin Johnson has won the event the last two years in a row
New York  CNN  -- Faisal Shahzad , the 30-year-old Pakistani-American suspect in the failed Times Square bombing case , entered pleas of guilty Monday in federal court to all 10 counts he was facing . Shahzad , wearing a white skullcap , gray prison jumpsuit and orange T-shirt , was wearing handcuffs as he was escorted into the courtroom of U.S. District Judge Miriam Cedarbaum . Before entering his pleas , he told the court : "  I want to plead guilty 100 times because unless the United States pulls out of Afghanistan and Iraq , until they stop drone strikes in Somalia , Pakistan and Yemen and stop attacking Muslim lands , we will attack the United States and be out to get them . " Cedarbaum then placed Shahzad under oath and asked him questions about the crime . A law enforcement source told CNN the decision to plead guilty was Shahzad 's . Shahzad is accused of attempting to set off the botched vehicle bomb in Times Square on May 1 . He was arrested two days later while trying to leave the country on a flight from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Shahzad said he traveled to Waziristan in Pakistan on December 9 with two friends to join the Taliban . He said that during the five days he was there , the Taliban gave him $ 4,000 , which he combined with $ 4,900 of his own money to pay for the materials used in the attack . In a news release , the Justice Department said Shahzad received explosives training from Tehrik-e-Taliban , a militant extremist group in Pakistan . In February , it said , he received approximately $ 5,000 in cash in Massachusetts sent from a co-conspirator in Pakistan who Shahzad believed worked for Tehrik-e-Taliban and he received $ 7,000 more in Ronkonkoma , New York , which was also sent at the co-conspirator 's direction . "  Once I got back to the states , I started working on the plan , " he said . "  Getting together what I needed for the bomb . I rented a place in Bridgeport , Connecticut . That is where I built the bomb , put it in the Pathfinder and drove it to Times Square . " On May 1 , he said , he drove the vehicle into Times Square and ignited the 2.5 - to 5-minute fuses , "  and then I left the car . " The bomb , he said , was in three pieces . "  I consider myself a mujahedeen and a Muslim soldier , " he said . Asked by Cedarbaum whether he understood that children and other innocents might have been among his victims , Shahzad was unapologetic . "  They do n't see the drones killing children in Afghanistan , " he said . "  It 's a war and I 'm a part of it . " Asked whether he understood that his actions represented a crime , he said , "  I would not consider it a crime . ... I 'm aware it 's a crime in the United States , but I do n't care about the law of the United States . " A source familiar with the case told CNN that prosecutors will ask for the maximum sentence on the charges during sentencing , which is scheduled for October 5 . The source said there was no plea deal and no cooperation deal . That means that , despite the fact that Shahzad cooperated with prosecutors for two weeks after his arrest , they will not request any preferential treatment for him . Of the 10 charges , six carry a maximum sentence of life : attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , possession of a firearm in relation to conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , attempted act of terrorism transcending national boundaries , conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , and attempted use of a destructive device in relation to conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism . Because Shahzad pleaded guilty to Count 3 , Count 6 carries a mandatory minimum penalty of life in prison . Counts 7 and 8 -- transportation of an explosive and conspiracy to transport an explosive -- each carry a maximum sentence of 10 years . Counts 9 and 10 -- attempted destruction of property by fire and explosives and conspiracy to destroy property by fire and explosives -- each carries a maximum sentence of 20 years . Shahzad 's arrest heightened concerns about the Pakistani Taliban , who authorities believe directed the Times Square plot . U.S. intelligence officials fear that the Taliban are plotting to strike within the United States and are targeting American interests overseas . CNN 's Julian Cummings , Allan Chernoff , Jeanne Meserve and John King contributed to this report .	Shahzad pleads guilty to all 10 counts 6 of the 10 carry possible life sentences "  I want to plead guilty 100 times , " he said in court Sentencing set for October 5
CNN  -- Looks like it could take awhile for new Twitter user Rupert Murdoch to get the hang of things . For starters , the 80-year-old media mogul , who signed up for Twitter over the New Year 's holiday , might want to make sure the people he follows are real . As of Monday , the oft-controversial Murdoch was following a grand total of four people on the social networking site . One of them , at first glance , appears to be Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page . Except that it 's not Larry Page but a parody account that 's part of a university project . "  This is a fake account - part of a series created for @plaidavenger 's class at Virginia Tech , " the owner of the account tweeted Monday in reply to a follower asking about it after seeing an interaction with Murdoch . It was n't clear Monday whether the News Corporation CEO was aware of the misunderstanding . The Twitter chat started with "  Plaid Larry Page " welcoming the magnate to the site . "  Welcome @rupertmurdoch to Twitter ! Could Google + be next ? " he wrote Sunday . Murdoch 's reply : "  Maybe soon , but I 'm getting killed for fooling around here and friends frightened what I may really say ! " Indeed . Less than a day into his Twitter tenure , Murdoch had been publicly chastised by what appeared to be his wife  fellow Twitter newbie Wendi Deng  for a tweet saying that "  maybe Brits have too many holidays for -LSB- a -RSB- broke country . " He quickly backed down , deleting the tweet in question . -LSB- UPDATE : Both Twitter and the account owner have acknowledged that the Deng account is a fake not really run by her . Twitter had mistakenly given the account "  verified " status shortly after it was created . -RSB- Murdoch tweets support for Rick Santorum It 's hard to figure out what to make of Murdoch 's other three follows , other than that he appears to be taking his new venture into Web and social-media culture seriously . Some have ventured it 's part of a "  charm offensive " after a year in which he was embroiled in a phone-hacking controversy at his now-defunct "  News of the World " newspaper . Alan Sugar , a British magnate and reality-TV judge , as well as Twitter nemesis of CNN 's own Piers Morgan , is one of them . The other two are Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey and Zynga CEO Mark Pincus -- the man behind such online time-killers as "  FarmVille " and "  Mafia Wars . "	News Corporation 's Rupert Murdoch starts Twitter life by following fake "  Larry Page " The account resembles Google 's Larry Page but is in fact part of a college project So far , the media mogul is following four accounts on Twitter Two of the four accounts Murdoch follows are tech CEOs
CNN  -- When iReporter Carlos Ortega evacuated Galveston 's West End last week , there was a road , a row of houses and about 150 feet of sand between his house and the water . Now the surf laps about 30 feet from his door . iReporter Carlos Ortega says there 's "  not an inch that is n't damaged " in his Galveston , Texas , neighborhood . Hurricane Ike devastated the Texas city over the weekend , and Gov. Rick Perry said it could be weeks before residents could return . "  There 's substantial structural damage , obviously ...  no  electrical power , " he said . "  It 's going to be a while . " Ortega , a professor at the University of Houston , and his partner walked about six miles down the beach on Sunday and said there 's "  not an inch that is n't damaged . " iReport.com : See Ortega 's home before and after Ike He said one beachfront house was knocked off its stilts and was lying on the ground like an amusement park funhouse . A dead cow washed in front of another home . "  It was pretty depressing and devastating to see how everything was just torn up , " he said . "  People 's lives and houses were just torn up . " All but two of the houses on the "  front row , " nearest the beach , in their Bermuda Beach subdivision were destroyed , he said . "  You would n't know there was a house there . " "  The house across the street from us is completely gone , and there 's no trace of it , " he said . The first floor of their house is covered with 3 to 4 feet of sand and debris , including huge chunks of asphalt from the road that ran in front of the house . "  We do n't keep anything of value down there , " he said , because people expect to get high water occasionally . There were some windows out on the second level , but they did not have much water damage . Ortega said the storm washed a Jet Ski out of the garage and dumped it about five blocks away . iReport.com : Have you been home after Ike ? Share your story It still worked , Ortega said , but was stuck in the sand . Ortega rode out the storm at his house in Houston , which also suffered some damage . "  The expectation was that it was going to be like three years ago when the last storm  Rita  came through , and it was so much worse , " he said . iReporter Matteu Erchull stayed on Galveston Island during the storm . "  I think everybody downplayed the severity of the storm , including myself , " he said , adding that he did n't regret staying . iReport.com : Ike passes over Galveston iReporter After the storm , he put on his fishing waders and helped rescue some of his neighbors . "  Some people literally hid in their attics . Right after the storm , you go into these areas , and they were just helpless , " the former Eagle Scout said . "  They were just waiting . " Nearly 2,000 people who did not evacuate have been rescued along the southeastern Texas coast , said Steve McCraw , director of the Texas Office of Homeland Security . On Sunday , a Galveston County sheriff 's official said three bodies were pulled from storm wreckage in Port Bolivar , bringing to 10 the number of reported deaths in Texas linked to Ike . Erchull said he got through the storm OK , but most of his stuff was ruined . "  I lost everything . Water rose up to about 10 feet . Got into everything and flooded everything I had , " he said . He said he tried to wash his clothes , but he just could n't get the smell out . "  The smell was just this really musky moldy wet smell , it 's really hard to explain . Imagine leaving your clothes accidentally in the washer for 10 days , it 's just disgusting , " he said . Erchull said there 's no power on the island , and the National Guard was going door-to-door asking people to leave . He went to Dallas , where he was up all night telling his friends what had happened and what to expect when they get back . "  It 's hard to tell people that there 's not much to go back to , " he said .	Galveston residents may not be able to come home for weeks iReporter Carlos Ortega says beachfront houses are gone in his neighborhood iReporter Matteu Erchull rode out storm and lost everything Are you cleaning up after Ike ? Share photos , videos
CNN  -- Indonesia has urged Saudi Arabia to take legal action against a Saudi employer accused of grossly abusing an Indonesian maid , Indonesian government officials said Thursday . The 23-year-old woman is recovering in a Saudi hospital after being severely beaten , according to Indonesian consulate officials . The Indonesian Foreign Affairs Ministry said Thursday that it had followed up on the case , which has outraged many in Indonesia . "  At first , we already called the Saudi Arabia ambassador here in Jakarta a few days ago to the ministry , and at that occasion we expressed the position of the Indonesian government , which condemns the act , inhumane act , against our nationals , " ministry spokesman Michael Tene said . "  We also ask the Saudi government to ensure that they will be responsible for that and take appropriate action according to the law . " Sumiati binti Mustapa Salan went to work in Saudi Arabia four months ago to support her family in a small fishing village in Indonesia . She was tortured since the first day of her employment in a Medina household , said Didi Wahyudri , Indonesia 's citizen protection consul in Saudi Arabia . "  She was beaten badly . But she is recovering , " Wahyudri said . A migrant rights group and Indonesian officials have said Sumiati also suffered from cuts to her face and possibly burns from an iron . "  We are asking for justice , " said Wahyudri , who added that Indonesian officials had reported the case to Saudi police . Sumiati has been hospitalized since November 6 at the King Fahd Hospital in Medina . CNN was not able to reach Saudi officials for comment . Offices were closed because of Hajj , the annual Muslim pilgrimage . Sumiati 's case is one of several involving Asian migrant workers in Middle Eastern nations that have made headlines in recent months . Last summer , doctors removed nails that had been hammered into the body of a Sri Lankan maid , allegedly by her Saudi employers . Human rights groups have expressed alarm about the poor treatment of these workers , though it has been difficult to document abuses of domestic workers that take place behind closed doors in private homes . A Human Rights Watch report earlier this year said migrant domestic workers often face isolation and forced confinement that contribute to psychological , physical and sexual violence , forced labor and trafficking . Nisha Varia , a senior researcher for women 's rights at Human Rights Watch , said the problem is compounded by the fact that Saudi labor laws do not cover migrant workers and , often in such cases , justice has been slow or non-existent . "  The overall justice system is riddled with problems , " Varia said . "  It 's not good for Saudis . It 's much worse for migrant women . " On top of that , once a woman reports a case of abuse , she is then held at a shelter in her nation 's embassy until the case is resolved , said Varia , who has visited such shelters in several Middle Eastern nations . Often , a woman could be held for months , maybe years , without being allowed to work , which deters many women from reporting abuse , Varia said . Millions of workers from Asian countries travel to the Middle East to make money and shed lives in their homeland that are rooted in poverty . Sumiati was one of them , according to the Jakarta Globe newspaper . It reported that her parents were unable to support her and her four siblings and in July , after she graduated from high school , Sumiati left for Saudi Arabia with the help of a labor recruiting agency . A statement from a migrant rights group said Sumiati 's abusers ought to be punished . It urged the Indonesian government to take appropriate action on her behalf . The Indonesian government said it plans to send to Sumiati 's uncle to Saudi Arabia to be with her for moral support , the state-run Antara News Agency reported , adding that the government will help bring her back home . CNN 's Moni Basu and Lucia Isman contributed to this report .	The woman is recovering after being severely beaten Sumiati binti Mustapa Salan went to work in Saudi Arabia four months ago She was trying to support her family in a small fishing village in Indonesia Allegations of maid abuse have outraged Indonesians
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- Gasoline at $ 4 a gallon is no worry for T. Boone Pickens , the billionaire energy investor from Texas . He drives from his home to his office in a car that runs on fuel costing less than $ 1 a gallon . His method : He has a device that fuels his Honda Civic GX with natural gas from the pipes that serve his home . And he thinks there 's a lesson there for America 's energy woes . Pickens , who is speaking Wednesday at the TED2012 Conference in Long Beach , California , said America needs to make natural gas a building block of a plan for ending oil imports from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries . Natural gas is "  cheaper , it 's cleaner , it 's abundant and it 's ours , and we 're fools not to use it , " Pickens said in an interview with CNN . Pickens , an 83-year-old trained geologist who has been working in the energy field since 1951 , said the United States could use domestic resources to replace the 5 million barrels of oil imported daily from OPEC , which makes up a quarter of America 's daily use of oil . The U.S. natural gas reserves amount to the equivalent of three times the oil reserves possessed by Saudi Arabia , he said . "  All you need now is leadership , " he said , lamenting that America "  has no plan , we 've gone 40 years with no energy plan . We 're the largest user of oil in the world . " Pickens ' plan is encapsulated in the Natural Gas Act , a bill with Democratic and Republican sponsors , that would provide tax credits to replace diesel-fuel burning truck engines with natural gas-powered engines ; users of natural gas as a transportation fuel would pay fees that would make up for the lost government revenue . His firm , BP Capital , has a vested interest in energy policy since it invests in energy futures and the shares of firms in a variety of parts of the industry . He said the worry over increasing fuel prices in the United States rests in part on a lack of understanding of the energy market . Energy prices in America are by far the cheapest in the world , with Europeans paying more than double to fuel their cars and with natural gas costing four or five times as much in Europe and China . Promises of much lower fuel prices are a fantasy , Pickens said , since the world 's demand for oil is roughly equal to the amount that is being produced . Pickens said the media should challenge GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich on his claim that if elected he can lower gasoline prices to $ 2.50 a gallon . "  You 've got Donald Trump saying do n't pay OPEC $ 100 for the oil . Just tell 'em you 'll give them $ 50 . "  Really ? I go into Trump 's hotel , it 's $ 1,000 for a suite and I say I 'm not going to give you that , I 'll give you $ 200 . I 'm on the street looking for another place to sleep . You ca n't tell 'em I 'll give you $ 50 when the world market is $ 100 . It just does n't work that way . " He said he still favors wind energy , which was a key part of the "  Pickens Plan " he put forth in 2008 , but the price of natural gas is now so low that wind projects ca n't compete economically , Pickens said . With 70 % of everyday oil use going to transportation fuel , he said the impact of putting a much cheaper fuel such as natural gas into the market will be to bring the price of gasoline and diesel down . His current plan is focused on moving trucks to natural gas , but he said President Barack Obama could also urge consumers to commit that their next car will run on a domestically produced fuel , whether it 's natural gas or a plug-in electric vehicle . A Wall Street Journal editorial Tuesday , headlined "  Boone-Doggle , " called Pickens ' plan "  the hottest energy fad in Washington " and criticized it for proposing subsidies for a natural gas industry that should compete on its own . The start-up costs of relying on natural gas for transportation are n't cheap . The cost of replacing truck engines is roughly $ 35,000 apiece , Pickens said . His own natural gas car costs thousands more than a gasoline-powered Honda Civic , and then there is the cost , which he said was $ 2,000 , to install the natural gas fueling device for the car . And U.S. consumers have only that one natural gas model from which to choose . In France , he said , there are 62 models that use natural gas . Pickens said American carmakers do produce such vehicles for overseas markets but have not seen a viable market in this country . One of the concerns is that there is n't a widespread network of service stations that could refuel a natural gas-powered car . Pickens said natural gas is available in pipes that go down every street and alley , so it could eventually be more accessible for refueling . "  Somebody says you could n't get in that car and drive to Chicago , well , you could -- you 'd have to do a little work to see where the stations are , but I 'm not going to drive that car to Chicago , I 'm going to drive that car from my house to my office . " And if he is going on a trip to Chicago ? "  I 'm going to get in my wife 's car . She has a bigger car . Women always have bigger cars than men do . "	Energy investor T. Boone Pickens : America needs leadership on energy He says vast reserves of cheaper , cleaner natural gas could displace OPEC oil Pickens : U.S. could have a more secure energy system and help control gas prices He commutes in a natural gas-powered car whose fuel is less than $ 1 a gallon
Hassan Khail , Pakistan  CNN  -- The white bags land with a thud , a small cloud of dust billowing around them . But for Pakistanis like Tariq Jan , the simple sack may as well be gold . Each 30-kilogram sack contains enough animal feed to keep a donkey satisfied for a month . Without the United Nations donations , Tariq Jan would have no chance of restarting the life that he lost , washed away by the massive flooding that began in Pakistan almost two months ago . He used to own more than 40 animals . But many of them died when his house and his land drowned under torrents of gushing water . His family depends on the milk from the cows . "  They have gotten much thinner , " he said of his animals . "  I am having a lot of trouble getting anything to eat for them . " The floodwaters submerged about 10 million acres , much of it in Punjab province , Pakistan 's breadbasket , where people live off the soil and their livestock . The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization has been trucking in animal feed and seeds to plant anew . "  We have to try and and get seeds in here and make sure they can get off food aid as fast as possible , " the group 's Truls Brekke said of the flood survivors . Tariq Jan used to profit from several acres of syrupy sugar cane . But now , without any help , it will take perhaps five years before he can clear the sludge and see new shoots again . But even the food aid is falling short . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced a few days ago that the United Nations is seeking another $ 1.594 billion for flood victims , bringing the total to more than $ 2 billion . The world body has received about 70 percent of the $ 460 million it initially requested . Farther south in Sindh , the floods are still adding to the ranks of the homeless . Every day , the United Nations is seeing 20,000 to 30,000 more people who have just lost their homes to rising waters . In all , more than 20 million people were affected by the floods . Waters from Lake Manchar are overflowing in five directions . Some people are referring to it as a "  lake burst , " said Fawad Hussain , a U.N. relief coordinator for Sindh . "  First we had the rain , then the waters from the river and now the lake , " Hussain said . "  We have not been able to scale up -LSB- the response -RSB- as quickly in the far south due to lack of funding . " There are people marooned in Pakistani villages who are still waiting for help . "  The monsoon rains may be over , but the floods are not , " said Andro Shilakadze of UNICEF . CNN 's Fred Pletigen contributed to this report .	The United Nations has been trucking in seed and animal feed The U.N. wants to wean people off food aid In some areas , floods are still adding to the displaced
CNN  -- A rare snowy owl was in stable , but guarded condition on Thursday after apparently being hit by a bus just blocks from the White House . It had been seen around town a lot lately looking for food and had attracted a number of fans . A Twitter account was set up to monitor sightings . The bird , believed to be female , was apparently hit on Wednesday night and found by police in the early morning hours on a downtown street with injuries . It was taken to the Smithsonian National Zoo 's hospital where it was alert and responsive , the zoo said in a statement . There were no obvious signs of physical injury , but blood found in bird 's mouth could indicate head trauma , the zoo said . The owl received pain medication and fluids before being transported to a wildlife rehabilitation center . There , experts said she also suffered a broken toe . X-rays were ordered up as was a period of evaluation before the owl would be released back into the wild , City Wildlife , an animal rehabilitation center , said in a statement on Twitter . The owl 's twitter account was inundated with well-wishes Thursday from many followers who had been documenting its whereabouts around the capital .	Owl apparently hit just blocks from the White House , found by police National Zoo and rehab group treat the rare bird for injuries The owl is expected to survive ; will be watched before being released to the wild
LAS MANOS , Nicaragua  CNN  -- Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya returned to Nicaragua late Friday night after briefly entering his home country from which he was removed in a military coup nearly a month ago . Supporters cheer as deposed leader Jose Manuel Zelaya crosses into Honduras on Friday . Zelaya crossed a few yards into Honduras on Friday afternoon and then hunkered down while he carried on extensive telephone conversations and press interviews . The Honduran government said it would arrest Zelaya if he pushed further into the nation and would ask the International Red Cross to monitor his treatment . Provisional President Roberto Micheletti , who was sworn in hours after Zelaya was removed from office on June 28 , said Friday night his country was willing to continue negotiations . Two previous rounds hosted by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias were deadlocked over the Honduran government 's refusal to allow Zelaya to return to power . Watch Zelaya cross the border " "  I offered several days ago to give up my position if Mr. Zelaya would stop inciting his followers to violence , " Micheletti told CNN en Español . Micheletti said Zelaya had no intention of returning to Honduras , where he faced certain arrest by the national police . Zelaya went back to Nicaragua , Micheletti said , to keep causing problems . "  We have received information that they want to continue with these type of actions that only incite the public , " he said . Asked in an interview with CNN en Español late Friday night why he did not go farther into Honduras , as he had vowed to do , Zelaya said he did not want to cause any violence . "  You have a correspondent here who can tell you how aggressive the military has been acting , " Zelaya said . The latest events unfolded live and in front of a multitude of TV cameras as Zelaya led a 20-vehicle convoy over two days from the Nicaraguan capital of Managua to the Honduran border . Along the way , he held news conferences and conducted numerous telephone interviews . The highlight occurred Friday afternoon when Zelaya walked under a border chain and returned to his home soil . "  I am not afraid when I work for a just and noble cause , " Zelaya said to someone on a cell phone moments after crossing the border , surrounded by scores of reporters and cheering supporters . Honduran soldiers pulled back about 25 meters  80 feet  from the border as Zelaya stopped and continued talking on the phone . He stopped in front of a large white sign that says , "  Bienvenidos a Honduras "  Welcome to Honduras  . Zelaya remained in the area for several hours , saying he was waiting for his wife to join him . She stayed in Honduras when the military flew Zelaya out of the country during the coup . His wife , Xiomara Castro de Zelaya , told CNN en Español that she was being kept from joining her husband . Asked what she was feeling , she said , "  Anguish . Anguish is what we feel at this moment because he is a man of peace . " Moments before crossing the border , Zelaya talked briefly face to face with army Lt. Col. Luis Roicarte , with whom he had been previously talking on the phone , said CNN 's Karl Penhaul . The army officer cut off the conversation with Zelaya because he had to take a call , likely from one of his superiors . Zelaya later recounted the conversation . "  The colonel told me , ` You ca n't cross the border . ' I said , ' I can cross . ' I crossed , shook his hand and asked for communications with his higher-ups , " Zelaya said . In Washington , the State Department issued a travel alert for Honduras and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized Zelaya 's actions . "  We have consistently urged all parties to avoid any provocative action that could lead to violence , " Clinton said . "  President Zelaya 's effort to reach the border is reckless . It does not contribute to the broader efforts to restore democratic and constitutional order in the Honduras crisis . " The State Department warning "  alerts American citizens to the current unstable political and security situation in Honduras , and recommends that American citizens defer all non-essential travel to Honduras until further notice . " While the drama unfolded at the border , Micheletti supporters held a large and colorful rally in San Pedro Sula . Zelaya supporters amassed in the Honduran city of El Paraiso , about 12 kilometers  7 miles  from the border with Nicaragua . They were met there by about 1,500 police and soldiers , some of whom fired on the crowd , a correspondent for CNN en Español reported from the scene . Two people were wounded , journalist Jorge Jimenez said . The police and soldiers fired tear gas at the demonstrators for about 15 to 20 minutes before letting off a barrage of 15 to 20 shots , Jimenez said . The apparent shootings happened minutes after Zelaya held a news conference on the Nicaraguan side of the border and asked police and soldiers to let him back into his country . Watch a report on Zelaya 's return " "  Allow me to return to my country , " Zelaya said , directly addressing his nation 's police and army . "  To embrace my fellow countrymen , my children , my wife , my mother . " Honduran police and soldiers set up numerous roadblocks between Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras , and the border , and established an immediate curfew in the area until 4:30 a.m. . The shootings came after the National Police director , Salomon Escoto Salinas , said in a televised news conference that cars and people were being searched for weapons . "  Our job is to maintain order of the people who are protesting , " Escoto Salinas said . "  If there is any vandalism , the police will act and we will apply the laws . " He declined to say in an interview with CNN en Español whether Zelaya would be arrested if he crossed into Honduras . The National Police have a plan , he said , and it will be carried out . The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya 's desire to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution , even though the congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court ruled it illegal . The takeover has drawn international condemnation , including demands by the United Nations General Assembly , the OAS and the European Union that Zelaya be reinstated . Micheletti has steadfastly rejected characterization of the takeover as a coup , saying Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power . He repeated that contention Friday night . "  There has been no coup because in a coup the military remains in power , " he told CNN en Español .	NEW : Zelaya says he did not go further into Honduras to avoid violence Secretary of State Hillary Clinton calls Zelaya 's actions "  reckless " "  I am not afraid when I work for a just and noble cause , " Zelaya says upon return Deposed leader walks under border chain Friday surrounded by supporters
CNN  -- At least nine people -- five soldiers , a police officer and three civilians -- died Saturday in what Colombia 's president called a "  terrorist " attack carried out by a storied rebel group . Military authorities , national police and President Juan Manuel Santos blamed the morning attack in the nation 's Cauca state on the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC . In addition to those killed , three soldiers , 12 police officers and 23 civilians were injured , according to the president 's website . "  We have to continue to be on the offensive , not to give them a single minute of rest , not give them a single minute of truce so that they do not have the capacity to commit acts like this one , " Santos said . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast . The national police website posted audio from police Maj. Gen. Jorge Nieto saying , "  All  evidence  indicates that there were cylinders camouflaged by food items inside of a vehicle . " Nieto added that the attack occurred when residents were preparing for a farmer 's market day in the municipality of Inza . The FARC has been at war with the South American nation 's government since the 1960s , a time marked by periodic bloodshed . Santos was first elected in 2010 on a platform of continuing an offensive against the leftist guerrillas that have been at war with the government for decades , but he instead followed a different path by pushing forward with the peace process starting last year . He announced last month that he 'd seek re-election against , among others , rival Oscar Ivan Zuluaga , who has called for an end to the peace talks and is against giving a political space to the rebels . Santos said during an awards event Thursday in Bogota that Colombia "  is a country decisively seeking peace , and advances in the direction of dialogue with firmness and prudence , without neglecting security for a single second . " On Saturday , the president condemned what he called a "  cowardly " act and offered a reward of up to 30 million pesos  $ 15,500 US  for any information leading to those responsible . He also insisted that the Colombian government would n't back down in the face of these and an estimated 500 other attacks carried out this year . Said Santos : "  If the FARC believe that these acts will get us to a cease-fire , ... they are wrong , they are completely wrong beginning to end . "	NEW : President calls the bombing a "  terrorist " attack , offers 30 million peso award NEW : "  We have to continue to be on the offensive , " President Santos says Explosive cylinders were camouflaged by food inside a vehicle , a police official says Victims included 5 soldiers , a police officer and three civilians
EW.com  -- The box office had to contend with the World Series , a very early snowstorm in the Northeast , and Halloween festivities across the country this weekend , but audiences still managed to make it to the movies ! That being said , grosses for new releases "  Puss in Boots , " "  In Time , " and "  The Rum Diary , " were n't all that strong . Check out how they performed below : Dreamworks Animation 's "  Puss in Boots " was the top cat this weekend , clawing its way to a $ 34 million debut , 51 percent of which came from 3-D screens , and 7 percent of which was from IMAX theaters . On paper , that number sounds good -- and , to be clear , it is by no means a disaster -- but the result comes with a "  Real Steel " - ish caveat . "  Puss in Boots " cost $ 130 million to produce , and it earned Dreamworks ' third-worst debut for a computer animated film , beating only "  Flushed Away " and "  Antz , " which started with $ 18.8 million and $ 17.2 million , respectively . The 3-D "  Shrek " - spinoff , cost as much as Dreamworks ' "  Megamind , " which opened in early November 2010 , but that film began with $ 46 million , and it played well through the Thanksgiving season on its way to a $ 148.4 million total . "  Puss in Boots " entered theaters a week earlier , but it will need to endure even better than "  Megamind " to earn back its budget . The "  A - " CinemaScore grade it earned from audiences should at least make that achievement possible , but considering people are already familiar with the "  Puss in Boots " character , it 's doubtful that the film will attract many uninitiated viewers . We wo n't officially know where "  Puss in Boots " is headed until next weekend , when we see how much the snowstorm , the World Series , and Halloween really affected the box office this frame .  My guess is not much -- and I 'm not just being catty . Second place belonged to "  Paranormal Activity 3 , " which fell by 65 percent to $ 18.5 million in its second weekend . The found footage horror sequel has scared up $ 81.3 million after ten days in theaters , and considering the huge business the film will likely do on Halloween , "  PA3 " is only a day away from passing Paranormal Activity 2 's $ 84.8 million cume . Not too shabby for a film that cost Paramount only $ 5 million to make ! Fall Movies : Get the latest news , photos , and more Fox 's $ 40 million Justin Timberlake/Amanda Seyfried thriller "  In Time " underwhelmed with just $ 12 million in its opening weekend . That debut is less than Timberlake 's last film , "  Friends with Benefits , " which began with $ 18.6 million on its way to $ 55.8 million , as well as Seyfried 's recent "  Red Riding Hood , " which debuted with $ 14 million on its way to $ 37.6 million . Ads for "  In Time " failed to effectively communicate the convoluted time-shifting story , and negative reviews likely kept older moviegoers away . Timberlake 's leading man status may not have helped matters too much , either -- audiences seem to find him more appealing as part of an ensemble , like in "  The Social Network " and "  Bad Teacher . " Moviegoers issued "  In Time " an unenthusiastic "  B - " CinemaScore grade , which may prevent the film from finding the same kind of legs that time-jumping thriller "  Source Code "  $ 14.8 million opening , $ 54.7 million total  enjoyed earlier this year . In its third weekend , dancing remake "  Footloose " fell to fourth place , dropping 48 percent to $ 5.4 million . The $ 24 million production has now earned $ 38.5 million after 17 days in theaters , and it will pass the total of Julianne Hough 's first feature film , "  Burlesque "  $ 39.4 million  , sometime this week . Johnny Depp 's latest , "  The Rum Diary , " stumbled out of the gate with just $ 5 million . "  Pirates of the Caribbean " this was not . The disappointing opening fell in line with Depp 's other substance abuse picture , 1998â $ ² s "  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , " which debuted to $ 3.3 million and earned $ 10.7 million total . "  The Rum Diary 's " edgy story was always going to be a tough sell , and FilmDistrict 's President of Theatrical Distribution Bob Berney admits : "  While we all wish the numbers were better , we 're proud of the film and its loving tribute to Hunter S. Thompson . " The $ 50 million picture marks the third straight box office disappointment for FilmDistrict , the young distributor that found success with Insidious  $ 54 million  earlier this year . The studio has since struggled with both "  Do n't Be Afraid of the Dark "  $ 23.9 million  and "  Drive "  $ 33.7 million so far  recently . Unfortunately for FilmDistrict , audiences , which were 88 percent above the age of 25 , gave "  The Rum Diary " a harsh "  C " CinemaScore grade , so it 's not likely to hold well in future weeks . Talk about a bad hangover ... In limited release , Sony 's Shakespeare tale "  Anonymous " started with $ 1 million out of 256 theaters . That was good enough for a $ 3,774 per theater average , which does not merit huge expansions in the coming weeks . Young romance "  Like Crazy " fared better , grossing $ 120,000 out of only 4 theaters , resulting in a $ 30,000 average . Richard Gere 's latest , "  The Double , " was D.O.A. , pulling in only $ 27,545 out of 11 theaters . It 's not likely to platform much further . Zeitgeist-y Wall Street thriller "  Margin Call " continued to play fairly well , grossing $ 713,000 out of 140 theaters . It has earned $ 1.5 million so far . Internationally , "  The Adventures of Tintin " got off to an excellent start . Sony 's motion capture animation grossed $ 55.8 million out of 19 territories , including $ 21.5 million in France and $ 10.7 million in the United Kingdom , where its being distributed by Paramount . Sony is bragging loudly about the film 's performance , perhaps in response to some prognosticators claiming that "  Tintin " is likely to underperform domestically .  The picture is based on a series of comic books by HergÃ © which were very popular in Europe , but only cult hits in the U.S.  We 'll find out how excited audiences are about "  Tintin " on December 21 . 1 . "  Puss in Boots " -- $ 34 million 2 . "  Paranormal Activity 3 " -- $ 18.5 mil 3 . "  In Time " -- $ 12 mil 4 . "  Footloose " -- $ 5.4 mil 5 . "  The Rum Diary " -- $ 5 mil 6 . "  Real Steel " -- $ 4.7 mil 7 . "  The Three Musketeers " -- $ 3.5 mil 8 . "  The Ides of March " -- $ 2.7 mil 9 . "  Moneyball " -- $ 2.4 mil 10 . "  Courageous " -- $ 1.8 mil See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Puss in Boots " had a $ 34 million debut "  Puss in Boots " earned Dreamworks ' third-worst debut for a computer animated film "  Paranormal Activity 3 " fell by 65 percent to $ 18.5 million in its second weekend
CNN  -- In the world of economic and social development , lists are easy to come by . The class of leaders gathering in Davos are well aware that ranking nations -- by levels of freedom , ease of doing business , competitiveness , fragility -- has become a preferred sport for analysts working for governments , magazines , NGOs or think tanks around the world . But it 's rare to find a surprising result . Nevertheless , that 's what economists Ricardo Hausmann and CÃ © sar Hidalgo , researchers at the Harvard Center for Economic Development , have produced with their new Atlas of Economic Complexity . In their global ranking of GDP growth to 2020 , Uganda comes out number one . That 's a head scratcher . How could a tiny , land-locked African nation , best known for Idi Amin , lead a list predicting economic growth ? There 's more : Kenya , Tanzania , Zimbabwe , Madagascar , Senegal , Malawi , and Zambia round out the top ten . Hausmann and Hidalgo project that these countries will grow faster than most others in the world , including emerging market favorites Turkey , Brazil , and China . In fact , thirteen of the top thirty countries for growth are in sub-Saharan Africa . Sweden , France and Japan rank 100 , 101 , and 102 . Africa 's 2020 growth vision What gives ? To look at the more established lists and tables for development , Africa is doing poorly -- at or near the bottom of the heap for GDP per capita , infant mortality , primary school enrollment -- you name it . To determine that the booming economies of the next decade lie in Africa , Hausmann and Hidalgo exit the traditional framework . Using international trade data since 1964 , the pair developed a metric they call "  economic complexity , " which suggests that population growth , industrial webs and networked knowledge may reveal more about future growth than conventional metrics like life expectancy , formal education or political risk . Not that these factors do n't matter for everyday lives in Africa and beyond -- but I like to think of GDP as a metric useful for a certain kind of evaluation that can miss the wider , more human picture . The region 's economic potential is more fully realized when complexity is the baseline . What is economic complexity ? The authors explain that "  society functions because its members form webs that allow them to specialize and share their knowledge with others . " The Atlas focuses on exported goods  not services  , tracking how easy it is for an economy to leap from the simple  growing cotton , or making steel  to the complex  manufacturing garments , or building cars  . The easier it is for a nation to diversify exports and , in turn , produce skilled workers and pricy exports , the more complex it is . Thus economic complexity , per Hausmann and Hidalgo , "  reflects the structures that emerge to hold and combine knowledge . " Notably , this includes demographic trends and social networks -- the webs and serendipities often lost in pure GDP analysis . To derive their ranking for future GDP growth , Hausmann and Hidalgo track the gap between complexity and current income . And here is where things get interesting . Portugal  115  and Greece  126  , for example , have long been outperforming their comparatively low levels of complexity . Based on the lackluster distribution of human skills and knowledge in the private sector , both countries should be a lot less wealthy -- a prediction that may come to fruition soon . Singapore  66  and the United States  88  are very complex , but very wealthy -- there 's not much room for improvement . In Africa , by contrast , many economies are more complex than their levels of income suggest . Like many countries in the region , Uganda is poor and poorly governed -- but it 's demographically young , and its private sector is finding its footing . Since 1988 , exports have diversified from tea and coffee to soaps , oils , beer , cement , iron , steel , and machinery . The next decade will see a resulting correction in GDP -- based not just on the income from these exports , but on the leap in "  collective knowledge " that comes from the expanded production . Africa can teach the world to innovate The authors acknowledge that the powerhouse nations of the OECD will still drive global economic activity , but that African countries will leverage existing complexity into income over time . Africa 's sunny outlook also comes from the report 's privileging connections and systems over GDP . Studies suggest that up to 70 % of economic activity on the continent is informal . This churning , parallel marketplace is off the map of official export statistics , but supports the development of what the Atlas authors call "  know-where " -- a corollary of "  know-how " that is a hallmark of growing complexity . This hidden advantage is further good news for Africa . To be sure , the Atlas ignores the service-driven aspects of the global economy . But it also rejects the analytical habit that says the Millennium Development Goals are the most useful predictors of economic development . This posture has the legitimacy of accuracy : over 40 years of trade data , the Atlas outperforms the World Governance Indicators , and is ten times more accurate than the World Economic Forum 's index of competitiveness . This demonstrates the drawbacks with empiricism generally : Freedom House political rankings , the United Nations Human Development Index , World Bank reports -- not to mention analysis from Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's Investors Service , and other ratings agencies that proved fallible during regent financial upheavals . These can make sweeping claims that affect public and private decision-making . This Atlas -- in which resource-poor nations like Namibia and Ethiopia outperform Italy and Israel -- gets us closer to a different truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dayo Olopade	Harvard researchers have a new way of predicting African countries ' growth The new metric links the level of a country 's complexity with wealth creation Olopade argues that Africa , therefore , may have a hidden economic advantage
CNN  -- Islamist fighters battling for control of Somalia have threatened to close Mogadishu 's only airport , warning all airlines to stop flights into the Somali capital by early Tuesday . African Union peacekeepers keep guard recently at the international airport in Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital . "  Any plane which uses or lands at the airport , we will consider it a military plane and we will not be held responsible for what happens to it , " the Al-Shaabab militia said in a Web posting . The statement said the airport would be closed at 1 a.m. Tuesday  6 p.m. ET Wednesday  . The statement was posted on www.kataaib.net , a Web site frequently used by Al-Shaabab . A graphic posted along with the statement shows a plane about to land at Mogadishu 's international airport . As the plane approaches , a man with a shoulder-fired missile appears and a red-circle target is placed over the plane . The Somali word for "  Warning ! " flashes at the same time . Nairobi , Kenya-based Daallo Airlines , which operates flights four times a week into Mogadishu , is "  monitoring the situation , " the company 's chief executive officer told CNN . "  We have n't received any warning directly , " Howard Leedham said . He said he was made aware of Al-Shaabab 's warning through the local media , and would not say if any of the four weekly flights would be canceled or rescheduled as a result . "  All I can say is we 're monitoring the situation very closely , " Leedham said . "  We have employees down there , and so we 're monitoring the situation . " Maj. Barigye Ba-Hoku , a spokesman for African Union forces in Somalia -- many of whom are based at Mogadishu 's airport -- said he has not received an official warning from Al-Shaabab about the airport 's closure , but "  we take the warning seriously . " "  We have taken precautionary measures , but that 's all we can do , " Ba-Hoku told CNN . Al-Shaabab is an Islamic militia that has launched a bloody battle to seize control of Somalia and oust Ethiopian forces , which are helping Somali government forces try to rout the Islamic fighters . It is a splinter group of the Islamic Courts Union , which pushed out Somalia 's transitional government in 2006 . The ICU was deposed in December of that year following Ethiopia 's military intervention . In its statement , Al-Shaabab said it has been forced to shut down the airport because it is being used by a variety of "  infidel forces , " including Ethiopia , Burundi , and Uganda . Burundi and Ugandan forces make up the bulk of the AU mission in Somalia . Al-Shaabab also said U.S. and Israeli security officials "  regularly " land at the airport . "  So based on all these issues , we -- Al-Shaabab fighters -- are notifying all business people in Mogadishu , particularly to those of the airlines , that the airport is officially closed from the date on 16th September , " it said . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	NEW : Airline CEO says situation being monitored , does n't comment on flights Al-Shaabab militants threaten flights with statement , graphic on Web African Union forces spokesman says he 's not received official warning Al-Shaabab group is seeking to oust Ethiopian forces from Somalia
Unidentified gunmen attacked border guards in southern Egypt on Saturday , killing 21 and injuring four , according to Egypt 's state-run news agency MENA . The Egyptian army said a terrorist group fired a rocket-propelled grenade into an "  ammunition store " at a checkpoint near Farfra . In an exchange of gunfire , some militants were killed , the army said . Two cars with explosives were also confiscated . "  This incident will not discourage  guards  from carrying the national responsibility to protect and secure the country and hit the hotbeds of terrorism and extremism at all costs regardless of sacrifice , " read an army statement . The checkpoint is in Al-Wadi Al-Gedid province , which borders Libya and Sudan . It was not clear whether the guards were on their way to the border or were already on the border when they were attacked , according to MENA .	21 border guards were killed in attack , Egypt state media report Terrorists fired a rocket at ammunition stores , army said The attack happened at a checkpoint in southern Egypt , near Sudan and Libya A number of militants were killed and 2 cars with explosives confiscated , army said
Coastal Living  -- Leave behind the mainland and sneak away to these heavenly hideaways . At Petit St. Vincent , 22 understatedly elegant stone cottages overlook the water . Petit St. Vincent , Grenadines The fantasy : Your own sun-blessed , beach-fringed island in the Caribbean , with sailing , snorkeling and other pastimes available at your whim , and a staff to provide anything from meals to massages . The reality : At Petit St. Vincent , it 's the same as the fantasy . Twenty-two understatedly elegant stone cottages , overlooking the water and open to the breezes , scatter across this 113-acre island . With rates starting at $ 675 a night , Petit St. Vincent qualifies as a splurge , but the price covers all activities and meals . Open November through August ; 800/654 -9326 or psvresort.com . The Inn on Peaks Island , Maine Rocky , rustic , small-town New England floats languidly in Casco Bay , two miles from downtown Portland . Summer brings visitors seeking art galleries , nature and relaxation . In winter , you can snuggle up at the inn and enjoy the muted clang of buoys in the bay and the sharp scent of a wood fire . Six pleasantly furnished suites feature fireplaces , private decks and spa tubs . The Pub restaurant serves seafood and locally brewed beers year-round . A 20-minute ferry ride connects Peaks with the shopping , dining and nightlife of Portland . Prices range from $ 175 to $ 300 ; 207/766 -5100 or innonpeaks.com . The Inn at Mama 's Fish House , Maui , Hawaii The handful of cottages that make up this hideaway rest under coconut palms on Maui 's North Shore , just off the scenic Hana Highway . "  Old Polynesia " decor and a low-key atmosphere mark it as a throwback to an era when Hawaii meant tropical exoticism , not real-estate opportunities . Coastal Living : More on Maui A short drive west takes you to the town of Paia . A short drive east reveals the bright sails of windsurfers swooping just off Hookipa Beach . And simply staying put ensures the pleasures of lounging on the sand in front of your cottage or savoring the seafood at Mama 's Fish House Restaurant next door . Rooms from $ 175 ; 800/860 -4852 or mamasfishhouse.com . The Collier Inn , Useppa Island , Florida In the early 20th century , northern tycoons made Useppa their winter playground . Today , anyone can share its still-genteel lifestyle at the posh Collier Inn . Seven antiques-filled suites recall the pre-Depression boom years when ad exec and developer Barron Collier held sway over most of Southwest Florida , and gentlemen in white suits competed civilly at croquet . The 80-acre island , accessible only by water and explored mostly by golf cart , contains neither cars nor roads . The Pink Promenade , a pathway of shells and pink sand , winds past banyan trees and tropical flowers . Prices range from $ 125 to $ 395 ; 239/283 -1061 or useppa.com . Hotel del Coronado and Glorietta Bay Inn , Coronado Island , California Technically Coronado is a peninsula , but it has been an island -- at least at high tide . And , true to island character , it feels like a place apart . The red-roof turrets and dormers of the 1888-vintage , beachfront Hotel del Coronado confirm it . Across the street , so does the Glorietta Bay Inn , which incorporates a 1908 Italian Renaissance mansion . Coastal Living : Southern California eateries Rooms in The Del 's rambling original building have more character , but the newer structures  especially the Beach Village cottages and villas  tend to offer nicer accommodations ; 800/468 -3533 or hoteldel.com . Rooms in the main resort range from $ 255 to $ 1,650 ; Beach Village accommodations range from $ 450 to $ 5,400 . At the Glorietta , choose the mansion . Rooms start at $ 185 ; 800/283 -9383 or gloriettabayinn.com . English Country Garden B&B , Cape Breton Island , Nova Scotia Only the most spectacular scenery could draw tourists all the way to this remote Atlantic island on the eastern end of Nova Scotia . Cape Breton delivers ; ask anyone who has ever driven the Cabot Trail along the coast of the ruggedly glorious Highlands . Accommodations tend to be comfortable but rustic -- except at English Country Garden Bed & Breakfast  at Indian Brook  , which opts for comfortable and luxurious . The four rooms include a tiny , secluded log cottage with a porch overlooking a small lake . The breakfasts and the optional , reservation-only dinners are equally sumptuous . Rooms from $ 120 Canadian  about $ 98 US  ; 866/929 -2721 or capebretongarden.com . Casita de Maya , Cozumel , Mexico Do n't confuse it with Cancún , the party-hearty spring break destination a few miles north . The laid-back Caribbean island of Cozumel attracts scuba divers and snorkelers , beach bums and honeymooners who prefer quiet togetherness . Coastal Living : Mexico travel tips Tucked away next to the airport , of all places  but away from the flight paths , so jet noise does not intrude  , Casita de Maya provides the perfect headquarters for a getaway . The four rooms , beautifully appointed in earthy colors , open onto a pretty little courtyard with a pool . Owner Dan Komorowsky and his staff can answer any question about the island and arrange expeditions . They also know when to disappear and give guests time for themselves . Rates from $ 59 ; 281/214 -1122 or casitademaya.com . MacKaye Harbor Inn , Lopez Island , Washington Like most out-of-the-way places , Lopez  north of Seattle in the San Juan Islands  attracts residents who want to do something different . As you meander the mostly flat roads , you 'll encounter organic farmers and winemakers , cattle ranchers , artists and such establishments as the Love Dog Café and Vortex Juice Bar & Good Food . MacKaye Harbor Inn , in a huge restored farmhouse near the south end of the island , lends guests mountain bikes to explore . Of course , you 'll want to be back at the inn in time for evening chocolates and spectacular sunsets . Rooms from $ 135 ; 888/314 -6140 or mackayeharborinn.com . A Water 's Edge Retreat , Kelleys Island , Ohio A 19th-century limestone industry left this Lake Erie island  off Sandusky  with a 21st century legacy of grand Victorian houses . You ca n't miss this bed-and-breakfast , with its bright coral-and-aqua exterior . Despite the punchy paint job , the rooms are traditional and refined . Guest perks include onsite spa services and sailing trips on Lake Erie . Alas , the inn operates only April through October . But that does cover the summer tourist season , as well as the spring and fall , allowing a chance to catch sight of migrating raptors , waterfowl and songbirds . Rooms from $ 199 ; 800/884 -5143 or watersedgeretreat.com . Jekyll Island Club Hotel , Jekyll Island , Georgia You probably do n't vacation with an entourage that requires a 25-room mansion , but a century ago you might have -- if you were a Rockefeller . In the late 1800s , America 's business elite began gathering at Jekyll Island each year for winter vacation . Some stayed in the extravagant clubhouse ; others built grand holiday homes nearby . Coastal Living : What to pack for coastal Georgia The Jekyll Island Club Hotel now occupies the clubhouse and several other historic buildings , including a couple of the cottages , keeping up the standards splendidly . You can wander the 240-acre Millionaire 's Village and envision yourself in the Gilded Age . And you can play golf and tennis , cruise around the island by bicycle , inhale the fresh salt air on the beach , and ride in a horse-drawn carriage . Rooms from $ 149 ; 800/535 -9547 or jekyllclub.com . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2009	Suites at The Inn on Peaks Island in Maine feature fireplaces and spa tubs A restored farmhouse houses MacKaye Harbor Inn on Washington 's Lopez Island Jekyll Island Club Hotel in Georgia was a retreat for the business elite in the 1800s
CNN  -- The remains of a firefighter killed in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks at the World Trade Center have been identified , the New York City Medical Examiner 's office said Friday . Lt. Jeffrey P. Walz , 37 , was identified after authorities retested remains that were recovered in the months following the attack . Of the 2,753 people killed in the attack , more than 1,100 people have not had remains identified , according to Barbara Sampson , acting chief medical examiner . More than 8,200 bone samples and additional samples require DNA testing , according to a report released by Sampson . Walz , who was last seen in the north tower of the World Trade Center , was survived by a wife and a son , according to an obituary in the Staten Island Advance . Crews finish installing World Trade Center spire	Firefighter Jeffrey Walz was killed in the attack on the World Trade Center Walz , 37 , was last seen in the north tower His remains were identified by city medical examiner 's office
