CNN  -- An HIV-positive German pop singer went on trial on Monday accused of failing to tell sexual partners about her condition , causing one of them to become infected . Nadja Benaissa , 28 , former singer in the girl band No Angels , is charged with causing grevious bodily harm and attempted bodily harm , a court spokesman told CNN . Benaissa had unprotected sex on five occasions between 2000 and 2004 with three people and did not tell them she was infected , Agence France-Presse reported the charge sheet as saying . She had allegedly known her status since 1999 . Benaissa admitted not telling sexual partners she was HIV-positive but denied intending to infect anyone , according to AFP . "  I am sorry from the heart , " she told the court , according to media reports . One of the three men Benaissa allegedly slept with has since been confirmed as having HIV , prosecutors told an earlier hearing , AFP reported . German newspaper Bild reported that Benaissa 's attorney read a statement in which she said she believed there was little chance of her passing on the virus and did not want it made public because of the harm it might cause her daughter and the band . Bild also reported that one of Benaissa 's alleged victims told the court he had unprotected sex with Benaissa on about three occasions . He said he went to the doctor after learning of Benaissa 's condition from her aunt , and discovered he had contracted the virus . He told Benaissa : "  You have borne so much suffering in the world , " according to the newspaper . No Angels became Germany 's most successful all-female group after being formed on the international television show "  Popstars " in 2000 . The band reformed in 2007 and competed in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest . Benaissa is appearing in youth court because she was 17 at the time of the first alleged offence . The fact that Benaissa was HIV-positive was not made public until her arrest in April last year , AFP reported . She spent 10 days in custody after her arrest before being released on bail . The trial is expected to last five days and hear from witnesses including fellow members of No Angels .	Pop singer Nadja Benaissa allegedly infected one partner with HIV She allegedly knew she was HIV-positive , but did not tell her sexual partners Benaissa was a member of No Angels , Germany 's most successful girl band
CNN  -- The president of The Citadel military college apologized on Monday for not reporting to law enforcement an allegation against a camp counselor involving sexual activity and a child . Asked by a reporter what he would tell victims and their families about the college 's admitted lack of action , Lt. Gen. John Rosa responded : "  I 'd say we 're profoundly sorry . "  We 're sorry that we did n't pursue it more . We acted on what we thought was our best information ... We did not pursue it enough . " Over the weekend , the nationally known South Carolina college detailed an abuse allegation against one if its alumni , Louis Neal "  Skip " ReVille , 32 , who was arrested late last month . He faces at least six charges , including three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and three counts of lewd act on a minor , according to Mount Pleasant , South Carolina , police . Although police did not provide specifics of the charges , CNN affiliate WCBD-TV reported that ReVille is accused of molesting at least five boys . He has admitted guilt in at least three cases committed between November 2010 and October 2011 , according to an affidavit filed in Charleston County court . The story has attracted national attention in the wake of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal , which led to the ouster of that university 's president and legendary head football coach Joe Paterno . Penn State suspect admits "  horsing around , " denies abuse In 2007 , The Citadel received an allegation from a former camper that five years earlier , ReVille had invited the boy into his room at The Citadel Summer Camp to watch pornography . Another camper was also present . They did not touch each other , but engaged in sexual activity , the college said . "  Though the general counsel was unable to corroborate the accusation , the college continued its investigation with the camper 's family , who made it clear they were very concerned about maintaining their privacy and not having their names publicized , " Rosa and Doug Snyder , chairman of The Citadel Board of Visitors , said in a Saturday statement , referring to the camper who made the initial accusation . On Monday , Rosa went further . "  When the family did not pursue the matter , we did not either . We should have , " he said . "  Regardless of whether the law said we were supposed to report or not , we should have reported this . We should have taken more action , " said Rosa . An attorney representing the camper who originally reported the alleged abuse to The Citadel told reporters on Monday that the victim 's family had asked the college to make sure no other children would be harmed . "  Had The Citadel come forward in 2007 ... what we 're seeing now as a community may never have happened , " said attorney Mullins McLeod . The victim 's family had thought the college would report the incident and are "  grief-stricken " with the knowledge that subsequent kids could have been abused , he said . The Citadel , in Charleston , South Carolina , has said a review of ReVille 's records in 2007 revealed no other complaints , and his file included a clean background check . He was a highly respected cadet and denied the accusation , the college said . "  At the time , we took what we thought were the necessary steps . It 's now clear we should have done more , " said Rosa . He encouraged anyone with information regarding inappropriate behavior involving ReVille to contact police . ReVille 's attorney , Craig Jones Jr. , has said his client is sorry for what he did , according to WCBD . WCBD also reported that ReVille was the upper school principal at Coastal Christian Prep in Mount Pleasant , and had held a number of positions over the years working with area children . "  Hopefully the way he 's cooperated , that 's one way he can hopefully show ... do what he can to help the victims to whatever extent he can , " Jones said , according to WCBD . "  There 's no way that , obviously , he can repair the damage that 's been done . "	"  We should have done more , " says Citadel President Lt. Gen. John Rosa A former camp counselor faces at least six criminal counts Rosa asks anyone with relevant information to contact police Victim 's attorney : The Citadel should have reported what it knew
CNN  -- As of February , more U.S. adults own smartphones than simpler feature phones , according to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project . Well , to be more specific : In answering questions from Pew , 45 % of cell phone owners said that their phone is a smartphone . Also , 49 % of cell phone owners said that their phone operates on a smartphone platform common to the U.S. -- which includes BlackBerry . According to Pew : "  Taken together , just over half of cell owners  53 %  said yes to one or both of these questions . " Here 's how it breaks down , by platform : 20 % of U.S. cell phone owners currently have an Android phone . For iPhone , 19 % . BlackBerry , 6 %  a 10 % drop since as recently as May 2011  . Since May  the last time Pew gathered these statistics  , the biggest growth in smartphone ownership was among adults aged 18 to 24  up 18 %  ; the next highest growth was among those aged 45 to 54  16 %  . Other demographic segments with high growth in smartphone use include whites  15 %  ; those with some college education  14 %  ; and women , rural dwellers and those aged 25-34  13 % each  . In terms of income , the highest overall growth in smartphone use occurred in the lowest income bracket : 12 % growth among people from households earning $ 30,000 per year or less . Nevertheless , across all age ranges , people from low-income households or who never attended college are still significantly less likely to own a smartphone . The slowest growth in smartphone use was among people aged 65 and over  up only 2 %  . Also , smartphone use grew only 5 % among blacks and Hispanics -- two groups that typically have demonstrated the greatest propensity to avidly use all the capabilities of a smartphone . In the bigger picture , according to Pew , 88 % of all U.S. adults now own a cell phone and 46 % of all American adults now use smartphones . Currently , 41 % of U.S. adults use simpler "  feature phones " -- which often include a Web browser , e-mail , photo and video camera , and the ability to run simple apps . Do most consumers really know whether their phone is a smartphone ? Over a year ago , I did some local mobile market research  to gauge mobile preferences here in Oakland , California  . At that time , I was surprised how many people were unsure whether or not they had a smartphone . Many assumed that if their phone had a Web browser , it was a smartphone -- and similarly , many users of simple BlackBerry devices did not consider them to be smartphones . Earlier Pew research indicated similar consumer confusion about smartphones . But by now , more U.S. cell phone owners appear to have this question sorted out . According to Pew : "  As smartphone ownership has become more widespread over the last year , consumers have generally found it easier to answer questions about their phones and whether they own a smartphone or not . To be sure , there is still some confusion around this term as 8 % of cell owners are still not sure if their phone is a smartphone . "  However , this is a significant decrease from the 14 % of cell owners who were not sure if their phone was a smartphone or not in May 2011 . Similarly , the proportion of cell owners who volunteered that they do n't know what type of phone they have fell from 13 % of cell owners in May 2011 to just 4 % of cell owners in February 2012 . " Of course , different sources of statistics view the smartphone/feature phone market split a bit differently . Data from comScore  which tracks the U.S. wireless market monthly  indicate that it wo n't be until later in 2012 that smartphones will start to comprise the majority of U.S. handsets in use . What does this halfway mark in the U.S. mobile market mean ? Maybe not so much , for many people . Certainly , more people will have devices that technically are considered smartphones -- but people with lower incomes and educational attainment will tend to lag on getting smartphones . Also , not all smartphones are created equal . The low-cost Android market  particularly Android phones that can be obtained for less than $ 200 on no-contract plans  generally have slower processors , are running older versions of the Android operating system  which may not support popular apps  and often are harder to use or more cheaply made . As the Ice Cream Sandwich operating system becomes the norm for higher-end Android devices this year , you can bet that many people with cheap Android phones will still be running Gingerbread , unable to upgrade . Plus , in my experience , Android phones are especially prone to cryptic , hard-to-fix technical problems -- and tech support from carriers and manufacturers is practically worthless . If you 're not comfortable with combing through user forums and trying fairly technical solutions , chances are you 'll just have to give up and get a new phone in a year or less . I 'm serious : the notorious contacts storage bug that plagues many HTC Android phones would have rendered my Droid Incredible completely useless last summer , had I not decided to root my phone and install a different version of Android called CyanogenMod7 . Diagnosing that problem , trying different fixes and , eventually , taking a radical solution entailed a fair amount of research and work . I thrive on that kind of challenge -- but I ca n't imagine most consumers doing likewise . Finally , there 's the learning curve . Smartphones are really hand-held computers that also happen to be able to make phone calls . Even the pricey , slick , user-friendly iPhone has a considerable learning curve , if you 've never had a smartphone before . Most users of any kind of smartphone do not make use of most of what those devices can do . For many consumers , a smartphone will always be overkill . Smartphones may be becoming the norm , but that does n't mean their benefits are evenly distributed . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Survey says "  just over half of cell owners " have smartphone or use smartphone platform Biggest growth in smartphone ownership was among adults aged 18-24 , survey says It says highest growth in smartphone use occurred in the lowest income bracket Amy Gahran : Smartphones may be becoming norm , but benefits may not be spread evenly
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is an author and foreign affairs analyst who hosts "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on CNN on Sundays at 1 and 5 p.m. ET . Fareed Zakaria says we still have a problem with Iran , and we have to have a strategy in dealing with the country . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three leading Iranian reformists who have rejected the results of last month 's election questioned the legitimacy of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's government Wednesday . This comes as Ahmadinejad is set to take office at the end of the month . Presidential candidate Mehdi Karrubi wrote a letter in his party 's newspaper , saying he would not recognize the government and vowing to "  stand by the people and the revolution , until the end of my life . " His statement prompted Iran 's government to block publication of the newspaper . Ahmadinejad 's main political rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , also released a statement Wednesday criticizing the government and its crackdown on the media , which he said has created a "  bitter , coup d'etat atmosphere " in Iran . Iran 's former reformist President Mohammad Khatami called on Iranians to keep up the struggle , noting that "  all doors are not yet closed . " Author and foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria spoke to CNN about this week 's events in Iran . CNN : What is the likely outcome of events in Iran ? Fareed Zakaria : The situation is fluid . The challenger , Mir Hossein Moussavi , and the former president , Khatami , are still criticizing the government for stealing the election . That is an extraordinary level of dissent at the highest levels of the establishment . But the most likely outcome remains that for now , the regime will be able to reassert order . But it has become a naked dictatorship , losing the facade of the Islamic and democratic political ideals that are important to it . CNN : But the nuclear program continues ? Zakaria : Exactly . We still have a problem with Iran , and we have to have a strategy in dealing with it . The nuclear program continues to grow , and refusing to negotiate will not do anything to stop it . On the other hand , it seems wrong to pretend that nothing has happened in Iran . And it also disregards the reality of a divided leadership . CNN : So , what to do ? Zakaria : I would say do nothing . Inaction can be a strategy . The five major powers on the U.N. Security Council  plus Germany  have given Iran a very generous offer to restart the nuclear negotiations . It has not responded . So , the ball is in its court . Until it does , the West should build support for tougher sanctions and more isolation . Until we hear from Tehran , there is no reason for the United States or the others to get engaged . CNN : Is this from a position of weakness , because the West has so few options ? Zakaria : Not really , because while it might seem like the West has few options , in reality , Iran has fewer . Its economy is doing badly , the regime is facing its greatest challenge since its founding , and its proxies in Lebanon , Iraq and elsewhere are all faring worse than it had expected . Let the supreme leader and President Ahmadinejad figure out what they should do first . Time might not be on their side . CNN : What about a military strike ? Zakaria : It would be bizarre to bomb Iran -- which means bombing Iranians -- now that we have seen the inside of that country . Moussavi and his supporters want a less confrontational approach to the world . So do many members of the establishment . Moussavi attacked Ahmadinejad repeatedly for his aggressive foreign policy . So we now know the answer to the question , "  Are there moderates in Iran ? " Yes , millions of them .	Zakaria says most likely that Iran regime will reassert order , for now But , he says , Iran has lost facade of Islamic and democratic political ideals Best strategy on Iran 's nuclear program could be to do nothing , he says Zakaria says until West hears back on offer for talks , it does n't need to get engaged
London , England  CNN  -- A survivor of the fatal Gaza flotilla incident in May headed out Saturday on a new convoy to bring medical supplies to the Palestinian territory . Kevin Ovenden departed London on Saturday morning with about a dozen vans and more than 30 international volunteers as part of the Viva Palestina Lifeline 5 convoy . Two other convoys were being organized at the same time from Casablanca , Morocco , and Doha , Qatar , his group said . The three convoys will aim to meet in Syria before traveling together to Gaza , organizers said . "  Our mission last time was to take aid in and to highlight the siege , " Ovenden told CNN . "  That 's our mission this time . " Nine Turkish activists died May 31 when Israeli troops boarded the Mavi Marmara , a flotilla of activists heading to Gaza . Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists after they were attacked by those onboard , but passengers on the boat insisted they were fired on without provocation . "  I witnessed the man one meter in front of me being shot in the leg , a man 50 centimeters to the back right of me being shot through the abdomen , " Ovenden said of the experience . "  Neither of them had anything in their hands . There was no Israeli commandos within the immediate proximity . They were shot from above , so it was simply unfeasible -- in that incident I saw -- for anyone to claim they were in fear of their lives when they rang out those shots . " The incident drew international outrage and badly shook a wide-ranging military and diplomatic alliance between the Jewish state and Turkey , its powerful regional ally . Israel maintains it must inspect all goods entering Gaza so that weapons do not get into the hands of militants . Gaza is run by Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement that has said it is dedicated to the destruction of Israel . Unlike the flotilla in May , the convoy aims to enter Gaza by land , through the Rafa border crossing with Egypt , Ovenden said . When the three convoys meet in Syria , they plan to be shipped past the point at which the Mavi Marmara was attacked and down to the Egyptian port of Al Arish before going to Rafah , he said . Organizers said it is the largest convoy set to break the Gaza embargo . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	The convoy includes two survivors of the flotilla incident in May Two other convoys are departing from Morocco and Qatar Nine Turkish activists died in an aid flotilla to Gaza in May
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The general who seized control of Thailand in a coup last week said Monday that he has received royal endorsement to run the politically unstable country and warned of a potential crackdown on people protesting military rule . Dressed in a white uniform and flanked by more than a dozen other military officials , Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha addressed reporters in Bangkok , saying he had received a royal command from the country 's deeply revered King to head the ruling military council . Saying there was "  no set time period " for when new elections might be held , Prayuth outlined the steps he said his junta plans to take , including setting up a committee to introduce reforms . But he also issued a warning to the groups of protesters who have gathered in Bangkok in recent days to voice their opposition to the coup and call for democratic elections . The demonstrators , who numbered in the hundreds on Sunday , have scuffled with soldiers in the streets . So far , the military has allowed the small-but-growing protests to take place , even though martial law forbids gatherings of more than five people . With more protests expected Monday , Prayuth suggested the military would n't tolerate public displays of dissent indefinitely , saying the situation was reaching a "  boiling point . " He urged people to stop demonstrating , warning that they risk a stricter enforcement of martial law and prosecution in military courts , and told journalists and social media users not to transmit provocative messages . Coup criticized The Thai military carried out the coup Thursday -- tearing up the constitution and imposing a curfew -- after months of unrest that had destabilized the elected government and caused outbursts of deadly violence in Bangkok . But the sudden intervention by the armed forces -- the latest in a series of coups that have punctuated modern Thai history -- has been criticized by human rights activists and foreign governments , including the United States . Receiving endorsement from King Bhumibol Adulyadej , Thailand 's ailing but widely admired monarch , adds legitimacy to Prayuth 's credentials . But it appears unlikely to change the opinions of many of the protesters who have been taking to the streets to demonstrate against the coup . Other Thais have expressed hope that the military will succeed in bringing an end to the crisis that has plagued the country for months . . Politicians , academics summoned Since taking power , military authorities have summoned -- and in some cases detained -- scores of leading political officials and other prominent figures , such as academics and business leaders . Travel bans have also been imposed . Among the most high-profile figures who 've turned themselves in is former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , who was in office when the current phase of political turmoil began in November . Yingluck , who was removed from office by the courts earlier this month , was released from a military facility over the weekend after she followed a summons to report to military authorities on Friday . A military source said Yingluck was asked to "  help us maintain peace and order and not to get involved with protesters or any political movement " and now has freedom of movement and communication . But a close aide to Yingluck disagreed with the assertion that she was free to move and communicate . She is yet to make any public statement since the coup . Thaksin 's influence The recent unrest was driven by months of protests against Yingluck 's government . The protest leaders said they wanted to rid Thailand of the influence of Yingluck and her wealthy brother , the exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was deposed in the country 's last military coup in 2006 . The Shinawatras ' powerful political movement , which has dominated elections for more than a decade , draws its support from Thailand 's populous rural regions in the north and northeast . But it is unpopular among the Bangkok elites , who accuse it of buying votes through ill-judged , populist policies . The protesters who campaigned against Yingluck 's government claimed Thailand needed reforms to be imposed by an unelected council before any further elections could take place . With the military 's intervention , they appear to have got their wish , although some of the protest leaders were taken into custody after the coup . Suthep Thaugsuban , the ring leader of the anti-Yingluck protests , was released on bail of 600,000 baht  $ 18,000  with instructions he ca n't leave the country , his organization said Monday on its Facebook page . It remains unclear how the pro-Thaksin red shirt movement , which held mass rallies in central Bangkok in 2010 , will respond to military rule . Some of the top red shirt leaders are also among those who were detained by military authorities . CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and journalist Kiki Dhitavat contributed to this report .	NEW : The leader of rallies against the former government is released on bail Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha urges people to stop protesting or risk crackdown He says he has the King 's approval to head the ruling military council The military took power last week after months of political turmoil
DENVER , Colorado -- A Colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter 's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $ 10,000 on a security system , hired a bodyguard for his son 's wedding and never leaves home without a .45 - caliber handgun strapped to his chest . Keith Reynolds was convicted for witness intimidation after threatening witnesses in his domestic assault case . The man , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , says the state did nothing to protect him after the 1999 conviction of Keith Reynolds for domestic abuse -- even after prosecutors told him a hit had been put on his family . A report in the Denver Post pointed out major problems protecting witnesses in the state of Colorado . Paul Logli , chairman of National District Attorneys Association , told Congress this year that witness intimidation has become "  almost epidemic , " according to the Denver Post . When asked if prosecutors had made the family aware of Colorado 's witness protection program , the witness in the Reynolds case said , "  All they told us was maybe we should move . " "  I 'm pretty sure I told one of them -- either him or his wife -- about the program . I ca n't remember if I gave them all the details . " the prosecutor assigned to the case , who did n't want to be named , told CNN . After Reynolds ' conviction , the witness and his wife saw strange cars parked outside their home . They received phone calls during which the only sound on the other end of the line was a gun being cocked . The couple received a death threat from Reynolds himself through the mail . Watch witness describe fear of being targeted " Reynolds was then sentenced to ten years in a maximum security prison for witness intimidation . However , it is likely he 'll be released within five years . No national statistics on crimes against witnesses exist , and minimal research has been conducted on the subject . The latest National Institute of Justice survey on record -- conducted more than a decade ago -- shows that more than half of big city prosecutors consider witness intimidation a major problem . Colorado has $ 50,000 allocated to its witness protection budget . In contrast , the city of Denver spent almost $ 100,000 on landscaping last year . The state , on average , spends about $ 1,000 per witness . That figure supposedly includes moving expenses , rent , and furniture . The federal program spends in excess of $ 40 million per year on witness protection . One possible reason for the disparity is that witnesses in state cases do not get new identities , as do federal witnesses . "  It 's not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public 's expense ; it 's a way to ensure the immediate safety of the witnesses , " according to Peter Weir , executive director of the Colorado Department of Public Safety . Colorado 's witness protection program is a "  joke , " according to The Rev. Leon Kelly , founder and executive director of the Open Door Youth Gang Alternatives . Kelly says the state does n't provide enough incentive for witnesses to come forward . More than a decade ago , a young man named Darryl Givens asked Kelly for advice while deciding whether to testify in a murder case or face prison . Givens chose to testify . A few months later , he was shot twice in the head by men he considered friends . That day continues to haunt Kelly . Rhonda Fields says failures in the witness protection program may have contributed to her son 's murder . Javad Fields was a college graduate who was engaged to be married . He had plans to move east when a Fourth of July barbecue in 2004 in changed all that . He witnessed the murder of his best friend and subsequently testified against three men suspected in the killing . Javad Fields and his fiancee were gunned down while driving along a suburban street in Aurora , Colorado . The couple , both 22 , died instantly . Rhonda Fields says her son was never told about a witness protection program . She confronted prosecutors after his murder . Fields told CNN , "  I asked them what happened . Why were n't any measures taken to safeguard his life ? And I was told he never asked for any protection . " Javad 's mother does not think it was her son 's responsibility to ask for protection . "  I think it 's the authorities ' responsibility to notify witnesses of the dangers that are involved with being a witness , " she said . Field 's case illustrates glaring weaknesses in the witness protection program . Prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting Javad Fields ' personal information be kept secret , but it was n't signed by a judge until one year later , after defense lawyers had already given the suspects Fields ' personal information , along with crucial trial documents . "  I felt like the DA 's office used my son to win their case but did not take the proper measures to safeguard his life , " Rhonda Fields told CNN . District Attorney Carol Chambers maintains the program has improved . She says a notice about witness protection is now attached to every subpoena , ensuring witnesses are aware of their options . That did n't start , however , until two years after Javad Fields was killed . E-mail to a friend	Some witnesses say Colorado does nothing to protect them One witness spent over 10,000 dollars on security after being terrorized Community activist says Colorado 's witness protection program is "  a joke "
CNN  -- Mississippi 's lone abortion clinic can stay open , after a federal appeals court Tuesday ruled against a law that effectively would have shut it down -- contending that it 's not right to simply pass the buck to other states . Tuesday 's decision by the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals spares the Jackson Women 's Health Organization , at least for now . The law 's sponsor , state Rep. Sam Mims , said Tuesday that "  all the parties involved are looking " at what to do next -- including a possible appeal that could end up before the U.S. Supreme Court . It all stems from House Bill 1390 , legislation signed into law in 2012 that requires abortion doctors to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . Three doctors work in the clinic in the Mississippi capital , only one of whom meets this requirement . Seven hospitals in and around Jackson rebuffed the other two doctors ' requests to get the same privileges -- not because of their qualifications , per se , but because their "  medical practice is inconsistent with " the hospitals ' practices . State 's clinic faced threat of shutdown As the appeals court noted Tuesday , this is n't a matter of whether abortion is legal : The Supreme Court "  long ago " established that it is . "  The ultimate issue in this appeal is whether the state of Mississippi can impose a regulation that effectively will close its only abortion clinic , " the judges wrote in the prevailing opinion . The state had ceded this fact , contending that Mississippi residents still could get an abortion in Tennessee , Louisiana , Alabama or elsewhere . But that did n't satisfy the appeals court . "  We ... hold that Mississippi may not shift its obligation to respect the established constitutional rights of its citizens to another state , " the judges wrote . "  Such a proposal would not only place an undue burden on the exercise of a constitutional right , but would also disregard a state 's obligation under the principle of federalism -- applicable to all 50 states . " In a post on its Facebook page , the Jackson Women 's Health Organization cheered the decision and thanked its supporters . Mims expressed disappointment . "  This legislation has always been about the best possible health care for women who receive an abortion , " he told CNN . "  I still believe that having physicians obtain privileges in a local hospital makes sense . " Mims noted that other states have similar requirements . One of them is Texas , which had its own regulation held up -- ironically , by the same federal appeals court that ruled on the Mississippi matter . Appeals court upholds parts of Texas abortion law That decision found that making some women travel less than 150 miles , because of the regulations within the Texas law , "  is not an undue burden . " But forcing them to cross state lines -- and allowing some states not to offer abortions while others do -- is a different matter . The judges on Tuesday referred to a 1938 Supreme Court decision involving an African-American being denied admission to the University of Missouri 's law school because of his race . The university system offered him , instead , a tuition stipend to go to a law school in another state . A common tie between that case and what 's happening with regarding to the Mississippi abortion clinic is that "  a state can not lean on its sovereign neighbors to provide protection of its citizens ' federal constitutional rights , " the judges said . Nancy Northup , head of the Center for Reproductive Rights , applauded Tuesday 's appeals court ruling on Mississippi while acknowledging its future is still uncertain . "  For far too long , women in Mississippi have been teetering on the precipice of a reality similar to the dark days before Roe v. Wade , " Northup said in a news release . "  This is unacceptable , unconstitutional and contrary to the consensus of the strong majority of Americans who do not wish to see Roe 's constitutional protections overturned . " Mims thinks that House Bill 1390 should still stand , contending that it includes a sensible measure to safeguard women 's health . "  I think it 's a very important piece of legislation that passed the Mississippi Legislature , " the Republican from McComb said . "  And we 'll have to see what happens next . " Opinion : Mississippi 's end run around abortion CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Mims disappointed ; he says his bill seeks to give women best possible care NEW : Mississippi 's lone abortion clinic cheers the ruling ; supporters say fight is n't over State law : All clinic doctors had to get privileges at local hospitals ; they could not The state argued that those wanting abortions could go to nearby states
CNN  -- It 's the world 's last , great wilderness rich in natural resources , like oil and gas . But now the frozen seas of the Arctic are being opened up ; its vast riches unlocked . The Yamal is one of Russia 's biggest , most powerful icebreakers , and one of the few ships in the world capable of cutting through the thick Arctic pack ice . It does it for one reason : to clear a path for other vessels , so they can take advantage of the frozen Arctic . Escorted by icebreakers , cargo ships and oil tankers crossing the Arctic can shave thousands of miles off a journey between Asia and Europe , saving fuel , and vastly reduce their carbon emissions . Captain of the Yamal , Alexander Lembrik says the Arctic 's untapped potential is the reason behind the dramatic increase in maritime traffic . "  We are now seeing the increase of transport flows again . There are more and more transport vessels , through routes for ships from Europe towards the Bering Strait in the North Pacific , " Lembrik said . He is concerned that an increase in traffic in the region could have a damaging ecological effect on the Arctic . "  You ca n't deny that possibility but if you take all the precautions , this is avoidable , " Lembrik said . With a water purification plant and waste disposal system , the crew of the Yamal say the ship 's own ecological impact is minimal . It 's also nuclear powered which means low carbon emissions , but , of course , it 's a risky polluter if anything goes wrong -- just one of the many paradoxes of Arctic ecology . Take , for instance , the problem of global warming caused by greenhouse gases . It is believed to be melting the polar ice caps , making the Arctic waters even more accessible to shipping , slashing journey times . But it 's also opening up the region to exploitation for its oil and gas reserves . And as the traffic in the Arctic increases , so too will the need for icebreakers like the Yamal . And not just for clearing routes -- navigating Arctic waters can be treacherous . An incident in January saw several fishing boats trapped in the ice . It was an icebreaker like the Yamal that broke them free . Adding more cargo ships and oil tankers to the mix , says captain Lembrik , is a big concern . "  As a rule , when the traffic along the Northern Sea Route is organized well , emergencies do n't happen , " Lembrik said . "  It 's when there are errors in the organization that some ships could find themselves in difficult situations . With the increase in freight turnover there will be a larger number of ships that will need icebreaker assistance . " For their critics , Russia 's fleet of icebreakers are hastening exploitation of the Arctic . But without capable vessels like the Yamal , these frozen waters may be even more exposed to risk .	Russian icebreaker , the Yamal helping oil and cargo vessels cut shipping times and emissions The crew of the Yamal say their ecological impact in minimal Arctic ice is melting due to global warming , according to scientists
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Israel to reconsider plans to build thousands of homes in its occupied territory , saying it will set back efforts to bring about a two-state solution between the Israelis and Palestinians . Clinton 's comments Friday followed news that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu authorized the construction of the new homes , a move widely viewed as retaliatory after the Palestinians won a United Nations bid to recognize their claim to become a "  non-member observer state . " "  In light of today 's announcement , let me reiterate that this administration â $ " like previous administrations â $ " has been very clear with Israel that these activities set back the cause of a negotiated peace , " Clinton said in remarks delivered at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy in Washington . Netanyahu has not publicly acknowledged the approval of the new construction . But a senior government official said Saturday that the prime minister signed off on building "  3,000 housing units " in the East Jerusalem as well as authorizing planning and zoning for future construction in the West Bank town of Ma'ale Adumim . "  This makes operational plans that were on the table , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject matter . Clinton did not refer to any specific settlement in her remarks . But the Obama administration has repeatedly warned Israel against settling East Jerusalem and the West Bank , particularly the Ma'ale Adumim area , because it would make it nearly impossible to create a contiguous Palestinian State . Britain also called on Israel to reverse its decision to build housing in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . "  Israeli settlements are illegal under international law and undermine trust between the parties , " Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  If implemented , these plans would alter the situation on the ground on a scale that makes the two state solution , with Jerusalem as a shared capital , increasingly difficult to achieve . They would undermine Israel 's international reputation and create doubts about its stated commitment to achieving peace with the Palestinians . " Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula during the 1967 war . The Sinai has since been returned to Egypt . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 , a move not recognized by the international community and condemned by Syria , which still claims the land . The more militant Palestinian group Hamas now controls Gaza , while the moderate group Fatah -- headed by President Mahmoud Abbas -- administers the West Bank , site of a growing number of Israeli settlements . Ultimately , the Palestinians are aiming to unite Gaza and the West Bank under the authority of a new state with the capital of East Jerusalem . The United States was opposed to Palestinian efforts to gain recognition by the United Nations as a "  non-member state , " warning that such a move might cause Israel to react . "  Palestinian leaders need to ask themselves what unilateral action can really accomplish for their people . President Abbas took a step in the wrong direction this week , to say the least . We opposed his resolution , " Clinton said . "  But we also need to see that the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank still offers the most compelling alternative to rockets and permanent resistance . At a time when religious extremists claim to offer rewards in the hereafter , Israel needs to help those committed to peace to deliver for their people in the here and now . " Palestinian officials have refused to enter into new talks with Israel until it stops building settlements on West Bank land . Netanyahu , meanwhile , has said there can be no preconditions on talks . The Palestinian bid to the United Nations and news of Israeli settlement construction came just days after a cease-fire took hold between Israel and Hamas that brought about an end to a series of Israeli military airstrikes against Gaza launched in an effort to stop Hamas rocket attacks . Clinton called on Egypt to use its "  unique relationship " with Hamas to make clear it opposes any escalation of tensions . "  We look to Egypt to intensify its efforts to crack down on weapons smuggling from Libya and Sudan into Gazaâ $ " and I am concerned that , if more rockets are allowed to enter Gaza through the tunnels , that will pave the way to more fighting again soon , " she said . CNN 's Bob Kovach reported from Washington , CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta and CNN 's Michael Schwartz from Jerusalem .	NEW : The UK calls Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem illegal NEW : Israel has approved construction and zoning for future construction , an official says Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says U.S. position on new Israeli settlement is clear She says they "  set back the cause of a negotiated peace "
CNN  The police may have found the missing dress . You know , the white custom Calvin Klein gown that adorned actress Lupita Nyong ' o when she attended Sunday 's Academy Awards . The one encrusted with 6,000 white Akoya pearls that Fortune estimated was worth $ 150,000 . The dress that Nyong ` o , who won a best supporting actress Oscar last year for "  Twelve Years a Slave , " reported stolen Wednesday from her room in the swanky London Hotel off Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood . Yes , that old thing . The L.A. Sheriff 's Department got a tip Friday and looked in an abandoned bathroom on the second floor of the same London Hotel , the department said in a press release . The tip , they said , came from "  a media representative " who got a call from an anonymous caller . The investigators went to the hotel and found a black garment bag underneath the bathroom counter . Inside the bag they found a white dress "  resembling the one " worn by Nyong ` o. Sounds like it would be hard to mistake the dress , but the sheriff 's department is working with the dress owners to find out if it 's the real thing . Calvin Klein also expressed guarded enthusiasm over the dress 's potential return . "  All of us at Calvin Klein are thrilled to know that the dress has potentially been located . This was an amazing collaboration between the brand and Lupita and the dress looked truly exquisite on her , " Francisco Costa , Women 's Creative Director of Calvin Klein Collection , said in a press release . "  Once it 's returned to us , we will be able to have the dress restored and archived , as it now represents an important moment for the brand . " CNN 's Deborah Doft and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Actress Lupita Nyong ' o said the dress she wore to the Sunday Oscars had been stolen Los Angeles authorities got a tip and found a dress that looked like hers in a hotel bathroom
London  CNN  -- Controversial Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli will be given another chance after being caught in a heated training ground bust-up with manager Roberto Mancini on Thursday . Photographers outside the English Premier League champions ' training ground captured images of the pair grappling , prompting coaching staff to intervene to separate them . Balotelli then walked off the pitch , before leaving the training ground about 10 minutes later . The flamboyant 22-year-old has infuriated his manager on several occasions since being signed from Inter Milan for $ 39.1 million in 2010 . Mancini recently said that the Italy international needed to train harder to make the playing team , and once threatened he may never play for Manchester City again after he was sent off during a defeat at Arsenal . But in a statement on the club 's website , Mancini -- who the photographs suggest was the aggressor , repeatedly tugging the player 's clothes -- downplayed the exchange , which was sparked by Balotelli 's hostile challenge on Scott Sinclair . "  Mario made a tackle on his teammate that I would prefer to see in a game , and not against a teammate , " said Mancini . "  I asked him to leave the pitch -- he said no , so I moved him off . That 's all that happened and it was nothing more than that . " The Italian described the incident as "  nothing unusual " and insisted it had "  already been forgotten . " Balotelli appeared at the club as usual for training on Friday . "  My thoughts have not changed about him and these things happen from time to time , " Mancini said . "  Will Mario have more chances ? I will give him 100 chances as long as I can see him trying to improve and working hard for this football club . " The gifted but inconsistent performer 's relationship with his club and manager have often been strained , prompting Mancini to once remark after a match that if Balotelli had been a teammate during his own playing days , he may have given him a punch in the head every day . Since his arrival in the UK , Balotelli has made headlines for setting his house on fire with fireworks , handing out wads of money to the homeless , tussling with teammates on the pitch and throwing darts at his club 's youth team players . His poor disciplinary record , which saw him miss a total of 11 domestic and European games through suspension during the past season , led the club to dock him two weeks ' wages . Balotelli appealed to an English Premier League tribunal over the fine , but recently dropped the matter in a gesture the club described as "  a sign of respect for Roberto Mancini , the supporters and the club . " Despite Balotelli 's failure to impress on the pitch this season , Mancini recently insisted the club would not be selling the striker during the January transfer window , stressing his "  love " for his fiery compatriot -- who he also managed at Inter . "  I think Mario will stay but the future depends mostly on him , " he told Italian media . "  The relationship between me and him is always good , even if one day he does something . I love him because for many years we live together . I 've seen him grow . But the professional relationship is another thing and I 've told Mario what I need from him . "  The time of cheap talk is over . Balotelli is 22 years old and now it 's time to be professional . I ask from him seriousness and commitment in training , a more stable private life and correct behavior on the pitch . "	Mario Balotelli and Roberto Mancini were embroiled in bust up in training on Thursday The Manchester City striker and manager had to be separated by coaching staff The scuffle was sparked by Balotelli 's hostile challenge on a fellow player Mancini downplayed the incident on Friday , saying he would give Balotelli more chances
CNN  -- Dallas Cowboys teammates Josh Brent and Jerry Brown Jr. were "  like brothers " and "  the best of friends , " Brown 's mother and grandmother said Monday , showing no ill will toward the man who may be responsible for the loss of their family member . The teammates were involved in a fiery weekend car crash . Brown was killed , and Brent was arrested on suspicion of intoxication manslaughter . He was released from jail Sunday on $ 500,000 bond . Asked whether she was angry when she heard that alcohol could have been a contributing factor in the crash , Brown 's mother , Stacey Jackson , said that she was and that she feels for Brent and his family . "  I was upset , but I realize , you know , our youth today are young and stupid . And we was all once that age and we done things that we are not proud of , " she said during an interview on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  I know Josh Brent , and he 's been part of our family since Jerry went to the University of Illinois . That 's all I can do , is pray for him and his family because I know he 's hurting just as well as we are because him and Jerry was like brothers . " A Mercedes Brent was driving flipped and caught fire early Saturday in Irving , Texas , the Dallas suburb where the Cowboys are based . Police said the car was traveling at high speed when it hit a curb . "  My heart , every part of me aches , " Brown 's grandmother , Theresa Clark , said on "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  That young man , Josh . I pray , I pray for him too because he has feelings and he has a heart . And he loved Jerry . They were the best of friends . I have no ill feelings toward him , " she said . "  He was a beautiful friend . " Brown , 25 , was an outside linebacker on the Dallas practice squad . In a statement issued through his agent Saturday night , Brent said he was "  devastated " over the accident and "  filled with grief for the loss of my close friend and teammate , Jerry Brown . " "  I am also grief-stricken for his family , friends and all who were blessed enough to have known him . I will live with this horrific and tragic loss every day for the rest of my life , " he said . Brent , 24 , is in his third season with the Cowboys . The charge he faces is a second-degree felony that carries a potential two - to 20-year prison sentence with a maximum $ 10,000 fine . Brent pleaded guilty to a DUI charge in 2009 , according to court records in Champaign , Illinois , where he played football with Brown at the University of Illinois . He received a 60-day sentence , a fine and 200 hours of community service . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Chandler Friedman and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The mother and grandmother of Jerry Brown Jr. appear on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " Brown , an outside linebacker on the Dallas practice squad , was killed in a weekend car crash His teammate , Josh Brent , was arrested on suspicion of intoxication manslaughter "  My heart , every part of me aches , " says Brown 's grandmother
CNN  -- A mortar landed near the Russian Embassy in the Syrian capital of Damascus on Thursday , killing a Syrian civilian and injuring nine Syrian security personnel who work for the diplomatic post , Russia 's foreign ministry said . No Russians were hurt in the attack , according to the ministry , which said it was trying to determine who launched the shell . The United States condemned the shelling . "  The United States continues to emphasize that those responsible for atrocities on all sides must be held accountable , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . The death was one of dozens reported Thursday throughout Syria , plagued by civil war . State-run media reported that the regime 's army recaptured the city of Deir Attiya from opposition militants on Thursday . The army killed an unspecified number of militants who earlier this month had taken the city , about 50 miles northeast of Damascus , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . The opposition group Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported at least 55 people were killed Thursday , including 20 in Damascus and its suburbs and 10 in Raqqa . Raqqa , in northern Syria , is where a regime-fired Scud missile hit a market a day earlier , killing about 35 people and wounding dozens of others , according to the main opposition umbrella group , the Syrian National Coalition . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement . It is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict , and 9 million have been displaced . Syria plans to send a delegation to Switzerland early next year to participate in peace talks , but the opposition Free Syrian Army says it will pass . The United Nations announced that the often-delayed Geneva II conference aimed at ending the Syrian civil war starts January 22 in Geneva . Geneva II is a successor to Geneva I , a June 2012 meeting in which international parties laid out a peace plan for Syria that calls for a transitional governing body . It left open the question of whether President Bashar al-Assad must leave power . The United States and Russia announced in May that they would try to bring the warring parties to a second conference in Geneva to implement the plan . But the second Geneva conference has been delayed several times .	NEW : U.S. condemns attack Russia says it 's investigating attack near embassy in Damascus Nine injured are Syrians working security for Russian Embassy , Russia says At least 55 people killed across Syria on Thursday , opposition group reports
CNN  -- The leader of an apocalyptic New Mexico church who claims to be the Messiah was arrested Tuesday on sex charges , state police said . Wayne Bent , who also goes by the name Michael Travesser , was arrested at the compound that is home to his Lord Our Righteousness Church , called Strong City by members . He was being interviewed , state police spokesman Peter Olson said . The arrests come after three children were removed from the compound late last month . A post on the group 's Web site said Bent was arrested Tuesday morning . "  I was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , " said the post , written by an unnamed follower . "  The bail was set at half a million dollars . " The writer said sect members were questioned at a state police office in Clayton , New Mexico , and promised to update the site with "  a more complete response to these false charges . " The Lord Our Righteousness Church was founded in 1987 by former Seventh-day Adventists , according to the group 's Web site . "  Since that time , many have joined who do not have their roots in Adventism . " Bent said on the Web site that God revealed to him in 2000 that he is the Messiah . A post from Monday written by Bent said , "  The current upheaval over me and the present contest is well under way . It was the same for Jesus . Jesus had not committed any crimes , so the authorities had to invent some crimes to crucify him over . "  It is the same for me also , " Bent wrote . "  I have committed no crimes , but many crimes are being imagined and concocted in the minds of men to try and kill me again . Men are so stupid , though , for they do not know that they can not kill Spirit . " Last month , authorities removed two girls and a boy from the compound . The reasons for their removal are not publicly known , but the removals gained attention because they came after more than 400 children were removed from the Texas ranch of an offshoot Mormon sect that practices polygamy . Those children remain in state custody . Bent has acknowledged having sex with his followers , but authorities will not divulge who the alleged victims are . A former member of the Lord Our Righteousness Church , however , told CNN affiliate KOAT that he left because Bent wanted to sleep with his daughters . John Sayer said he split with the church after 16 years when Bent told him he was supposed to sleep with seven virgins -- and that two of them were to be Sayer 's daughters , then 14 and 15 years old . He said he told Bent that it was n't right and that he , his wife and his daughters left the compound . Sayer told KOAT that his youngest daughter later returned and was one of the three removed by authorities . In posts on the group 's Web site , Bent wrote that the three children were "  abducted . " "  The state has made its move , and now God will make his , " he said . The Lord Our Righteousness Church is to be featured Wednesday on a National Geographic Channel program , "  Inside the Cult . " In a video clip of the show posted on the channel 's Web site , Bent and some young female followers admit that the young women lay with him while naked but deny sex took place . "  It was God , " Bent said in the video clip . "  God came down on them and told them to do it . " A posting from a teenage girl on the compound Web site denied that she was molested , saying that her "  lying with " Bent was not sexual . She was one of the three later removed . Bent had predicted that the world would end October 31 , 2007 . A post to the site in March said , however : "  Now we are in the time of ` the eighth day ' -- Shemini Atzaret -- the day after the Feast of Tabernacles , when God said , ` Stay with me one more day . ' Now we are in the time that Shemini Atzaret foreshadowed , and Father has been saying to us , ` Stay with me one more year . ' ... It is the time of the ` last trump . ' In the scriptures , it is ` that day ' when the final judgment of man is carried out . " Also on the site is a message to the media , saying no interviews will be given . "  I know very well who the media represents , " Bent wrote . "  I have no illusions regarding a free press . The press is only an arm of the beast . " He continued , "  I do not speak to , nor do I negotiate with terrorists , who are holding my children hostage . I will speak with the media when they let my children go , permanently . "	Wayne Bent picked up at the former ranch where he and his followers live On Web site , Bent compares himself to Jesus Christ He has acknowledged having sex with followers Officials say Bent allegedly had inappropriate contact with children at the compound
CNN  -- Author John Updike , regarded as one of the greatest and most prolific writers in modern American letters , died Tuesday , his publicist said . He was 76 . John Updike won many literary awards . His books , such as "  The Witches of Eastwick , " were also best-sellers . Updike passed away Tuesday morning after battling lung cancer . He lived in Beverly Farms , Massachusetts . "  He was one of our greatest writers , and he will be sorely missed , " said Nicholas Latimer , vice president of publicity at Updike 's publisher , Alfred A. Knopf . Updike was a rarity among American writers : a much-esteemed , prize-winning author whose books -- including "  Rabbit , Run "  1960  , "  Couples "  1968  , "  The Witches of Eastwick "  1984  and "  Terrorist "  2006  -- were also best-sellers . Updike won the Pulitzer Prize twice : for "  Rabbit Is Rich "  1981  and its successor , "  Rabbit at Rest "  1991  . iReport : Share your tributes to John Updike The "  Rabbit " series , about an angst-ridden car dealer in a town much like Updike 's hometown of Shillington , Pennsylvania , spanned four novels , a novella and four decades . In the books -- which also included 1971 's "  Rabbit Redux " and a 2001 novella , "  Rabbit Remembered " -- onetime basketball star Harry "  Rabbit " Angstrom negotiates marriage , divorce , wealth and health problems , never quite understanding the larger forces shaping his life . "  Rabbit is not a character calculated to inspire affection , but he is an unflinchingly authentic specimen of American manhood , and his boorishness makes his rare moments of vulnerability and empathy that much more heartbreaking , " wrote Time 's Lev Grossman in naming "  Rabbit , Run " to Time 's "  All-Time 100 Novels " list . Updike was incredibly prolific , penning essays , reviews , short stories , poetry and memoirs . His works frequently appeared in The New Yorker , including a famed 1960 essay about Ted Williams ' final game , "  Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu . " "  No writer was more important to the soul of The New Yorker than John , " said David Remnick , the editor of the magazine , in a statement . "  Even though his literary career transcended any magazine -- he was obviously among the very best writers in the world -- he still loved writing for this weekly magazine , loved being part of an enterprise that he joined when he was so young . "  We adored him , " Remnick continued . "  He was , for so long , the spirit of The New Yorker and it is very hard to imagine things without him . " The magazine said that Updike had written 862 pieces for it over the years , including 327 book reviews , 170 short stories and 154 poems . He was well-regarded in his adopted home state of Massachusetts . "  John Updike 's place among America 's literary greats is forever secure , as is his special place in every Red Sox fan 's heart for his magnificent ` Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu , ' " Sen. John Kerry  D-Massachusetts  said in a statement . "  We honor his memory and his contributions , and Massachusetts today bids him a sad and wistful adieu of our own . " Updike never won a Nobel Prize , but one of his characters , Henry Bech , received one in "  Bech at Bay "  1998  . His works , particularly given their sexual content , could be as divisive as they were poetic . Many critics accused him of misogyny , and others accused him of using his graceful prose to cover thin subject matter -- and Updike put out his prose by the ream . "  It seems to be easier for John Updike to stifle a yawn than to refrain from writing a book , " the literary critic James Wood wrote in the London Review of Books in 2001 . But his frank discussion of sex also garnered him many readers , the cover of Time magazine  for 1968 's "  Couples "  and a lifetime achievement Bad Sex in Writing award from Great Britain 's Literary Review . He was criticized by Norman Mailer , hailed by fellow author  and Updike obsessive  Nicholson Baker in "  U and I " and even appeared as an animated version of himself on a "  Simpsons " episode as the ghostwriter of a Krusty the Klown book . " -LSB- I -RSB- was flattered to be asked to be one of the many voices that they worked into the endless saga of Springfield , " Updike said , noting that the hardest part of his performance was "  producing a chuckle . " John Hoyer Updike was born March 18 , 1932 , in Reading , Pennsylvania , and grew up in Shillington . From an early age he took to reading and writing , and earned a full scholarship to Harvard , where he headed the Harvard Lampoon . Upon graduation , he accepted a one-year fellowship to Oxford University in England . By the time he was 23 , he had been offered a position at The New Yorker , which was to become his literary home over the next 50-plus years . Updike 's first novel , "  The Poorhouse Fair , " came out in 1959 . The next year , in "  Rabbit , Run , " he introduced Angstrom , who was to become one of the most famous characters in American fiction . When introduced , Rabbit is a man fleeing his pregnant wife , the songs on the car radio reflecting both the era and his life . Over the course of the "  Rabbit " books , the character would routinely infuriate his spouse , mistresses and offspring , try to make things right , and never quite succeed . His attitude did n't help . "  Men are all heart and women are all body . I do n't know who has the brains . God maybe , " the character said in "  Rabbit , Run . " "  Rabbit , Run " was successful , as were Updike 's other '60s books , including "  The Centaur "  1963  , which featured a teacher much like Updike 's father , and the short story collection "  The Music School "  1966  . But it was "  Couples " that made Updike a household name . The book , about a group of spouses engaging in the sexual revolution in suburban Massachusetts , became a No. 1 best-seller . Updike 's interests ranged widely . He wrote about an African state in "  The Coup "  1978  . He discussed the relationship between science and religion in "  Roger 's Version "  1986  . He revisited "  Hamlet " in "  Gertrude and Claudius "  2000  . And he created a group of promiscuous witches in "  The Witches of Eastwick "  1984  , which became a hit movie in 1987 starring Jack Nicholson as the devil . Though Updike 's work routinely sold well , he was painfully aware of the decline of what 's come to be called "  literary fiction . " In a 2000 interview with Salon , he lamented its difficulties . "  When I was a boy , the best-selling books were often the books that were on your piano teacher 's shelf . I mean , Steinbeck , Hemingway , some Faulkner . Faulkner actually had , considering how hard he is to read and how drastic the experiments are , quite a middle-class readership , " he said . "  But certainly someone like Steinbeck was a best-seller as well as a Nobel Prize-winning author of high intent . You do n't feel that now . " And yet , Updike himself never lost his zest for the written word , and the pleasure brought by jotting , tuning , refining -- creating -- a new story , even as the years drifted by . "  An aging writer has the not insignificant satisfaction of a shelf of books behind him that , as they wait for their ideal readers to discover them , will outlast him for a while , " he wrote in AARP The Magazine late last year . "  The pleasures , for him , of book-making ... remain , and retain creation 's giddy bliss . Among those diminishing neurons there lurks the irrational hope that the last book might be the best . " Updike 's most recent novel , "  The Widows of Eastwick , " came out in 2008 . A collection of stories , "  My Father 's Tears and Other Stories , " is due out later this year .	John Updike , author of "  Rabbit " books and "  The Witches of Eastwick , " dies Updike , 76 , had been suffering from lung cancer Pulitzer Prize winner was titan of American letters
CNN  -- The best jockey in America , if not the world , is talking about a sport close to his heart -- baseball . For a man who has just scooped the most prestigious horse race in the U.S. -- the Kentucky Derby -- Joel Rosario seems almost reluctant to talk about life on the track . But get him onto baseball , and it 's a whole other ball game for the all-conquering rider from the Dominican Republic -- a Caribbean island nation that has just one racing venue . "  I like to be a jockey . But I love baseball , " the softly spoken 28-year-old told CNN . "  Growing up I played a lot of baseball . But I was small and did n't weigh much . My family thought maybe I could be a jockey , so when I was 12 my half-brother took me to a jockey school . " Small stature , giddy heights Fast forward 15 years and Rosario is now one of the most successful jockeys on the planet , in the space of just five weeks winning titles his counterparts spend a lifetime chasing . The Latin American , who moved to the U.S. when he was 20 , was catapulted to international stardom in March after winning the world 's richest race , the $ 10 million Dubai World Cup , atop thoroughbred Animal Kingdom . Weeks later he was kissing another coveted trophy , the Kentucky Derby , after conquering the mud-splattered Churchill Downs race course on three-year-old colt , Orb . Notching up almost $ 14 million in prize money this year alone , Rosario has finished in the top three places in a remarkable 57 % of his races . "  There 's no doubt he 's the best jockey in the U.S. today , " said jockey agent Ron Anderson , who has been in the business 40 years and worked with such riding legends as Gary Stevens . "  He 's one of those riders that only comes along every 25 years . He 's so tremendously strong and has so much in rhythm with the horse -- it 's almost like an instinct . " Triple Crown dreams A jockey has n't won America 's prestigious Triple Crown -- which includes the Kentucky Derby , Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes -- in over a decade . Rosario may be just the man to break that drought . After scooping Kentucky -- the first race in the Triple Crown -- earlier this month , the hype surrounding him has reached a deafening pitch . This Saturday all eyes will be on Rosario and wonder horse Orb as they attempt to take the second race in the coveted treble -- the Preakness Stakes . They are the bookmakers ' favorites to win , but Rosario remains a calm island in the middle of the media storm . "  The Triple Crown is the biggest achievement in U.S. horse racing and just to win the first race is something very special to me , " he said . "  Am I going to win on Saturday ? I 'm not sure . But I 'm confident racing , and my horse has a good chance . " Cool , calm , collected "  Good chance " is an understatement . But it 's also indicative of Rosario 's remarkably relaxed attitude to racing . While other jockeys wake at dawn and spend entire days at the stables , Rosario prefers to play his beloved baseball or golf in the afternoons . The country 's top earning jockey usually wakes around 7 a.m. , trains for a few hours , races , and plays sport with his friends when he can . "  He 's a very humble person , he does n't think the sport revolves him , " said Anderson . "  Anyone who does something 365 days a year might not be quite as good as they 'd like . This is a different mindset -- it 's about trying to keep fresh and excited about racing . " Ball games That 's not to say Rosario has n't worked hard to get where he is . But you get the feeling that if he 'd had been just that little bit taller , he would have chosen professional baseball instead of the track . "  Every boy in the Dominican Republic plays baseball . And everyone thinks they 're going to play professionally , " said Anderson . "  They play it every day of the year . They get out of school and play it until it gets dark . So baseball is really embedded in the national psyche . " Growing up on a farm , Rosario was just five years old when he started riding horses . But it was n't until he started jockey school that he first laid eyes on the country 's one and only race track . Once he did , he was focused on success , moving to San Francisco and working his way up to the top circuits . Today he is the only jockey from the Dominican Republic to win the Kentucky Derby -- doing so just weeks after his nation also won the World Baseball Classic . Now it seems that for the very first time , the country 's most famous sports star may not be from the ball park after all .	Baseball-mad Dominican Republic 's sporting hero is n't who you 'd think Introducing Joel Rosario : America 's top jockey , already won over $ 13 million this year After winning prestigious Kentucky Derby , he eyes Saturday 's Preakness Stakes Rosario could be the first jockey in 11 years to win the U.S. Triple Crown
CNN  -- In homes all across America , working parents struggle to pay their bills at the end of the month . College graduates move back in with their parents because student loan debts are so high . Young families juggle two jobs just to afford their rising health care premiums . These are the problems Americans face every single day , in every state across the country . As the heads of the Republican communications offices in the House and the Senate , it 's our job to listen to these problems and share Republican solutions . Our party has heard Americans ' concerns , and that 's why we 've put forward hundreds of bills to help grow the economy , create jobs , expand opportunity and give American families hope for tomorrow . Our conversations with people back home , from the supermarket to the church pews to the doctor 's office , have helped us develop legislative solutions that will make life better for Americans in every corner of this country . The House Republican majority has passed one jobs bill after another -- bills like the Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act , which eliminates costly regulations for small and medium-size businesses , and which passed the House with the support of 36 Democrats . The House passed the America 's Small Business Tax Relief Act , which gives small businesses more certainty by making permanent the maximum expensing allowance at $ 500,000 , and the measure passed with the support of 53 Democrats . And House Republicans advanced the bipartisan Hire More Heroes Act , which would help America 's veterans get back to work by excluding them from Obamacare 's employer mandate threshold and therefore incentivizing businesses to hire them , and that legislation passed the House with almost unanimous Democratic support . And those are just the beginning . Unfortunately , once these bills go to the Democrat-led Senate , their progress comes to an abrupt halt . Scores of jobs bills and other important legislation are currently gathering dust on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's desk . The same thing has happened to Senate Republicans . Senate Republicans have put forward numerous bills to help create jobs and opportunities and solve the challenges facing working families , but Reid has resolutely refused to allow any of them to come to the floor . And Senate Republicans have repeatedly been prevented from offering amendments to Democrat bills , including amendments that would have garnered bipartisan support , like an amendment to repeal Obamacare 's burdensome medical device tax . While the Democratic majority in Washington refuses to debate the challenges facing the American people , Republicans continue to introduce solutions . While Reid ties up the Senate with political gimmicks and boutique bills designed to appeal to Democrats ' far-left base -- like this month 's effort to erase the free speech clause of the First Amendment with a proposed constitutional amendment on campaign contributions that would have empowered incumbent politicians to suppress the speech of their constituents -- Republicans move forward pro-jobs , pro-growth legislation that will get Americans back to work . While Democrats stand in the way of 21st-century solutions that will move our economy forward , Republicans continue to advance them . The contrast between the two parties could n't be more clear : Republicans are working to create jobs for Americans . Democrats are working to save their own . American families ca n't afford to keep waiting for Senate Democrats to get their act together . Unemployment is high , and jobs and opportunities are few and far between . Obamacare has driven up health care premiums and significantly reduced health care choices for some Americans . Gas prices have risen by 84 % since President Obama took office . And household income has fallen by about $ 2,600 . Right now , too many Americans are struggling to make ends meet , support their families , pay their premiums and get back to work . In fact , nearly one in three Americans says their financial situation has gotten worse in the past year . We want to make it better . Americans need solutions . But as long as Reid continues to obstruct meaningful legislation in the Senate , they 're not going to get them . The American people should not have to endure another two-year solutions blockade from Senate Democrats . The Senate needs a new majority with leaders who understand that they were elected to govern and who will work with the House to actually pass legislation to address America 's challenges and provide the relief hard-working American families need : more jobs , increased take-home pay and more opportunities for advancement , expanded workplace flexibility , lower energy prices and real health care reform that will lower costs and put patients in charge . It 's our hope that when Congress reconvenes next year , there will be new leadership in the Senate . We need leaders who will create opportunities , not stand in the way of them . We 're ready and waiting to get things done for the American people . We just need willing partners . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Leaders of Republican conferences make their case for the midterm elections They say a GOP-led Senate would result in a Congress that can solve problems Authors : House has passed bills to improve economy , but they 've been blocked in Senate
Washington  CNN  -- A Marine shot and killed two of his fellow service members at a Virginia base Thursday night and then apparently killed himself , base officials said . The incident took place at Marine Corps Base Quantico . The shooter gunned down a man and a woman , the spokesmen said . All are Marines -- permanent personnel assigned to the officer candidate school . Authorities did not disclose a motive and were investigating the incident . The identities of the victims were not immediately disclosed as authorities worked to notify next of kin . "  It 's been a long night , " Col David Maxwell , the base commander , said Friday . The incident shocked the military community . It comes as the Corps grieves over another tragedy : the deaths of seven U.S. Marines in a training exercise in Nevada on Monday . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel "  was saddened to learn of the shootings at Marine Corps Base Quantico , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said Friday . "  This tragedy , as well as the tragedy in Nevada earlier this week , took the lives of Marines who volunteered to serve their nation . His heart and his prayers are with them and their families . He believes that the legendary strength of the United States Marine Corps will ensure that they are forever remembered , " Little said . Base lockdown Early Marine accounts said the notification of the shooting came late Thursday when authorities found one dead victim . Using a public address system , police announced a lockdown at the base and surrounded the building where the suspect was believed to be barricaded . They ordered everyone to stay in their homes , doors locked , they said . Authorities from the base and Prince William County , Virginia , surrounded the shooter , who was in a barracks not far from where the first shooting occurred . Law enforcement officials entered the barracks two hours later and discovered the shooter dead , apparently of a self-inflicted wound . The female victim was in the room with him , fatally shot . The lockdown ended early Friday , a few hours after it started . As dawn rose over the base , Maxwell told reporters that there were no barricades or a standoff but did not elaborate . The incident was confined to a single barracks at the candidate school . He said "  quick " police reaction helped resolve the situation , first reported at 10:30 p.m. via an emergency call . Soon , security was heightened and a mass notification was issued throughout the base . Base restrictions were lifted a few hours later . Others in the officer candidate school were "  accounted for and safe . " "  As we take care of our Marines and their families that are dealing with this tragedy , I 'd also ask for the support of our neighbors , the community , and their thoughts and prayers as well for our Marines who have lost their comrades-in-arms , " Maxwell said . Quantico , a historic hothouse of Marine ideas and training Visitors to the base will see a grand statue : the Iwo Jima Monument . It gives all who enter pause about the important role the base has played training generations of Marines in forging military doctrine and fighting America 's wars . The statue depicts the historic flag-raising on Mount Suribachi , on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima , during the famous World War II battle there . The Quantico base , started during World War I , has been integral in training , education and forging military doctrine for America 's battles . Early on , amphibious warfare was , the corps said , "  conceived and perfected " there . The Marines there came up with the idea "  of carrying troops from ship to shore by helicopter . " Now , it 's home to the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory , which conducts experiments in modern warfare . "  This is perhaps the only command whose mission touches the farthest reaches of the Corps ; decisions made here impact Marines aboard ship , fighting in the Global War on Terrorism , on guard duty at embassies across the globe and reserve duty throughout the United States , " the Marines said . Federal agencies , such as the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI , share training facilities there . The base also has a reputation across popular culture as a key national security training location . Jack Ryan , writer Tom Clancy 's well-known character in novels and films , for example , took officer training there . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	The shooter gunned down a man and a woman , base officials said The shooter then apparently killed himself , they said ; all are Marines The incident was reported Thursday night Victims are personnel in the officer candidate school
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Al Qaeda is still operating within Pakistan 's mountainous tribal region bordering Afghanistan , and the United States lacks a "  comprehensive " plan for meeting its national security goals there , said a U.S. government study released Thursday . A Pakistani policeman watches over a border area in February 2008 . Despite the United States providing $ 10.5 billion in military and economic aid to Pakistan , a key U.S. ally , the Government Accountability Office said it "  found broad agreement ... that al Qaeda had regenerated its ability to attack the United States and had succeeded in establishing a safe haven " in Pakistan 's Federally Administrated Tribal Areas . Of the $ 10.5 billion in U.S. aid , more than half -- $ 5.8 billion -- was specifically provided for the tribal region , the GAO said . Furthermore , the report said , "  No comprehensive plan for meeting U.S. national security goals in FATA has been developed , as stipulated by the National Security Strategy for Combating Terrorism -LSB- in 2003 -RSB- , called for by an independent commission -LSB- in 2004 -RSB- and mandated by congressional legislation -LSB- in 2007 -RSB- . " "  Our report does not state that the U.S. lacks agency-specific plans ; rather , we found that there was no comprehensive plan that integrated the combined capabilities of Defense , State , USAID -LSB- U.S. Agency for International Development -RSB- , the intelligence community , " GAO said . After the September 11 terrorist attacks , U.S. officials said intelligence indicated that Osama bin Laden and other senior al Qaeda leaders , who had been based in Afghanistan before the attacks on New York and Washington , were operating in the tribal region . Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has denied that claim and has said that U.S. military missions there would violate Pakistan 's sovereignty . So , since 2002 , the United States has "  relied principally on the Pakistan military to address U.S. national security goals " in that region , the GAO report said . Of the $ 5.8 billion the United States provided for aid in the tribal region , 96 percent of it reimbursed Pakistan for military operations there , the agency said . Two of the eight lawmakers who commissioned the GAO report , Democratic Sens. Tom Harkin of Iowa and Bob Menendez of New Jersey , said it indicated a failing on the part of the Bush administration . "  The Bush administration has had six years to come up with a plan to get Osama bin Laden and his group , but it is still flying by the seat of its pants , " Menendez said in a statement . "  We 've dumped 10 billion American taxpayer dollars into Pakistan with the expectation that the terrorists will be hunted down and smoked out , but al Qaeda has been allowed to rejuvenate in the area that is supposed to be locked down , " he said . Harkin called the report 's findings "  appalling . " "  The White House must propose a strategic policy in this area and follow it , especially when we have this new opportunity to forge a fresh strategic relationship with the new civilian government in Pakistan , " he said in a statement . The Defense Department said it agreed with the report 's findings , according to letters attached at the end of the GAO report , but the State Department disagreed with them , saying there was a comprehensive plan in place . A letter from Kathleen Turner , a spokeswoman for the office of the Director of National Intelligence , said that office and the National Counterterrorism Center concurred with the report 's assessment that the United States has not met its national security goals in the tribal region but maintained that there was a plan in place . USAID said that it generally agreed with the report 's recommendation for a comprehensive plan but that work in the tribal areas should be guided by the Pakistani government 's own FATA Sustainable Development Plan from 2006 . E-mail to a friend	Al Qaeda has "  succeeded in establishing a safe haven , " GAO says Report says there is no comprehensive U.S. plan for reaching security goals Democratic critic says report is "  appalling , " blames administration
London  CNN  Occupied France , July 1941 . Michel Chapuis , a charismatic , French art student on assignment for Vogue magazine , was traveling on a busy train alongside peasants and German soldiers . Suddenly , an old women leaned over . "  Before the War , my brother had beautiful English shoes like yours , " she said . The young man froze . "  C'est extraordinaire , " he replied , affecting nonchalance . Luckily , none of the German soldiers overheard this conversation , and he lived to fight another day . And , after surviving three Vichy prisons and five Nazi concentration camps , he became one of the most prominent fashion illustrators of his age . Michel Chapuis , of course , was not his real name . Rather , it was a cover used by Brian Stonehouse , a British spy and talented artist who had parachuted into France the month before as part of the legendary Special Operations Executive  SOE  , a clandestine espionage and sabotage unit . On landing in France , his radio transmitter had become tangled in a tree , and his first few days had been wasted trying to retrieve it without attracting attention . Thereafter , he had gone to ground for two weeks , living on nothing but stolen peaches -- a diet which had left him with acute dysentery -- before risking the train journey to Limoges to make contact with a spy network known as "  Ventriloquist " . Stonehouse had been trained as a clandestine radio operator , and given the codename Celestin . On the train that day he was carrying a paintbox that had been specially adapted to contain a secret transmitter -- the one he had managed to rescue from the tree . A most dangerous mission At that time , the life expectancy of an SOE radio operator in occupied France was just six weeks . Knowing that something as insignificant as a British button on his jacket could give the game away , SOE 's Camouflage Section had painstakingly made Stonehouse 's clothes using French fabric , styles and techniques . But for some reason , he was still wearing British-made shoes . "  He told the story to his sister , but she is n't sure how the mistake occurred , " says Philip Athill , managing director of the Abbot and Holder Ltd art dealer in London , who has collected Stonehouse 's work . "  Maybe he was wearing French shoes to start with but they got ruined , so he changed them at a safe house . Either way , he was lucky to escape . " That Stonehouse was nearly given away by his clothing is ironic : after the War he enjoyed a stellar career as a fashion illustrator , becoming one of the leading artists for Vogue and Harper 's Bazaar . He even painted a portrait of Britain 's Queen Mother , which hangs in the Special Forces Club in London to this day . But this was not before he had spent almost three years in captivity . In October 1942 , the Gestapo were able to triangulate his position during a secret transmission , and Stonehouse was arrested . He spent the rest of the war in various prisons and camps , including in the notorious Dachau concentration camp . He survived only because he was able to draw the guards ' wives and mistresses in exchange for extra food and shelter . From rags to riches Immediately after the War , Stonehouse returned to Dachau to make sketches of the crematoria , in order to "  bear witness "  these drawings are currently held at the Imperial War Museum in London  . He was also able to use his exceptional visual memory to serve his country one last time . Officials from SOE were trying to find out what had happened to four of their female officers ; Stonehouse was able to draw from memory four well-dressed women that he had seen being taken to their deaths by the Nazis the year before . His sketches matched their photographs . As a result , their files were closed and their families were informed of their deaths . It was while Stonehouse was acting as a witness at the War Crimes Tribunal that he met the American socialite Harry Haller , then a major in the United States Army . Haller persuaded Stonehouse to move to New York to join the large number of Second World War émigré illustrators who were shaping America 's fashion trends . With Haller 's help , Stonehouse quickly became part of the high society scene , rubbing shoulders with Henry Fonda and his fourth glamorous wife , the Italian baroness Afdera Franchetti , as well as members of Hemingway 's circle . In 1952 , Jessica Davies , an editor at Vogue , made Stonehouse the first new illustrator to be taken on by the magazine since 1939 . "  In those days , there was a belief that illustration showed how the clothes should be worn better than photography , " says Athill . "  The magazines were split evenly between photographs and illustration . It was the golden age of fashion illustration . " Tinker , tailor , artist , spy Stonehouse died of a heart attack in 1998 , and his pictures have been brought together for the first time at Abbot and Holder Ltd , where they can be purchased . They have also been collected in a new book , "  Brian Stonehouse , MBE , 1918-1998 " , by Frederic A Sharf and Michelle Tolini Finamore  Sharf , $ 24.95  . "  Normally , fashion illustrations of the period were thrown away after they had been published , " says Athill . "  But something inside Stonehouse made him keep everything . "  Six years ago , members of his family discovered a box of his pictures and brought them to a British Legion road show in Bury St Edmunds to be evaluated . Eventually they were auctioned , and I recognized their rarity and purchased them . " Since then , Athill has become increasingly fascinated with Stonehouse , becoming acquainted with his surviving family and several of his friends  including 83-year-old Afdera Franchetti  . Athill believes that the same qualities lay behind Stonehouse 's aptitude as an artist and as a spy . "  He was a perennial outsider and an observer , " he says . "  He was illegitimate and was brought up largely by his mother in France , and never became part of mainstream society . "  But despite these challenges , he had shown the inner strength to remain balanced in the face of adversity . He was incredibly handsome , charismatic and well-liked , and throughout his life , people noticed him -- from his commanding officer to the editor of Vogue . "  That is what must have caught the attention of British spy masters . " Behind the scenes at the legendary Studio 54 Unseen photos of Astaire , Garbo , Churchill and others Lethal beauty in the Wild West : Tiffany & Co 's rare bejeweled show guns	Brian Stonehouse was a British spy in WWII He was arrested in 1942 and survived three prisons and five concentration camps Stonehouse later emigrated to America and became a top fashion illustrator for Vogue magazine
CNN  -- Football season is officially over . All 726 collegiate Bowl Games are in the books . The ink is dry on National Signing Day . And after a safety and ensuing punt officially closed the lights on the NFL season , sports lovers are left to ponder one extremely heavy-hearted question : "  Now what ? " With all due respect to the boys of summer , pigskin has shoved its way ahead of all other sports , using two heavily gloved hands to grab hold of the mantle as America 's Pastime . But simply because football has taken a knee for a few months , that does n't mean the average fan needs to go into hibernation . Here now , seven suitable substitutes to keep us all warm during the winter . 1 . NHL -- In case you were unaware , which would be entirely understandable , relations have thawed between the world 's best ice hockey players and those who sign their checks .  Note : It 's likely that most financial transactions actually occur care of direct deposit , but let 's not split hairs , especially when it comes to those sporting iconic mullets .  The business is no longer in the front , and the party is in fact back , because after a 113-day lockout , which cost the league some 625 games and more than half a season , in mid-January the NHL returned to rinks across North America . After long labor standoff , NHL players finally back on ice Now with a condensed season  48 games for each club  that began roughly three weeks ago , each skate means that much more . "  Barns " will be a rockin ' , and teeth will go a flyin ' , as goal-scorers and enforcers alike are forced to ratchet up their intensity and sharpen up their elbows . So pull your favorite team sweater out of the closet and dust off your abacus -- it 's time to re-calculate "  plus-minus . " And toss the Gillette Fusion ProGlide back into your medicine cabinet , because it 's never too early to start cultivating that playoff beard . 2 . PGA -- We 're still a handful of J.B. Holmes drives from hearing Jim Nantz 's signature "  Hello Friends " as the CBS mic-master welcomes us to The Masters in Augusta , reminding all that it remains "  a tradition unlike any other . " And while April and Amen Corner truly announce golf season , there are early signs to suggest the PGA is nearing full swing . On January 31 , Phil Mickelson came within a breath of posting only the sixth sub-60 round of all-time , and three days later South Korean rookie James Hahn took the training wheels off golf 's first celebratory Gangnam Style putting green jig . Certainly , we 're a far cry from seeing PSY paired with Bill Murray at Pebble Beach , but weekends spent watching the world 's best play 36 holes , against some of the world 's most captivating backgrounds ? That 's one way to beat February 's frozen tundra . Mickelson flirts with history in wire-to-wire Phoenix win 3 . College Basketball -- There is a prevailing theory that suggests the average fan does n't begin paying attention to on-campus hoops until after the Super Bowl . OK then , here we go ! With perennial powerhouses like Duke , Kansas , Indiana , Syracuse , Arizona and Michigan all littering the top 10 , the rankings feel like a familiar throw blanket under which one might curl , as temperatures in Big East and Big 10 country drop to mirroring single digits . But with no undefeated or one-loss teams to be found , and four schools having claimed the No. 1 ranking in each of the last four weeks , expect the hardwood to heat up significantly as we dribble toward Selection Sunday . 4 . The NBA 's All-Star Weekend -- If you 're feeling old , this wo n't help . On February 17 , the greatest player to slip on sneakers turns 50 . While Michael Jordan 's Hall of Fame career often centered around an epic accumulation of numbers  more than 32,000 points , 10 scoring titles , 6 world championships ,  seeing a sixth decade is an accomplishment unique unto itself , especially in as much as it will occur exactly on the evening of the game in which he starred 14 times . Beginning February 15 , the NBA 's All-Star Weekend blasts off from Houston , and "  His Airness " figures to be prominently featured throughout the festivities . Long before "  King James " and the "  Black Mamba " had their own signature swoosh , every kid in America wanted to "  Be Like Mike " 5 . The Daytona 500 - Unofficially referred to as the "  Super Bowl of Racing , " the green flag drops from Northern Florida on February 24 , bringing about a season that will feature such fanciful phrases as "  restrictor plate racing " and "  Boogity Boogity Boogity !!! " Now why the sport holds its biggest event to begin the season is still as curious as the notion that NASCAR could list the left-directional as the sport 's most important piece of equipment . Nonetheless , with "  The Great American Race " just around the corner in Turn 3 , it 's time to refamiliarize ourselves with a world in which "  drafting " has nothing to do with the Army , nor anyone 's baseball keeper league . 6 . The World Baseball Classic - Speaking of all things diamond , we 're officially within a week from hearing the four most magical words in any baseball fan 's vocabulary : "  Pitchers and catchers report . " But in the event that the start of spring training is n't enough for the average fungo fanatic , this years Grapefruit and Cactus League schedules will wrestle with the welcome interruption that comes care of the World Baseball Classic  first pitch , March 2  . Created in 2005 as an answer to hardball being pulled from the Olympics , the 2013 tournament will be the third edition of the international event , and it arrives carrying a catcher 's mitt full of story lines . Can anyone dethrone two-time champion Japan ? How will opposing WBC pitchers deal with a loaded lineup coming out of Venezuela  Marco Scutaro , Pablo Sandoval , Miguel Cabrera and Carlos Gonzalez hitting 2-3-4-5  ? And just how slick will a Dominican Republic infield be that could put Hanley Ramirez , Robinson Cano and Jose Reyes all on the lip of the grass at the same time ? 7 . NFL Combine - Even though fans will be without the pleasure of watching an actual , meaningful football game until after Labor Day , there will be plenty of tertiary topics to digest between now and the next series of opening kick-offs . Switching into a three-day format in 2010 , and gobbling up a primetime position in the process , the popularity of the NFL draft has increased exponentially , comparing favorably with the vertical leap and 40-time of your average "  Mike " linebacker . But before a single war room phone rings , and prior to the donning of any brand new Nike team caps , a week at the scouting combine in Indianapolis  February 20-26  , gives football fans the chance to punch up the NFL Network and join stopwatch-toting GMs in evaluating the latest crop of linemen as though they were livestock . In the days that follow , avid NFL aficionados will wear out their index finger refreshing Mel Kiper Jr. and Todd McShay 's latest mock drafts . And iPhones coast-to-coast will overflow with push notifications blasting the latest trade rumors . Come the April 25 draft fans will descend upon New York City 's famed Radio City Music Hall in hopes of hearing their favorite club call the name of a left tackle who can protect their quarterback 's blindside for the next decade . Until then , the Kansas City Chiefs are on the clock For the rest of us , there 's plenty to watch .	Football season is over , but CNN 's Jason Kurtz has your guide to reasonable substitutes Hockey 's back after a 113-day lockout that cost the NHL 625 games and over half a season As for college basketball , Kurtz says to "  expect the hardwood to heat up significantly " Michael Jordan will turn 50 on February 17 during the NBA 's 62nd All-Star Weekend
East Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- A man who police say might have looked to the work of an infamous Cleveland serial killer for his inspiration was formally charged Monday in the deaths of three women whose bodies were found over the weekend , two of which are still unidentified . Michael Madison , 35 , was ordered held on $ 6 million bond after authorities filed three counts of aggravated murder and three counts of kidnapping against him . The bodies were found within a few blocks from each other in East Cleveland over the weekend . The first victim was found Friday in the garage leased by Madison . She was naked with signs of trauma , police said . Two other bodies were found Saturday -- one in an abandoned house , the other in a nearby field . One of those women was wearing a green hoodie , and the other was wearing a leopard-print leotard . All three victims appear to be young black women . Their decomposed bodies were wrapped similarly in plastic garbage bags and taped up , authorities said . Mayor Gary Norton believes the killings happened over a 10-day period and that the same assailant is responsible . Norton identified one of the women , previously known as Victim No. 2 , as Angela Deskins , 38 , of Cleveland . Help sought to ID two other victims Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner Thomas Gilson pleaded with help from the public to identify the other women , one of whom had several tattoos , including two featuring the name "  Gene . " Their identification could take days , he said . East Cleveland police Chief Ralph Spotts declined to answer questions about the case . "  This is an ongoing investigation . We are nowhere near done , " he said . Madison might have been influenced by serial killer Anthony Sowell , who was sentenced to death in 2011 after being convicted of killing 11 women in Cuyahoga County , Norton said . "  Unfortunately , this is a sick individual who appears to have been influenced by another sick individual , " Norton said over the weekend . "  If he had been out for one more hour , there 's no telling what would have happened . " Spotts and Norton thanked residents who assisted in the weekend search for potential victims . Some 100 people helped , they said . Fast facts on serial killers Who is the suspect ? The trail that led to Madison 's arrest began with a foul odor coming from the garage he leased , East Cleveland police Detective Sgt. Scott Gardner said . That 's where police found the first body . Authorities got a search warrant for Madison 's apartment Friday and found "  additional evidence of decomposition " there , Gardner said . Police later found Madison at his mother 's house in nearby Cleveland . After a standoff , he was taken into custody . When detectives returned to Madison 's neighborhood to scour for evidence Saturday , they found the other two bodies in the field and the abandoned house . According to police , Madison was convicted of attempted rape in 2001 and is a registered sex offender . CNN could not immediately reach a representative for Madison . Shaeaun Child , a neighbor who tipped police off about the foul smell in the garage , told CNN he knows Madison . He said the two once argued over a blocked driveway . "  From what I know , he was an OK person when I first met him . And then from there , he actually , he had a lot of conflicts with different girls that he knew , " Child said . "  When he real upset with someone , he get real loud . You could hear him like two blocks away . " CNN 's John Branch , Chris Welch , Morgan Winsor and Alina Cho contributed to this report	NEW : Medical examiner asks for public help in two unidentified victims Suspect in the deaths of three women is charged with aggravated murder , kidnapping Michael Madison , 35 , has been arrested in the deaths The suspect "  idolized " serial killer Anthony Sowell , the mayor of East Cleveland says
CNN  -- Electronic Arts will be the exclusive provider of games based on the Star Wars series , Disney and the game developer announced jointly on Monday . Following Disney 's acquisition of Lucasfilm last year , it shut down the LucasArts game development division , indicating its preference to license console games rather than develop them in-house . Now , Electronic Arts will be the only publisher creating Star Wars games for a "  core gaming audience , " according to today 's press release . Electronic Arts said that its in-house game teams DICE  Battlefield  and Visceral  Dead Space  will work on Star Wars titles , in addition to BioWare , the team behind EA 's existing Star Wars MMO The Old Republic . Meanwhile , Disney will "  retain certain rights to develop new titles within the mobile , social , tablet and online game categories . " My initial take : While this might seem like a great arrangement for Electronic Arts and Disney , I can not see how taking away the element of competition will be good for the quality of Star Wars games . Individually licensing out Star Wars games to different publishers and developers might have ushered in a variety of creative ideas and directions for the franchise , but locking out anyone that is n't affiliated with Electronic Arts seems like a commitment to the same old , same old . "  Every developer dreams of creating games for the Star Wars universe , " said EA Labels President Frank Gibeau . And now , unless they go work at EA , they ca n't . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Electronic Arts will have exclusive rights to "  Star Wars " video games After acquiring Lucasfilm , Disney shut down the LucasArts games division EA already makes the multiplayer "  Star Wars : The Old Republic "
The ball is now in Congress ' court . Less than one week after President Barack Obama asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion to address the tens of thousands of immigrant children who have crossed the southern border in recent months , Congress is now tasked with doing something about it . It can pass it , do nothing or craft a new bill . It looks as if the latter approach is the most likely . The path to a solution , however , does n't appear easy . Democrats and Republicans are deeply divided on both the causes of the problem and the ways to solve it . Republicans appeared on the political talk shows Sunday with a mostly unified message , and their message contrasted starkly with the Democrats ' position . Republicans indicated that Obama 's request , which includes $ 1.8 billion to care for the children in U.S. custody , is not going to advance beyond their in-boxes . While they support the allocation of some money , numerous Republicans said Sunday that any money should be "  targeted " to quickly deport the youths and to beef up border security . Fast deportations "  We should do targeted appropriations where it 's needed to make sure that we are able to detain people and send them back to their countries , " Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said on ABC 's "  This Week . " His colleague , Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , is a member of a group appointed by House Speaker John Boehner to come up with border crisis solutions . He said funding should "  provide more swift removal and return " to immigrants ' Central American countries . Change the law ... A 2008 law that unanimously passed the House and Senate and signed into law by President George W. Bush is prohibiting most of the unaccompanied children from being immediately sent back to their home countries . The William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Action Act was written to protect young victims of human and sex trafficking . It states that minors must be humanely cared for , united with relatives living in the United States if possible and given a day in court to present their need for asylum . "  We think that law needs to be changed , " McCaul said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who is considered a moderate voice on immigration and was a leading Republican to help pass comprehensive immigration reform through the Senate last year , said the children must be quickly sent home by the planeload . McCain : Stopping child immigrant nightmare must include returning children , securing border "  All we need to do is change the act , the Trafficking Victims Prevention Act , to treat these children the same way as we do with Canada and especially Mexico , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " noting that children crossing borders from America 's two neighbors can be immediately turned away . ... but do n't But as violence is pandemic in Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador , the countries from where most of the children are coming , Democrats are reluctant to change the law , as some children are escaping violence and possible death . Many Democrats want to ensure that those who are facing life-threatening situations at home are given the opportunity to stay in the United States . "  I will say this : Follow the law , and the law said that we must put the children 's interests first , which is what President Barack Obama is doing , " Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Rep. Joaquin Castro , D-Texas , agreed . He said the children should be able to make their cases for asylum . "  I think we 've got to be care when we consider completely doing away that that law . " But McCaul hinted that he did n't support wiping out the law , just altering it . "  Those  children  with a fear of persecution and violence will have a legal basis to possibly stay , " he said . Not much time While McCaul said the border crisis "  demands action " that should occur "  soon , " time is slipping away . Congress ' monthlong August break is quickly approaching . Boehner last week said he will wait until his self-appointed working group comes up with a proposal before the House moves forward . Coming to agreement in a Congress where the Senate is controlled by Democrats and the House by Republicans is not usually a quick process . While 57,000 immigrant children have entered the U.S. since October , another 30,000 are expected in the next 2 1/2 months . Secure the border The two sides are also sharply at odds over the issue of border security . Republicans say too little money is in the President 's emergency request to protect the border . Of the $ 3.7 billion request , $ 433 million would be for Customs and Border Protection , the agency in charge of border security . "  The way to deal with it is to secure the border first , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Texas Gov. Rick Perry is leading the Republican charge for additional resources at the border . Perry to Texas reps : Do n't approve Obama 's border proposal "  If you have a patient who is bleeding profusely , the first thing you have to do is stop the bleeding , and that 's the reason we have been so adamant about securing the border , " Perry said on "  Face the Nation . " He is calling on Obama to send 1,000 National Guard troops to the border that could "  show the force . " Those troops would be temporary , until an additional 3,000 Border Patrol agents would be permanently placed . "  Gov. Perry 's just wrong , " is Gutierrez 's reaction . "  The border is secure ; the fact is , the children are handing themselves over to the Border Patrol agents . " McCain said the U.S. needs to spend "  about $ 6 billion " to secure the borders . Since 2002 , spending on border security has more than doubled . The budget for Customs and Border Protection has ballooned from $ 5 billion to $ 12.4 billion in just over a decade , with steady increases each year , according to Homeland Security Department budget documents . The number of Border Patrol agents have also more than doubled . More than 18,611 agents patrolled the southern border in 2013 , which comes to about 9.7 agents per mile , according to Customs and Border Protection . But on "  Fox News Sunday , " Perry insisted that more money needs to be spent . Obama needs to be "  realistic about the problem and how you deal with the problem -- and it is a border security issue . " "  You can keep throwing money and talk about enforcement , enforcement , enforcement , but you 've got to put money also into your judicial system , and you 've got to put money in a comprehensive program that deals with the issue , " Gutierrez responded . Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , succinctly framed the dynamics of the current debate on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " It "  certainly appears most of the parties have gone to their mutual corners , " he said . "  We 've got to get past that . " Is the immigration crisis Rick Perry 's second act ? Immigration statistics facts	Republicans say more money should be "  targeted " to quickly deport immigrant children Democrats say the youths deserve their day in court Republicans also say that lax border security is the problem Democrats point out that many children turn themselves in to the Border Patrol
CNN  -- Serbia 's Novak Djokovic quickly found his feet on a court he had deemed "  dangerous " to brush aside Olivier Rochus of Belgium in a Davis Cup tie in Charleroi Friday . It was the world number one 's first match since winning the Australian Open last Sunday and his victory has given his country a 2-0 lead as they bid for a quarterfinal place in the World Group . The red clay surface laid in the Spiroudome de Charleroi had been the main talking point in the build up to the tie , with Djokovic , who has had little time to rest since his Melbourne triumph , tweeting : "  Being extra careful here . The conditions are quite dangerous 4 all players . I know organisers did their best , but still ... worried . " In the end , Djokovic 's fears proved unfounded as he took just one hour 39 minutes to beat Rochus 6-3 6-2 6-2 , returning to Davis Cup action after missing the 2012 edition . His teammate Viktor Troicki had a much tougher task in the opening rubber and he had to come from two sets down to beat David Goffin 1-6 3-6 7-6 6-4 6-4 in thrilling match . Read : Djokovic sets sights on Paris after Australia win Goffin , who had been unbeaten in his three Davis Cup appearances in singles , served for the match at two sets to the good and 5-4 , but allowed Troicki to break back after a series of unforced errors . The Serbian took the set on a tight tiebreak and a single break of service in each of the next two sets was enough to give him victory in just under four hours . Match referee Remy Azemar had ruled the court fit before the start of the two singles rubbers after some last-minute remedial work . The International Tennis Federation  ITF  issued a statement after Djokovic 's remarks and complaints from the Serbian captain Bojan Obradovic . "  Under Davis Cup regulations , it is the responsibility of the home nation to ensure a playable court surface is available for each tie . There has been some speculation that laying the temporary clay court surface on wood was a source of the problem , " it read . "  The ITF would like to thank the Federation Royale Belge de Tennis for their response to our requests and their efforts over the last 24 hours to ensure that the court is fit for play and we look forward to a weekend of exciting Davis Cup tennis . " Holders Czech Republic ended the first day of their rubber with Switzerland in Geneva tied at 1-1 . Stanislas Wawrinka , who pushed Djokovic all the way in a five-set epic in Australia , gave the home side the lead with a straight sets win over Lukas Rosol . Wawrinka , leading the Swiss in the absence of Roger Federer , beat Rafael Nadal 's conqueror at Wimbledon last year 6-4 6-3 6-4 . But Tomas Berdych drew the Czechs level with a four sets win over 20-year-old Henri Laaksonen . Berdych dropped the third set to the promising home player but prevailed 6-3 6-2 6-7 6-1 .	Novak Djokovic beats Olivier Rochus in straight sets Gives Serbia 2-0 first day lead over Belgium in Davis Cup Djokovic playing first match since winning Australian Open Holders Czech Republic level at 1-1 against Switzerland
CNN  -- Singer Andy Williams has bladder cancer , is undergoing treatment and plans to return to performing in 2012 , he said . "  You may have read or heard that I have bladder cancer . It 's true and I 'm currently undergoing treatment to deal with it , " Williams said in a statement . The singer also told fans at a concert in Branson , Missouri , Saturday night that he has cancer , a reporter who attended the concert told CNN on Sunday . "  But that is no longer a death sentence . People with cancer are getting through this thing , " Williams said , according to Tyler Francke with the Branson Tri-Lakes News . "  They 're kicking it , and they 're winning more and more every year . And I 'm going to be one of them , " Francke quoted the singer as saying . Williams , 83 , shared the news during his Christmas Show at the Moon River Theater , which he founded in 1992 , according to the theater 's website . "  Moon River " was one of Williams ' most popular songs . The description of Williams ' Christmas Show on his website lists several guest stars , and notes that "  due to health reasons , Andy may not make a live appearance in his Christmas Show . " In his statement , the singer said he plans to return to performing in 2012 . Attempts by CNN to contact the Moon River Theater for comment were not immediately successful . Williams began his singing career as a child in a quartet with his three older brothers . He later got a regular gig on Steve Allen 's "  Tonight " show and then his own variety program , "  The Andy Williams Show , " in the 1960s . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Williams says he is undergoing treatment for bladder cancer The singer founded his own theater in 1992 Williams started singing with his brothers at church
CNN  -- Authorities in New York 's Nassau County are investigating the stabbing of reputed former mob boss John A. "  Junior " Gotti , but the victim has not been cooperating with the investigation , according to police . Aside from telling authorities he was stabbed while in the parking lot of a pharmacy , Gotti did n't say what happened Sunday night , police said Monday Gotti arrived at a Syosset hospital on Sunday evening at 10 p.m. seeking treatment for a stab wound . Per hospital protocol , the facility notified authorities , and Nassau police responded . Gotti said he had been stabbed in the parking lot of a CVS store in Syosset at around 9:45 p.m. Sunday . He refused to answer any further questions , according to Nassau police . "  We are investigating , along with the Nassau Police Department , a stabbing that occurred in Syosset , New York on Sunday evening involving John ` Junior ' Gotti , " said Shams Tarek , communications director for the Nassau County district attorney 's office . The hospital had no one registered under Gotti 's name Monday night , and his whereabouts and condition could not be determined . The 49-year-old Gotti is the son of the late John Joseph Gotti Jr. who was once the boss of the infamous Gambino crime family in New York . The elder Gotti died of cancer in federal prison 11 years ago while he was serving a life sentence for a murder and racketeering conviction . Junior Gotti has long insisted that he retired from organized crime after pleading guilty in 1999 to racketeering and agreeing to serve five years in prison . He was released in 2005 . He was indicted four times between 2004-2009 on mob-related charges . All four of those trials ended in a mistrial . Federal authorities appeared to give up when in January 2010 they said in court papers : "  In light of all the circumstances , the government has decided not to proceed with the prosecution against John A. Gotti . " Gotti 's lawyer , Charles Carnesi , did not return calls Monday seeking comment . Mob week : Why we ca n't get enough of the gangster life	` Junior ' Gotti is the son of infamous cime boss John Gotti , who died in prison in 2002 A hospital in Syosset , New York , called police after Junior Gotti arrived with a stab wound Gotti told police he 'd been stabbed in a parking lot , but he refused other questions
CNN  -- Pamela Rauseo was stuck in traffic on a Miami highway Thursday when her 5-month-old nephew , strapped into his car seat behind her , stopped screaming -- and she knew something was very wrong . "  That was a red flag for me , because the car was at a standstill , and he 'd had a little bit of a cold , and I knew that he was congested , so I got really worried , " Rauseo said Friday of her nephew , Sebastian de la Cruz . She had good reason to worry as she stopped along State Road 836 , a six-lane stretch of concrete known locally as the Dolphin Expressway . "  I pulled over on the left , and I jumped to the back to check up on him , and he was out . He was sleeping , and I touched him to stimulate him . I got no response , so I took him out of his car seat , and he was completely limp and turning purple . I tried to call 911 , but I was just so nervous , my hands would n't function . " Rauseo screamed for help , and fellow motorists responded . Lucila Godoy was among the first . "  I was driving in the middle lane ; she was in the fast lane , and all of a sudden I see her , and she 's screaming and she 's holding the baby and she 's putting it up and down , " Godoy said . "  I just stopped the car and jumped out of the car , and I asked her what was going on , and we started working as a team . " Godoy had taken a CPR course when she was pregnant in Venezuela with her own son , also named Sebastian . "  I did n't even think about it , " she said . "  I just hold the baby like my baby . ... When I heard her screaming ` Sebastian , ' that was hard . " Soon , Sweetwater Police officer Amauris Bastidas stopped and helped the women perform chest compressions on the struggling infant , who resumed breathing on his own . "  Save someone 's life -- that 's my duty , " the officer , usually assigned to bike patrol at Dolphin Mall , told CNN affiliate WFOR . "  My duty to act . " Miami Herald photographer Al Diaz was among those stuck in traffic . "  An SUV stops in front of me , and I did n't think anything of it , " he told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  But I started hearing screaming , and I could n't tell where the screams come from , and I looked at my phone , and I looked at my radio and I look up again , and a woman pops out of a car holding a baby , screaming , ` Help me ! Help me ! My baby 's not breathing . ' " He went looking for help and found it coming from all sides , then snapped into his mode as a photographer and began documenting what he saw . "  That moment now is frozen in my mind , " he said . "  That 's just the way I see . " But the ordeal was not over . Sebastian stopped breathing again . "  It was like the nightmare started all over again , " Rauseo said . Bastidas resumed performing chest compressions , "  and the baby finally reacted , and this time it was for much longer -- until the fire/rescue came . " Sebastian was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital , where he was in critical condition Friday , his aunt said . "  We 're confident he 'll be fine , " Rauseo said . "  We just need to get to the root of what 's causing these issues for him . "	An infant stops breathing on a Miami highway His aunt screams for help , and motorists respond A photographer documents the ordeal
CNN  -- The images of Neda Agha Soltan 's death on the streets of Tehran transformed her into an icon for Iran 's opposition movement . But very few know of Ramin Ramezani , who was killed five days before Neda during last year 's post-election demonstrations in the Iranian capital . "  I always say Neda is the miracle of the century , " Ramin 's mother Zahra Ramezani told CNN by phone . "  Neda was destined to be known to everyone . If Ramin is n't known to everyone , that 's OK . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's landslide re-election on June 12 , 2009 , had sparked the biggest protests in Iran since the 1979 revolution . The following Monday , hundreds of thousands marched to Tehran 's Azadi square , calling the vote a sham . Ramin was among the crowd . Watch YouTube video of the chaos that day Ramin was on leave from military duty , back in Tehran to celebrate his 22nd birthday , just six days away . His parents told CNN that he had voted for Mir Hossein Moussavi , the opposition candidate who had energized young Iranians with promises of a freer society , more rights for women , and better relations with the West . Around 6 p.m. that day , Ramin called his parents and told them not to worry , they said . He said he 'd be home later that evening . An hour later , just blocks away from Azadi square , violence erupted at a base for the Basij , Iran 's pro-government militia . Protesters surrounded the building , shattered its windows with rocks , and set fire to several rooms . Amateur video from the scene showed several armed members of the Basij on the rooftop apparently firing shots . It was here , Ramin 's parents said , that their son was killed . A single bullet entered the right side of his chest , tore through both his lungs and killed him within minutes , his parents said . There was no way to know who fired the shot . It is widely believed that Ramin and several others who were killed on June 15 were the first casualties of the opposition movement 's protests . When Ramin did n't show up at home , the Ramezanis stayed up all night trying to reach him . Zahra Ramezani said she called Ramin 's cell phone every hour but no one answered . The following day they received a brief call from a man who did not identify himself . "  He said , ` If you want your son 's remains , ' and as soon as he said ` remains ' there was chaos in our home , " said Zahra Ramezani . "  We were all hitting ourselves , screaming and shouting . " For Ramin 's parents the nightmare was just beginning . Over the course of a week , they said they searched for Ramin 's remains in five hospitals . They pleaded with officials at two courthouses and the interior ministry to help them find their son 's body . Authorities said they would investigate . Finally , at a prison morgue , a prison official showed Ramin 's father the picture of his son 's remains on a computer screen . "  For about one hour I lost myself , " Mehdi Ramezani said . "  I was hitting myself in the face and the head , asking , ` Why is my son 's naked remains on this monitor ? ' " Mehdi Ramezani said an official at the prison morgue warned him to keep quiet about his son 's death . "  They made me promise them not to cause a big commotion during his funeral , " Mehdi Ramezani said . "  They said it would n't be good for your future and the future of your children . " Calls to Iran 's judiciary and security officials seeking comment were not returned . Until now , Zahra and Mehdi Ramezani have never spoken to the international media . But after keeping silent for more than nine months , they still do n't know any more about how their son died . "  They still have n't told us anything , " Zahra Ramezani said . "  They said , ` We did n't shoot him . ' Then who shot him ? " Human rights groups say around 80 people were killed during Iran 's 2009 post-election protests , while Iran 's government puts the number at about half of that . While Iran has charged prison officials with torturing to death some of those detained after the demonstrations , no one has been charged in any of the deaths during the protests . Authorities in Iran have told CNN they are investigating the deaths , but the Ramezanis say they are losing hope . Every Friday morning the Ramezanis visit Tehran 's main cemetery where their son 's gravesite sits just steps away from Neda Agha Soltan 's . Ramin 's parents say they do n't want the attention Neda is getting . All they want is someone to tell them who killed these two young Iranians and why . "  A good and ideal government is for everyone , even those who oppose it , " said Zahra Ramezani . "  If they consider themselves servants of Iran , then they owe us something . "	Parents of slain protester wants to know who killed their son They have not spoken to the international media until now , fearing their safety Iranian authorities have said they are investigating
CNN  -- Tayna Fogle sat just behind Sen. Rand Paul , nodding her head and listening as he pressed the case with Kentucky state senators to restore felon voting rights . "  Kids do make mistakes . White kids make mistakes . Black kids make mistakes . Brown kids make mistakes , " Paul told the Kentucky state Senate committee considering a constitutional amendment to restore the voting rights of some felons on Wednesday . "  But when you look at the prison population , three out of the four people in prison are black or brown . " Fogle whispered : "  Good for you . I 'm glad someone is speaking up . " She felt as if he was narrating her life . In 1991 , the former University of Kentucky basketball team captain received a 10-year sentence for crack cocaine possession . Since her release , she has been unable to vote . "  I remember when my mom showed me how to vote for the very first time . I remember watching the movies of my ancestors getting mauled by dogs and water hoses , " Fogle said , her voice cracking a bit . "  It changed my life completely . I was an embarrassment to my family . My community . " "  I 'm not making any excuses for my behavior . Should I have gotten a 10-year sentence ? Yes , I should have . Have I served my time ? Yes , I have . " Holder calls for restoring ex-cons ' voting rights The issue of restoring felon voting rights has made for some unusual alliances as former felons , like Fogle , see in lawmakers like Paul , a tea party-backed Republican , a champion . Nationally , about 5.8 million people are prohibited from voting because of current or previous felony convictions , according to Attorney Gen. Eric Holder . In the swing states of Florida and Virginia , one in five black adults is unable to vote because of these laws , according to Holder . In Paul 's home state of Kentucky , it 's also one in five . "  Somewhere along the line he gained a lot of knowledge , " Fogle said of Paul 's push to restore voting rights to nonviolent felons . "  He has seen the disenfranchisement , " said Fogle , a community organizer with Kentuckians for the Commonwealth , a nonprofit grassroots organization that has pushed to restore the voting rights of felons . One place where he notices that is west Louisville 's predominantly African-American neighborhoods , a community where Paul sticks out at the grassroots gatherings he 's attended . The potential 2016 presidential candidate has spent quite a bit of time over the past year in that area and at the Plymouth Community Renewal Center listening to black men vent frustration over not being able to vote after completing their prison terms for nonviolent crimes . Paul said he started thinking that this is exactly the type of issue that could help build a bridge between the Republican Party and African-American voters . "  It 's an important issue . When you look at who is being deprived of voting they are disproportionately people of color , " Paul told the state Senate panel . It is a lesson he says was brought home for him in real terms while hanging out in west Louisville . "  In the last six months or so , I 've been over to the Plymouth Community Center in the west side of Louisville and I met a lot of people there who are very smart , very bright , very articulate who told me they ca n't vote because  because they are felons  , " Paul said in a phone interview before the hearing . "  I 've become aware of the problem ... not just in regard to voting but also in terms of getting work . " Paul 's push to change laws he says disenfranchise black menâ $ " a longtime crusade of many civil rights organizations and minority lawmakersâ $ " echoes the slow evolution of the Republican Party following huge losses among African-American voters during the 2012 presidential election . Tough racial issues face GOP in minority outreach An internal autopsy of sorts conducted last year by the Republican National Committee revealed a wide gap between the party and African American voters . The GOP moved to try and fix the rift by beefing up outreach . "  We 've been improving our messaging because we need to , " said Orlando Watson , the RNC communications director for black media and a former Paul staffer . "  But we need to speak to how our messaging  improves the lives  of all Americans . " As the RNC was working on its messaging problem , potential presidential contenders such as Paul also began tentatively reaching out to minority voters . Paul 's speeches at historically black colleges Howard University in Washington and Simmons College in Louisville , among others have been met with mixed reviews . He was roiled for what some saw as a condescending tone in his questioning whether Howard students knew that the NAACP founders were Republican . But he also received kudos for just showing up . Last year , he was the first major Republican to speak at Howard since Colin Powell in 1994 . Efforts like Paul 's illustrate the delicate dance the GOP must undertake if it is to appeal to minority voters in a way that is sincere , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  If the policies are wrong and are n't framed in a way that is appealing to minorities they are going to be a hard sell to minorities , " she said . Paul may have just struck the right chord . During his lunch last week with Holder , Paul said he talked about their shared concerns about laws that disenfranchise black men , including mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent crimes . Paul 's also crafting a federal measure that would restore voting rights for felons who committed nonviolent crimes . "  We have to convince people we do care , " Paul said during a phone interview of the GOP 's outreach to minorities . "  We do care about what is going on in areas of long-term poverty and long-term crime . " Currently , 11 states restrict or completely deny voting rights to prisoners even after they 've completed sentences , probation and parole . In Florida , for example , roughly 10 % of the population is banned from voting as a result of these laws . "  There 's a racial outcome in who 's incarcerated in our country , " Paul told the state senators . "  Not only is the incarceration unfair but they get out and their voting rights are impaired . " As for Fogle , who got a chance to meet Paul and take a picture with him , she points out that her son registered as a Republican by accident when he voted for the first time . She 's encouraged him to keep the party affiliation . "  I told him it did n't matter , " she said . "  As long as he voted . " A more diverse slate of Republican presidential possibles CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Rand Paul and ex-con activists united on push to restore voting rights to some felons Paul 's efforts also help him make inroads among black voters Minorities disproportionately impacted by laws banning former felons from voting Swing states among those with largest numbers of ex felons banned from voting
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho has admitted that he is likely to take over at Real Madrid , in an attempt to become the first coach in history to win the Champions League with three different clubs . In the aftermath of Inter Milan 's 2-0 victory over Bayern Munich on Saturday , Mourinho made a point of going over to the Inter fans , appearing to wave goodbye to them in the process , and the Portuguese later confirmed to reporters that he is expecting to be at the Santiago Bernabeu on a more regular basis next season . Although Manuel Pellegrini continues to be coach of Real , speculation surrounding Mourinho 's probable appointment intensified in the days leading up to the Champions League final -- and the former Chelsea manager finally revealed that all the speculation had been true . "  The 2004 Champions League was my last game for Porto and this will almost certainly be my last game for Inter , " Mourinho told Italian TV station RAI . World Sport blog : Mourinho will bring magic to Madrid "  I want another challenge in my career . I want to become the only coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs . "  It 's not definite that I 'll go but I want new risks , new experiences , and now is the moment to decide . " Although he stopped short of saying he will definitely be charge in of Real Madrid next season , Mourinho then added : "  I do n't know the  Madrid  project yet , so I have to hear the project , but at the moment I am not the coach of Real Madrid ; I am the coach of Inter and a very proud coach of Inter . "  Inter remains an option and I have a fantastic family here , but Real is the best option I have . The percentage of me leaving is higher than that of staying . " "  Madrid is an enormous club , a club that wants the same as me ; I want to win , I want to feel important , I want to keep winning . " Real Madrid have been forced to play second fiddle to Spanish rivals Barcelona in recent seasons -- going out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage six years in a row and winning just two trophies in seven seasons .	Jose Mourinho admits he is set to leave Inter Milan to take over at Real Madrid Mourinho was speaking after Inter beat Bayern Munich 2-0 to win the Champions League The Portuguese wants to win the Champions League with three different clubs
CNN  -- Two aid workers for Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , have been released from captivity in Kenya , the organization said Thursday . Montserrat Serra and Blanca Thiebaut are safe and healthy , the group said in a written statement , adding that it is working to return the two Spanish women to their homes . They were abducted from the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya -- one of the world 's largest refugee complexes -- on October 13 , 2011 . Their driver was shot in the neck and taken to a hospital in stable condition . At the time of their kidnapping , Serrat , of Girona , was 40 , and Thiebaut , of Madrid , was 30 , the group said . As a result of the attack in which they were abducted , the MSF had to stop some crucial medical activities , the group said at the time .	Two aid workers with Doctors Without Borders have been freed , the group says They were abducted in October 2011 The kidnapping came during an attack at one of the world 's largest refugee camps
CNN  -- Many food enthusiasts lost their appetite after one of New York City 's most exclusive restaurants was served a "  C " grade by the Department of Health , but chef Thomas Keller says many of those violations have now been overturned . The restaurant , Per Se , was slammed by health inspectors after racking up more than 40 violation points during its inspection on February 19 . But Keller , who also oversaw the menu at this year 's Vanity Fair Oscar party , released a statement Saturday stating a judge had overturned 25 violation points . Per Se , one of only seven restaurants in New York City to earn three Michelin stars , had an "  A " rating before the February inspection and has now gone up from that dreaded "  C " to a "  B " for falling in the range of 14 to 27 points , according to the updated health report . Violations listed in the initial health inspection included no hand-washing facility or soap in the food-prep area , hot and cold items held at improper temperatures , eating or drinking in the food-prep area and tobacco use , all of which qualify as "  critical " violations , according to the records . Keller said he still plans to appeal the citation for allegedly cooking potatoes below the recommended temperature . "  We will appeal the ruling ... as we are confident that we exemplify the highest culinary standards at Per Se . "	Most violations against New York 's Per Se overturned by a judge The popular restaurant originally received a "  C " grade by health inspectors Chef Thomas Keller still plans to appeal one of the remaining violations
CNN  -- Denmark 's Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt made headlines after snapping a selfie of herself nestled in between UK Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama at Mandela 's memorial service on Tuesday . The "  selfie " went viral online almost immediately . But you could be forgiven for not knowing who this blonde beauty taking a photo with a smartphone of herself with two political power houses is , unless you are Danish , like myself , or up to date on your current affairs . Many newspapers are calling into question whether it was appropriate for "  Gucci Helle , " as she is called by many Danes for her sense of style , to take a "  selfie " during Tuesday 's memorial service . The Times wrote that Obama tested the limits of "  funeral etiquette "  despite the memorial not being a funeral  with the self-portrait . Although they may have been acting less than gracefully at the moment the snap was taken , they did seem to be enjoying each other 's company and Thorning-Schmidt just could n't resist the urge to document the moment for herself . She may after all never have the opportunity again . Many Danes seem not to have taken the whole thing as seriously as some of the newspapers in Britain . As fellow Scandinavian Yerco Sanchez put it when reacting to the photo : "  More Scandi style in politics would do the world a lot of good . " Some Danes are bemused by the global reaction to the selfie -- as it has n't hit their front pages yet -- perhaps reflecting a more laid-back approach in general , as was displayed by their PM in Johannesburg . The general consensus seems to be among Danes that the leaders were serious when they needed to be , and the brief moment of levity was unrepresentative of their behavior throughout the whole ceremony . Danish media has commented on the attention the selfie has drawn in the British media , where its appropriateness has been questioned . The Danes after all are known for being down to earth and their country is one of the most equal societies in the world . And it seems that Thorning-Schmidt was far from being intimidated by the power couple she was seated between , and seemed to be enjoying their company : Maybe doing her bit for transatlantic relations ? Those people shocked at politicians having fun in a situation like a memorial should remember the leaders were not the only ones taking selfies at the memorial . And some have even said that it shows a human side to our leaders , who after all are not robots . This was not the Danish leader 's first meeting with the U.S. president : Obama welcomed Thorning-Schmidt to the White House in February 2012 and she met him again in Stockholm while Obama was on a trip there . At the time of her visit to Washington she had only been prime minister for four months ; the first woman to hold the post . So who says you ca n't have it all ? Thorning-Schmidt certainly seems to : Beauty , brains , family , power and she seems to be enjoying it at the same time . Thorning-Schmidt is married to Briton Stephen Kinnock , son of the former Labour leader Neil Kinnock . The couple met while she was studying at the European College in Bruges . They wed in 2006 and have two daughters together . They were investigated in 2010 over allegations of tax avoidance , but were both later cleared . No one has yet seen a copy of the "  selfie " taken by the PM . Maybe it was sent to Snapchat -- a photo-messaging app in which photos self-destruct after a certain period -- or maybe it 's one for her personal album . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Antonia Mortensen .	Danish PM makes headlines after snapping selfie at Mandela memorial Many Danes seem not to have taken the whole thing as seriously as other media Some Danes are bemused by the global reaction to the selfie It shows human side to our leaders , Danes say
At a gray church on the outskirts of Wenzhou in eastern China , Christians from across the county keep a nervous watch . Some stand behind the iron gate ; others sit just inside the church door . For more than two months they 've waited , preparing themselves to protect the cross on top of their church . "  If I have to , I am going to hold it in my arms and protect it , " one elderly man says . "  They have no right to tear it down , that is why we have to defend our church . " Like many here , it 's too risky for him to give his name . Wenzhou is known as the "  Jerusalem of China " and throughout this year the local Communist Party authorities have demolished scores of churches and forcibly removed more than 300 church crosses . Chinese church leaders say it 's the worst anti-Christian crackdown in decades . "  What the government here is doing is so barbaric , they 're like bandits and we are furious with them , " says Chen Zhi'ai , a respected church leader in the Wenzhou area . "  Today we 've seen the fundamental symbol of our faith violated and it hurts us deep inside our hearts . " Crackdown The local authorities are mostly targeting state-sanctioned churches , long tolerated by the ruling Communist Party and often touted as a sign of religious freedom in the officially atheist country . Scores have been injured in the crackdown , as congregations throughout the region try to stop the government teams . In late July , hundreds of police tried to storm the gates of the Salvation Church in Pingyang County in Wenzhou . Like other attempted demolitions , they moved in in the middle of the night , and scenes of extraordinary defiance unfolded on the church 's CCTV video as club-wielding police beat their way in . They appear to lose their resolve when an older man is rushed away by ambulance . A blow to the head fractured his skull , say church activists . But several weeks later , they came back with reinforcements and tore down the cross . It now lies under a cheap plastic shroud at the foot of the church 's stairs . "  They wanted to drag it away , " says a church caretaker who would n't give his name . "  But we refused . Now it is too big for us to move . " Illegal structures ? The local government denies the crackdown on Christianity . They say the demolitions are part of a broader campaign to target illegal structures in the province . They say church demolitions represent only a tiny fraction of their work . But leaked party documents single out churches and folk religious sites in the so-called "  three rectifications and one demolition " campaign . And church leaders like Chen say that the demolition campaign is merely a front for a crackdown to curtail Christianity 's influence in the region . Church leaders say that the central government has ignored all their complaints and petitions . They fear that the Wenzhou demolitions could be a test case for the party , an opening salvo in what could become a wider national campaign . "  The leaders think Christianity is a foreign religion and it is part of a foreign culture , which they define as ` western ' culture , " says Chen . "  They see our growth as an invasion of western culture into China . " Since Chairman Mao 's death in 1976 , Christianity has taken hold in China . Though it is still a minority religion . "  Christianity has been growing very rapidly in China in the last several decades , " says Fenggang Yang of Purdue University in Indiana . "  There is very little sign that it is slowing down . " "  It moved from a largely rural religion , came into the cities and became very popular with entrepreneurs . Many converts are now the youth . " He estimates that in a few years China will have more Christians than Communist Party members , which stood at more than 85 million in the last count . And in just 15 years , China could overtake the U.S. as the country with largest Christian population in the world . Chinese state media have disputed those claims . ` Social glue ' Back at the gray church , the Christians have managed to keep the demolition crews away for now . Their striking red cross sits above the church 's spire . They often sing hymns to steel their resolve . "  The Cross Is My Glory " by a Taiwanese composer has become a rallying cry in Wenzhou . The congregation do n't look like typical Chinese activists . There are elderly faithful with their grandchildren , wealthy-looking businessmen and clean-cut students . Chen says , far from hurting the party , Christianity has been a refuge and social glue for many Chinese as income gaps rise and Chinese look for meaning . "  We help promote social harmony , " he says . But Chen has a warning . "  If they keep doing things this way , there is a saying ` those who play with fire will get burned , ' " he says .	Chinese Christians keep watch to protect cross on Wenzhou church Authorities have demolished churches and removed more than 300 crosses They say the demolitions are part of a broader campaign to target illegal structures Chinese church leaders say it 's the worst anti-Christian crackdown in decades
A mysterious castaway claiming to have been lost at sea for 13 months is now safely back on land , but many questions remain about how he could have lived on his small boat for so long as it drifted across the Pacific Ocean . The man calling himself Jose Salvador Alvarenga turned up in a heavily damaged boat on a remote coral atoll in the Marshall Islands , claiming that he had been living off fish and turtles he had caught and relying on rainwater , and sometimes his own urine , to drink . Authorities are trying to determine the veracity of Alvarenga 's story . The Mexican government issued a statement Monday confirming Alvarenga 's identity and saying he was an El Salvador national who was living in Tonala in Chiapas state . Alvarenga is from Garita Palmera in El Salvador , where CNN caught up with some members of his family . They had n't heard from him in ages and thought he might be dead . He has a 12-year-old daughter there who does n't remember her father . "  My heart would tell me that my son was not dead , but I wondered about it so often that I had started to lose faith , " said Julia Alvarenga , his mother . "  God willing , my son is not dead . God willing , my son is alive . And we 're going to see him again one day . I 'm very happy after learning that he 's alive and that we will have him back home soon , " his father , Ricardo , said . Alvarenga was found on sparsely populated Ebon Atoll , a 22-hour boat ride from the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro , on Thursday . The southernmost of the Marshall Islands ' atolls , Ebon has only 2.2 square miles of land , one phone line and no Internet service . The government airplane that services the atoll was not working , so Alvarenga did not make it to Majuro until Monday morning . Video from Majuro shows Alvarenga walking a gangplank from a government boat to a waiting ambulance . Waving to those gathered around the dock , he is supported by a medical assistant as he walks . From inside the ambulance , he gives a thumbs up before it drives away . Alvarenga , who says he is 37 , is now in a local hospital recovering from his ordeal , said Tom Armbruster , U.S. ambassador to the Marshall Islands . "  He 's in much better shape than one would expect after such an ordeal , " Armbruster said . In a hospital-bed interview with The Telegraph of London , Alvarenga told of how he hit land . "  I had just killed a bird to eat and saw some trees , " he is quoted as saying . "  I cried , ` Oh , God . ' I got to land and had a mountain of sleep . In the morning , I woke up and heard a rooster and saw chickens and saw a small house . I saw two native women screaming and yelling . I did n't have any clothes ; I was only in my underwear , and they were ripped and torn , " The Telegraph quotes Alvarenga as saying . Teen survives 26 days adrift People on the island where he was found Thursday say the 26-foot fiberglass boat was in very bad condition , covered in barnacles and with the carcasses of several turtles littering the deck . Alvarenga is said to have set off from the Mexican town of Costa Azul , according to Reynaldo Aguilar Martinez , undersecretary for the state of Chiapas . He claims to have left for what was supposed to be a one-day expedition to catch sharks on December 21 , 2012 . Alvarenga said that he and a teenage companion were blown off-course by northerly winds and then caught in a storm , eventually losing use of their engines . How to survive being stranded at sea According to Anjenette Kattil of the Marshall Islands Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , he lost the young man because he refused to eat raw birds . There are no details on what Alvarenga did with the young man 's body . Alvarenga told the Telegraph his companion 's death had him contemplating suicide . "  For four days , I wanted to kill myself . But I could n't feel the desire ; I did n't want to feel the pain . I could n't do it , " he is quoted as saying . Kattil said Alvarenga worked for a company named Camaroneras de la Costa in Mexico . He has told authorities that he is a citizen of El Salvador but has lived in Mexico for the past 15 years and wishes to be repatriated back to Mexico . Armbruster , the U.S. ambassador , said Alvarenga indicated that he had relatives living the United States and U.S. officials would attempt to locate them . Massive tuna drags fisherman into ocean Government officials have been in contact with Mexico 's ambassador to the Marshall Islands , who is based in the Philippines , concerning Alvarenga in hopes he can contact El Salvadoran authorities . The Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement saying it has sent personnel from its embassy in the Philippines "  to learn directly about the case . " If Alvarenga 's story proves true , the trip across the Pacific would have taken him across roughly 6,700 miles  10,800 kilometers  of open ocean before ending in the Marshall Islands , about halfway between Hawaii and Australia , in the northern Pacific . Such an amazing journey is n't unheard-of in the small Pacific nation , as three Mexican fishermen made a similar drift voyage in 2006 that lasted nine months . Those men lived off fish they caught and rainwater , and they read the Bible for comfort . Conditions in the Pacific make the timeline of Alvarenga 's journey plausible , according to Judson Jones , a producer for CNN Weather . Jones said the currents between Mexico and the Marshall Islands would have carried a boat about 27 miles  42 kilometers  a day . That would mean the journey would take about 208 days if the boat stayed in the current . But Jones said a meandering journey in and out of the currents was most likely , making a 13-month journey believable .	His family in El Salvador thought he was dead Castaway is identified as Jose Salvador Alvarenga , 37 Man says he lived off turtles and rainwater while adrift Companion died four weeks after pair left Mexico , Alvarenga says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown totaled his car while being "  ruthlessly pursued by paparazzi , " his representative said . Brown was driving to a Symphonic Love Foundation event in Los Angeles when two vehicles cut him off . "  The occupants jumped out , with cameras , and aggressively approached his vehicle , " Brown 's representative said in a statement . "  In an effort to remove himself from the situation , he began to back down an alley , at which point his was cut off by two additional vehicles . " Beverly Hills police said Brown crashed his black Porsche into a wall Saturday afternoon . "  Brown stated that he was being chased by paparazzi , causing him to lose control of his vehicle , " police said in a statement . The crash follows a spate of vehicular incidents involving celebrities and paparazzi . In January , a photographer was killed in traffic after taking pictures of Justin Bieber 's Ferrari . Last year , a Los Angeles city councilman predicted such a tragedy after witnessing a high-speed chase of Bieber by paparazzi . Councilman Dennis Zine said the high-speed chase , which he estimated went for 15 miles , ended when a California Highway Patrol officer stopped Bieber and cited him for speeding . Zine has sponsored tougher punishment for photographers who break the law while stalking celebrities . "  I expected to see a crash , " Zine said of the chase . "  The danger is of someone getting killed . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Chris Brown was not injured after crashing into a wall , police say He was trying to escape several vehicles , Brown 's rep says Last month , a photographer was killed in traffic after shooting Justin Bieber 's car
CNN  -- Comedian and TV host Stephen Colbert has warned NASA to name a new wing of the international space station after him or he would "  seize power as space 's evil tyrant overlord . " Stephen Colbert threatened NASA that he might become "  space 's evil tyrant overlord . " A NASA spokesman said the U.S. space agency is aware of Colbert 's threat , issued Monday night on Comedy Central 's "  Colbert Report , " but no decision will be made on the node 's name until next week . Colbert topped NASA 's online poll soliciting names for the wing , with 230,539 of the more than 1.1 million votes cast , according to NASA spokesman John Yembrick . The runner-up was Serenity , which Colbert said is not an appropriate name . "  That 's not a space station , " Colbert said . "  That 's an adult diaper . " Serenity was the name of a spaceship in the television series "  Firefly , " which spawned a 2005 movie . The contest rules spelled out that NASA reserves the right to "  ultimately select a name in accordance with the best interests of the agency . ... Such name may not necessarily be one which is on the list of voted-on candidate names . " NASA 's hedging prompted a Pennsylvania congressman to urge the agency to name the node after the comedian . "  The people have spoken , and Stephen Colbert won it fair and square , even if his campaign was a bit over the top , " Rep. Chaka Fattah said . Fattah sits on the congressional committee that oversees NASA 's funding . "  NASA , I urge you to heed Congressman Fattah 's call for democracy in orbit , " Colbert said . "  Either name that node after me , or I , too , will reject democracy and seize power as space 's evil tyrant overlord . " NASA 's Yembrick said he watched Colbert 's show Monday , but he would not directly respond to his "  evil tyrant overlord " threat . "  We think it 's great that he and his audience are taking an interest , " Yembrick said . Several media outlets have reported that NASA is working on a compromise in which it would slap the droll Colbert 's name on a piece of "  mission essential " equipment in the new wing : the toilet . Colbert 's loyal fans , lovingly called the Colbert Nation , have in the past bombarded polls to have things named after their idol . Thanks to them , the comedian out-polled every other name in a bridge-naming contest in Hungary . The country 's government later said it can not name the bridge after him because he does not speak Hungarian and is not deceased . Colbert also tried to get himself on Democratic and Republican primary ballots in his home state of South Carolina in 2007 . The Democratic Party 's executive council voted against his inclusion , and he did not qualify for the Republican primary because he missed the deadline . But ice-cream maker Ben and Jerry named a flavor in honor of him , Colbert 's AmeriCone Dream . And Virgin America named one of its planes Air Colbert .	TV host 's name topped poll seeking new name for space station wing NASA says no decision will be made until next week Pennsylvania lawmaker has thrown backing behind Colbert Some media outlets say NASA may put Colbert 's name on toilet
CNN  The story of Anthony Stokes was supposed to have a happy ending . Instead it ended Tuesday , police say , with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole . In 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as Stokes ' "  history of non-compliance . " At the time , Mark Bell was acting as a Stokes family spokesman . Bell told CNN that a doctor told the family that Anthony 's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital 's decision to deny him a heart . "  The doctor made the decision that he was n't a good candidate because of that , " Bell said then . "  I guess he did n't think Anthony was going to be a productive citizen . " About a week after Stokes ' story made headlines , Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart . On Tuesday , Stokes carjacked someone at a mall , kicked in the door of a home in Roswell , Georgia , and fired a shot at an elderly woman , who called 911 , said Roswell police spokeswoman Lisa Holland . Stokes drove away in a black SUV , she said . Police spotted the car and ran its plates which showed it had been stolen . Police chased the vehicle . Stokes lost control of the car , hit a pedestrian and then a pole , Holland said . The vehicle was nearly halved , she said . The pedestrian is stable and in good condition , according to CNN affiliate WSB . Stokes died at a hospital , Holland said . In 2013 , Stokes ' family provided media with a letter they said was from Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . "  Anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance , which is one of our center 's contraindications to listing for heart transplant , " it read . Assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient does n't strictly take all required medicines as directed , he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital , said Dr. Ryan Davies , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware , told CNN . Davies was not involved with this case . When Stokes ' family was trying to get him a heart , the Southern Christian Leadership Conference advocated for the teen . SCLC 's the Rev. Samuel Mosteller told CNN that he was disappointed . "  We got this young man a second chance in life , " he said . SCLC referred the teenager to a mentor program in the Atlanta area , but Mosteller said that he was n't sure if the teenager participated . "  What happened between the time in 2013 to now , I do n't really know , " he said . "  How much Anthony recognized the gravity of things and did what he needed to do to make himself a viable citizen , I do n't know . But we tried . " CNN 's Lauren Leslie , Marylynn Ryan , Elizabeth Landau and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	In 2013 , Anthony Stokes ' family said a hospital refused him a heart due to his "  history of noncompliance " Hospital eventually gave Stokes a heart ; on Tuesday he carjacked someone , burglarized a home , police said Stokes shot at an elderly woman , hit a pedestrian with a stolen car and died in a police chase , authorities said
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Authorities are seeking the public 's assistance in identifying a teenage girl who mysteriously turned up in Manhattan two weeks ago , claiming to have no memory of her family , her home -- or even her own name . The teen has recalled an excerpt from the fantasy novel "  Fool 's Fate " by Robin Hobb . "  I just want to know who I am , " the girl says in a statement released by the New York City Administration for Children 's Services . The teen , who is being referred to as Jane Doe , continues , "  I want to know who I am and what happened to me . " The Caucasian young woman , described by New York ACS as "  very soft-spoken , " is 5 feet , 6 inches tall , light-skinned , with short , straight , cropped blond hair and blue eyes . Doctors are estimating her age to be between 14 and 17 . ACS Commissioner John B. Mattingly appealed to the public in a statement , "  asking anyone who may know this young woman to help us locate her family as quickly as possible , so we can safely reunite her with those who love her . " The girl was found in midtown Manhattan around 12:30 a.m. October 9 outside the Covenant House youth shelter , although the organization tells CNN that she was not a resident at the time and did not appear as if she intended to seek refuge at the facility . According to its Web site , with nearly 7,000 youths seeking shelter per year , "  Covenant House New York is the nation 's largest adolescent care agency serving homeless , runaway and at-risk youth . " A security guard for the shelter noticed the girl walking around on the sidewalk near Covenant House and approached her . Finding her unresponsive , he called the New York City Police Department . Police officers interviewed the young woman , but it became clear that she could n't provide authorities with any information about herself . The NYPD said she was wearing military green camouflage pants , a black shirt and a pair of black sneakers when she was discovered . Children 's Services said the girl recently wrote down the name "  Amber " and has responded to it on one occasion , but she has no idea whether it is her true name . On another occasion she is said to have recalled certain words , which turned out to be an excerpt from the fantasy novel "  Fool 's Fate " by Robin Hobb . The girl is also apparently writing a fantasy story of her own that features a heroine named Rian , "  who 's been raised by the commander of the guard post on the edge of a fantasy kingdom , " says the young woman . The girl has a 2 - to 4-inch scar on her lower left back and had a black , handwritten birthday message on her arm , addressed to a name of Japanese origin , when she was found , police said Friday . Judging from poor dental hygiene , said Lt. Christopher Zimmerman , she appears to have been living on the streets for some time . "  This case has been going on since October 9 , " Zimmerman said . "  Today is the 23rd , and we 're vey concerned . It 's been a very long time now . That 's a long time frame to not identify somebody . Especially someone who we believe is a juvenile . Usually juveniles we get a lot of inquiries about . " While the girl is confused and her story remains vague , Mattingly said , "  she is safe with us , and we are doing all we can to help her , but she needs to find her family . " She is apparently reviewing materials for a high school GED exam , saying that she is able to do the math but has no recollection of studying the history and science portions . However , according to the Children 's Services statement , the young woman "  can easily retain the information . " New York City Administration for Children 's Services and police are asking anyone with information about the young woman or her family to contact the NYPD Missing Persons Squad at 212-694-7781 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS .	"  I just want to know who I am , " girl says , according to children 's services agency She 's described as 5 ' , 6 " tall , "  very soft-spoken " ; doctors say she 's 14 to 17 years old Girl was found in midtown Manhattan early October 9 outside youth shelter Agency says girl recently wrote down the name "  Amber " and has responded to it
CNN  -- It 's been the same story , 10 weeks running : Better luck next time , pal . Could Friday turn the tide for the twice-weekly Mega Millions drawing , which has rolled over 20 times now since the 45-state lottery generated a winner ? As always , it 's anybody 's 1-in-259 million guess . Those are the odds of winning Friday 's estimated $ 400 million jackpot . Although five tickets in Tuesday 's drawing matched the first five numbers , netting $ 1 million each , none of the tickets purchased for Tuesday 's measly $ 344 million jackpot matched all six numbers . Mega Millions estimates Friday 's jackpot will be the fifth-largest in North America . And while it is a whopping big pile of money , Friday 's projected jackpot would n't qualify to move into the ultra-tony neighborhood occupied by the record draw . That $ 656 million jackpot , won on March 30 , 2012 , was split by winning tickets in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . The Mega Millions jackpot numbers will be drawn Friday at 11 p.m. ET .	The 45-state Mega Millions jackpot is up to an estimated $ 400 million for Friday 's drawing No one has won the jackpot in 20 drawings If someone wins , jackpot would be the fifth-largest in North American history , lottery says The record ? $ 656 million jackpot split three ways last year
CNN  -- Holders Bayern Munich equaled the record for successive Champions League wins held by their manager Pep Guardiola 's former side Barcelona as they reached the knockout stages Tuesday . Bayern eased past Czech champions Viktoria Pilsen 1-0 for a ninth straight victory and a perfect record in Group D with 12 points from four games . They were joined in the last 16 by Manchester City , who thrashed CSKA Moscow 5-2 to remain in second place in the same group with nine points . Bayern had won the home match against Pilsen 5-0 , but made harder work of it on the road and had to wait until Mario Mandzukic 's 62nd minute headed winner . He connected with a Philipp Lahm cross , only six minutes after coming on as substitute , helping the Bundesliga giants to maintain their remarkable winning streak in Europe 's premier club competition . It was the sixth successive time Bayern have made it to the last 16 , while City were making it for the first time after two previous attempts . Having beaten Norwich 7-0 in an English Premier League match at the City of Manchester Stadium Saturday , Manuel Pellegrini 's team again ran riot against their Russian opponents . Sergio Aguero provided the initial impetus with an early penalty and then a delightful second before setting up Alvaro Negredo for the third . Negredo went on to complete his hat-trick in the second half , but defensive frailties saw Seydou Doumbia twice pull back goals for CSKA , the second from the penalty spot . CSKA , who were given a partial stadium ban by UEFA for racist chanting aimed at City midfielder Yaya Toure in the reverse fixture in Moscow , which the visitors won 2-1 , have only a Europa League place to play for now . The thumping victory was particularly sweet for Toure . "  I think today is a special day for the club to go through to the second round for the first time , " he told Sky Sports . City 's neighbors Manchester United stayed top of Group A after a goalless draw at Real Sociedad , but had Marouaune Fellaini sent off in the second half . Robin van Persie also missed a penalty after coming on as a late substitute for United . Shakhtar Donetsk and Bayer Leverkusen shared a goalless draw in the Ukraine in the other match played in the group . In Group B , Juventus kept their qualification hopes alive as they held Real Madrid to a 2-2 draw in Turin . Juve led through Arturo Vidal 's first half penalty before Cristiano Ronaldo and the world 's most expensive player Gareth Bale scored fine goals to put Real ahead . Fernando Llorente scored a crucial leveler for Antonio Conte 's men to deny Real for now their passage into the last 16 . With FC Copenhagen 's 1-0 home win over Galatasaray , Juve dropped to last in the group , but trail the Danes and the Turks by just one point with two rounds to play . Galatasaray must also next travel to Real , who are all but mathematically assured of their place in the knockout stages . Paris Saint Germain must also wait to progress from Group C and needed Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's equalizer to secure a 1-1 home draw against Anderlecht . Olympiakos beat Benfica 1-0 to improve their chances of going through , moving to within three points of PSG in the standings .	Holders Bayern Munich and Manchester City qualify for knockout stages Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale on target in 2-2 draw at Juventus Manchester Utd held by Real Sociedad after Robin Van Persie misses penalty Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores PSG equalizer against Anderlecht
CNN  -- Longtime rivals Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal remain on course for a semifinal showdown at the Indian Wells Masters after both former world No. 1s moved into the last eight of the U.S. hard-court tournament . Third seed Federer , a three-time winner here , battled from a set down to beat 50th-ranked Brazilian Thomaz Belluci 3-6 6-3 6-4 , while 2011 runner-up Nadal eased past 21st seed Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-2 . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic was earlier taken to three sets by unseeded Spaniard Pablo Andujar , but closed out a 6-0 6-7 6-2 victory . Switzerland 's Federer , a 16-time grand slam winner , will face Argentine ninth seed Juan Martin del Potro -- the man who beat him in the final of the 2009 U.S. Open -- for a place in the last four . "  I really struggled to make the transition  from Wednesday 's match  , " 30-year-old Federer told the tournament 's official website . "  I was quite surprised , but at the end I found a way , dug deep and came through . "  It 's really important . At the end of the day , these are the wins that sort of almost feel better , to be quite honest , because when you 're playing great , it 's simple , and it 's easy . " Spaniard Nadal , who won the California event in 2007 and 2009 , will face former world No. 3 David Nalbandian after the Argentine earned a shock win over French sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Djokovic , who beat Nadal in the 2011 Indian Wells final , will play another Spaniard in the next round , following 12th seed Nicolas Almagro 's 6-4 6-0 win against Czech No. 7 Tomas Berdych . "  In the end I was lucky to get through some points , " Serbia 's five-time grand slam winner said . "  I am happy to go through to the next round . " John Isner is the last remaining U.S. hope in the draw . The 11th seed beat Australian qualifier Matthew Ebden 6-4 7-5 to set up a clash with French No. 13 Gilles Simon -- who defeated American 19-year-old Ryan Harrison 7-6  7-0  5-7 6-1 . In the women 's draw , world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka reached the semifinals as she continued her impressive recent form . The Australian Open champion secured a comfortable 6-0 6-2 win over Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska . "  I had very good motivation because I knew she 's a very good player , " the 22-year-old from Belarus told the WTA 's official website . "  I have to play a very good match and show excellent tennis to beat her . I was focused on every moment , every point and every ball I was striking . I really did n't think about the score , because there 's really no point getting into that . " Azarenka will play Germany 's Angelique Kerber for a place in the final , after the 18th seed earned a surprise 6-4 6-2 victory over French Open champion and eighth seed Li Na of China .	Top seed Novak Djokovic taken to three sets in fourth round at Indian Wells Defending champion beats Pablo Andujar 6-0 6-7 6-2 Former world No. 1s Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer join Djokovic in the last eight Top seed Victoria Azarenka sets up a semifinal clash with German Angelique Kerber
CNN  -- It should be a shining light in leading football forward , but FIFA has an "  ugly " culture according to one former leading administrator . The game 's ruling body has been beset by a number of scandals in recent years , and most recently has been fiercely criticized for its decision to award the 2022 World Cup to Qatar amid allegations of worker abuse within the Gulf state . "  I thought it was a very difficult body to deal with -- I think its culture is very ugly , " David Triesman , who was the English Football Association 's chairman from 2008-10 , told CNN in an exclusive interview on Wednesday . As part of the failed bid to bring the 2018 World Cup to England , Triesman spent countless days dealing with FIFA -- an organization which he believes needs a metaphorical clearing out of the Augean Stables if it is to repair its tarnished image . Directly in Triesman 's firing line was FIFA president Sepp Blatter , who at the age of 77 is in his fourth and , he claimed when re-elected in 2011 , final term of office . Culture change "  It 's made up of people who have been there for decades in some cases . I think the thing about old dogs not learning new tricks is true , " said Triesman , who quit his FA role under a cloud of controversy after reportedly criticizing rival World Cup host candidates . "  I must say that I think the hardest thing in the world is change a culture . You can change processes , but changing cultures is very hard . " Triesman has some experience in fighting an established culture -- he was the first chairman elected outside of the FA 's hierarchy , having previously been a government minister . "  I think to change a culture , then a significant amount of these people have to go . There has to be a fresh start . They wo n't like that -- they 've never liked it when it has been said , " said the 69-year-old , who subsequently returned to politics with the Labour Party . "  You do n't change deep and unacceptable cultures by tinkering with them . " FIFA offered no comment when asked by CNN to provide a response to Triesman 's observations . The Qatar condundrum The plan to hold the 2022 World Cup in the desert heat is now under a review in consultation with the "  main stakeholders for the Qatar 2022 dates . " The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments is also being investigated . Michael Garcia , a former New York attorney , is head of the investigative arm of FIFA 's ethics committee and will visit all of the countries involved in the process , beginning in London . Garcia has always insisted he is completely independent from FIFA and would not hesitate to take action against Blatter or other top FIFA officials if he found evidence that they broke the rules . While Blatter has confirmed there is no chance of the tournament being taken away from Qatar , he recently admitted that it may have been a mistake to have agreed to hold it in the nation 's summer . "  The mistake was to think that we could play this competition easily in the summertime , " he said . "  There are some doubts as to whether it is a good period to play in this heat . " Laughing But Triesman is still bewildered by the decision to award the 2022 event to Qatar . "  I 've never believed it . I almost fell over laughing when Sepp Blatter announced he did n't know how hot it was in Qatar at that time of year , " he said . "  There are unpredictable things in life but the temperature in the Gulf in the summer is not one of those . It 's one of the things you can bet your mortgage on every year . "  I wonder whether people are genuinely that foolish -- I do n't believe they are or whether they were cynical and always knew it would have to move . "  If it does then it will cause massive disruption , not just to the football leagues but also to the other sports which come to their peaks at the winter . "  I think it 's going to be a very costly and difficult move to organize but if it 's in Qatar , it 's going to be in the winter . "  Even if you could cool the players , and I 'm not 100 % sure of that , I would n't want to be a fan in the fan park in those temperatures . "  Anybody who tells me they can cool the fan park in Qatar , which is a country I know quite well from my days in the foreign office , I 'll tell them they 're deluded . " Harold Mayne-Nicholls , who led the FIFA inspection team examining the bidding countries for the 2022 World Cup , delivered his report in October 2010 . He concluded that Qatar was a high-risk option because of its soaring temperatures -- but it was still chosen by 14 of the 22 executive committee members in the final round of voting in December that year . Two ExCo members were suspended before the vote after allegations of bribery from a British newspaper , and the following year Triesman told a UK parliament committee that four FIFA officials had asked for certain favors in exchange for their votes . "  In June and July you can not play , " Mayne-Nicholls told CNN Wednesday , when asked about the conditions in Qatar . "  It 's not for the players . The players will be OK with the cooling system but what about the fans ? "  You 'll have 50,000 fans walking three , four , even six blocks or more like in South Africa where I walked 10 blocks . "  They will be walking in 40 degrees and it 's too much . One or two crucial cases will damage the entire image of the World Cup and we must be careful . " Entrapment Triesman was forced to stand down from his role as chairman at the FA after a case which he labeled as "  entrapment " led to a newspaper article suggesting he said Spain could drop its bid if rival bidder Russia helped bribe referees at the 2010 World Cup . He rebutted the claim and issued a strongly-worded statement denying the allegations . Triesman admitted that the FA and FIFA have endured a difficult relationship over the years . That relationship soured once more in 2011 when Triesman 's successor , David Bernstein , called for the 208 FIFA nations not to re-elect Blatter unopposed -- a move which failed dismally . At the time FIFA 's senior vice-president Julio Grondona hit out at the FA , claiming : "  England is always complaining . "  We always have attacks from England which are mostly lies with the support of journalism which is more busy lying than telling the truth . This upsets and disturbs the FIFA family . "  To present such a project as David Bernstein presented is like shooting a penalty because it can not be always from the same place that the insults and problems come from . "  I see it at every congress . They have specific privileges with four countries having one vice-president . I do n't know what our president has said . "  But we have seen the World Cup go around the world , to South America and Africa , and it looks like this country does not like it . "  It looks like England is always complaining so please I say will you leave the FIFA family alone , and when you speak , speak with truth . " No love lost While Triesman hopes that the relationship between the two bodies has improved in the past year or two , he says there is not much love lost when it comes to his former employers and Blatter . "  My experience is that FIFA does not like the FA , " he added . "  The FA is , for quite understandable reasons , very suspicious of FIFA . Sometimes it is arrogant about FIFA and that 's not good from the FA 's point of view , although I hope in recent years we have n't been . "  Here 's just a little example . Whenever Sepp Blatter used the phrase ` The FA ' he would always do it with an incredible kind of sneer and usually use a funny , jokey voice . "  He did n't believe anybody was entitled to call themselves ` The FA ' even if it was the first . "  He thought it should be called ` The English FA ' and did n't think we should have any sort of standing that suggested that our history was that important . "  It may feel very trivial but it 's actually a view that we 're not entitled to our standing . " David Triesman was speaking at the FourFourJew Exhibition at the Jewish Museum in Camden , London . The exhibition is open from October 10 , 2013 until February 23 , 2014 .	Former English Football Association chairman labels culture of FIFA as "  ugly " David Triesman was the first independent chairman of the FA Says FIFA needs to have change in personnel to repair image Triesman spent time in Qatar during his days working for British Foreign Office
Editor 's note : Ann M. Veneman is the executive director of UNICEF and former U.S. agriculture secretary . Last week , UNICEF released its annual report on the State of the World 's Children 2009 . To learn more about the report , visit www.unicef.org . Ann Veneman says the lack of basic necessities makes pregnancy and childbirth fatal to millions . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Every day in the United States , thousands of women and families experience one of the most joyous occasions in their lifetime -- the birth of a child . That joy is certainly not as often the case in many parts of the world . Women in the least-developed countries are 300 times more likely to die in childbirth or from complications related to pregnancy than women in developed countries . Half a million women die due to pregnancy or childbirth complications every year . The lack of the most basic necessities such as a doctor , nurse , clean water , supplies or even a medical facility is robbing precious innocence and devastating families . Such services are often sorely lacking in the poorest regions of the world , particularly in Africa and Asia , which account for the vast majority of all worldwide maternal and newborn deaths . Conflict , HIV and AIDS , migration and a lack of investment in public health services have made this devastating situation even worse . In my travels to these regions , I have seen firsthand the impact of these challenges . It 's heartbreaking to hear how women have to walk miles while in labor to reach the nearest hospital , only to arrive finding that there are no doctors available or that the conditions are unsanitary . In many cases , both the mother and newborn lose their lives . Unfortunately , stories like these are not uncommon . I recently visited Sierra Leone , the country with the highest rate of under-5 mortality in the world . One reason for this is that the vast majority of women do not breast-feed their children . The women I talk with say it is custom to feed their children rice water . This provides little nutritional value and leaves children susceptible to disease and death . However , it is illustrative of the challenges we face in reducing child mortality rates . Educating women , particularly young girls , about critical health issues is a priority for UNICEF . The younger a girl is when she becomes pregnant , the greater the health risks for her and her baby . Other factors such as sexual violence and other gender-related abuses pose tremendous challenges and increase the risk that adolescent girls will drop out of school . This , in turn , entrenches the vicious cycle of gender discrimination , poverty and high rates of maternal and neonatal death . A child born in Sierra Leone has more than an one in four chance of not living to see his or her first birthday . That country also has the worst record for prenatal care . Regular immunizations , vitamins , rehydration for children suffering from diarrhea and the use of bed nets to protect from malarial mosquitoes are simple and effective ways of keeping women and children alive . Though the challenges to reach the most vulnerable are high , we are seeing important progress made through international support . However , more can and must be done . Through proven interventions at key stages in life and pregnancy , millions of women and children can be saved each year . We know that the vast majority of maternal deaths are preventable when women have access to essential maternity and basic health-care services . The most vital need is for more skilled professionals and medical facilities throughout pregnancy , birth and postnatal care . UNICEF continues to work with other international agencies to bring more resources to accelerate progress . These efforts are designed to reduce these deaths , and we are seeing some remarkable improvements . In 2007 , while I was in Ethiopia helping open a clean water processing facility , a woman stood up and told me her story . Every day , she would spend up to 10 hours in search of clean water to ensure her children could drink and eat . With clean water now in her community , she can focus on keeping her children healthy and ensuring they are receiving a good education . She knows , like so many women around the world in her situation , that the key to ending this suffering is through greater education , awareness and resources to help improve the lives and care of women and children . By doing so , we can significantly reduce and eventually end this horrific loss of life . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Ann Veneman .	Ann Veneman : In America , childbirth ends in joy for a very high number of families She says that 's not true around the world , particularly in parts of Asia and Africa Veneman : Often , deaths occur due to lack of basic medical care and supplies She says progress is being made , but more must be done to save lives
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Under pressure from ongoing protests against his government , Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh pledged Thursday to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system . "  We have communicated the demands of all the youth demonstrators to the government because they are the future , and the government will fulfill all their demands without strikes , clashes , or chaos , " Saleh said in a nationally broadcast speech . The president 's plan also called for the creation of a unity government to review new election laws . Saleh , who has refused to step down , has said he will not run again for the presidency in the next election . He has ruled Yemen for 32 years . Mohammed Qahtan , spokesman for the opposition coalition Joint Meeting Parties , dismissed Saleh 's initiative . "  It 's like someone trying to score a goal from behind the net , " he said . "  Whatever he does is useless . " Human rights advocate Khaled Al-Anesi said the government 's moves were too late . "  Yemenis will not accept what the president said today , " he said . "  Too many protesters have died and the president is treating this and talking about all this like a storm that will pass . "  People will continue to protest and more and more will continue to demand his resignation and we wo n't stop until he is forced to leave office , " he said . The Yemeni Embassy in Washington issued a statement expressing the government 's disappointment with the opposition 's rejection of Saleh 's "  initiative aimed at political and national reconciliation . " Protests that erupted in Yemen early last month have left at least 30 people dead , according to Amnesty International . The human rights monitoring group urged Yemeni authorities to put an end to "  deadly night raids and other attacks on protests . " Human Rights Watch , meanwhile , called on authorities to immediately investigate the apparent killing of two protesters by soldiers during a March 4 protest near the town of Harf Sufyan . "  We have credible allegations that thousands of peaceful protesters faced live fire by Yemen 's military outside Harf Sufyan and that two unarmed civilians paid with their lives , " said Joe Stork , the organization 's deputy Middle East director . A medical official said a Yemeni man injured in protests Tuesday at Sanaa University died of his wounds . Yaser Al-Hasani , one of the demonstrators , said security forces cracked down after students defied their orders not to take food and blankets into the protest area outside the gates of the university . The supplies were intended for the thousands of anti-government demonstrators who have camped out calling for Saleh to step down . Mohamed Ali Mutlak , 24 , was among dozens of anti-government demonstrators wounded when security forces fired into the air and shot tear gas into a crowd of tens of thousands of protesters who had massed in front of Sanaa University , witnesses said . Mohammed Abulahoum , a senior government official , condemned the force used by police and the military . "  There was no need for that force . This will only escalate the tension between both sides , " he said Wednesday . Yemen 's anti-government demonstrations are unfolding in a nation wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . Yemeni journalists covering their nation 's unrest have voiced concern about threats and abuses against them , especially those who are working for foreign media outlets . A police officer in Sanaa physically assaulted Al-Arabiya correspondent Jamal Noman as he covered a sanitation workers ' strike in the capital on Monday , a local journalist told the Committee to Protect Journalists . The police officer also tried , but failed , to confiscate Noman 's camera . The next day , Al-Jazeera correspondent Ahmad al-Shalafi was threatened on the phone . One caller said his children would be kidnapped if he continued his critical reporting , the committee reported . The threat came after al-Shalafi 's coverage of a prison protest . Two other Al-Jazeera journalists have received similar threats . The committee urged Yemeni authorities to investigate . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	The offer would bring a parliamentary form of government to Yemen A new constitution would be approved by a referendum The opposition says Saleh 's offer is too little , too late Anti-government demonstrations are unfolding across the nation
CNN  -- Perched on a sofa in her West London apartment , Eve Branson recounts early memories of her son Richard . Disciplining him , it seems , was delicate business . "  He was like a ball of fire as a little boy , " the 90-year-old told me . "  Like a thoroughbred . You did n't want to pull the reins too hard and spoil him , spoil his adventures and his madness but you had to pull a little bit . " His single-mindedness began to reveal itself when he was just three or four , she recalls . Branson ran off and hid at a local farmer 's house after a strong reprimand . "  Eventually someone rang to say ` We 've got a little blue-eyed boy here ? Does he belong to you ? ' Gosh was I relieved . " Now , her son has a knighthood , is worth more than $ 5 billion according to Forbes and is one of the world 's most able -- if eccentric -- entrepreneurs . But what was the secret to such success ? Does tough love breed success or is support and encouragement key to raising tomorrow 's tycoons ? I set out to answer these questions in a series of interviews with the mothers of sports stars , tech pioneers and rockers and discovered they had many traits in common . Branson , it seems , was not the only budding businessman with a mind of his own . Maye Musk , mum of PayPal magnate Elon , has a similar story . The South African model and nutritionist laughs nervously as she recalls the time she left a young Elon Musk behind at home for misbehaving while taking her other children to visit their cousins . It was a 20 minute drive away or four hours on foot , she says . Just as she was leaving Musk says her son turned up out of nowhere . "  I saw this tiny little boy , just past toddler stage , coming down the sidewalk . It was Elon . He 'd walked there ! I was horrified . " Now aged 42 , her son has revolutionized the world of e-commerce and electric vehicles through his companies Paypal and Tesla . And just like Branson , who soon aims to make passenger space travel a possibility , Musk is taking on the final frontier : with a contract from NASA for his firm Space X to transport orbital cargo . Maye says her each launch leaves her "  anxious and shaking and sick , " with relief finally coming with success . It 's a reaction Judy Murray can sympathize with . Murray has raised two successful children , both of whom hold Wimbledon titles . Older son Jamie is a doubles champion while her youngest is the singles title holder Andy . When Andy Murray clinched the Wimbledon title last year , the first Briton to do so in 77 years , his mother could n't look . "  I buried my face because I knew the cameras would be on me . " Murray , herself an accomplished tennis player and coach , introduced her sons to the sport as a way of keeping them busy , but never expected her family name to make the sport 's hall of fame . "  As eight and nine year olds they were exceptionally good tennis players ... but when I saw Andy holding the trophy , I just thought "  I ca n't believe it , " she says . Judy Murray has been accused of being pushy but says people "  make assumptions because they do n't know me . "  I 've heard Andy and Jamie being asked that before and they say ` my mum never pushed us . ' That 's why they are still doing what they are doing , because they love what they are doing . " Another famous son inspired by his parent 's passion is Tim Berners-Lee , the inventor of the World Wide Web . The child of two computer programmers and maths aficionados , Berners-Lee grew up in a household of calculus before bedtime . His 90-year-old mother Mary-Lee shows me a sketch drawn by a family friend on holiday one year depicting a young Tim and three siblings in animated conversation ; the word "  Noise " scribbled above their heads . "  I used to think my children were terribly well behaved but when I look back at this I realize it was n't always so , " she says . She recalls evenings around the dinner table , when the family would try and solve maths problems . If his parents were unable to crack it , Tim Berners-Lee would step in , she told me . "  It was all terribly good fun . " But good mothers do n't always choose the conventional path : Jo Wood , who raised her three kids while on tour with the Rolling Stones , felt it important to educate them on life as a rocker 's offspring . Describing the moment she offered her son and daughter cocaine and cannabis , respectively , Jo says she felt "  like a lioness showing her cubs the world and what was out there . " Did that make her a bad mother ? "  Luckily it did n't backfire , " she says . Now a grandmother , Wood has fond memories of the days she spent on the road with her family and the Stones . "  I used to love it . We 'd just pack up and it was like we were all going on an adventure . " And in many ways Wood was a mother figure to the whole band . "  I loved Charlie for his wonderful cold sense of humor , and of course I loved Ronnie , Keith has a special place in my heart and Mick , you never know where you stand with him . One minute he can be fabulous and then next he 'll ignore you . " Wood credits her kids , art dealer Jaimie , singer Leah and youngest son Tyrone , with helping her through the breakdown of her marriage . She is now runs her own beauty brand and says "  my kids kept me sane through all of my hard times , " she says . "  They 'd call me up and make sure I was n't alone . They 'd take me clubbing . And just like the other famous mothers I met she concludes : "  My kids are great . I know I would n't be the same without them . " More from Nina dos Santos : The European Union needs a new vision Read more : How to rebuild trans-Atlantic ties Additional reporting by James Frater and Hazel Pfeifer	Nina dos Santos sits down with women who 've raised some of the world 's business and sporting leaders Judy Murray , Eve Branson , Mary-Lee Berners-Lee and Maye Musk share their memories The moms reveal similar stories from their chidren 's childhood , and fears as they grew up
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy had secret orders this week to be "  prepared to act " to stop a cargo ship carrying Iranian arms destined for Gaza , CNN has learned . Navy vessels in the Middle East received orders to move "  into the proximity of the ship and act if ordered , " according to a senior U.S. military official familiar with the operation . The scenario included the possibility of boarding the ship , which was eventually stopped in the Red Sea by Israeli naval forces , who authorities said seized a cargo of Iranian rockets and missiles . A second American official confirmed that U.S. intelligence and the Israelis became aware of the effort by Iran to smuggle the weapons several days ago . The United States secretly tracked the shipment as it left Iran by air and then landed in Syria . The weapons were then shipped into Iraq and loaded at a port in southern Iraq . U.S. and Israeli intelligence grew concerned when the cargo ship in the Persian Gulf suddenly diverted from its expected heading to Sudan and suddenly turned north toward Iraq to load up . The United States does not believe the Iraqi government sanctioned the smuggling . American navy ships in the region secretly tracked the cargo down the Persian Gulf to the Arabian Sea and then to the Red Sea until the Israeli navy boarded the vessel before it reached Sudan , a typical point for unloading smuggled weapons . The Israeli military later showed video of the weapons with markings indicating they were made in Iran . The White House hinted at the scope of the operation , but only after it concluded . "  The White House directed the Department of Defense to monitor the vessel and to develop concepts of operation for a range of options to be prepared to take unilateral steps if necessary , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel spoke Thursday with Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon to receive what the Pentagon called a "  briefing " from the Israelis on the operation . The Pentagon said in a statement both nations "  have been in consistent touch on Israel 's interdiction operation , coordinating extensively through military and intelligence channels . " The seizure showed the United States was continuing to hold Iran "  accountable for its destabilizing activities in the region , even as we continue efforts to resolve our concerns over Iran 's nuclear program through diplomacy , " the statement said .	There were secret orders to be "  prepared " to stop a cargo ship loaded with arms The U.S. and Israel noticed the ship in the Persian Gulf diverted to Iraq to load up Israel wound up intercepting the ship and its cargo , identified as rockets and missiles
CNN  What do Walmart , Target , and now the Koch Brothers have in common with the American Civil Liberties Union , ColorOfChange.org , and the Center for American Progress ? All of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market . Koch Industries ' recent announcement that it will "  ban the box " -- i.e. , remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records . "  Ban the box " does n't prohibit background checks , it only postpones them until later in the hiring process . It 's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills and qualifications first , rather than judged solely on past mistakes . These policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to job-seekers who need a second chance , and they help break down the stigma of an arrest or conviction record . Two generations of the war on drugs , zero tolerance , and aggressive policing have left 70 million adults with arrest or conviction records that undermine their ability to be considered for jobs , even as the job market has grown steadily . Millions of people are being left behind , and it 's taking a toll on our economy : The reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy $ 57 - $ 65 billion in 2008 alone . These criminal justice policies disproportionately impact African-Americans , who are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites . The Department of Justice 's recent investigation of the Ferguson Police Department , for example , shows the extent to which racism is perpetuated through police departments and the court system . That systemic racial disparity is then repeated throughout the economy , and the community is put at a severe disadvantage in the job market long after individuals have served their time . That 's one reason the African-American unemployment rate is persistently twice that of whites . In a job market where employers that did n't previously do background checks now make them a routine part of hiring , qualified job-seekers are being screened out of the applicant pools for more and more jobs . Nearly one in three adults in America has an arrest or conviction history that will show up on a routine background check . Companies like Koch , Walmart , Target , and Bed Bath & Beyond recognize that this is a huge source of untapped talent , and that 's why they 've already banned the box on their job applications . These policies are also gaining traction with politicians across the political spectrum . Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal , and Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe recently signed executive orders removing the conviction question from initial applications for state employment . So far , 16 states and more than 100 cities and counties have adopted fair-chance hiring policies . Six of those states and the District of Columbia , plus 25 cities and counties , have applied their policies to government contractors or private employers as well . The Obama administration took an important step toward fairer and smarter federal hiring practices last year when it issued an executive order prohibiting contractors from discriminating against LGBT individuals . Banning the box and other common-sense hiring reforms would build on that progress and on the successful work of governors and the corporate sector . The administration should ensure that the federal government does not continue to erect unfair and unnecessary barriers to employment of people with records . Already , more than 200 organizations and prominent individuals have publicly urged the Obama administration to take these practical steps . If Koch Industries -- a major federal contractor -- can ban the box , there 's no reason why other federal contractors can not . Now it 's time for President Obama to lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of people with records .	Koch Brothers removing checkbox on criminal records from job applications Authors : Major companies are recognizing that those with criminal pasts can be productive workers
CNN  -- American golfer Nick Watney produced a fine closing round at the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Florida to secure the third PGA Tour win of his career . The 2009 runner-up teed off two shots behind overnight leader Dustin Johnson on the Blue Monster course at Doral on Sunday , but summoned a five-under-par 67 to steal victory away from his compatriot . "  Top-10 finishes are nice , " Watney told the PGA Tour website after claiming the $ 1.4 million first prize . "  But winning is what counts out here , and that 's how you 're measured . To win this tournament against this field , it 's a huge honor . I 'm very excited . I 'm very proud . " By the time he arrived at the last , the 29-year-old Watney had opened up a one-shot lead over close friend Johnson -- with whom he shares a coach in Butch Harmon and regular practice rounds . Johnson 's challenge was extinguished when Watney made a birdie at the par-five 18th -- the same hole he had double-bogeyed on Saturday . "  I was n't nervous . I really wanted to take care of business and to grasp this opportunity , " said Watney , who rose to 15th in the world rankings after his win . "  I actually love that feeling ; you do n't get it too often . "  That 's why you play . I 'm thinking , ' I have to be in this moment -- right now -- because this is all that counts . ' " Johnson was left to reflect on an opportunity missed , having bogeyed the 16th on his way to a disappointing closing round of 71 . But he was full of praise for Watney . "  Nick is a good friend of mine , " Johnson said . "  I told him walking off that if I was going to lose to somebody , I was glad it was him . And he played really well . I did n't give him the tournament . He earned it . He played well . " Tiger Woods produced a stirring final round of 66 to achieve a tie for 10th -- his first top-10 finish in an official PGA Tour event since the 2010 U.S. Open last June . "  I want to win golf tournaments and I did n't do that this week , " Woods said . "  But I showed positive signs for the next time I play , which is a good thing . " Woods ' round of 66 on Sunday was matched by his 22-year-old U.S. Ryder Cup teammate Rickie Fowler , who finished eighth to make it back-to-back top-10s in WGC events . Meanwhile , world No. 3 Luke Donald slipped out of contention with a closing round of 72 . The Englishman was seeking a second WGC title of the season after winning the match play event in February , but his challenge faded with bogeys at the 11th and 13th holes . Donald had to make do with seventh , with fellow Europeans Anders Hansen of Denmark and Italy 's Francesco Molinari in a tie for third .	Nick Watney shoots a five-under-par closing round of 67 to win WGC event American climbs to 15th in world rankings after his third PGA Tour title Overnight leader Dustin Johnson falls away with closing round of 71 to finish second Tiger Woods shows encouraging form with a final-round 66 to finish tied for 10th
CNN  -- The driver hired to deliver an adopted Russian boy from the Moscow airport to the Russian education ministry last week said he was "  shocked like a crazy man " when he realized what was happening . Seven-year-old Justin Artyem was sent back to Russia alone by the Tennessee family that adopted him because of what they said was violent and psychotic behavior . Arthur Lookyanov said the child was in "  a good mood " during the two-hour ride Thursday morning , drawing pictures and playing with his Spiderman toy most of the time . But near the end of the ride , he cried , saying he missed "  Grandma Nancy , " Lookyanov said . It was his adopted grandmother , Nancy Hansen , who bought Justin a one-way ticket on a United Airlines flight from Washington to Moscow and arranged for Lookyanov to meet him there . Lookyanov provided CNN with a copy of his e-mail exchanges with Hansen . "  I am interested in hiring you for a pick-up from DME  Domodedovo Airport  to the office of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation on Monday April 12th , " Hansen initially wrote to Lookyanov , according to the e-mails . Lookyanov responded with an extensive e-mail that included references for his work as a professional driver for foreign visitors . His fee would be $ 120 , he said . When Hansen later sent an e-mail to say she had booked a flight that would arrive on Thursday morning , she gave no hint that the passenger would be a child , Lookyanov said . "  I had not big plans so I can meet you at Domodedovo , " Lookyanov wrote back to her . "  Where are you going to stay in Moscow ? " It was not until Wednesday that Hansen told him his passenger would be a young boy who would be escorted through the airport by an airline employee carrying an envelope with two envelopes inside it , according to the e-mails . "  One is an envelope for the Ministry of Education , Tverskaya Street , 11 , Moscow , " Hansen wrote . "  The other envelope will be addressed to you . Inside will be your payment in US Dollars . " Hansen instructed the driver to take the child inside the ministry and give the envelope to the receptionist . When Lookyanov and the boy arrived at the ministry , he knew something was "  terribly wrong " when he realized that no one was expecting him . When several women came down to investigate why he was there , they opened the envelope intended for the ministry . "  I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself I no longer wish to parent this child , " wrote Torry Hansen , the adoptive mother . An angry phone call to the United States followed , with Lookyanov talking to Nancy Hansen first , complaining that he had been deceived , he said . Although the driver 's duty was completed , he said , he stayed with the boy throughout the day as they waited for juvenile authorities to pick him up . While they waited , Justin used his pencils to draw "  a beautiful house " with only one small door . He also drew another boy who he said was Logan , his 10-year-old friend , according to Lookyanov . At the end of the day , just before the boy was taken to a special hospital , he gave his driver two gifts . He handed him the United Airline wings he was given on the plane and a picture he had drawn while waiting at the ministry . Lookyanov said the experience has left him sad and depressed . But the most difficult thing , he said , has been the negative comments made in the Russian media reports , some suggesting that he is partly to blame for the boy 's plight . He said he wanted people to know that he had no idea his passenger was an adopted child being returned to Russia . The incident sparked outrage in Russia and the United States and threatens to bring a halt to adoptions between the two countries . Top officials from the U.S. State Department plan to travel to Moscow this week to push Russia to allow adoptions by U.S. families to continue . "  We were certainly shocked , as was everybody , about the return of the child , " said Michael D. Kirby , principal deputy assistant for U.S. consular affairs . "  We are hoping to work with the Russians to continue the adoptions of children . " Nancy Hansen said Friday that the boy "  had a hit list of people he wanted to hurt . " No. 1 on that list : his American mom , Nancy Hansen said . The last straw , the adoptive grandmother said , came last week when the family caught the boy trying to start a fire in the home . A Russian psychologist who visited the boy Friday in a hospital in Moscow , where he was under evaluation to check his health , described him as "  very friendly " and communicative . Galina Semya said she saw no aftereffects of psychological trauma , but "  he does n't quite understand why he 's here . " When children are adopted abroad , there are normally several stages of adaptation , including one involving cultural shock , in which children can start behaving aggressively , she said . Normally , children get over the stage after several months , she said . In Bedford County , Tennessee , where Hansen lives , a criminal investigation is under way , though authorities said they do n't know whether any laws were broken in the case . Sheriff Randall Boyce said authorities are still trying to work out a meeting with Hansen and her mother . State Department officials told him they are not aware of any federal laws broken either , Boyce said , adding that officials in Bedford County are trying to unseal the boy 's adoption records to research the adoption . Chuck Crawford , attorney general for the district , said officials have not determined whether the case constitutes child abandonment , but if there was , it took place at the airport in Washington , where the boy boarded the plane . Torry Hansen did not respond to requests for comment .	American family sent adopted boy back to Russia , claiming violent behavior Man says he was hired to pick up 7-year-old , who had flown from Washington alone No one at Russian ministry was expecting return Boy gave him airline wings , hand-drawn picture before being taken away
Britain 's Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , is spending a second day in a central London hospital Tuesday after being admitted with acute morning sickness . "  The Duchess of Cambridge is continuing to feel better , " a St. James 's Palace spokesman told CNN Tuesday afternoon . Her husband , Prince William , arrived Tuesday morning to visit her at King Edward VII Hospital , after spending much of the day at her bedside Monday . The news that he and Catherine are expecting their first child after 19 months of marriage was announced by the palace Monday as she was admitted for treatment , and followed months of tabloid speculation . The duchess is likely to remain in the hospital for several days , the palace said Monday . The palace said her illness is hyperemesis gravidarum , which involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy . Read more : Who can inherit the British throne ? "  As the pregnancy is in its very early stages , Her Royal Highness is expected to stay in hospital for several days and will require a period of rest thereafter , " the statement said . Catherine , 30 , is not yet 12 weeks pregnant , Clarence House told CNN , so the palace is not announcing a due date for the child . William and Catherine 's child will be next in line to the British throne after William , regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl , the British Cabinet Office said Monday . Planned changes to the law of succession that end the tradition of a boy jumping over an elder sister are already de facto in effect , the Cabinet Office said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said Tuesday that all 16 countries that recognize the British monarch as their head of state have formally agreed to the change and British lawmakers will change the rules as soon as possible . Clegg also said that the change in succession will allow someone in line to the throne to marry a Catholic -- but not to be a Catholic . The Church of England is the nation 's official church . It split from the Roman Catholic Church in the 16th century . William and Catherine were married at Westminster Abbey on April 29 , 2011 , in London 's biggest royal wedding in three decades . The baby would be the first grandchild of the heir to the British throne , Prince Charles , and the late Diana , Princess of Wales . Baby news sparks media frenzy British bookmaker William Hill said it would be paying out "  a small five-figure sum " to people who had placed bets on William and Catherine having a baby in 2013 . Wagers are now being taken on the likely name , gender and hair color of their first-born , the bookie said in a written statement . It has Frances and John as the favorites for the baby 's name , at 9-to-1 , with Charles , Victoria and George at 10-to-1 . "  We fully expect that the betting public will get involved in speculating what the baby will be called , " said William Hill spokesman Joe Crilly . Fellow bookmaker Ladbrokes has Elizabeth -- the name of the baby 's great-grandmother -- as an 8-to-1 favorite , with Frances , John , Charles and George at 10-to-1 . The news of Kate 's pregnancy immediately became a top trending topic worldwide on Twitter . Former PM : William and Kate reinvigorated monarchy British Prime Minister David Cameron was quick to tweet his joy : "  I 'm delighted by the news that the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge are expecting a baby . They will make wonderful parents . " British Labour Party leader Ed Miliband tweeted : "  Fantastic news for Kate , William and the country . A royal baby is something the whole nation will celebrate . " Catherine is an art history graduate and the eldest child of Michael and Carole Middleton , self-made millionaires who run a party-supplies company . In photos : Duchess of Cambridge at 30 Tabloid speculation about a pregnancy increased in September when Catherine substituted water for wine during a state dinner toast in Singapore . The buzz reached a boil two weeks ago when Australia 's New Idea magazine quoted close friend Jessica Hay saying her former schoolmate , Catherine , would soon announce "  wonderful , happy news . " Life & Style magazine in the United States published its own "  exclusive " with the same Hay quotes of a December announcement , which she said she had on "  the highest authority . " A family history website did the math last summer and predicted Catherine would be with child by November , according to a Time.com report . Genesreunited.co.uk calculated that "  the average period between a royal wedding taking place and the couple 's child being born is 851 days . " Based on that , it predicted a pregnancy in November and a birth on August 27 , 2013 . Royal baby announcement marks dramatic break with tradition	"  The Duchess of Cambridge is continuing to feel better , " the palace says All 16 countries under British monarchy have agreed to a change in succession rules Catherine suffers hyperemesis gravidarum , more severe than typical morning sickness The pregnancy is in "  its very early stages , " the palace says
CNN  French counter terrorism police arrested eight people with alleged links to jihadist cells in Lyon and the Paris suburbs Tuesday morning , French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said at a Paris press conference . He said 161 legal investigations into terrorism are currently ongoing , with 547 people implicated in the inquiries . Of those 547 people , 167 people have been arrested , 95 are under investigation and 80 are in jail , he said . Cazeneuve also announced that "  a new counter-terrorism " decree would go into effect on Wednesday . He plans to travel to Brussels , Belgium , on the same day to persuade the EU Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs to move forward with the EU Passenger Name Record . This is a draft law currently under debate that would require airlines to maintain and share data on passengers entering and leaving the European Union , in an effort to fight crime and terrorism . "  The fight against terrorism , is a race against time -- we are fully determined , " Cazeneuve said . France last month suffered its worst terror attacks in decades when 17 people were killed in shooting incidents in Paris . Since then , it has been cracking down on those with suspected jihadist links . France launches website to counter jihadist propaganda	Interior Minister : Eight suspects arrested in Lyon and the Paris suburbs Tuesday There are 161 ongoing legal investigations into terrorism , Bernard Cazeneuve said
London  CNN  -- Italians do n't tend to pay much attention to billion-dollar banking scandals when it comes to casting their votes for the country 's next leader . The country is "  saturated " with them , according to Italian politics expert Duncan McDonnell of the European University Institute in Florence . The people say "  So what ? " he adds . That indifference is reflected in January 's opinion polls pointing to this month 's election . But a financial scandal at the world 's oldest bank , Monti dei Paschi di Siena , could upset the apathy . The scandal centers on losses of 730 million euros  $ 975 million  from financial products , details of which were allegedly hidden from regulators . The transactions , which took place between 2007 and 2009 , have now triggered a probe into the bank 's former management . The affair is exposing just how close Italy 's politicians and banks are intertwined , casting a shadow over the general election on February 24 and 25 . It threatens to taint the reputations of Italy 's top political figures , with even European Central Bank  ECB  President Mario Draghi finding himself under media scrutiny . The scandal could also resurrect the campaign fortunes of controversial former Prime Minister and AC Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi . Watch more : Berlusconi wants old job back in Italy According to McDonnell , of the three candidates running for prime minister , Pier Luigi Bersani , leader of the center-left Democratic Party and likely next prime minister , and incumbent technocratic Prime Minister Mario Monti have the most to lose . None of the candidates have been accused of any wrong-doing but McDonnell said local party officials were "  all up to their necks in Monte dei Paschi ... This ought to reflect really badly on the center-left and the Democratic Party . " A city in Tuscany Siena -- the small Tuscan city where the banking giant is headquartered -- is a stronghold for Bersani . McDonnell pointed to the Democratic Party 's role in placing the chairman , Giuseppi Mussari , through the bank 's largest shareholder , Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena . The foundation did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Watch more : Italy faces large mountain of debt Mussari was chairman of Monte dei Paschi from 2006 before stepping down last year after the bank 's problems mounted . He is currently under investigation by prosecutors in Siena . Mussari 's lawyer did not respond to requests for a comment . Last year the bank appointed Alessandro Profumo -- former CEO of Italy 's biggest bank UniCredit -- as chairman and Fabrizio Viola as chief executive . Giovanni Sanfelice di Monteforte , a spokesman for Monte dei Paschi , told CNN : "  It is essential to distinguish between the past and the new management . " He added : "  Today the bank is completely independent from politics . " Bruno Tabacci is the leader of Centro Democratico , a party that together with the Democractic Party forms the center-left coalition . Speaking on behalf of both parties , Tabacci told CNN the scandal at Monte dei Paschi is due to the exclusive relationshp between the city of Siena and the bank creating "  over time clearly evident situations of conflict of interests . " He says that Monte dei Paschi is the only institution among the big Italian banks where a foundation has majority control . But Tabbaci told CNN the affair would not be decisive in the elections . He said : "  It is necessary for the interest of the account holders , consumers , family and industries that banking be clearly separated from politics . I know for a fact that Bersani agrees with me on this point . " Gianfranco Pasquino , former Italian senator of the independent left and John Hopkins Professor of Italian politics , told CNN the scandal was a bad combination of politics and banking . He said : "  The bank was controlling everything from the mayoral elections to the local basketball team . " Could scandal destabilize Italy ? The Monte Paschi affair throws into question whether Italy 's politicians and central bank are truly in control of the country 's financial system , according to McDonnell . And it even stretches beyond Italy and to the doors of the ECB . Draghi was head of the central bank of Italy at the time of the suspect trades . Speaking at his monthly ECB press conference Thursday , Draghi said : "  You should certainly discount much of what you hear and read ... as part of the regular noise that elections produce . " The revelations are unfolding even as Italy , under the helm of Monti , has entered a period of relative calm after being in the spotlight of the eurozone crisis . But Federigo Argentieri , professor of political science at the John Cabot University , says banking scandals such as Monte Paschi could pose a threat to the country 's austerity drive and raise concerns over the integrity of Italy 's financial system . The revelation of Monte Paschi 's alleged misdemeanours forced Monti 's finance minister Vittorio Grilli to answer questions in parliament last month . He told lawmakers that Italy 's banks are solid and supervision by Italy 's central bank was attentive . Argentieri said Grilli 's remarks were an "  empty defense " and he echoed the sentiments of Berlusconi 's party secretary Angelino Alfano and Giulio Tremonti , telling CNN : "  In the first place , do n't tell us that the -LSB- Democratic Party -RSB- is not involved ... number two ; do n't tell us the Bank of Italy is completely not responsible for it . " A spokesman for Grilli declined to comment when contacted by CNN . Meanwhile , the mere suggestion the scandal could revive Berlusconi 's political career is causing concern for some . Pasquino said a return to government for media tycoon Berlusconi would be a "  disaster " for the Italian economy .	The scandal centers on losses of 730 million euros  $ 975 million  from financial products McDonnell said local party officials were "  all up to their necks in Monte dei Paschi " Mussari was chairman of Monte dei Paschi from 2006 before stepping down last year
CNN  -- Usain Bolt and Jessica Ennis have been named the best athletes on the planet at the 2013 Laureus World Sports Awards in recognition of their gold medal success at the 2012 Olympic Games . Jamaican sprint star Bolt was named sportsman of the year after he successfully defended the 100 meters , 200m and 4 x 100m relay gold medals at the London Games -- becoming the first man in history to do so . Bolt was unable to attend the ceremony in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro , which will host the 2016 Olympics , but he did appear to collect the award via hologram . "  This is victory for track and field , " the 26-year-old said via his official Twitter account after winning the accolade for the third time following previous successes in 2009 and 2010 . "  Thanks to all the fans for the support over the years and the Laureus academy for selecting me for the 3rd time . " Ennis was one of the faces of London 2012 , delighting British fans in the Olympic Stadium by clinching heptathlon gold at her home Games . "  It 's been a whirlwind , " the 27-year-old told CNN . "  It 's been an absolute dream to have come into a home Olympics and to have been able to perform the way I had always hoped and to them experience all these amazing award ceremonies to be here tonight with some amazing sports people . " The team of the year honor was awarded to Europe 's Ryder Cup golf side , which launched a stirring final-day comeback to beat its American counterpart at the 2012 tournament at Medinah in Illinois . Jose Maria Olazabal 's team trailed Davis Love III 's U.S. 10-6 heading into the final day 's play , but won eight and tied one of the singles rubbers to retain to the cup . American swimmer Michael Phelps was recognized with the Laureus Academy Exceptional Achievement Award , which was handed out for the first time . He became the most decorated Olympian of all time at London 2012 , taking his total of medals to 22 and his haul of gold medals to 18 . "  Being able to be here with not only all of these great athletes but these great actors and actresses from all over the world , it 's something new to me , " Phelps , who has taken to golf since quitting the pool , told CNN . Felix Sanchez was rewarded with the Comeback of the Year award after he regained the Olympic 400 meters hurdles title he had won eight years earlier . The 35-year-old from the Dominican Republic provided one of the most emotional moments in London , displaying a picture of his recently deceased grandmother after taking gold . "  This makes everything and all the dedication and all the hard work that went into this season and all of last season all that much more fulfilling , " Sanchez said . Tennis star Andy Murray won the breakthrough prize after ending Britain 's 76-year wait for a men 's grand slam title at the U.S. Open , and also claimed the Olympic singles event , while Brazilian swimmer Daniel Dias was named best athlete with a disability for the second time after winning six gold medals -- all in world-record times -- at the London 2012 Paralympics . Full list of 2013 Laureus World Sports Awards winners : Sportsman of the Year : Usain Bolt  athletics Sportswoman of the Year : Jessica Ennis  athletics Team of the Year : European Ryder Cup team  golf Breakthrough of the Year : Andy Murray  tennis Comeback of the Year : Felix Sanchez  athletics Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability : Daniel Dias  swimming Action Sportsperson of the Year : Felix Baumgartner  sky diving Lifetime Achievement Award : Sebastian Coe  athletics Exceptional Achievement Award : Michael Phelps  swimming	Usain Bolt and Jessica Ennis win main prizes at the 2013 Laureus World Sports Awards Jamaica 's Bolt repeated his Beijing Olympic triple success at London 2012 Britain 's Ennis clinched the heptathlon gold medal at her home Games U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps and Dominican hurdler Felix Sanchez also honored
CNN  -- You know that friend who has an opinion or a joke about everything ? Sure , they 're entertaining , but sometimes you wish you could get them to shut up . Now on Twitter , you can . Twitter is rolling out a "  mute " feature that will let you silence certain users in your feed . Once you 've muted them , their tweets and retweets will no longer be visible in your timeline , and you wo n't receive their push or SMS notifications , although @ replies and mentions will still appear . "  In the same way you can turn on device notifications so you never miss a tweet from your favorite users , you can now mute users you 'd like to hear from less , " Twitter said in a blog post late Monday . The mute function will be available on Twitter 's iPhone and Android apps and its website and will roll out to all Twitter users "  in the coming weeks . " Twitter says muted users will still be able to favorite , reply to and retweet your tweets , but you wo n't see any of that activity in your timeline . Muted users you follow can still send you a direct message . But the muted user wo n't know you 've muzzled them , and you can unmute them at any time . In this way , the mute tool is similar to Facebook 's feature that lets you hide friends ' updates without unfriending them and , presumably , hurting their feelings . The change is Twitter 's latest attempt to give its 200 million-plus users greater control over their interactions on the social platform . The company must hope it will be better received than its last similar update . In December , Twitter tweaked its settings that allow users to block others who harass or annoy them . The change allowed the blocked user to still see the profile and tweets of the person who blocked them and to retweet their posts . But after a furious user backlash , Twitter abruptly reversed itself . Unlike muted users , blocked users ca n't follow you on Twitter . Some Twitter users were questioning the need for a mute feature Tuesday , saying people should just unfollow users who annoy them . "  I find the #twittermute thing hilarious . It 's just the Internet switch it off and go for a walk ! " wrote Stewart Lee , a Web officer for a foundation in the United Kingdom . Others , of course , just made jokes . "  Forget Klout , now we need a ` Muzzle ' ranking showing your Follower-Mute ratio , " said Christian Christensen , a university professor in Stockholm . To mute a user , click "  more " next to their tweet and then "  mute @username . " To mute someone from their profile page , click the gear icon on the page and choose "  mute @username . "	Twitter is rolling out a "  mute " feature that will let you silence certain users The muted user wo n't know you 've muzzled them , and you can unmute them anytime New function will roll out to all Twitter users "  in the coming weeks "
CNN  -- The image of Jerry Sandusky , once emblazoned across a renowned bookstore mural near the Penn State campus , has been replaced -- a move that the artist says he 'd been waiting to make until the end of a child sexual abuse trial that 's still fresh in the minds of many . "  I just could n't have it up there , " said Michael Pilato , who replaced Sandusky 's picture with that of Dora McQuaid , a Penn State graduate , poet and advocate for sexual abuse victims . "  It 's Happy Valley , but there 's definitely a cloud over this town these days , " Pilato said Tuesday , having painted two red handprints beside McQuaid 's image on Sunday . A blue ribbon was added to the rendering a day later , two months ahead of the fall school semester and just as the drumbeat for Nittany Lions football begins . The university announced Friday that it had already sold out the student section of Beaver Stadium , with students purchasing more than 21,000 season football tickets . Attorney : Sandusky to appeal child sex abuse convictions The team 's home opener against Ohio is scheduled for September 1 , leaving the program with the likely distraction of a Sandusky sentence just as the first post-Paterno season gets under way . Following Friday 's verdict , Judge John Cleland ordered the former defensive coordinator to a county jail to await sentencing for about 90 days . Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts related to child sex abuse . He continues to maintain his innocence . But as Penn State grapples with the trial 's aftermath , it still faces the related prosecution of two former university officials : Vice President Gary Schultz and Athletic Director Tim Curley . "  Until the Schultz and Curley part gets taken care of , it wo n't be over , " said Michael Rowe , a 27-year-old Penn State alumnus . "  It 's a huge scar . " Court proceedings involving the two ex-administrators are expected to begin in mid-July , according to Nils Frederiksen , a spokesman for the Pennsylvania attorney general 's office . Last year , the scandal led to the November firing of iconic head coach Joe Paterno and university President Graham Spanier and brought charges against Schultz and Curley for perjury and failing to report the abuse . Paterno -- who died on January 22 after a storied career that brought Penn State football to national prominence -- reported to his superiors a child sex abuse incident in a university shower that involved Sandusky , but did not inform police . Photos : Paterno through the years "  We determined that his decision to do his minimum legal duty and not to do more to follow up constituted a failure of leadership by Coach Paterno , " the board of trustees said in a report that explained his firing . That decision prompted rioting by Penn State students , overturning a news van and clashing with police , who used tear gas to break up throngs of angry protesters . Months later , the loss of Paterno -- often referred to as "  JoPa " -- still resonated with students when asked Tuesday about the lingering effects of the scandal . "  JoPa was kind of an idol for everyone , " said Seth Cornwall , 19 , a Penn State sophomore . "  Without him there , people are going to feel differently " about the program . "  I think the community is just trying to move on now , " he added . Pilato , the muralist , recalled a conversation he had with Paterno shortly before his death . Pilato said the former head coach told him that "  if he knew what he knew now , he would have done things differently . " "  I think the one positive out of all this is that if anything like this ever happens again , people will go directly to the police , " Pilato said . The Pennsylvania muralist added that he 'd received dozens of e-mails from survivors of sexual abuse , asking him to paint over Sandusky 's picture on his mural . The image of the former assistant coach had been erased from the rendering in November , but was only replaced with McQuaid 's picture on Sunday . Those e-mails "  really made me think about the young people looking at the mural , and the young men " who had accused him of abuse , he said . Following Sandusky 's November indictment , Penn State says it has since required all university employees to complete training on recognizing and reporting suspected child abuse , and has revised its policy on the oversight of minors on campus . Sex abusers prey on kids ' trust , thrive on shame and fear , experts say "  The University now requires two or more authorized adults must be present during activities where minors are present , " said school spokesman David La Torre in a written statement . The board of trustees also commissioned an independent investigation led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh to investigate "  what failures occurred and what changes we must make to ensure this does n't happen again , " the statement said . Freeh 's group has since interviewed more than 400 university employees . Meanwhile , Matt Sandusky -- one of Jerry Sandusky 's six adopted children -- said through his attorney that he was also sexually abused by his adoptive father , and that he had been prepared to testify against him . The announcement could ultimately bring additional charges against the former coach . Addressing reporters Friday night , Jerry Sandusky 's attorney said the defense had learned from prosecutors that the younger Sandusky -- who sat with his family on the first day of the trial -- could have testified as a rebuttal witness if his adoptive father had taken the stand . Attorney Joe Amendola said his client , who denied sexually abusing Matt , "  still wanted to testify , " but reluctantly agreed not to for fear that his son 's testimony "  would destroy any chance of an acquittal . " Photos : Jerry Sandusky convicted on 45 counts	The image of Jerry Sandusky has been replaced on a renowned bookstore mural The artist put a picture of an advocate for sexual abuse victims in place of Sandusky 's The university says the student section of Beaver Stadium is sold out for football season Sandusky sentence could come just as the first post-Paterno football season gets under way
Washington  CNN  -- John Hinckley Jr. 's relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital were spotlighted Thursday during a hearing to discuss whether the man who tried to kill President Ronald Reagan will eventually be allowed to live as an outpatient . An official at St. Elizabeths Hospital , where Hinckley , 56 , has lived for decades after being found not guilty by reason of insanity , said Hinckley had been engaged to a former patient he met at the hospital . She was identified only as "  Miss CB , " but the engagement recently ended . Dr. Tyler Jones , the facility 's director of psychiatry , said Hinckley had given the woman "  multiple rings . " Jones said Hinckley had told him he 'd explained to CB he planned to spend more time visiting his mother 's home in Virginia and would be spending less time with her . As a result of that conversation , "  she 's withdrawn the physical affection that they shared , " Jones said . Federal prosecutor Colleen Kennedy also questioned Jones about Hinckley 's past relationship with a patient identified as "  Miss X. " Kennedy said Hinckley had difficulty communicating with the woman because she was so psychotic , but he pursued the relationship because she was physically affectionate . Jones described Hinckley 's actions as "  poor judgment " motivated by his "  desire for affection . " According to Jones , another doctor told Hinckley the relationship was ill-advised and eventually Hinckley ended it . Hinckley has been spending 10 days a month visiting his mother in Williamsburg , Virginia , where he works part time as a volunteer in the library at Eastern State Hospital , a mental health facility . Doctors have been encouraging him to make friends in Williamsburg and build a new life . Jones said Hinckley has had some difficulties . In one instance , he followed a suggestion to go to a singles group , but that did not turn out well . "  He was asked to leave , " said Jones , because one participant was very uncomfortable with his presence . Since Hinckley likes music and plays the guitar , one of his doctors suggested he go play for hospice patients . But Jones said Hinckley never went because the hospice was worried there might be negative publicity if the presidential assailant played there . Another possible avenue for meeting people also has not panned out . Jones said Hinckley , when in Williamsburg , had not been interested in going to a gym or participating in certain sports like golf or tennis , either because of arthritis or because he finds the activities unappealing . The doctor said Hinckley 's "  treatment team " wants him to spend more time in Williamsburg and thinks he 'll be able to fit into the community much better . A clinical psychologist from St. Elizabeths who has met with Hinckley five times conceded he 's been unable to form relationships in that small city so far , aside from those with family members . "  He had not made a friend in Wiliamsburg , " said Katherine Murphy . She stressed that Hinckley is an introvert and not the type to quickly make a lot of friends . "  He 's just not someone who goes and out and meets people or is a social butterfly . " But Murphy said Hinckley seems to have coped adequately when rejected in social situations and is "  not showing signs of isolation . " Murphy was involved in a psychological risk assessment of Hinckley . Both she and Dr. Jones said Hinckley represents a low risk of engaging in violence if granted permission to spend more time away from his mental hospital . A multiple-day hearing began Wednesday to discuss St. Elizabeths ' recommendation that Hinckley be granted a series of eight longer visits ranging from 17 to 24 days . That plan also proposes that eventually the hospital would have the authority to let him live as a full-time outpatient . Prosecutors oppose the plan , saying they are concerned Hinckley is still potentially a danger . In opening arguments Tuesday , prosecutor Sarah Chasson said the court should not allow Hinckley to be released "  to protect public safety . " Chasson said Secret Service agents will testify they kept an eye on Hinckley in Williamsburg during the short periods of time earlier this year when he was allowed free time on his own . According to Chasson , the agents will testify about several occasions when Hinckley deviated from agreed-upon plans for how he would spend his time . Instead of going to movies , Hinckley went to bookstores where he looked at books about presidential assassinations and the failed Reagan assassination attempt , the prosecutor said . But Hinckley 's attorney , Barry Levine , said Thursday the actual Secret Service reports show he passed by bookshelves that had those books and other history titles but did not stop to read them . The controversy on the bookstore stops may continue until the Secret Service agents testify . The hearing resumes Monday and is scheduled to run about a week and a half . The judge may then take some period of time to review the testimony before issuing his ruling on the hospital 's plan to gradually allow Hinckley greater freedom . So far , Hinckley has been sitting quietly and has shown no reaction to the testimony . On March 30 , 1981 , Hinckley waited for President Reagan to leave a Washington hotel after a speech . He opened fire and hit Reagan , his press secretary , James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington police officer Thomas Delahanty . All survived , but Brady suffered a serious head wound that permanently affected his mobility and his speech . Brady and his wife became advocates for gun control .	Hinckley until recently was engaged to a former patient , a doctor says He had tried a singles group but "  was asked to leave , " the doctor says His "  treatment team " wants him to spend more time in Williamsburg , the doctor says Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting of President Reagan
CNN  It 's a side of Iran the rest of the world does n't normally get to see -- the kaleidoscopically brilliant interiors of the country 's intricately designed mosques . With beautiful mosaics and stained glass framed by powerful architecture , the buildings are astounding . Their fine detail has been captured in a series of breathtaking photographs by Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganji , a 24-year-old physics student from Babol , a city in Iran 's northern Mazandaran province . What 's equally incredible is that Ganji 's skills behind the lens are largely self-taught from watching internet tutorials . Add to that the difficulties of actually taking high quality photos in mosques , where using equipment such as tripods is heavily restricted . Ganji says his project to document mosque interiors and other Iranian landmarks began in 2008 after he was inspired by images taken inside Egypt 's pyramids . Prohibited equipment "  The photos had aesthetically documented those historical sites and made me highly amazed and inspired , " he tells CNN . "  I wondered if I could take similar pictures of historical sites , and so through my trips all around Iran , I began to find old mosques suitable for taking interior pictures . " It was n't an easy task . While tourists are permitted to take photos , using tripods and the professional equipment Ganji needed to capture his perfectly symmetrical shots in low light is usually forbidden . "  Most of the time I had to take care of lots of paperwork , spending several days to get official permission , " he says . "  This process is even harder than it sounds , and I 've had several unsuccessful efforts . " Ganji uses fisheye and other wide angle lenses and panoramic tripods to create his photos , sometimes digitally stitching several images to create composites . Often , his work involves an early start . Lack of appreciation "  I prefer mornings , as the light is more appropriate and there are fewer people around , " he says . "  In the afternoon , these places are usually crowded , and in the evenings , some of them are closed for praying rituals . " Ganji says he prefers capturing the interiors of mosques with symmetry , interior columns , good lighting and beautiful mosaics . "  I also like buildings that are well known , popular and important . Although there are many people and tourists taking pictures of those places , and there are numerous images on the internet , I enjoy showing them in my own way . " While his work has begun to attract international attention , Ganji says it 's yet to stir significant interest in Iran . "  I 've even sent it to national festivals . Not only was my work not been seen or selected , but I did n't even receive any appreciation or support from organizations or government . "  In spite of that , I 'm sincerely happy that my work is now being seen worldwide and that I 've been able to show Iran to others through my art . " Ganji says he 's hoping to augment his image series by visiting more historic sites in Iran and also hopes to travel to photograph Jewish and Christian holy sites .	Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganji is a physics student from Iran who takes photos inside mosques Ganji 's staggeringly beautiful images show a side of Iran seldom seen outside the country The 23-year-old 's camera skills are largely self-taught from internet tuition videos
CNN  -- About 10 men armed with pistols and small machine guns raided a casino in Switzerland and made off into France with several hundred thousand Swiss francs in the early hours of Sunday morning , police said . The men , dressed in black clothes and black ski masks , split into two groups during the raid on the Grand Casino Basel , Chief Inspector Peter Gill told CNN . One group tried to break into the casino 's vault on the lower level but could not get in , but they did rob the cashier of the money that was not secured , he said . The second group of armed robbers entered the upper level where the roulette and blackjack tables are located and robbed the cashier there , he said . As the thieves were leaving the casino , a woman driving by and unaware of what was occurring unknowingly blocked the armed robbers ' vehicles . A gunman pulled the woman from her vehicle , beat her , and took off for the French border . The other gunmen followed into France , which is only about 100 meters  yards  from the casino , Gill said . There were about 600 people in the casino at the time of the robbery . There were no serious injuries , although one guest on the Casino floor was kicked in the head by one of the robbers when he moved , the police officer said . Swiss authorities are working closely with French authorities , Gill said . The robbers spoke French and drove vehicles with French license plates . CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	Dressed in black clothes and black ski masks , ten men raided Grand Casino Basel Part of group failed to break into casino vault on the lower level Gunmen made off into France which is only about 100 meters from the casino One woman was beaten by robbers after unknowingly blocking their vehicles with car
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A friend of supermodel Naomi Campbell handed over unpolished diamonds to South African police the day that Campbell testified at a war crimes trial for former Liberian President Charles Taylor , police said Friday . Police spokesman Musa Zondi told CNN that the diamonds are real . Campbell testified Thursday at a United Nations-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone that she had received the diamonds as a gift , then turned them over to her friend Jeremy Ratcliffe to auction for charity . She said on the stand she believed Ratcliffe still had the stones . Zondi said Ratcliffe could face charges of possession of unpolished diamonds . Campbell said she was handed the stones following a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in 1997 . "  When I was sleeping , I had a knock on my door . I opened the door and two men were there . They gave me a pouch and said , ' A gift for you , ' " the supermodel testified . The men did n't introduce themselves or say anything else , Campbell said . The next morning , she opened the pouch and saw a few "  very small , dirty-looking stones . " Prosecutors are trying to prove that Taylor used so-called blood diamonds to fuel a brutal civil war in neighboring Sierra Leone . Taylor , 62 , was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone , fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior , and often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , sexual slavery and violence , and enslavement . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 but reopened it to call Campbell to testify after learning in June of that year that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond . When arguing to reopen the case , prosecutors said Campbell 's testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Taylor has testified that he never handled the precious stones . Campbell told the tribunal Thursday that she shared the story of receiving the stones with her former agent Carol White and the actress Mia Farrow at breakfast the following morning . "  Well , that 's obviously Charles Taylor , " one of them said . Campbell did n't recall who said it . Then , one of them added , "  Well , obviously , they are diamonds . " Campbell said she assumed the stones came from Taylor . Campbell said passed the stones to her friend , Jeremy Ratcliffe , and asked him to use the stones in a charity auction to raise money for underprivileged children . Ratcliffe is a trustee of the Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund , which denied hours after Campbell 's testimony that it had ever received diamonds from her . iReporter : "  Campbell took her ignorance to new heights " Future witnesses at the war crimes trial are likely to dispute Campbell 's story , prosecutors said after her testimony . "  Two other witnesses will also testify about these events ... . there are significant differences between those accounts and Ms. Campbell 's account , " the prosecution said in a statement . It did not name the witnesses , but court papers show prosecutors plan to call Carol White and Mia Farrow .	Supermodel Naomi Campbell testified Thursday at a war crimes trial Liberian president Charles Taylor is charged with fueling the war in Sierra Leone He is accused of using so-called blood diamonds to fund the war Campbell said she gave her friend Jeremy Ratcliffe the unpolished stones
CNN  -- To control costs and increase flexibility , more and more U.S. mobile users are choosing no-contract plans  month-to-month or prepaid  for cell phone service . How happy are consumers with no-contract phones and service ? J.D. Power and Associates recently released the results of its 2011 U.S. Wireless Non-Contract Customer Satisfaction Index Study . The no-contract carriers studied were : AT&T Gophone , Boost Mobile , Cricket , MetroPCS , Net10 , T-Mobile , Tracfone , Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile . This year , the overall winner was Boost Mobile , which scored top marks for its cost of service , account management practices , initial activation process and offers/promotions . However , Boost scored only a middling grade on performance and reliability , the characteristic that survey participants rated as most important . Net10 , Tracfone , and Verizon Wireless received consumers ' highest ratings for performance and reliability ; while AT&T Gophone , Cricket and MetroPCS fared worst on this front . AT&T Gophone received the overall worst customer satisfaction rating this year , with poor to middling marks in all categories . According to Valassis , a media and marketing services company , as of October of last year , 28 % of all U.S. cell phone service plans did not have contracts  up from 21 % in 2008  . Meanwhile , J.D. Powers reports that this year , about half of of all no-contract customers have month-to-month plans , rather than prepaid ones . In 2008 , only 30 % of no-contract plans were monthly . The increase in attractive monthly no-contract offers might start stealing customers away from contracts . J.D. Powers notes : "  Among customers currently under -LSB- a regular carrier contract of a year or more -RSB- and who say they are likely to switch their carrier during the next year , nearly 40 percent are likely to choose non-contract service . " Monthly contracts are generally cheaper . According to J.D. Powers : "  Monthly non-contract customers spend an average of $ 32 less per month than do customers with contracts . Monthly non-contract customers spend $ 60 per month , compared with an average monthly service cost of $ 92 for customers with service contracts . " Some smartphones are now available on no-contract plans . Most no-contract carriers offer some smartphone deals -- usually for BlackBerry phones , but increasingly for Android and some Windows Phone models , too . These smartphones still cost substantially more to buy up front than the simpler , cheaper "  feature phones " these carriers mostly offer , and they generally do n't have the latest or most robust technology or operating system versions . Whether these offerings will entice many first-time smartphone buyers remains to be seen . For example , MetroPCS currently offers a no-contract Huawei Ascend touchscreen phone running Android 2.1 for $ 129 after a $ 50 instant discount and $ 30 mail-in rebate ; the month-to-month plan cost is $ 50 . Similarly , Virgin Mobile is currently offering the LG Optimus  running Android 2.2  and Samsung Intercept  running Android 2.1  for $ 199.99 , with month-to-month plans starting at $ 25 . Right now , the major U.S. wireless carriers are making considerable revenue off of smartphone customers under two-year contracts . And so far , it 's pretty hard to get a higher-end smartphone without a two-year contract in the U.S. . But lower-end smartphones might suffice for many mobile users . That 's why offers such as these could alter the U.S. wireless competitive landscape over the next few years . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Boost Mobile scored top marks overall among owners of no-contract phones Among no-contract carriers , AT&T Gophone got the lowest customer satisfaction rating A few smartphones are now available on no-contract plans
CNN  -- The name "  Vampire Weekend " describes the band perfectly : distinctive and eccentric . Vampire Weekend has earned a following for its upbeat , surf-laden songs . Made up of four guys who attended Columbia University , the band 's sound is distinguishable from other bands competing for attention in the indie pop arena with its percussive use of drums , shakers and guitars , as well as upbeat , surf-inflected melodies . The group -- Ezra Koenig , Rostam Batmanglij , Chris Tomson and Chris Baio -- earned generally favorable reviews for its first , self-titled CD release in 2008 , which landed on many year-end best-of lists . Among its songs : "  Cape Cod Kwassa Kwassa " and "  A-Punk . " The band is working on a new album , scheduled out early 2010 . And what about that name ? It comes from a film Koenig was making in his backyard , which was in turn inspired by the 1987 film "  The Lost Boys . " In Koenig 's version , a character had to go to Cape Cod and fight vampires on the way there . Watch Koenig talk about the source of "  Vampire Weekend " " The band was originally going to be called simply "  Weekend , " but opted for the slightly longer version . "  It feels right , " Koenig said . So does their sound , though it 's not likely to earn them any No. 1 singles in the current musical environment . "  Ultimately we wanted to make music we listen to , and like most people we listen to a lot of music outside of rock and roll , " Koenig said . The members talked to CNN about the band 's origins , the forthcoming album and maintaining Facebook accounts .	Vampire Weekend working on second album Band created splash with first CD in 2008 And that name ? It comes from a film one member was making
Among Republican insiders , Bob McDonnell , governor of Virginia , is n't considered a leading presidential contender . Marco Rubio , Chris Christie , Bobby Jindal , Jeb Bush , Paul Ryan and Rand Paul have all garnered more attention . The more interesting question has been -- until this week , at least -- why that is the case . McDonnell has the virtue of not only having won a gubernatorial race in one of America 's most important swing states but of having remained relatively popular . A new Quinnipiac University survey found that McDonnell had an approval rating of 53 % and a disapproval rating of 28 % . And though Virginia bars its governors from seeking a consecutive second term , there is a better than even chance that McDonnell would defeat Terry McAuliffe , the presumptive Democratic gubernatorial nominee , if he were allowed to run in 2013 . The same ca n't be said of tea party stalwart Ken Cuccinelli , the Republican attorney general who is running to succeed McDonnell . Moreover , McDonnell 's 2009 campaign was in many respects an excellent template for a national GOP campaign , as it focused on job creation and energy development while largely avoiding ideological bromides . Part of the reason McDonnell was able to run as jobs-centric pragmatist is that his socially conservative convictions were not in serious dispute . Indeed , Democrats in 2009 sought to highlight McDonnell 's anti-abortion views , but to no avail . Just one year after Barack Obama had rallied moderate voters in Virginia 's affluent northern counties , McDonnell managed to win many of them back . He aggressively courted Asian-American and Latino voters , an effort that helped blunt the growing Democratic advantage in these constituencies . One would think Republicans would be beating down McDonnell 's door . But recently , many conservative activists have soured on McDonnell . For much of 2012 , the Virginia governor has struggled to make progress on his policy agenda . Progress in some areas , like K-12 education , has been overshadowed by inaction in others , like the privatization of Virginia 's state-owned liquor stores or the all-important issue of alleviating traffic congestion . Last week , however , McDonnell finally brokered a deal with the Virginia General Assembly to finance a sharp increase in new transportation spending with new taxes . This is despite the fact that McDonnell had pledged to resist any and all tax increases in his 2009 campaign . McDonnell has touted the potential benefits of the deal , emphasizing the economic costs of traffic congestion and the enormous gains that would flow from reducing it . But the tax increases have met with strong opposition from Cuccinelli , whom McDonnell has endorsed , and Grover Norquist , head of Americans for Tax Reform and guardian of its Taxpayer Protection Pledge . This reaction is hardly surprising . Virginia 's new transportation plan scraps the commonwealth 's $ 0.175-per-gallon tax on gasoline , the value of which has eroded with inflation since it was first set at that rate in 1987 , and replaces it with a 3.5 % whole tax on motor fuel that will grow with the economy and the price level . It also raises Virginia 's retail sales tax on most items from 5 % to 5.3 % , with a further increase to 6 % in the most traffic-congested regions to pay for local transportation projects . All told , these new revenue measures will raise as much as $ 880 million per year , with an additional $ 200 million to be shifted to transportation from other spending priorities . Not everyone is furious about McDonnell 's measure that would increase taxes . Some prominent voices , including Washington Post conservative commentator Jennifer Rubin and Washington Post columnist Robert McCartney , have praised the governor for addressing Virginia 's transportation woes . One wonders whether McDonnell might somehow be able to turn a liability -- having reneged on his tax pledge -- into a strength by presenting himself as a pragmatic , bipartisan problem-solver . It 's a long shot , given that primaries tend to be dominated by highly ideological voters . But it might be worth a shot all the same , particularly if the Republican presidential field proves thinner than expected in 2016 .	Reihan Salam : Gov. Bob McDonnell is n't a leading GOP presidential contender Salam : McDonnell 's 2009 campaign is a great template for a national GOP campaign He says the governor , popular and pragmatic , pushed for an important transportation bill Salam : It may be a long shot , but McDonnell should be included in GOP presidential field
Cairo  CNN  -- The military sought Monday to persuade Egyptians to end the demonstrations and strikes that culminated last Friday in the resignation of the president , and urged their countrymen to get back to work . Though efforts are on track to "  realize the legitimate demands of the people for a true democratic environment , " widespread strikes and demonstrations continued Monday in certain state sectors , "  even though normality has been restored , " the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said in a statement . It cited "  negative consequences " of continued unrest , including harming national security , adversely affecting the state 's ability to get necessary goods to the public , disrupting production and operations , delaying the nation 's return to "  day-to-day life , " adversely affecting the economy and "  creating an atmosphere that gives the opportunity to irresponsible persons to commit illegitimate acts . " Hosni Mubarak 's abdication leaves a council of generals , led by Defense Minister Hussein Tantawi , in charge of the Arab world 's most populous nation . Since Friday , the military has dissolved parliament , suspended the constitution and vowed to remain in charge until elections can be held in six months or so . In addition , it has declared a curfew from midnight until 6 a.m. . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said it would appoint a committee to propose changes to the constitution , which would then be submitted to voters . The council will have the power to issue new laws during the transition , according to a communique read on state television . The military now finds itself confronting the economic problems that fueled the revolt , including massive youth unemployment and economic underdevelopment . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , said Sunday that the generals have made restoring security and reviving the economy their top priorities . However , a leading opposition figure said Sunday that the military must explain its plans in more detail or see a resumption of the demonstrations that drove Mubarak from office . "  They need to come out of their headquarters and start talking to the people and tell us what is in store for us , " Mohamed ElBaradei told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " Another opposition figure , Ayman Nour , said Monday that a man with a knife attempted to attack him while he was in Luxor meeting with supporters , who thwarted the man 's attempt . The man then attempted to flee , but was arrested by the army , Nour said he was told . Widespread strikes and demonstrations occurred Monday around the country , with thousands of state workers from various ministries demonstrating for better pay and better work conditions , witnesses told CNN . The unrest has nearly emptied tourist hotels . In the Red Sea resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh , where Mubarak is reportedly holed up at a villa , "  We are losing daily something like $ 20  million  to $ 30 million -- at least in this area , " said Adel Shoukry , secretary general of the Egyptian Hotel Association . In London , British Foreign Secretary William Hague told the House of Commons he had encouraged the Egyptian government "  to make further moves to accommodate the views of opposition figures . " He said he was heartened to hear Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq say that members of the opposition should be included in a reshuffled Cabinet during the next week . Hague called for the release of all those detained during the 18 days of demonstrations that preceded Mubarak 's resignation and said he wants "  a clear timetable for fair and parliamentary elections . " He added that he welcomes the military council 's commitment to "  all regional and international obligations and treaties . " Monday 's admonition from the military came as mourners gathered at a marble memorial in Cairo 's Tahrir Square to honor the victims of clashes , which began January 25 . "  Our country is forever indebted to these warriors , " said Maha Nasser , who visited the memorial . Some people placed flowers next to pictures of some of the more than 300 people estimated to have died during the 18 days of conflict that led to the ouster of the 82-year-old president , who had ruled with an iron fist for nearly 30 years . A spokeswoman for Human Rights Watch called the estimate "  conservative . " Heba Morayef said it was based on the group 's visits to just eight hospitals -- five in Cairo , two in Alexandria and one in Suez . "  We were not able to access many other hospitals , " she said . Morayef expressed concern about the military , too . "  It 's unclear to what extent there are any limits on the power of the military , and that , obviously , is something that causes the human rights community some concern , " she said . But most Egyptians seem ready to give the military a chance to guide the country from dictatorship to democracy . "  Until they do something that 's really huge and negative , I 'm going to trust them , because we need that trust now , " said television talk-show host and journalist Yosri Foda . "  The genie is out of the bottle . Egyptians have now managed to rediscover themselves . I 'm so proud of this part of the story . Yes , it will always be tempting for an Army man to stick to power . But they , too , probably realize now this is not a good idea . " The direction of the military was just one of many uncertainties that remain . The status of Mubarak , who is reportedly staying in Sharm el-Sheikh , is a mystery . Some Egyptians are demanding he stand trial for crimes , including the demonstrators ' deaths . Others are demanding an immediate repeal of Egypt 's nearly 30-year-old emergency law , which allows the government to arrest people without charge , and the formation of a civilian body to oversee the transition to a new government . On Monday , Tahrir Square , the center of the protests and the subsequent celebrations , remained a focus of activity , though a much diminished one . Military police dispersed about 70 protesters from the square Monday and did not allow members of the news media to take pictures of the event . While the army detained protesters who tried to remain in the square , officials said they released the protesters after removing them from the square and used the practice to disperse the crowds . A group of police officers joined demonstrators Monday , a sharp contrast to the clashes between police and protesters during the early days of the uprising . "  We did n't want to attack the protesters , but they  our superiors  told us if we did n't , they would put us in jail ... if we disobeyed their orders , " one of the officers , Yousef Abdullah , said Monday . Their role in supporting the Mubarak regime through the years has left the police widely unpopular . In the aftermath of the demonstrations , some police stations were looted and set ablaze . Though many residents recognize the role of police is critical to any society , only traffic cops were back on the streets of Cairo Monday . Regular police , afraid of being harassed , do n't walk their beats , a spokesman said . To make up for their absence , some people have organized neighborhood-watch groups . Events in Egypt have been watched closely throughout the region . For the third day in a row , clashes broke out Monday between pro- and anti-government demonstrators in Yemen 's capital of Sanaa . About 200 anti-government protesters rallied outside Sanaa University calling for regime change . And on Monday , Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci told French radio network Europe1 that the country 's state of emergency -- in place for almost two decades -- will be lifted in the "  coming days . " The announcement came two days after anti-government protesters in Algeria chanted , "  Change the power ! " Security forces clashed with the crowds Saturday in Algiers and detained roughly 100 protesters , according to the opposition Algerian League for Human Rights . Ambassador Shoukry said it was a "  matter of pride " for Egyptians that their revolution was "  organized and peaceful . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Amir Ahmed , Fionnuala Sweeney , Nic Robertson , Arwa Damon , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ivan Watson , Joe Duran , Frederik Pleitgen , Raja Razek and Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Military declares curfew from midnight to 6 a.m. Rights advocate : "  It is unclear to what extent there are any limits " on military 's power Thousands of workers demonstrate for better pay , less corruption Military dispersing crowds in Tahrir Square
CNN  -- A teenager accused of killing 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway in Westminster , Colorado , pleaded guilty to all counts , a spokesman for Colorado 's courts said Tuesday . Austin Reed Sigg was 17 at the time of the killing and was charged as an adult . He lived about one mile from Ridgeway 's home . A judge accepted his plea , and sentencing is set for November 18 and 19 , said spokesman Rob McCallum . Sigg was accused of strangling Ridgeway , dismembering her and placing some of her body parts in a crawlspace under his family 's home . Police found parts of her body at a park five miles away five days after the bespectacled blonde girl disappeared while walking to Witt Elementary School on October 5 . A break in the investigation came when Sigg 's mother called 911 and handed him the phone . Sigg , police said , confessed . In Session 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Austin Reed Sigg was 17 at the time of the killing and was charged as an adult He lived about one mile from the home of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway Spokesman : Sentencing is set for November 18 and 19
Cairo  CNN  -- A former Egyptian interior minister and his aides ordered the killings of anti-government protesters in the days before Hosni Mubarak was overthrown , according to testimony from an Egyptian security official , an attorney told CNN on Thursday . The allegation comes during the trial of Mubarak , now adjourned till Sunday . The former Egyptian leader is charged with ordering the killing of protesters to quash the uprising in February that ultimately ended his 30-year rule . In addition to accusations of ordering the killing of protesters , Mubarak faces corruption charges . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Maj. Esam Shawky , who works in the administrative department in charge of anti-riot security forces , testified Thursday that Habib el-Adly and his aides ordered the killings and gave the order to cut Internet services on January 28 amid the unrest , lawyer Khaled Abou Bakr said . Bakr , who is attending the trial , is suing Mubarak on behalf of a victim who was shot and injured during protests . He said Shawky also told the court that he instructed the country 's general prosecutor to save voice recordings between el-Adly and his assistants before they were destroyed . The assertions were based on a January 27 meeting between el-Adly and his aides . Mubarak , asked by the judge if he had any reaction , had no comment . El-Adly disputed the testimony and said minutes of the meeting show discussions revolved around containing the protests , not dispersing them . Another witness , Gen. Hussein Abdel Hamid , attended the meeting and testified that he objected to el-Adly 's orders of arming the security forces and implementing a plan to "  handle the protesters at any cost . " Hamid said he was transferred to the Cairo security headquarters to take a course on "  the art of dispersing protesters . " Earlier this week , clashes erupted outside the courtroom between security forces and families of those killed in this year 's uprisings . But Thursday , there were only a handful of victims ' families and no sign of Mubarak supporters . Top Egyptian figures will be testifying next week behind closed doors in the trial . The prosecutor general banned media from reporting testimony that may emerge from those sessions because of "  national security matters . " Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , is set to appear Sunday , and Gen. Sami Anan , Armed Forces chief of staff , will go before the court Monday . The former vice president and head of Egyptian intelligence , Omar Suleiman , is scheduled to testify Tuesday . Interior Minister Mansour Essawy will appear Wednesday , and his predecessor , Mahmoud Wagdy , is set to testify the following day . About 840 people died and more than 6,000 were wounded in the 18 days of uprising that toppled Mubarak , according to Amnesty International . Mubarak is the first leader toppled in this year 's Arab Spring revolts to face a judge . Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was tried in absentia after he was deposed in January and fled to Saudi Arabia . The trial is expected to last at least six months to a year , according to Adel Saeed , a spokesman for the general prosecutor .	NEW : The trial against ousted leader Hosni Mubarak is adjourned till Sunday Mubarak is charged with ordering the killing of protesters Top officials are set to testify next week behind closed doors
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sales of the flu drug Relenza shot up 1,900 percent from a year ago as governments around the world stockpiled in preparation for a swine flu pandemic , drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline said Wednesday . Stocks of antiviral treatments are pictured at a warehouse in an undisclosed location in the UK Relenza sales were # 60 million  $ 98.4 million  in the second quarter of this year , compared to # 3 million  $ 4.9 million  in the same quarter last year , the company said in announcing its Q2 results . Glaxo also said that by the end of the year , it expects to have an annual production capacity for Relenza of 190 million treatment courses , more than a threefold increase to its previously announced maximum capacity . The company will achieve it by increasing production of the Relenza Diskhaler inhaler and building new capacity to manufacture Relenza Rotacaps , Glaxo said . Watch as swine flu boosts drug profits " Relenza is an antiviral medication similar to Tamiflu that treats symptoms of the flu and helps to prevent getting it . GlaxoSmithKline started production last month of a vaccine for swine flu , also known as the H1N1 virus , the company said . It is now on track to meet the orders placed by many governments and the World Health Organization for the vaccine , Glaxo said . "  To date we have contracts in place to supply 195 million doses of the vaccine , " Chief Executive Andrew Witty said . "  We also have a variety of agreements in place with the U.S. government to supply pandemic products worth $ 250 million . Discussions with over 50 governments are ongoing , with many at advanced stages , and I therefore expect further significant orders . Shipments are expected in the second half of 2009 and early 2010 . " In an interview with CNN 's Richard Quest , Witty said the new swine flu vaccine will likely be a boost to sales into 2010 . "  As we go forward , I think we 'll see  swine flu  become more material for the company , particularly as we move into  the fourth quarter  of this year and vaccine shipments begin , " he said . However , he thinks any sales boost from the planned swine flu vaccine will last only as long as the threat . "  What we 're doing here is responding to government needs , where they 've said , ` Look , we do n't know how serious this is going to be but we want to be prepared ' , " he said . The real challenge for pharmaceutical companies is coming up with new blockbuster drugs for chronic disease , not acute outbreaks like swine flu . "  I think what you see in our industry is relatively resistant to the economic downdrafts ... but we do need to constantly renew our portfolio -- that 's the challenge we face . " Glaxo will donate supplies of both the swine flu vaccine and Relenza to the WHO for use in developing countries , he said . Australian company CSL announced this week it planned to start the first human trials of a swine flu vaccine in Australia . Watch vaccine being tested " Participants will receive two shots three weeks apart and will undergo blood tests to determine if they are generating an appropriate immune response to the virus , the company said . Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the WHO said Monday it was changing tactics against the virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . WHO declared the virus a global pandemic on June 11 . More than 120 countries have reported cases of human infection , totaling more than 98,000 documented cases worldwide . More than 700 people have died of the virus , the organization said Tuesday . With 29 deaths and a huge rise in the number of cases , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe . Cases of swine flu in Britain have , however , proven to be generally mild in most people , Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Wednesday . They have been severe only among a small minority , mostly where patients have had underlying health problems , he said . "  Robust plans are in place " to deal with the pandemic , Brown said . By the end of the week , a new National Pandemic Flu Service will be operating in England to quickly diagnose people who have swine flu and allow them to get antiviral treatment directly from local providers , Brown said . Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the WHO is changing tactics against the H1N1 virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . "  At this point , further spread of the pandemic , within affected countries and to new countries , is considered inevitable , " the WHO said . The counting of all cases is no longer essential because it is exhausting countries ' resources , the organization said . While most patients have reported mild symptoms , a rise in severe symptoms or respiratory ailments that require hospitalization should be cause for concern , it said . Governments should also pay attention to unusual patterns linked to fatal cases , the WHO said . Any changes in prevailing patterns should be flagged , including a rise in school and job absenteeism , and an increase in visits to the emergency room . An overwhelmed health system may mean there is a rise in severe cases , the organization said .	NEW : CEO : Boost from swine flu vaccine will likely increase profits later this year Sales of flu drug Relenza soar as governments stockpile in case of pandemic Around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries With 29 deaths , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy rescued a survivor from an Iranian cargo vessel that sank in the Persian Gulf , killing at least three other crew members , the military said Sunday . It was the latest incident in a string of rescues since the beginning of the year , against a backdrop of high tensions between the United States and Iran . The coastal patrol boat USS Firebolt and the U.S. Coast Guard cutter Maui conducted a search and rescue mission for survivors of the capsized Iranian dhow -- a sailing vessel typically used to haul cargo -- on Saturday and Sunday , the Navy said in a statement . The Firebolt 's crew also recovered the remains of three of those who had died in the sinking , the Navy said . One survivor was recovered and treated for shock and hypothermia . He said the dhow sank in bad weather Friday night with six mariners aboard . The sailor reported that four of his shipmates died and one was missing , according to the Navy . The U.S. ships searched for the possible survivor and the fourth body , in an effort that also included two Seahawk helicopters and the dock landing ship USS Pearl Harbor . But they could not find them , and ultimately ended the search due to bad weather , the Navy said . The Iranian mariner was transferred to the Maui , and then to an Iranian Coast Guard vessel . In January , U.S. sailors from a carrier strike group rescued 13 Iranian sailors from a hijacked fishing boat , and the U.S. Coast Guard rescued six Iranian mariners from a flooded vessel at the northern end of the Gulf .	The Iranian dhow sank in bad weather , a survivor tells the U.S. Navy Several ships searched for another possible survivor , to no avail It was the latest in a string of rescues by U.S. personnel
CNN  For those wondering if we would ever hear from the Bluth family again , the answer would appear to be yes . "  Arrested Development " executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes . The Hollywood mogul was interviewed on Bill Simmons ' podcast recently , and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy . Netflix had no comment for CNN when asked to verify his statements . The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013 , after Fox canceled the show several years before . Despite critical acclaim , the series never had big ratings , but has a devoted fan base , who often quote from the show . It was not yet known if the full cast , including Jason Bateman , Michael Cera and Will Arnett , will return for the season .	Fan favorite series "  Arrested Development " to return for a fifth season , according to producer Brian Grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast Netflix is not commenting
Seattle  CNN  -- Even as snowfall slowed Wednesday in the Pacific Northwest , officials warned that falling temperatures would make roads icy and dangerous for drivers . "  We are seeing multiple spinouts and collisions , " the Washington State Department of Transportation reported on its website , advising drivers to slow down as road conditions worsened . Some normally busy streets in Seattle looked more like ski runs , as residents with sleds and snowboards took advantage of what could be one of the area 's largest snowfalls in decades . The National Weather Service canceled a winter storm warning for the area Wednesday afternoon , but said a winter weather advisory would remain in effect until midnight . Light snowfall was expected to continue throughout the evening . High-wind warnings were in effect along the coast , where winds could gust to hurricane force , knocking down trees and causing power outages , said CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward . Wednesday 's snowfall in Seattle may equal its annual average , Ward said . CNN affiliate KOMO showed images of overturned vehicles and carports and awnings that collapsed under the weight of the snow . Precipitation moving in from the south and west is combining with cold air moving south from Canada to create the heavy snowfall , said Dustin Guy , a meteorologist at the weather service 's Seattle office . If snowfall amounts top 7 inches , the winter weather event will rank among Seattle 's 10 worst since the early 1940s , when record-keeping began , he added . A series of severe winter storms and record-breaking cold also hit the region in the 1950s , according to CNN affiliate KOMO . While that amount of snow is no problem in places that receive snow regularly , heavy snowfall is relatively rare in Seattle , where steep hills can make winter travel treacherous . "  This city shuts down when winter hits . It 's nuts . ... This city is just so unprepared for snow , " Derek Stanek , 25 , told CNN 's iReport . Are you there ? Share your photos and video Nevertheless , city officials maintained they were ready for the storm . Deicing measures were in place on bridges and overpasses , emergency shelters were opened , schools were closed and some flights were canceled . Using a ruler outside his home near Tacoma , Washington , Joel Pederson measured 6 inches of snow Wednesday . And it was still coming down , Pederson told CNN 's iReport . "  We have not had this much snow since the 1980s , " he said . Official snow measurements for the day were not expected until Thursday morning . But Washington 's capital , Olympia , had already received 13 inches of snow by Wednesday afternoon : the third highest 24-hour snowfall on record and the largest amount of snow that had fallen there since 1972 , when 14.2 inches of snow fell in one day . As of late Wednesday morning , the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport had received 4 inches of snow , with 4.7 inches measured in Tacoma , as the second of twin winter storms moved through , according to the National Weather Service Up to 8 inches of snow was forecast for the metropolitan area . The town of Winlock , Washington , about 105 miles south of Seattle , had received 16 inches by late Wednesday morning , the weather service said . The town of Chehalis , about 18 miles north of Winlock , had 14 inches . Mountainous areas of the Pacific Northwest will see even more snow , with the largest accumulations on the eastern slopes of the Cascades , according to the weather service . Significant snowfall is expected across southern Washington , northwest Oregon and into western Idaho . From late Tuesday through early Thursday , 2 feet to 3.5 feet of snow is forecast for the mountains east of Seattle , Guy said . Mount Rainier could see 10 feet of snow by Friday . However , the snow in Portland , Oregon , had changed into heavy rain Wednesday morning as warm air intruded into the area . The city was under a flood advisory because of the rain and melting snow , the weather service said . High winds were also forecast for the area . At Otter Rock , on the central Oregon coast , a gust of 110 mph was recorded , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris reported , along with gusts topping 80 mph at Lincoln City and Florence . The first storm moved into the area Monday and Tuesday . "  It 's pretty big when you get back-to-back storms like that , " weather service meteorologist Roger Cloutier said . Winter storm warnings Wednesday touched portions of eight states , stretching into Montana , Utah and Wyoming . The snowfall extends south into Oregon , with as much as 18 inches forecast for the Bend area . CNN affiliate KTVZ in Bend said an earlier round of snow over the weekend gave a boost to local ski resorts but also created dangerous driving conditions that left at least one motorist dead . Those conditions were expected to worsen . "  Expect extreme travel difficulties to develop on Wednesday , " the weather service said , advising those who must take to the roads during the storm to carry a flashlight , blankets and extra food and water . The Washington State Department of Transportation said 1,250 workers will use nearly 500 pieces of equipment statewide to treat and plow roadways . The heavy snowfall will be followed by rain in Seattle , which could produce accumulated water and urban flooding , Guy said . "  It 's just gon na be a mess all around , " he said of the coming few days in the Seattle area . CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez , Brad Lendon , Sean Morris and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say falling temperatures will make roads dangerous for drivers A CNN affiliate shows images of overturned vehicles and collapsed carports The storms could be among the area 's 10 worst since record-keeping began in the 1940s Officials warn of treacherous travel conditions
CNN  -- Record-setting rains slammed the southwestern United States on Monday , turning roadways into rivers as flash floods washed away cars . Up to 200 children were briefly trapped in an elementary school in Moapa , Nevada , due to the waters , the state highway patrol said Monday night . The students at Perkins Elementary school , about 60 miles from Las Vegas , were with teachers and not in danger , said Highway Patrol Spokesman Loy Hixson . Flash flooding also washed a portion of Interstate 15 away near the community of Glendale , taking many vehicles with it . No one has been injured but it has taken so much of the highway that it may not be fixed until Wednesday , Hixson said . In Arizona , the governor declared an emergency Monday as flooding from the historic rains closed roads and schools in her state . A woman was killed after her car was submerged in floodwaters , the Tucson Fire Department said . Rescuers were unable to reach the vehicle in time . "  Within a minute of us getting there , the car washed away , " Capt. Barrett Baker told CNN . The waters were up to 12 feet deep , he said , and swept the car for several blocks . In Phoenix , the flooding left morning commuters stranded on Interstate 10 , CNN affiliate KTVK reported . "  This rain is coming down so hard you ca n't even see to drive , not to mention the thunder and lightning right now , " KTVK reporter Jill Galus said in a Twitter post early Monday morning . In just 24 hours , Phoenix saw more than 6 inches of rain , said Chad Myers , CNN meteorologist and severe weather expert . "  The problem with this ... was that it happened in the dark , it happened before the sunlight , and people were driving into it , " he said . What 's causing the record-setting rains and flash floods in the Southwest ? Blame Norbert , which hit Mexico 's coast as a hurricane on Saturday . Now the storm system is moving through the United States , and it 's still packing a punch . "  This could go on for a few more days , " Myers said . Using the Twitter hashtag #TurnAroundDontDrown , Gov. Jan Brewer 's office warned motorists to stay off the streets and said non-essential state employees should remain at home . By mid-morning Tuesday , the National Weather Service said 2.96 inches of rain had fallen at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport , breaking the record of the largest amount of rain to fall in a single calendar day . The airport remained open but fights were delayed by the weather . The rainfall total in just one day was more than the average amount of rain the area typically sees during its rainy season , officials said . Videos and photographs from CNN affiliates showed cars submerged in fast-moving floodwaters . At least 5,000 customers are without power due to flooding and storms in the Phoenix metro area , and the number is expected to grow , Arizona Public Service spokesman Steve Gotfried said . The Roosevelt School District called off classes "  due to the heavy rains and low visibility as a result of fog , " officials said in a Facebook post . Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton declared a state of emergency and said his city was facing a historic amount of rain . Police and fire dispatchers fielded thousands of calls as the storm hit , officials said . "  I am confident as mayor that all the appropriate steps have been taken , are being taken right now and will be taken , " Stanton told reporters . "  Obviously , we 're monitoring the weather very , very closely . " By Monday afternoon rains had stopped in Phoenix , but storms could pick up again overnight , Myers said . Flooding death toll jumps as India offers help to Pakistan CNN 's John Fricke and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Students briefly trapped in an elementary school One woman was killed when her car was swept away by floodwaters Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer declares a statewide emergency , warns drivers The National Weather Service says rains in the Phoenix area set a record
CNN  I operate the only abortion clinic in Wichita . For many of our patients , we are their last hope . A woman showed up on our doorstep recently in wrinkled clothes that she had been wearing for days . She told us she had traveled across three states , spending $ 100 on gas alone , before finally reaching her destination . After she was unable to get the care she needed at the clinic closest to her , she left her small town in the Texas panhandle and went to Oklahoma , where she was told that her pregnancy was too far along to receive an abortion there . So she came to us . Opinion : It 's a child , not a choice Unfortunately for our patient , and millions of women like her , anti-choice extremists in states across the country have instituted politically motivated and medically unnecessary red tape to limit their access to basic -- and potentially lifesaving -- health care . The reality that these extremists fail to acknowledge is that abortion is one of the safest -- and most common -- medical procedures . In fact , colonoscopies are far more dangerous than abortions . When I hear about new proposals to further restrict access to safe and legal abortions , I see in my mind the faces of patients like ours . These women are forced to leave their children and jobs behind for days while they seek out a safe and legal medical procedure . In Kansas , the law mandates that women receive biased information that is designed to persuade them not to have an abortion . Among other things , patients are required to read a statement telling them they are about to "  terminate the life of a whole , separate , unique , living human being . " Then they are required to wait 24 hours before their abortion . For our patient , her three-day journey turned into four . In 2014 , many states made the process even more challenging for women seeking abortions . Mississippi joined a growing list of states that ban abortions after 20 weeks , well before fetal viability . Both Alabama and Missouri expanded their state 's waiting periods . And in Texas , medically unnecessary legislation forced the closure of abortion clinics across the state . Judicial hearings that began earlier this month will decide whether a component of the Texas law that requires all abortion clinics in the state -- even those that perform nonsurgical abortions and have excellent safety records -- to meet the costly standards of ambulatory surgery centers is constitutional . Cases like this one are poised to have far-reaching impact on the ability of women to access safe and legal abortion care . Unfortunately , it 's already clear that 2015 is going to be another year of long legislative battles for pro-choice advocates . Before the year even began , a lawmaker in Missouri proposed legislation that would require women to receive legal consent from the man who impregnated them before getting an abortion . When asked if the legislation would make allowances for victims of rape and incest , the bill 's author insisted that there would be an exception for victims of "  legitimate rape . " Echoing Todd Akin 's infamous words makes it clear that this bill intends to further strip away women 's rights in Missouri . While lawmakers across the country appear poised to continue this trend , what makes me hopeful is that champions of reproductive justice have taken notice and forced decision makers to protect the rights of women . Last month , Virginia 's governor took steps to roll back politically motivated , unpopular abortion regulations that his predecessor initiated . In Mississippi , a judge blocked medically unnecessary legislation that would have forced the state 's last remaining abortion clinic to close . And in Colorado and North Dakota , voters soundly rejected personhood measures that would have given fetuses more rights than the women carrying them . All these victories have one thing in common : Someone stood up and said "  enough . "  Enough playing politics with women 's bodies . Enough pretending that politicians in state capitals are doctors . Enough telling women when and how to have children . Enough letting where a woman lives dictate her access to abortion services . The fight is not over for women who simply want the right to make their own medical decisions . This year , and as we mark the 42nd anniversary of the passage of Roe vs. Wade , I implore you to be one of the voices that says "  enough . ' "	Julie Burkhart , abortion provider in Kansas , says some must travels days to find abortion clinic She says some states have stepped up restrictions , not based on medical need , but ideology Burkhart : Roe v Wade decision 42 years ago ; women today must take action to keep health care rights
CNN  -- Days of violent unrest in the Thai capital have left dozens dead and hundreds injured as security forces clash with anti-government protesters . The latest victims include a key opposition leader , Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol -- a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng -- who died days after being critically wounded by a sniper 's bullet . But the current crisis follows a months-long standoff between Thai authorities and protesters opposed to the government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva . The protesters -- known as the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship  UDD  -- support Thaksin Shinawatra , who was prime minister from 2001 to 2006 , before he was ousted in a bloodless coup . What is happening now ? The latest violence follows a government pledge to hold an election in November in an attempt to halt the protests . However , amid ongoing anger over a crackdown by security forces last month and a refusal by the protesters to comply with a deadline to vacate the district of Bangkok they have been occupying for weeks , authorities say the election date is now under threat . Prime Minister Abhisit declared a state of emergency April 7 , hours after anti-government demonstrators  known as "  Red Shirts " for the clothes they wear  stormed the country 's parliament . Three days later , the deadliest clash in more than a decade between protesters  in this case the Red Shirts  and the military erupted , leading to the deaths of more than two dozen demonstrators and military forces . Violence erupted again last week when protesters once again ignored an ultimatum to end their occupation in downtown Bangkok by Wednesday . Seh Daeng 's subsequent shooting by an unknown assailant raised tensions further and at least 35 people have been killed and 240 wounded in the latest wave of unrest . The government has imposed a state of emergency in 22 provinces and metropolitan Bangkok . What happens next ? Authorities have urged protesters to evacuate the protest area by Monday afternoon or face up to two years in prison for violating the order . But around 5,000 protesters remained on the streets in defiance of the authorities . On Sunday protest leaders offered to resume talks with the government in U.N.-mediated negotiations if security forces were withdrawn from the streets . But the government has not accepted the offer . A senior official told CNN that authorities were under pressure to be more decisive in taking action to end the protests and claimed the government had been showing patience and restraint . Media and analysts in Thailand say civil war may be looming , between the Red Shirts and the so-called "  multi-colored shirts "  who support Abhisit  . They are displeased with the disruption caused by the protests . They are generally middle-class city dwellers . They are not pro- or anti-government , they simply want the government to shut down the Reds to end the violence and interruptions to daily life . The red and multi-colored shirts have clashed in Silom Road , Bangkok 's business and financial district . How will Seh Daeng 's death affect the protest movement ? CNN 's Sara Sidner said it was unclear what the immediate impact of Seh Daeng 's death would be . "  Not all the protesters followed him as some thought he was too much of a hardliner , " Sidner said . Some protesters argue that the Red Shirt movement should negotiate with the government to reach a settlement . But militant armed factions loyal to Seh Daeng and known as "  Black Shirts " reject negotiation and appear ready to use violence to achieve their goals . Have n't these protests been going on for a long time ? Yes , Thailand has been embroiled in political chaos for years and many here are growing weary with the instability . Ever since Thaksin came to power , there have been protesters opposing his allegedly corrupt and autocratic rule . Those protesters donned yellow shirts  the color of the king  and occupied the two main airports in Bangkok , until finally the pro-Thaksin government was brought down by a court ruling . In revenge Thaksin 's supporters copied the yellow shirt tactics and took to the streets in red shirts . Why do the sides divide on colors ? It 's an easy way for them to create an identity . It all started with the Yellow Shirts wearing a color associated with Monday , the day of the week that Thailand 's revered king was born on . That was designed to show their allegiance to the king , and more broadly the traditional elite which has dominated Thai politics for years . Thaksin 's supporters then picked a color to distinguish themselves from the Yellow Shirts . Why are they arguing ? Essentially this is a classic power struggle . It 's easy to portray this as simply rich against poor , but it is much more complicated than that , as illustrated by the fact that the Reds ' leader is in fact a multi-billionaire . Thaksin rode to power by enacting populist policies which gained huge support from the rural poor . His radical approach ruffled a lot of feathers among the elite , who felt he was in danger of becoming too big for his boots , and could erode their position . The "  civil society " also become concerned over allegations of corruption and his brutal war on drugs , which saw summary executions . He was also criticized for his heavy handed response to violence in the Muslim-dominated south . Finally the army decided to oust him in a coup , which had the backing of the aristocratic elite and much of the middle class , who were becoming uneasy with the cult of personality growing around Thaksin . That set the stage for an embittered power struggle , between Thaksin loyalists and those loyal to the army , aristocracy and their traditional Democrat Party . So who is Thaksin ? Visionary leader or venal despot : Opinions vary , like the color of the shirts his supporters and detractors wear . If you sport red , you think Thaksin was the only prime minister to offer the rural poor a voice and real benefits ; if you wear yellow , you view him as akin to Ferdinand Marcos : greedy , self-serving and dangerous . What is not in dispute is that he won two elections , was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full-term in office and is still hugely popular . But critics say he bought his support and was only in politics to help himself . As a businessman , Thaksin made billions of dollars from his communications company Shin Corporation . In 2008 he was found guilty and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison for a land deal that enabled his wife to buy a valuable city plot for a fraction of its true value and he faces other corruption charges . More than $ 2 billion in Thaksin 's family assets are currently frozen in Thailand but there is speculation he has a great deal more money elsewhere . What are the wider implications of the protests ? If the divisions in Thailand ca n't be healed it could lead to a deteriorating security situation which would have wider implications for the region . Thailand 's relations with Cambodia are especially frosty since Thaksin was appointed economic adviser to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen. The worst case scenario would see Cambodia drawn into the dispute , with Thaksin using the country as a political base , adding to the already considerable tensions on the border . Is Thailand safe for visitors ? Many western embassies have shut their doors and are warning their citizens against travel to Bangkok as violence in the city continues . "  Due to escalating violence in central Bangkok , including gunfire near the U.S. Embassy , demonstrations in Chiang Mai , and other incidents throughout Thailand , U.S. citizens should defer all travel to Bangkok and defer all non-essential travel to the rest of Thailand , " the U.S. State Department has warned . As well as advising against travel to Bangkok , the UK Foreign Office warned of protests and violent incidents in popular tourist destinations such as Pattaya , Chiang Mai , Chiang Rai and Ayutthaya . But Bangkok 's main Suvarnabhumi airport is operating as normal it said . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Thaksin supporters say that he gave the rural poor a voice and real benefits Detractors say that as prime minister he was greedy , self-serving and dangerous Current premier Abhisit Vejjajiva keen to show no one is above the rule of law Current court case relates to shares transfer in Thaksin communications company
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- European Union leaders named Belgian Prime Minister Herman Van Rompuy as the first "  president of Europe " Thursday , edging out former British Prime Minister Tony Blair for a still-vaguely defined job . "  I did not seek this high position , and I did n't take any steps to achieve it , " Van Rompuy said in accepting the job . "  But tonight , I take on this task with conviction and with enthusiasm . " Van Rompuy , a 62-year-old , soft-spoken fan of Japanese poetry , will become the face of European Union and represent its 27 member nations at summits overseas . His conservative government took office in December 2008 . The Belgian is "  well known as a consensus builder , " said British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who added the selection was unanimous . And Jose Manuel Barroso , the president of the European Commission -- the executive arm of the EU -- called Van Rompuy 's selection "  a tribute to Belgium , " the EU 's host country . " I think the European Union also expressed its gratitude for the work of Belgium and the constant support that this country at the heart of Europe has given to our common project , " he said . In his speech , Van Rompuy pledged to lead the EU through a process of "  dialogue , unity and action . " "  A negotiation that ends with a defeated party is never a good negotiation , " he said . "  As president of the council , I will listen carefully to everyone , and I will make sure that all deliberations turn into results for everyone . " The presidency was created by the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , which came into force this month after years of torturous negotiations . Van Rompuy will serve a two-and-a-half-year term , replacing the six-month presidency of the bloc that rotated among the heads of its member states . But while the EU prides itself on being a club of democracies , the process of choosing its new leader was far from transparent or open . The people of Europe are getting no say , not even through their parliamentarians . Van Rompuy 's new job was announced after a closed-door dinner for the EU 's heads of state and government . The Belgian defended the process , telling reporters the selection was made by leaders "  who were all democratically chosen . " "  I was chosen on the basis of a treaty , " he said . "  The treaty stipulates the procedure . The treaty was democratically approved by 27 member states . " The EU leaders also named Catherine Ashton , a British trade commissioner and member of the House of Lords , as the union 's High Commissioner -- its equivalent of a foreign minister . Unlike Van Rompuy , who was chosen by leaders of the EU 's member states , Ashton must be confirmed by the European Parliament . Blair , who led Britain from 1997 to 2007 , is currently the EU 's Mideast envoy . He had been the early favorite for the presidency in recent weeks -- but Brown , his successor , realized that he lacked support among key decision-makers for new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . According his backers , who at first included French President Nicolas Sarkozy , he was just the sort of world-renowned figure to win attention for the EU and enable it to exercise its weight in world affairs . One Indian official told CNN before the announcement , "  If the EU chooses as its worldwide representative the prime minister of Belgium or Luxembourg , I am not sure our leaders will have the time to meet him . " But others were soon arguing that Blair 's support for the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and his close alliance with former U.S. President George W. Bush made him a divisive figure in Europe . And as the one man who might have been able to take Britain into the European single currency , he had not even attempted to do so while he was Britain 's prime minister . Public backing from Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi , a joke figure to much of Europe and another Bush ally , did not help . Brown had realized earlier that Blair did not have enough support among key decision-makers to snag the new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . CNN Political Contributor Robin Oakley contributed to this report .	Belgian PM Herman Van Rompuy appointed first "  president of Europe , " British PM Gordon Brown says Tony Blair ruled out after his successor as UK PM realized Blair had insufficient support President of EC will be first permanent chief of the European Council of Ministers Selection conducted by heads of state and government , not by Europe 's parliamentarians
CNN  The tail section of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 was lifted from the Java Sea on Saturday , but the plane 's cockpit voice and flight recorders , or "  black boxes , " were not found . Indonesian officials said the devices were not with the recovered section . The plane 's black boxes will likely be found in "  a few days , " the crash 's chief investigator said , after searchers were able to hear more pings , even if they have n't yet pinpointed where they came from . The investigator , Mardjono Siswosuwarno , told CNN that smaller boats picked up several pings emanating near where the commercial jet 's tail was found . "  I think we will be able to find the black boxes in a few days , because the location where pings were detected is not very far from the tail , " Siswosuwarno said . On Sunday , one of the search ships detected two ping signals 1.5 miles away from where the tail was found , according to an Indonesian technical assessment agency . Siswosuwano told CNN that several pings were detected emitting a frequency of 37.5 MHZ , leading search team to believe they are getting closer to finding at least one of the black boxes . "  The interval and frequency are right . The sound is very clear , the typical sound of black box ping . " The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were housed in the Airbus A320-200 's tail . The data recorder provides a wide range of information about what the plane was doing , from its air speed to the position of the landing gear , said Greg Waldron , the managing editor of Flightglobal , an aviation industry website . The cockpit voice recorder captures communications between the pilots . Batteries that send out the pings last 30 days -- it has been 15 days since the jet fell into the Java Sea . The aircraft went down on December 28 with 162 people on board while heading to Singapore from Surabaya , Indonesia . The plane 's pilot had asked to change course and climb to a higher altitude minutes before contact was lost , Indonesian officials said . Divers , helicopters and vessels are checking the area where the pings suspected to be from the flight recorders have been detected . Sonar equipments also detected objects that could be the front part of the plane , according to an AirAsia update . Tony Fernandes , the airline 's CEO , tweeted that he had heard promising news that the black box may be found soon , but also expressed wanting to find the fuselage . The fuselage is where many of the bodies of those onboard could be found . Officials also said search ships detected a large object underwater , about 30 feet long , close to the possible pings -- raising hopes that major wreckage could soon be found . But there is also caution as there are all kinds of debris in the sea . A total of 48 bodies have been recovered so far , according to Indonesia 's search and rescue agency . The vast majority of the people on AirAsia QZ8501 were Indonesian . There were also citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea . CNN 's David Molko , Ben Brumfield , Brad Olson and journalist Intan Hadidjah contributed to this report .	Plane 's tail lifted to surface but the black boxes were not found Investigator says location of pings "  not very far from the  plane 's  tail " AirAsia Flight QZ8501 crashed December 28 into the Java Sea
CNN  -- For most people , breaking one world record would suffice . But for Simone Origone , rewriting history a second time is n't quite enough . Last month , the Italian speed skier set a new world record of 252.4 kilometers per hour  156.8 miles per hour  on the slopes of Chabrieres in the French Alps , beating his previous best of 251.4 km/h  156.2 mph  set at Les Arcs in November 2006 . Now , the 34-year-old is gearing up to go even faster . "  I have already started to plan my next world record , next year , same place , " Origone told CNN . "  If the conditions are perfect -- temperature , wind , snow -- I can be as fast as 254 or 255 km/h  158.4 mph  . " He might be already masterminding his next world-record attempt , but Origone is still coming to terms with the magnitude of his record-breaking achievements . "  It was the best day of my life ! To set a new record once is cool . But to do it twice is absolutely great . I 'm really happy with that after waiting for eight years , " said Origone . "  It 's my passion for the sport . Speed skiing is my life . I spend hours in the gym and on the slopes , working on my technique . I try to improve my aerodynamics in the wind tunnel and then the mental aspect is absolutely key . Losing your focus for a split second can be fatal . " Born in the city of Aosta in 1979 , Origone hails from a family with skiing in its blood . Younger brother Ivan , 27 , is also one of the world 's top speed skiers , setting a junior world record of 250.7 km/h  155.7 mph  in 2006 , and also took part at Chabrieres last month . The older sibling first took to the slopes at the age of three under the tutelage of his father , an experienced coach , and made headway in downhill racing as a teenager before turning his hand to speed skiing in 2003 -- a sport that complimented his daredevil tendencies to a tee . "  It 's a very strong feeling . After five seconds you 're already at 200 km/h  124.2 mph  on a slope that is up to 98 % steep -- that 's amazing , " he said . "  It 's impossible to win a race if you 're afraid . Certainly my body and mind tell me you should n't be doing this . But in order to be fast you have to overcome your fear and force yourself to go down there . " That need for speed will have Origone coming back to Chabrieres next April , when the Italian will be praying for perfect conditions to maximize his chances of breaking his own world record for the second time . "  It 's all down to the conditions . The snow has to be perfect to break the world record . The latest record was only possible because we had spring snow in Vars  in Chabrieres  . In the three previous years the snow conditions were different and a world record was impossible , " he said . "  There 's only one piste in the world that is long enough to break the world record  Vars  . In order to reach over 200 km/h  124.2 mph  the piste has to be long , without bumps and have a long finish area . " From now until next April , though , Origone will return to the day job , where he can be found juggling the roles of ski instructor , mountain guide and rescuer . For all that two speed skiing world records might bring you , prize money is not one of the luxuries afforded . "  We do n't have prize money in our sport , it 's all about the passion , " he said . "  You have to live for it . And I do . "	Simone Origone thrilled to break speed skiing world record by clocking 252.4 km/h The Italian beat his own record of 251.4 km/h  156.2 mph  set in 2006 The 34-year-old is planning to break the world record for a third time next year
CNN  -- A firearm trade group based in Newtown , Connecticut , has filed a lawsuit against Gov. Dannel Malloy and other state lawmakers in hopes of reversing the state 's recently passed strict gun control law . In the lawsuit filed Monday , the National Shooting Sports Foundation alleges the Connecticut bill that made history for its tough measures on gun control -- including a ban on the sale and purchase of high capacity magazines -- was illegally introduced and rushed through legislation by Malloy and other lawmakers . The NSSF alleges the bill is in violation of Connecticut 's constitution , which states that printed copies of proposed bills must be provided to legislators two days before a vote can take place . Five things to know about guns The bill , which passed on April 3 and was signed into law by Malloy the following day , banned more than 100 types of assault weapons , called for background checks on all weapon sales -- including private sales -- and created the nation 's first dangerous weapon offender registry . "  A 139-page bill was assembled behind closed doors , bypassing both the public hearing and committee processes , and quickly sent to floor votes on the same day in both the House and Senate , where legislators did not have adequate time to even read the bill , " Lawrence G. Keane , senior vice president and general counsel of the NSSF , said in a news release . States tighten , loosen gun laws after Newtown "  Our suit focuses on this abuse of process that has resulted in enacted law that does nothing to improve public safety , while resulting in adverse effects on law-abiding citizens , manufactures , retailers and sportsmen 's organizations . " The NSSF , whose headquarters are less than 3 miles from Sandy Hook Elementary School where 26 students and adults were killed by a gunman on December 14 , 2012 , wants the laws repealed . Has the moment passed ? Why gun control push fizzled Andrew Doba , Malloy 's spokesman , issued a statement saying , "  We 've known for some time that groups opposed to the new gun violence prevention law would be filing suit against it . We believe the bill improves public safety , and we will work with the attorney general 's office to defend it . "  Let 's not forget that this has happened before . In prior instances where Connecticut has passed common sense restrictions on firearms , there have been challenges . They have all been unsuccessful . " Asked if he thinks the laws will be upheld , Doba responded , "  That 's for the courts to decide . " The lawsuit also names as defendants state legislature leaders J. Brendan Sharkey and Donald Williams Jr. ; state Attorney General George Jepsen ; Chief State 's Attorney Kevin Kane ; and Reuben Bradford , commissioner of public safety . Connecticut school shooting : Fast Facts	The National Shooting Sports Foundation says constitutional procedure was n't followed The law bans more than 100 types of assault weapons , among other provisions The governor 's spokesman says the challenge was expected
CNN  -- The California runner who was lost in a forest for three days without water had barely a few hours to go before she would have died , her doctor said Thursday . Runner Maria "  Gina " Natero-Armenta , 36 , survived for three days without water in a California forest . Maria "  Gina " Natero-Armento , 36 , not only survived 72 hours with only a slice of apple in her stomach and a little bit of water for nourishment , she also has only one functioning kidney , Dr. Derrick Hong said . He spoke with CNN on Thursday afternoon , along with Natero-Armento and her husband , Armando Armento , in a conference call interview from her room at Mission Hospital in Mission Viejo , California . Natero-Armento is no amateur when it comes to distance or mountain running . She 's one of the top female finishers in a San Diego 100-mile race and an experienced ultrarunner with top times in other 100-mile and 50-mile races . Her body was unusually strong to begin with , but she also has one kidney -- the other does n't function because of a congenital disorder . "  This is extraordinary , " Hung said . She said she had planned a simple eight-mile run , a small fraction of what the ultrarunner usually tackles in a sport that challenges competitors to run at least farther than a 26.2-mile marathon . She is among the majority of ultrarunners who like doing 100-mile races . She set out from her Oceanside home at 5:30 a.m. Sunday to meet Fidel Diaz , her running partner and brother-in-law , who is also a serious ultrarunner . They planned to run along a trail in the the Cleveland National Forest near San Diego . She brought along two water bottles and wore a Camelpak , a backpack that can be filled with water . That was plenty of water for an eight-mile outing . She did n't bring food with her , but Natero-Armento said she ate a piece of apple before she started , and that was the only food in her stomach . Natero-Armento said she did several things that were out of character that day , and she wishes she had been more prepared . "  I am very careful usually , but that particular day , I was not , " she said . "  I normally , the night before the long runs , I have everything ready . And this night , I had nothing ready , and it was just a mistake . " She usually wears a Garmin GPS watch , a sophisticated device that runners use to find out where they are , the distance they have traveled , calories burned and altitude . "  I did n't have my Garmin and was n't wearing a watch , " she said . "  I do n't know . I always carry food with me , and I did n't have nearly enough . " "  I always carry my phone with me , and I did n't have my phone with me , and that really was a big mistake , " she said . Feeling antsy to just get on the trail and run , she was n't thinking deliberately . "  I just wanted to get going that day ; get some fresh air and go for a run . I hurried up . " Natero-Armento and Diaz began running about 6:30 a.m. Sunday , she said . She lost track of as much as eight hours , she said , as she and Diaz became lost . By then , she was dehydrated and disoriented . And Natero-Armento said she also made another , more serious bad decision . At some point in the run , Diaz had become ill . Ultrarunning is a sport in which some participants sometimes push themselves way too hard . " -LSB- He was -RSB- pretty much beside me or in front of me , but I do know that I was insisting on keeping going since I was OK , " she said . "  He does n't eat or drink much ever -LSB- when out on runs -RSB- , so I know he can handle that . " She said that she kept going because she 'd seen him run hard while sick -- also not uncommon in 50 - and 100-mile races -- and that she figured he could handle it if she pushed him . She said they became separated as they two were going over a rugged hill . "  We had separated because we were going through a hill quite a while and had to go through brush , and that 's how I have a lot of scrapes . So that was very difficult , " she said . " -LSB- We -RSB- crawl under and break branches , and that was the only way we were going to get out of there , according to Fidel . So I do n't think he was able to see that I was not there anymore . " She said that Diaz was in front of her . He would shout to her so they knew the other one was close by : He shouted to her , and she shouted back . Then , at one point , she could n't hear him anymore . "  When I called him and he did n't answer , at this point , I lost a little bit of control , " she said . Night turned into day . She had no water or food , and she did n't try to eat anything . She became disoriented but had the wherewithal to know that she was completely out of fuel . She did n't have the strength to keep walking , so she climbed into a ravine , believing that would be the safest place . Diaz was not available for an interview Thursday . He was found Wednesday several hours before she was . It 's not clear why he was lost for so long and where , for days , he had traveled in the forest . Rather than ask for water , law enforcement said , Diaz asked how Natero-Armento was doing and if someone had found her . "  I really had to , from the beginning , accept that I was not capable of getting out of there , there was no where to go , " she said , recalling her hours in the ravine , thinking about her husband and her family . She told herself she would live . "  I knew what I had to do . " The experience has not scared her away from distance running on trails . When her kidney is strong again , she will be back , running .	Maria "  Gina " Natero-Armento , 36 , had no food or water for days She and her running partner say they got lost in Cleveland National Forest She was found in a ravine Wednesday by a rescue helicopter
CNN  -- New Zealand woke up to a giant collective hangover Monday as the rugby-mad nation savored its triumph in the World Cup final in Auckland . No matter the 8-7 final win over France was more notable for perspiration than inspiration , the All Blacks had finally laid a 24-year-old hoodoo since their victory in the first-ever World Cup in New Zealand in 1987 . Despite being the No. 1 ranked international team for most of the intervening years , success on the ultimate stage eluded successive All Blacks teams . The nadir perhaps was the failure of the 2007 team , who fell victim to an inspired French team in Cardiff in the quarterfinals . But also long in the memory were defeats in the 1995 final to South Africa and semifinal defeats in 1999 and 2003 . But Graham Henry 's men , badly missing the influence and the accurate boot of injured fly-half Dan Carter , held on for a one-point win in the lowest scoring final in the tournament 's history . Blog : Are formidable France owed an apology ? For four million New Zealanders , the manner of the victory mattered not a jot , a welcome diversion in a year which began with the Christchurch earthquake disaster and continued with a mining disaster and nasty oil spill in the Bay of Plenty . After the final at Eden Park , New Zealand were named team of the year in the International Rugby Board annual awards and Henry was coach of the year . Player of the year was the French captain Thierry Dusautoir , who did his best to spoil the All Blacks ' party with his second half try . On Monday , captain Richie McCaw his team paraded the William Webb Ellis Trophy through the streets of Auckland on an open top bus with an estimated crowd of 200,0000 in attendance . Similar celebrations are planned for Christchurch and Wellington on Tuesday and Wednesday .	A massive crowd in Auckland celebrates Rugby World Cup triumph Similar celebrations planned for Christchurch and Wellington New Zealand beat France 8-7 in Sunday 's final at Eden Park Graham Henry named coach of year and New Zealand team of year by IRB
CNN  -- Toyota 's recent recall of millions of vehicles for sticking accelerator pedals may get drivers wondering : What should you do if a vehicle is accelerating uncontrollably ? Accelerator pedals in the 2.3 million vehicles that Toyota recalled may , in rare circumstances , become stuck after the pedal mechanisms become worn , the automaker has said . Toyota says it is shipping reinforcement parts to dealers , and that dealers will start repairs as soon as this weekend . The U.S. Transportation Department urges owners of the recalled vehicles to arrange fixes as soon as possible , though Toyota says the sticking problem is rare and happens gradually , and if no sticking is noticed in a vehicle , it should be safe to drive . If the pedal starts to feel sticky but is n't yet stuck , stop driving and call a dealer to arrange for your vehicle to be picked up , Toyota says . But if the pedal is stuck in a depressed position , here is what the driver can do , according to Omar Panjshiri , a certified Toyota technician at the Chantilly Repair Center in Chantilly , Virginia : • Shift the transmission to neutral • Turn off the ignition switch • Apply the brakes and pull over With the engine cut off , "  you will lose some power steering assist , but you will still be able to steer the vehicle to a safe stopping position , " Panjshiri said . Full coverage : Toyota recall Some 2009 and 2010 vehicles involved in the recall have buttons for the ignition , rather than keys . In this case , to cut power to the engine , push the button and hold it for more than three seconds , Panjshiri said . " -LSB- Otherwise , -RSB- you 'll do the same exact thing : Shift ... -LSB- from -RSB- drive position to neutral , and steer the vehicle safely to a shoulder to come to a complete stop , " he said . Vehicles in the recall are : Toyota 's 2009-2010 RAV4 , Corolla and Matrix ; 2005-2010 Avalon ; certain 2007-2010 Camrys ; 2010 Highlander ; 2007-2010 Tundra ; and the 2008-2010 Sequoia . The Camry Hybrid is not included . CNN 's Brian Todd and CNNMoney.com 's Peter Valdes-Dapena contributed to this report .	Technician : If accelerator pedal is stuck , shift to neutral and cut ignition In Toyota vehicles , if you have a button for ignition , hold button for 3 seconds Toyota has recalled 2.3 million vehicles in U.S. for sticking accelerator pedals Toyota : Dealers should be able to start repairs as early as this weekend
CNN Student News  -- October 18 , 2013 As the week comes to a close , CNN Student News reports on U.S. government activity following Wednesday night 's deal in Washington . We also discuss a report on the widespread impact of modern-day slavery . Plus , we examine what could be a giant chunk of meteorite in Russia , and we hear why Spain is considering a time zone switch . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How can news organizations effectively convey images of modern-day slavery ? What effects might these images have on viewers ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the name of the U.S. government 's "  limit " on borrowing ? 2 . What island nation experienced a 7.1-magnitude earthquake on Tuesday morning ? 3 . What type of organism is methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus  MRSA  : bacteria , virus , or fungus ? 4 . In what country would you find the Swat Valley , where education activist Malala Yousafzai once lived ? 5 . Ruminating , supping and gormandizing are all synonyms for what action : walking , eating , or drinking ? 6 . What is the name of the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca , Saudi Arabia ? 7 . Former Army Capt. William Swenson received what medal , the U.S. military 's highest award for bravery ? 8 . In what country did divers recover what could be a meteorite that weighs more than 1,200 pounds ? 9 . What U.S. holiday occurs on the second Monday in October and is also celebrated as Dia de la Raza ? 10 . On what peninsula would you find Spain ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. Europe Russia ; Spain FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
London , England  CNN  -- It is a device that three quarters of the world 's inhabitants have access to , according to the World Bank , but the words to describe it and etiquette of how to use it differ starkly across cultures . In the UK , it is called a mobile , in the U.S. cell phone , in Latin America celular , in Japan keitai  portable  , in China shou-ji  hand machine  , in Bangladesh muthophone  phone in the palm of your hand  , in Sweden nalle  teddy bear  , in Israel Pelephone  wonder phone  and in Germany a handy . In Japan , train commuters receive a barrage of recorded announcements telling them to switch their mobiles to silent or vibrate , referred to as "  manner mode " . Using a mobile in public is frowned upon in a land where collective needs are put above the individual 's . "  Japanese culture highly values social harmony and social disturbance is heavily sanctioned , " explains Satomi Sugiyama , associate professor at Franklin College Switzerland . If someone tries to board a bus while taking a call , the driver will not let them on , adds cultural anthropologist Mizuko Ito . "  In Japan your phone should n't be a nuisance to others , " she says . "  This means generally keeping it on manner mode when out of the house , and not taking calls in cafes and restaurants . If somebody 's phone rings , they will be flustered and silence it or take a very quick call , " Ito explains . The density of urban spaces , the high use of public transportation , and the relative lack of privacy in homes contribute to ways of communicating that do n't impose on others , she explains . Texting , mobile email , games and novels are more popular than voice calls among the Japanese . In Spain and Italy , in contrast , mobiles are used everywhere and people discuss are not averse to discussing their personal lives in public . Renfe , the state-owned train operating company in Spain , once promoted its journeys on a poster depicting conversations people can have with their partners on cell phones from the train . Smartphones are the new wingman The Spanish , like the Italians , happily answer calls in restaurants , during business meetings , conferences and even sometimes during concerts . Discreetly texting or instant messaging under the table during meetings is also commonplace , Amparo Lasén , professor of sociology at the University Complutense de Madrid , says . Spanish people have always discussed their private lives in the streets , so doing so on mobile is just an evolution of that . "  Sometimes Spanish people leave movie theaters just to check what is happening on their phone , " Lasén says . "  You have an obligation to be available to close friends , colleagues and customers . There is an obligation of accountability , " she adds . However , it is not the Spaniards but the Finns who are the chattiest on their mobiles in Europe , clocking up an average of 257 minutes a month , according to GSMA 's European Mobile Observatory 2011 . Then again , it is the homeland of Nokia . Austrians follow closely behind the Finns at 240 minutes of use , while the Maltese spend the least time talking -- an average of 46 minutes per month . In parts of India and Africa , there is also a culture of split-second calls known as "  flashing " or "  beeping . " Jonathan Donner , a researcher at Microsoft India who published a paper on "  The Rules of Beeping , " said : "  Beeping is simple : A person calls a mobile telephone number and then hangs up before the mobile 's owner can pick up the call . " The mobile owner can then phone them back , thus picking up the tab for the call . Donner first came across "  beeping " in Rwanda and tracked it 's use across Africa . He said the practice has many different meanings from "  Come and pick me up " , to "  Hi " , to "  I 'm thinking of you " to "  Call me back . " Read related : Seven ways mobile phones have changed Africa As blogger Shashank Bengali writes : "  There are unwritten but deeply observed rules for flashing . When your mechanic wants to tell you your car is ready , for example , he can flash you -- it 's your car , after all , and if you want it back , you 'd better call him . "  It 's also hierarchical : an employee calling a superior , who makes more money , is justified in flashing -- unless he really needs a favor . " He sounds a note of warning though : "  If you 're trying to woo a lady , do n't flash her . Ever . " Read more from Our Mobile Society In India it is common for people to take calls inside a movie theater . People do n't know if the call is important so they pick up , Umang Shah , of PhiMetrics , a telecom audit and consulting firm in India , says . Like in Spain , few Indians have or use voicemail , he added . Another quirk about India is that the caller may get to hear a Bollywood song , chosen by the subscriber instead of a ringing tone . Known as caller tunes , the subscriber is charged for this monthly and according to Shah , they are a big money-spinner . This is also common in parts of Africa where a caller might hear a quote from the Bible . In both continents , it is also common for people to take calls inside a movie theater . "  Even at highly official functions , during speeches and so on people in India take the call , " Kadira Pethiyagoda , visiting doctoral student at St. Anthony 's College , Oxford , says . "  Indian society has a long tradition of tolerance , including in terms of allowing others to infringe on what those in the West would consider one 's personal space , " he says . This is why phone use in cinemas and crowded trains , is tolerated , he adds . "  Indian society is also more communal than the West which , in part , leads to an increased importance of constantly staying in touch , " he adds . "  People pick up their phones everywhere in Africa . The only places they do n't are the mosque or the church , " Abdullahi Arabo , BT research fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute , explains . "  Part of it is showing off that they have the device and if the call is from far away they like to show it 's an international call . " In Japanese movie halls , on the contrary , 45-year-old Tokyo housewife Kanako Shibamoto says "  we are not allowed to even put phones into silent mode because the light of the screen might make other people annoyed . " Mobile manufacturers have also created double sim card handsets for the emerging markets so they can simultaneously benefit from the best data and voice deals . In general , Indians chat for an average of 346 minutes a month , benefiting from extremely low rates of 0.5 rupee  less than half a cent  a minute . Multiple sim ownership is common across Asia , Africa and Latin America . In Africa , it is because most of the service providers are unreliable and they ca n't get a signal , Arabo says . In the U.S. , a Synovate market research poll found that 72 per cent of Americans considered loud conversations in public places to be the worst habits of cell phone users . Now the new gripe appears to be iPhone 4S users repeating simple questions to Apple 's Siri , a robotic assistant . "  People seem to be accepting of phone calls but not of people talking to a disembodied voice on their phone , " says Jane Vincent , visiting fellow at the Digital World Research Centre , University of Surrey . Texting was initially slow to take off in America , because "  differing networks did not work well together in the early days of mobile communication causing dysfunctional text messaging across networks , " says Scott Campbell , professor of telecommunications at the University of Michigan . "  Texting is now as big in America as everywhere , " he says . Campbell also said mobile internet has been slow on the uptake there as digital media tablets are becoming popular ways of going online . "  They have a larger screen and better interface than mobile . " Do you agree or disagree with the views in this article ? What quirks have you noticed about your country or other places you have visited ? Tell us in the comments box below . CNN 's Stephanie Busari contributed to this article	Cultural differences dictate ways in which mobile phones are used around the world Words to describe it and etiquette of how to use it differ starkly across cultures The Spanish , like the Italians , happily answer calls in restaurants , during business meetings While in Japan it is frowned upon to answer your phone in public places
CNN  -- Growing up in the Jim Crow-era South , we saw firsthand the great disparities in health care suffered by African-Americans . The lack of access to basic services , the dearth of black physicians and the often overtly racist attitudes of white health care providers contributed to higher rates of infant mortality , chronic illnesses and shorter life expectancy . The Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , said that "  of all forms of inequality , injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane . " But has n't the prejudice that prevailed in those far off times been eliminated in today 's more equitable society ? Or do health disparities persist in less obvious but no less worrying ways -- and not just for African-Americans ? Studies emphatically conclude that such disparities do persist . U.S. News and World Report released its latest issue announcing the best hospitals in the nation on Tuesday . People put a lot of stock in these rankings , and equality of treatment should be considered as a factor in what makes a hospital excellent . "  Unequal Treatment , " published by the Institute of Medicine in 2002 , spelled out exactly how Latinos , African-Americans , Native-Americans , Asian-Americans , and Pacific Islanders receive care that 's inferior to that enjoyed by mainstream Americans . The IOM report triggered other studies that demonstrated the  often unconscious  prejudice that prevails in treating women , the elderly , the LGBT community , the obese -- 13 groups in all -- a large percentage of the health care consuming public . Here are a few shocking examples : Women with symptoms of heart disease often are not transported by emergency medical services to health facilities as rapidly as men . Women and blacks with heart attack symptoms are not given cardiac catheterizations and other appropriate clinical tests at the same rate as white men . Latinos and African-Americans do not receive the same pain medication for long bone fractures as do their fellow citizens . Attacking health disparities head-on can make a big difference . A program in Alaska designed to train dental health care therapists -- the rough equivalent of physician 's assistants -- celebrated its 10th anniversary this month . The Native Tribal Council initiated the program , Dentex , because the state had few dentists and most would n't accept Medicaid . Many native children lost all of their teeth by age 18 , affecting their health , social lives , school attendance , and employment possibilities . The dental health aide therapists have improved oral health in Alaska dramatically . Now , despite the fierce opposition of the American Dental Association , Maine and Minnesota have approved the training and deployment of similar mid-level dental providers , and other states are considering it . It is widely accepted that African-Americans and Hispanics are underserved . Shortening the waiting times at Grady Hospital in Atlanta , Georgia -- which primarily serves African-American , Hispanic and other minority populations -- allowed greater access to mental health services because the population is admitted more quickly and provided with care . Hospitals would be encouraged to join the fight if equality were included as a metric in the U.S. News and World Report rankings . These rankings are popular and closely watched . They bestow bragging rights on hospitals , but most important , provide guidance for people deeply interested in where they might go to receive the best care in the specialties that concern them most . U.S. News and World Report has a tremendous opportunity to facilitate significant changes in health care delivery by rating hospitals for their care of the underserved . Its annual hospital rankings tell consumers nothing on this vital subject . Where do hospitals rank in their understanding of the problem of unequal care ? What measures do they take to counteract the effects of prejudice in the treatment they provide ? We encourage the publication to maximize this opportunity before next year 's "  Best Hospitals " issue . That would enable women and minorities to advocate for health care equality more successfully . It would help U.S. health professionals understand health disparities and more effectively treat underserved and minority populations . Most important , it would help all patients and their families , not just those who need not worry about disparities in care , to know better where to go for the care they need .	U.S. News and World Report releases respected list of best hospitals in the U.S. Louis Sullivan , Augustus White grew up when minority health care was shameful They say problems persist in unequal access , quality of care for minorities , women Authors : "  Best Hospital " rankings must include metric of equal treatment
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi has not been seen for six weeks and may be facing psychological torture by the government , activists claimed Monday , citing sources in the country . "  We are extremely concerned for the health and well-being of Karrubi , who is 74 years old , and no one has heard from him for six weeks , not his wife , any family or associates , " said Hadi Ghaemi , the director of the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . His wife said she had not had any contact with him since July 16 , the campaigners said , citing the opposition leader 's official website . Ghaemi alleged that Karrubi is "  surrounded by a team of psychiatrists working with his captors " to try to manipulate him into a televised confession . He cited "  a credible source from inside Iran , " without saying who it was . An opposition website said February that both Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi , another opposition leader , had been detained . The website , Kaleme , citing "  trusted sources , " reported that the men and their wives had been arrested and taken to Tehran 's Heshmatieh prison . The semi-official Fars news agency denied the report , citing an unnamed judiciary source , but it had earlier said that the government had restricted the movements and communications of both men . The two , who are both former government insiders , both ran for president against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the disputed 2009 election that led to months of protests and a government crackdown on the opposition . Iranian authorities rounded up opponents afresh in February , as revolutions swept the region . Iran media said Monday that that Karrubi was being kept in an unknown location but did not include any comments from Iranian officials . International journalists have been limited in their ability to gather news in Iran , where the government has squelched the media and maintains tight control over state-linked news organizations .	Mehdi Karrubi has not been in contact with his wife since July 16 , she says , according to campaigners Activists fear he is under psychological pressure to make a televised confession He and Mir Hossein Moussavi came under restrictions in February Iranian officials have apparently not commented on the reports about Karrubi
CNN  -- If Fort Hood shooting suspect Maj. Nidal Hasan follows through on representing himself at trial , he 'll get the rare opportunity to cross-examine victims on the stand . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , faces a court-martial on murder charges in a November 2009 shooting rampage at the base near Killeen , Texas , that left 13 people dead and dozens more wounded . He has been cleared to represent himself in the case . Jury selection was supposed to begin Wednesday , but Hasan , 42 , has requested more time to prepare for trial . "  If Hasan is the lawyer , he will be cross-examining victims , people that he shot , which is a really appalling prospect , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst . One victim said he is "  very upset " by the prospect of facing questioning by Hasan on the witness stand . Staff Sgt. Alonso Lonsford , who was shot seven times , including once in the head , said he found the strength to survive because he wanted to see justice served on a man who betrayed his uniform . Still , he is not relishing his day on the stand . "  The way I look at it , Maj. Hasan is an Army psychiatrist and so he 's very well trained on how to deal with service members that suffer ... traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder , " Lonsford said . "  I know that he 's going to try to push certain triggers to get a physical reaction out of us to try to help him on his quest to become a martyr , so basically we have to outsmart and outwit him at the game he 's trying to play . " Toobin concurred that Hasan was striving for martyrdom after the defendant told a judge he was defending Taliban leadership , specifically Mullah Mohammed Omar , during the massacre . "  He is trying to become a martyr , trying to be executed for this crime , " Toobin said , adding that Hasan 's defense amounted to a "  form of suicide by judge . " Many murder defendants have represented themselves at trial . Ted Bundy cross-examined witnesses . Long Island Railroad shooter Colin Ferguson cross-examined his own victims . After the testimony of Maryanne Phillips , the first person shot during the 1993 massacre , Ferguson asked if she had closed here eyes while playing dead after she was shot , according to a New York Times account from his 1995 trial . "  Yes , so you would n't come back and shoot me again , " she said . "  But if your eyes were closed , how could you see the man you say was doing the shooting ? " Ferguson asked , according to the paper . Ferguson was found guilty . He will serve life in prison as his earliest possible release date is 2309 .	Cleared to represent himself , Fort Hood shooting suspect could question victims during trial Nidal Hasan faces an Army court-martial in 2009 massacre that left 13 dead , dozens hurt "  Basically we have to outsmart and outwit him , " sergeant says of taking stand in trial
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scientist and author Stephen Hawking is "  very ill " and has been hospitalized , according to Cambridge University , where he is a professor . Stephen Hawking in Pasadena , California , in March . Cambridge University said the 67-year-old is "  comfortable " and will stay overnight at Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge . Hawking , one of the world 's most famous physicists , is also a cosmologist , astronomer , and mathematician . Wheelchair-bound Hawking is perhaps most famous for "  A Brief History of Time , " which explored the origins of the universe in layman 's terms . The book is considered a modern classic . Hawking has Lou Gehrig 's Disease  Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis , or ALS  , which is usually fatal after three years . Hawking has survived for more than 40 years since his diagnosis . On his Web site , Hawking has written about living with ALS . "  I try to lead as normal a life as possible , and not think about my condition , or regret the things it prevents me from doing , which are not that many , " he wrote . He added : "  I have been lucky , that my condition has progressed more slowly than is often the case . But it shows that one need not lose hope . " The disease has left him paralyzed -- he is able to move only a few fingers on one hand . Hawking is completely dependent on others or technology for virtually everything -- bathing , dressing , eating , even speech . He uses a speech synthesizer with an American accent . Hawking has been married and divorced twice . In 2004 , police completed an investigation into accusations by Hawking 's daughter that his second wife was abusing him . Authorities said they found no proof . His Web site says he has three children and one grandchild . Hawking was born in Oxford , England , on what turned out to be an auspicious date : January 8 , 1942 -- the 300th anniversary of the death of astronomer and physicist Galileo Galilei . A Cambridge University spokesman told CNN : "  Professor Hawking is very ill and has been taken by ambulance to Addenbrookes Hospital , Cambridge . " Professor Peter Haynes , head of the university 's department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics , said : "  Professor Hawking is a remarkable colleague , we all hope he will be amongst us again soon . " At Cambridge , he holds the position of Lucasian Professor Mathematics -- the prestigious post held from 1669 to 1702 by Sir Isaac Newton . Hawking has guest-starred , as himself , on Star Trek : The Next Generation and The Simpsons . He also said if he had the choice of meeting Newton or Marilyn Monroe , his choice would be Marilyn . In October , CNN 's Becky Anderson interviewed Hawking . The following are some quotes from that interview : "  Over the last twenty years , observations have to a large extent confirmed the picture I painted in ' A Brief History of Time . ' The one major development that was not anticipated was the discovery that the expansion of the universe is accelerating now , rather than slowing down ... We live in the most probable of all possible worlds . " CNN 's Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report	Physicist Stephen Hawking hospitalized Monday in "  very ill " condition 67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease Hawking is considered by many to be world 's greatest living scientist
President Barack Obama said he has "  no sympathy at all for destroying your own communities , " urging protesters in Ferguson to avoid a second night of violence and fight instead for longer-lasting political changes . Obama 's comments Tuesday in Chicago came as the sun set in Missouri and law enforcement officers -- including 1,500 additional National Guard troops -- prepared to stop the looting and fires that followed a grand jury 's decision not to indict the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown in August . "  The frustrations that we 've seen are not just about a particular incident , " he said . "  They have deep roots in many communities of color who have a sense that our laws are not always being enforced uniformly or fairly . That may not be true everywhere and it 's certainly not true for the vast majority of law enforcement officials , but that 's an impression that folks have and it 's not just made up -- it 's rooted in realities that have existed in this country for a long time . " RELATED : King to Obama : Invite Wilson to White House He said Monday night 's protests were "  overwhelmingly peaceful , " but said some of the images from Ferguson -- including police cars being destroyed and businesses looted -- should n't be tolerated . "  There are productive ways of responding and expressing those frustrations , and there are destructive ways of responding , " Obama said . "  Burning buildings , torching cars , destroying property , putting people at risk -- that 's destructive and there 's no excuse for it . Those are criminal acts . And people should be prosecuted if they engage in criminal acts . " The President 's comments came at the beginning of a speech that was focused on immigration . He said he would n't comment on the grand jury 's decision not to indict Darren Wilson , the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed Brown . But Obama said better police training , law enforcement forces that are representative of the communities they serve and more "  makes a difference . " He promised regional meetings focused on "  building trust in our communities " between police and residents , and vowed to work with protesters who want to make political changes . "  For the overwhelming majority of people who just feel frustrated and pained because they get a sense that maybe some communities are n't treated fairly or some individuals are n't seen as as worthy as others , I understand that and I want to work with you , " he said . Obama tackles immigration , Ferguson at hometown rally Obama echoed Attorney General Eric Holder , who said Tuesday afternoon that peaceful and non-violent protests have a history of forcing change in the United States , and called it "  heartening " that some leaders of the protests tried to stop the violence that broke out Monday night . "  I really embrace those who have been proactively intervening to stop acts of violence within their midst and I encourage them to continue exercising this important leadership . I know this is not an easy thing to do , " Holder said . The Justice Department has launched civil rights investigations into both the Brown shooting and the Ferguson Police Department 's relations with minorities . Officials from the department have been in the area since August working to ease tensions between protesters and police and offering training to local law enforcement . Amid concerns about a second night of violence , Holder said the Justice Department remains in contact with leaders of the protests . He also said the department will conduct a review in the wake of Monday night "  so that we can develop strategies for identifying and isolating the criminal elements from peaceful protestors . " RELATED : 9 moments that capture the chaos in Ferguson Before departing the White House for Chicago , Obama was briefed by Holder on both the situation in Ferguson and longer-term efforts to improve relations between citizens and police , White House spokesman Eric Schultz said . Top Obama aide Valerie Jarrett spoke twice -- Monday night and Tuesday morning -- with Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon , and has also briefed Obama . Jarrett and Holder also held a conference call with civil rights leaders . Cabinet Secretary Broderick Johnson , meanwhile , held a call with Missouri officials to coordinate their response in Ferguson , while White House staffers discussed other cities ' responses with mayors across the country . After a St. Louis County prosecutor announced that the grand jury had decided against indicting Officer Darren Wilson on Monday night , Obama said protesters ' anger is "  understandable " but urged them to remain peaceful . As he spoke , though , some of the hundreds in the streets of Ferguson had looted local stores , destroyed police cruisers and set fires -- and police responded by firing tear gas into crowds . "  I think the images that were captured last night were all the more reason the President felt compelled to go out and speak and urge calm , " Schultz said . Obama deflected a question about whether he would visit Ferguson . Asked on Tuesday about travel to the area , Schultz said Obama would decide once "  things calm down a little bit . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	President Barack Obama says he has "  no sympathy " for violence after a grand jury did not indict the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown Obama called on protesters to fight for political change and new policies to improve relations with police Attorney General Eric Holder says the Justice Department 's two civil rights reviews in Brown 's shooting will continue
CNN  -- A 12.76-carat pink diamond has been unearthed in an Australian mine , the largest ever found in the country . Christened as the Argyle Pink Jubilee , the diamond was found in mining giant Rio Tinto 's Argyle diamond mine in Western Australia 's East Kimberly region . The Argyle mine is the world 's largest producer of pink diamonds , with Rio Tinto reporting that the mine generates more than 90 % of the global market supply . "  A diamond of this caliber is unprecedented -- it has taken 26 years of Argyle production to unearth this stone , and we may never see one like this again , " said Argyle Pink Diamonds Manager Josephine Johnson in a statement . Rio Tinto expects that after two months of assessment and planning , it will take ten days to cut and polish the diamond into a single stone . The finished stone will be offered for sale during the company 's annual Argyle Pink Diamonds Tender later this year . According to Australia 's Herald Sun , the diamond will be worth at least US$ 1.07 million . However , it is premature to judge the stone 's significance at this point , according to Sotheby 's Asia department head of jewelry , Chin Yeow Quek . "  It is hard to judge a stone in the rough . It really depends on how large the rock will be polished downed to , " he said , explaining that diamonds tend to lose at least 50 % of their weight during the polishing process . "  It also depends on the -LSB- intensity of -RSB- color and clarity , " he added . He cited as a benchmark the 24.78-carat fancy intense pink diamond sold by Sotheby 's Geneva office in November , 2010 for more than US $ 46 million , which set the world 's auction record for any diamond and jewel at US$ 1.86 million per carat . Natural pink diamonds are considered one of the most valuable types of diamonds , and are typically found in museums , fine auction houses , and on the hands of royalty . The company said the Argyle Pink Jubilee is in a similar light pink color to the 24-carat Williamson Pink that Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II received as a wedding gift .	A 12.76-carat rough pink diamond was found in a West Australian mine owned by Rio Tinto The diamond was the largest rough pink diamond ever found in Australia . Named the Argyle Pink Jubilee , the polished product will be offered for sale later this year .
London  CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday told an international summit on ending sexual violence in conflict that it was time for the world to banish the crime "  to the history books where it belongs . " "  It 's time for us in an age where we see enough of chaos , failed and failing states , to write a new norm , one that protects women , girls , men , boys , protects them from these unspeakable crimes , " he said . Kerry 's words came on the final day of the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict , hosted this week in London by UK Foreign Secretary William Hague and Hollywood star and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie . Kerry called on governments to end a culture of impunity for war-zone rape , for perpetrators to be held accountable and for victims to be supported , not ostracized by their communities . Representatives of more than 100 countries attended the summit , as well as hundreds of experts , survivors , faith leaders , and staffers from NGOs and international organizations . "  This conference , the largest of its kind in history , is about forcing the world to stop looking away , " said Kerry . "  There is a real and critical role for governments to play in this fight . " Kerry also had a message for those who say that sexual violence in war is too ingrained to be wiped out : Look at what has already been done by the "  civilized world " when its conscience is stirred . He cited efforts to stamp out the use of chemical weapons and nuclear weapons as examples of the world 's ability to shift course after realizing the horror of mankind 's actions . "  So when people ask if we can actually outlaw sexual violence in warfare , the answer is a resounding yes ; yes we can achieve this goal . " The summit organizers have established four goals : Ending the culture of impunity by agreeing on an international protocol for documenting and investigating sexual violence in conflict zones ; taking practical steps to protect women , including by training soldiers and peacekeepers ; increasing support for survivors and human rights activists ; and achieving a "  seismic shift " in attitudes so that the problem is recognized and tackled globally . Jolie , who was joined at the summit by fiance Brad Pitt , gave opening remarks Tuesday . "  It is a myth that rape is an inevitable part of conflict , " she said . There 's nothing inevitable about it . It is a weapon of war aimed at civilians . It has nothing to do with sex , everything to do with power . "	Secretary of State John Kerry says world must "  write a new norm " on sexual violence in war "  There is a real and critical role for governments to play in this fight , " Kerry says His words come on a the final day of the largest ever summit on sexual violence in conflict Its organizers want to end culture of impunity for perpetrators , boost support for victims
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton designated an India-based militant group as a foreign terrorist organization Thursday . It is the Indian Mujahideen , which has "  close ties to other U.S. - designated terrorist entities . " They include Pakistan-based Lashkar e-Tayyiba , Jaish-e-Mohammed and Harakat ul-Jihad-i-Islami . The State Department said in a statement the group 's goal "  is to carry out terrorist actions against non-Muslims in furtherance of its ultimate objective -- an Islamic Caliphate across South Asia . " In 2008 , the group "  was responsible for 16 synchronized bomb blasts in crowded urban centers and a local hospital that killed 38 and injured more than 100 in Ahmedabad , " the State Department said . It "  played a facilitative role " in the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 163 people . It also carried out the 2010 bombing of a bakery in Pune , India , killing 17 people . U.S. entities and people are prohibited from "  providing material support or resources to , or engaging in other transactions " with the group . Another result of the designation is the "  freezing of all property and interests in property of the organization that are in the United States , or come within the United States , or the control of U.S. persons . "	The Indian Mujahideen has close links to Pakistani militant groups The group has carried out a flurry of attacks in recent years
New York  CNN  -- Mary Richardson Kennedy was remembered Saturday as a best friend who lived life to the fullest while battling depression . "  She was brilliant and she was beautiful and she cared so very very deeply about everybody around her , " said longtime friend and sister-in-law Kerry Kennedy . "  She loved her children more than anything else . " Mary Kennedy , the estranged wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , was found dead Wednesday in Bedford , New York , the small town north of New York City where she lived . She died of asphyxiation due to hanging , the Westchester County medical examiner said . Who was Mary Kennedy ? A private memorial service was held Saturday at St. Patrick 's Roman Catholic Church in Bedford . Among those attending were Glenn Close , Chevy Chase , Susan Sarandon and Larry David . Mary , 52 , was buried near Hyannisport , Massachusetts , where the Kennedy family has a compound . She married Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in 1994 . The prominent environmental lawyer is the third of 11 children born to Ethel and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , who was gunned down in 1968 . The assassination was one of a string of tragedies to befall the Kennedy family , America 's royal family in the absence of monarchy . President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 , five years before his younger brother . More than three decades later , in 1999 , John F. Kennedy Jr. ; his wife , Carolyn Bessette Kennedy ; and his sister-in-law , Lauren Bessette , died when a plane he was piloting crashed in the waters off Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . David Kennedy died of a drug overdose in 1984 , and Michael Kennedy was killed in a skiing accident in 1997 . Both were sons of Robert F. Kennedy Sr. . The details of the couple 's private life surfaced after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce in 2010 . After that , Mary Kennedy was charged once with driving while intoxicated and once with driving while impaired by prescription drugs , according to Bedford police . Her family criticized media accounts of her death for what they called "  inaccuracies and misrepresentations " of her life . Kerry Kennedy talked about Mary 's depression . "  She was battling those demons , " Kerry Kennedy said . "  She was an angel who was brought to live with us here on Earth . God just brought her back up to heaven and said , ` You do n't have to fight for me anymore . ' "	Private memorial service for Mary Kennedy was held in Bedford , New York She was found dead from asphyxiation by hanging on Wednesday She married Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in 1994 ; they were estranged but still married
CNN  -- As Moscow escalates its invasion of eastern Ukraine and NATO convenes this week in Wales , the United States , NATO , and free nations around the world confront a pivotal moment of truth . If the international community , led by the United States , fails to respond in a strong and unified manner to Moscow 's blatant aggression in Ukraine , the ramifications will be both serious and far-reaching . By now , it should be clear to all objective observers that Russian President Vladimir Putin is not impressed by starkly worded statements and declarations , and if that is the only outcome in Wales , it could represent a historic failure of the alliance at a time when NATO 's foundational purpose has renewed relevance . As NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen confirmed last week , Russian forces have "  engaged in direct military operations inside Ukraine , " including firing on Ukrainian forces from inside Ukraine itself . According to NATO , in addition to the Russian-backed separatists , there are now more than a thousand Russian military forces in Ukraine . This latest escalation follows Russia 's illegal annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine , as well as months of instigating and perpetuating the crisis in eastern Ukraine . Even after the Russian-backed separatists apparently launched a missile that murdered 298 people on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , Putin has continued to provide separatists with tanks , armored vehicles , artillery , rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons . In short , Putin has brushed aside U.S. and European warnings , as well as initial sanctions , and has invaded eastern Ukraine . The pre-eminent question now is what will the United States and NATOâ $ " and nations around the world that value democracy , freedom and the rule of lawâ $ " do about it ? In May 2012 , NATO governments declared that , "  An independent , sovereign and stable Ukraine , firmly committed to democracy and the rule of law , is key to Euro-Atlantic security . " Opinion : "  The NATO Show " -- Putin 's favorite comedy ? In his June 4 speech in Poland , President Obama said , "  Our free nations will stand united so that further Russian provocations will only mean more isolation and costs for Russia . " As NATO declared at the 2010 Lisbon Conference , "  Crises and conflicts beyond NATO 's borders can pose a direct threat to the security of Alliance territory and populations . " Russia 's aggression in Ukraine certainly presents a threat to NATO . The NATO Summit in Wales presents a critical opportunity to build the consensus necessary to back up these declarations with tangible and urgent action . This action should include the toughest possible U.S. and European sanctions against Russia , the provision of much-needed and long-requested weapons to Ukraine , the strengthening of NATO 's military posture in eastern Europe , the sharing of real-time intelligence with Kyiv , as well as robust economic assistance . The United States and NATO do not need to send combat forces to Ukraine . The Ukrainian people have demonstrated a willingness to fight , and all they have asked for is our support . As Europeans learned at a tremendous cost during World War II , weakness and delay in the face of invasion and aggression only invite more aggression . Thus far , the West 's tepid response to Moscow 's actions in Ukraine has only confirmed Putin 's view that the United States and Europe lack the resolve to stand up to him -- and even worse , he views it as a green light for expanded aggression . Continued weakness in the face of Putin 's invasion risks leaving him with the dangerous impression that he can send his "  little green men " to NATO member nations on Russia 's periphery . Such a step by Moscow would trigger NATO 's Article Five commitments and would require a NATO military response , as Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's Supreme Allied Commander Europe , has reiterated . The United States and our NATO allies wish we had a well-intentioned partner in Moscow who follows international law and respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors . Despite NATO 's best efforts to establish friendly and constructive relations with Russia since at least 1994 , we clearly do not have a partner in Moscow . Putin is a bully who wants to prevent the Ukrainian people and their legitimately elected government from choosing their own future based on his nostalgia for his days in the KGB , his desire to restore Russian dominance over its neighbors , and his fear that a democratic , independent and prosperous Ukraine might entice Russians to demand more accountability , democracy and prosperity at home . The United States and our democratic allies in Europe and around the world are not and must not be neutral when a free people and their democratically elected government confront an unprovoked invasion of their sovereign territory . Opinion : Ukraine 's strong argument for military aid Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Kim Jong Un in North Korea , the Taliban in Afghanistan , and Putin in Russia are watching . Do the United States and NATO possess the political will to back up their statements ? The answer to that question will have national security consequences for years to come in Europe and around the world .	Sen. Kelly Ayotte : Moscow 's escalation presents a challenge for NATO leadership She says starkly worded statements have n't deterred Russia 's Vladimir Putin NATO needs to ramp up economic sanctions , provide military aid to Ukraine Ayotte : Failure to act would invite more aggression
EW.com  -- Fox has renewed its Sunday reality kingpin "  Family Guy , " as well as another Seth MacFarlane title , "  American Dad . " But the broadcaster is postponing making a decision on "  Family Guy " spinoff "  The Cleveland Show . " "  Family Guy " will be back for an 11th season , and "  Dad " for an eighth  been that long ? Wow ...  ; both pickups are for the standard 22 episodes . "  Cleveland " is a more uncertain . Fox could be simply waiting until after the upfronts are over to quietly let its option to pick up the show lapse , or could simply be postponing the decision until it needs to be made . There 's enough episodes in the pipeline to keep "  Cleveland " on the air for a fourth season next year , so even with the long production time of Fox 's Sunday night animated comedies , there 's some wiggle room to delay the verdict . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox has renewed "  Family Guy " and "  American Dad " No announcement has been made regarding "  The Cleveland Show " There 's enough episodes in the pipeline to keep "  Cleveland " on the air for a fourth season next year
New York  CNN  -- The massacre in Newtown brought back an old memory -- a day in the 1970s when as a 12-year-old French school boy I had held my first gun . On a Wednesday , a short school day in France , one of my classmates had brought a whole group of kids to his house . The parents were away at the office so we tasted a few drops of his dad 's Scotch , checked out his older brother 's collection of Playboy magazine , then , as if we needed to complete our transgressions , our young host led us upstairs , opened a drawer in the master bedroom , and pulled out this mass of black metal . Many of us had seen our grandfathers ' hunting rifles , but this was the real thing -- designed to pierce big holes in human bodies . And as we passed the gun along , some of us refused to touch it . The weapon conveyed less the glamorous image of Hollywood thrillers than the ghastly and realistic press account of the end of a gangster , riddled with bullets by the police in the middle of Paris a few weeks before . Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ? It also brought back the story a teacher had told us about the sound he had heard as a child in World War II , of German SS soldiers finishing off hostages one by one in a courtyard of his village . As we left the house that day , we all had the strange feeling we had just met the ultimate taboo , an instrument of ugly death belonging either to a dark underworld , or to a higher and overpowering authority . As a reporter in the United States , I sometimes had to smile at my prudish European state of mind , when I saw , for example , members of the Blood gang in Los Angeles casually eating their pizza , their guns visible in their belts , or every time I pass by the weapons counter at Walmart where families buy guns as if they were shopping for the nearby kitchen appliances . To a foreigner , the horror of Columbine , the abyss of Newtown may bring another surprise -- the unbelievable ease with which the perpetrators have gathered their arsenal , their casual expertise in using it as an extension of their mundane anxieties , the bloody resolution of trivial problems at home with mom and dad . The European press as a whole may have once again stigmatized "  America 's love story with its guns " but the story seems to be less about love or passion than about the amazing familiarity and trivialization of instruments of death displayed by Americans . On Friday , a relative called me from France . A retired kindergarten teacher , she told me about the "  gut wrenching pain " she had felt following the news of faraway Connecticut . As we ended our conversation , she wondered : "  Are we that far behind them ? " Sure , a few months ago , a young French jihadist named Mohammed Merah massacred children in a Jewish school in Toulouse . In peaceful Norway , a neo-Nazi went on a nightmarish rampage . But both plans stemmed from another world , that of terrorism -- a warrior 's logic so determined and deeply rooted in ideology it defied any norm of the society it targeted . In France , the last mass shooting comparable to the recent American random murders dates back to 2002 , when a Richard Durn gunned down eight members of the city council of his home town of Nanterre , a suburb of Paris . And the only known equivalent of Columbine , Virginia Tech or Newtown took place in Dunblane , Scotland , in March 1996 when a former scout leader killed 16 children and one adult in a school . Yet , why does n't it happen more often ? One explanation comes to mind . It is way more difficult to find an efficient weapon in Europe , and this challenge may deter all but the most determined potential murderers . I concur with the American gun lobby that gun control amounts to an obvious restriction of individual liberties . Like most French or European citizens , I would add a point : So what ? Who even cares that , barring some  even more restrictive  amendments added since the 1980s , most of our gun laws date back to the decrees of April 18 , 1939 . It was a time of official mobilization against Hitler 's imminent offensive , a time when a derelict French government cared less about its citizens killing each other than about the populace , or political factions , turning their weapons against the state for an insurrection . For the next four years , the occupants , and the collaborationist regime of Vichy , simplified the system by executing anybody found in possession of a mere hunting rifle . And after the war , the legitimate government made an absolute priority of collecting the assault weapons hidden in private attics all around the country and reaffirming the 1939 law . It is still in place . There are eight categories of weapon , ranging from automatic hardware and machine guns which are prohibited , to hunting equipment allowed with a hunting permit . To get any category one or four weapons , like the Glock or the Sig Sauer used in Newtown , you need to be 21 , to have joined a shooting range for the last six months , provided a blank criminal record and a certificate of physical and mental health not older than two weeks . Then , the local police precinct starts a "  morality investigation " in your neighborhood that rivals the clearance work done by the FBI for anybody employed at the White House . One more point . Once you buy a gun , you still do n't own it . Property rights do n't apply to weapons . Even the European community , in spite of its principles of free enterprise and individual liberties , confirmed that there is no such thing as a right to own a weapon . A license is a temporary exception to the rule of prohibition . It is a privilege revoked after three years , before a new application . World reaction : ` My heart is in Newtown ' These are the rules , but they are just rules . But our fear and taboos about firearms are a much more efficient gun control in our society . The laws are so strict they can not be efficiently implemented . That is why , mostly for bureaucratic reasons , more than 16 million weapons are unaccounted for and kept illegally , according to Small Arms Survey , mostly by otherwise law-abiding French citizens . Still , per capita , our murder rate is a fraction of the American one . This does n't mean France is not growing more violent . Its underworld is changing and expanding fast . Gangsters now use RPGs -LSB- rocket-propelled grenades -RSB- and bazookas to attack bank trucks , and military grade fully automatic weapons to kill their guards . Drug dealers execute their competitors in Marseille with dreadful impunity . The Corsican mob , or its independent networks have killed 20 people in the island in a year . Thousands of military grade weapons are flowing now in western Europe , the remnants of the recent Balkan wars , exported by corrupt officials all around the former eastern block . A few blocks from the house where I first saw my first gun , teenage dealers stash Kalashnikovs in the basements of project buildings . They are still rarely used , and to most French people , they belong in a parallel world . For now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippe Coste .	Philippe Coste says Americans display amazing familiarity with instruments of death Way harder to find efficient weapons in Europe , he says : this may deter potential killers French hunters do n't own guns , he points out . They only get three-year license to use guns Coste : There are many illegal guns , but fear and taboo are more efficient gun control
Depending who you ask , Yahoo 's decision to hire Marissa Mayer several months into her pregnancy is either a boon to all working mothers or a misstep for the ailing tech company . "  Talk about lousy timing . She 'll be taking maternity leave when she needs to be at work . Yahoo has enough problems without a part-time CEO , " one commenter said in response to the Fortune article announcing news of her pregnancy . "  It is quite possible that she can do both effectively , but it is not un - ` evolved ' to express concern , " another said , referring to Mayer 's comment that Yahoo 's directors demonstrated "  evolved thinking " in choosing to hire a pregnant chief executive . "  As a Yahoo shareholder , I am very concerned and have every reason to be . " It 's possible that Mayer anticipated these reactions when she revealed her plan to work during her maternity leave so she could "  stay in the rhythm of things . " Her announcement reignited an already hot debate over whether women can "  have it all " and how family leave policies make it hard to juggle a successful career and family . Opinion : What signal is Marissa Mayer giving to Yahoo employees ? But Mayer is n't your typical working mother , and some believe her experience reflects the extreme demands that corporate America places on men and women alike and how that translates to national policy . Besides , the demands of motherhood only grow with time , author and activist Gloria Feldt said . That 's when benefits such as flexible scheduling , reduced work weeks and the option to work from home really make a difference in helping women get as close as possible to having it all . iReport : How do you balance career and family ? "  Life only gets busier as your children grow , and that 's where flexible benefits comes in , " she said . "  We have a long way to go as a country when it comes to making those benefits accessible to everyone . " iReporter Jennifer Compton was away from work for 12 weeks after the birth of her son , Jack . But that has n't made returning any easier , she said . Having flexible hours and remote cameras in day cares would help ease the transition , she said . "  Before , I got to spend all day with my son , and now it 's only two or three hours in the evening , " the human resources manager said in an iReport submitted to CNN.com . "  I want more time with my little guy , but I have to take what I can get . ... It 's hard to balance everything . " ` Superhuman , rich or self-employed ' That Mayer 's pregnancy is a matter of concern to some even though it was n't for Yahoo 's board  as Mayer tells it  reflects a double-standard , Feldt said . "  It 's very common for companies to negotiate time off upfront with a new hire . If she were a man , no one would judge her for taking time off , regardless of the reason , " said Feldt , author of "  No Excuses : 9 Ways Women Can Change How We Think About Power . " Nearly 61 % of women with children younger than 3 and 56 % of women with children younger than 1 were in the labor force in 2011 , according to Catalyst , an organization that tracks women 's advancement in the workplace , citing Bureau of Labor Statistics . But ambivalence over their participation in the work force seems to persist . A 2009 Pew Research Center report found that 21 % of adults said the trend toward more mothers working outside the home had been good for society ; 37 % said it had been bad and 38 % said it has n't made much difference . Women reported feeling stressed about balancing work and family , the report said , with 40 % of working moms saying they always feel rushed compared with 24 % of the general public and 26 % of stay-at-home moms . As for working dads , 25 % said they always feel rushed . This month 's Atlantic magazine cover story , "  Why Women Still Ca n't Have It All , " has stoked intense debate on the topic . Former State Department official Anne-Marie Slaughter proposes that the only women who manage to reach the pinnacle of their careers while raising a family are "  superhuman , rich or self-employed . " Slaughter chronicles her decision to leave Washington and return to academia so she can play a larger role in raising her sons , using her personal journey as a jumping off point to examine the decisions and barriers women face in balancing a career with family . In Twitter exchanges this week punctuated with the hashtag #havingitall , the Princeton University professor applauded Mayer 's appointment at Yahoo but noted that it seemed to prove her thesis . "  Women who are having it all are superhuman , rich , and in charge . I 'm all for Marissa Mayer ! but the norm ? " she tweeted . Her exchange with Mia Farrow , who tweeted "  let 's hope she inspires -LSB- corporations -RSB- to create better options for all working moms , " underscored what feminists and policy experts have been saying for years : that corporate culture in the United States , one of few industrialized nations without paid family leave for new parents , does not foster ideal conditions for work-life balance -- for women or men . "  We live in a society where there 's very little space for men or women in corporate spheres to easily juggle family lives with professional lives , " said Caroline Heldman , chair of the Politics Department at Occidental College in California . "  When we talk about maternity leave , we assume it 's only women who should be taking time off when a child is born . I think that comes from a culture where the assumption is that women are the primary caretakers and the father 's bond with his children is not as important , " Heldman said . "  I think we would have better familial bonds if we viewed parenting as something that every parent could participate in , not just women . " Someone in Mayer 's position likely has the resources to enable her to work through maternity leave , but that 's certainly not the norm for most working mothers . If anything , her experience is representative of the rules and expectations of CEOs of major corporations , 97 % of whom are male , Heldman said . "  Her choices do n't necessarily work for women in lower ranks and should not be held up as a standard for what all men or women should or could do , " Heldman said . "  She 's playing by the good old boys ' rules , which uphold a system that does n't allow space and time for male or female CEOs to really take time off if they need it . " Facing tough choices Some parents can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 , which guarantees eligible employees at companies with more than 50 employees 12 weeks of unpaid , job-guaranteed leave for the birth or adoption of a child , according to Catalyst . Similar statutes exist in Washington D.C. , California , Connecticut , Hawaii , Maine , Minnesota , New Jersey , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington state and Wisconsin . In 2002 , California became the first state to enact a paid family leave act , allowing employees to take six weeks ' leave and up to 55 % of their weekly wages , with a benefit cap , to care for a newborn or newly adopted child . Every employee who contributes to the State Disability Insurance is covered , not just those who work for companies with 50 employees or more . Although some individual companies offer a paid maternity leave benefit , many parents end up using a combination of short-term disability , sick leave , vacation , personal days and unpaid family leave . Most working mothers return to work within a year of having a child , according to the 2009 report , "  Opting-Out : An Exploration of Labor Force Participation of New Mothers , " based on the American Community Survey three-year data file for 2005-2007 . The researchers hypothesized that two groups of women may opt out : women whose earnings are so low they may not be able to afford child care and women whose family earnings allow them to forgo personal earnings . A 2004 Catalyst study found that while senior-level women and men showed interest in informal and formal flexible work arrangements , few actually took advantage of them : 44 % of women used flexible arrival and departure times , compared with 36 % of men ; and 13 % of women telecommuted or worked from home , compared with 12 % of men . Perhaps the most telling is that 91 % of women and 94 % of men agreed that they could be flexible with their schedules when they had a family emergency or personal matter , but only 15 % of women and 20 % of men said that they could use a flexible work arrangement without jeopardizing career advancement . In the absence of policies that help working mothers , some end up leaving the work force or creating their own solutions . iReporter Shadra Smith of Fort Wayne , Indiana , took a pay cut when she changed jobs after finding out she was pregnant . " -LSB- I -RSB- took a position that unfortunately pays less , but it allows me to have the mental and physical strength for my son , " Smith said in an iReport . "  I 've already accomplished some career goals , and being a mother is the career I would love to concentrate on now . " she said . "  The most challenging thing about being a working mom is not being able to experience the day to day growth of my son . " Marissa Mayer : Six life lessons from Yahoo CEO Know Yahoo 's Marissa Mayer in 11 facts	Yahoo CEO 's plan to work through maternity leave stokes debate over maternity leave Some say Mayer 's experience reflects demands of corporate America on men and women Author says Mayer proves that women who have it all are "  superhuman , rich , in charge " iReporters say flexible scheduling , working from home improve work-life balance
CNN  -- A python has killed a security guard near a luxury hotel in Bali , Indonesia . A doctor told CNN that a man 's corpse was brought to the RSUP Sanglah Denpasar Hospital in Bali on Friday . A large snake appears to have suffocated the man , said the doctor , who did not wish to be identified . The body has been released to the family , the doctor said . The python remains on the loose after strangling the guard , who was trying to capture the large snake , according to Agence France-Presse . Another security guard , at the Bali Hyatt , saw the attack , which took place "  on the roadway outside of the hotel 's property , " Jamie Zimmerman Rothfeld , a spokeswoman for the Bali Hyatt , told CNN . "  The management team and hotel associates of Bali Hyatt express their sincere condolences to the family of the victim of the python attack , " she said . Rothfeld declined further comment , saying the hotel is under renovation and closed until 2015 . She referred more details on the attack and search for the snake to local authorities , who could not be reached for comment . 70 people injured in fish attack CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Bali hospital receives a man 's corpse , a doctor tells CNN Large snake appears to have suffocated the man , the doctor says Hotel spokeswoman offers condolences to family of victim in python attack
EW.com  -- Universal Pictures just turned Valentine 's Day 2015 into a sure thing for millions of men . The studio is moving its release date for the movie adaptation of the erotic romance Fifty Shades of Grey out of next summer and onto Valentine 's Day weekend 2015 , turning what was sure to be a Girls Night Out event into an epic Date Night . The news , reported exclusively in this week 's EW cover story , comes on the heels of the studio 's announcement that it has pushed the start of production in Vancouver back a month to allow for the production to prep with its new leading man , Northern Irish actor Jamie Dornan , who plays kinky billionaire Christian Grey . But , Universal says , the casting change is not the primary reason for the new release date . EW : E L James launches ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' wine More pressing is the crowded summer schedule Fifty Shades was originally competing in . Originally set to hit screens August 1 , 2014 , the film , based on the sexy best-seller by E L James , was set to go up opposite Marvel 's potential new franchise Guardians of the Galaxy starring Chris Pratt and Benicio del Toro . Internationally things are even busier , with many studios pushing their big tentpoles out of next June and July -- to avoid competition from the World Cup in Brazil -- and into August . "  We see this movie as a global event , " Universal Pictures chairman Donna Langley tells EW . "  The strength of this book is really worldwide , so we want to be able to take advantage of women who are invariably on vacation with their families during the month of August in Europe . " Now the film will debut on Valentine 's Day weekend , beginning on Friday , February 13 , which also coincides with the President 's Day holiday , giving Universal the opportunity to post a big three-day number for that frame . Langley , who was instrumental in bringing the Fifty Shades franchise to the studio , adds that Universal would likely have made the change even if Charlie Hunnam , the original actor cast as Christian Grey , had not dropped out in mid-October . "  Together with the international marketing and distribution team , we 've been looking really closely at the August date and becoming more and more convinced that the right thing to do for the movie was to push it , " Langley says . "  So even if Charlie had stayed , we still would have been making the date change . " EW : See the full ` Fifty Shades ' coverage The film 's new date will put it up against the adaptation of Nicholas Sparks ' The Longest Ride , which has yet to begin production or hire a cast . Who knows , maybe the fear of competing with Fifty Shades will keep it away . For more on Fifty Shades of Grey , including exclusive interviews with author E L James , director Sam Taylor-Johnson , and the full story behind the casting of Christian and Anastasia -- plus which scenes from the book have made it into the script , and which have already hit the cutting-room floor -- pick up this week 's issue of Entertainment Weekly , on stands Friday . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The studio is moving its release date for "  Fifty Shades of Grey " It was originally set to hit screens August 1 , 2014 The film 's new date will put it up against the adaptation of "  The Longest Ride "
CNN  -- Thousands of security officers cracked down on landmark sites in Iran 's capital and other major cities Sunday , at times striking at throngs of protesters with batons and rushing others on motorcycles , witnesses said . A few plainclothes security agents stood in the middle of Tehran 's Revolution Square , countering anti-government protesters with signs of their own in support of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei and chanting "  I will give my life for the leader , " an eyewitness told CNN . Hundreds of other security personnel cheered the group . Another witness said large crowds chanted "  Death to the dictator " at the intersection of Gharib and Enghelab  revolution  avenues . Security forces on foot and motorcycles there beat several protesters with batons and detained at least four , the witness said . By nightfall , a witness in Tehran said the streets were quiet , with the exception of the occasional buzz of security forces ' motorcycles . Earlier , witnesses reported that security officers doubled up on motorcycles charged a group of 150 people gathered on Vali Asr Avenue , striking at least 15 fleeing protesters with batons as crowds of people grew near Revolution Square . The daughter of former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani , one of the nation 's most powerful clerics and a vocal critic of the government , was briefly detained on Vali Asr for "  provocative behavior , " Iranian media reported . Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani was chanting anti-government slogans to create "  unrest in the streets , " the official Islamic Republic News Agency said . The semi-official Fars news agency she was released shortly after her arrest . Opposition websites reported that security forces opened fire on protesters in Hafteh Tir Square , killing one person . Safari-Ali Baratloo , a security official , denied there were clashes in Tehran on Sunday , much less a death , the semi-official Fars news agency said . He accused the websites of reporting lies . Iranian security forces put up a steel gate in front of the narrow alley that leads to opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's Tehran home , opposition website Kaleme reported . An employee at a neighborhood hospital confirmed to CNN by phone that a new steel gate now blocks entry to the alley . She said the gate was not there on Friday . Moussavi and fellow opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi -- both of whom have decried the results of the June 2009 election that declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner -- have been under house arrest in recent weeks . Security forces surrounded Moussavi 's Tehran home on Saturday , blocking anyone from coming or going , and cut off all phone lines , according to opposition websites . Moussavi 's family members say the security forces have told them they 're from the prosecutor 's office , but have not provided any identification or produced court order for the heightened restrictions , Kaleme reported . Large numbers of security forces continued to patrol areas throughout Tehran and other parts of the Islamic Republic . Hundreds of miles south of the capital , protesters in Isfahan were met with batons and pepper spray in one square while hundreds of others were able to march peacefully under the watch of about 200 security agents at another demonstration site , a witness said . Two protesters in Isfahan were beaten , then taken away in an unmarked car by security agents , the witness said . An eyewitness in historic Shiraz , who participated in demonstrations Sunday , told CNN that large crowds of anti-government protesters have gathered along Mollasadra Avenue in the center of the city . Roughly 200 people , including men and women of all ages , gathered at the site , but were dispersed by uniformed and plainclothes security agents who hit at protesters with batons . The witness , an art student who has been involved in protests in Iran since the 2009 fallout over Iran 's disputed presidential election , said security officers on motorcycles would aim for the crowd but swerve just before of hitting people . She said she saw at least five people wounded at the scene . CNN could not independently verify the reports . Reporting from Iran has been difficult this week -- foreign journalists were denied visas , accredited journalists living in the country were restricted from covering the demonstrations and internet speed slowed to a crawl in an apparent attempt to both limit protest organizing and restrict information from being transmitted out of the country . Earlier , sources told CNN that 11 journalists , cameramen and photographers working for international media had their work permits revoked by Iran 's ministry of culture on Friday for covering unrest in the country on February 14 . They include staffers from AFP , Al-Jazeera and The New York Times . New York Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha confirmed to CNN that a Times reporter 's press credentials were confiscated in Iran . Ha said the newspaper is not identifying the reporter and would not share any more details . Last week , thousands of government opponents marched in Tehran on Monday . And Wednesday , thousands more took to the streets for the funeral of a man killed in Monday 's demonstration . Iranian authorities began rounding up many government opponents last week amid calls for protests like those that have swept across North Africa and the Middle East . Journalist Farbod Jamali contributed to this report .	NEW : Security forces put up gate in front of alley to opposition leader 's home , opposition website reports The daughter of a former Iranian president was briefly detained Opposition websites say one protester was shot dead More clashes reported on the streets of Tehran and other cities
